Ramblings of another hazy mind (Lost direction)I think I'll drop out of school. Write my memoirs, give myself all the time I need. Then I will try to off myself. I won't continue to waste all of my time and potential in school. I won't set myself up to become a lower middle class wage slave until I die. I won't suffer any longer. Depression is one of the many results of this morbid reality. 
I, apparently, have all these "opportunities". In the end, choice is an illusion. For me, there isn't even an alternative to public education. Those rare moments of relief don't last, but are they worth the pain? I made a decision today. Seemingly my only alternative. Even suicide methods aren't accessible.  Who knows what will happen, although I think that's what I'll do.

Even if I do not die, I will write down my thoughts, and I won't stop any time soon for now. I want to get out of this educational bubble. 
I am fed up with my mindless existence trapped in the monkey rat-race. I refuse to go down while sitting here in silence, all while staring at a meaningless future of alcohol, coffee and other stimulants. There has to be a way out. I can't be a passive observer all my life, letting everything pass me by like I am dazed off in a dream called hope.

I don't know what I want to do, but I most certainly know what I can't keep doing anymore. I need an alternative.
Part of the blame goes to the people who should help me because they brought me into this world. I'm afraid my parents will disown me because they are afraid themselves. They might abuse me, emotionally and verbally, because they are unwilling and incapable of helping me. I can't talk to them, and I know that because I tried. 
'I want out' could be another saying for 'I want a future that is worth my stay' which may also be translated to 'Please, give me a life/task that is worth my brain'.

I endured. I've kept silent. Now I desperately need change. Of course I have to deal with the consequences of my actions. My future doesn't seem very bright either way. It's like choosing between hanging and burning alive. You just don't have a choice.

Being understood might be all I want eventually.