Living on the brink for many years now...My life has been a total train wreck leading up to this point. I am a 22-year-old white male and I'm finally considering ending it for good...


I guess it all started when my mother left me when I was 4. From what I can tell, my father and her had an unstable relationship which consisted of constant arguments and fighting. This was back in the 90s when stuff like Napster and other file sharing services were really big. Well, I guess my mom was big into it but she was doing more than downloading music...she had found someone online, later to be my dreaded step-father. Of course when my father found out he was furious and threatened to take my sister and I away. My mother responded by going to live with this man, states away, whom she had never met before, while in a custody battle with my father. It ended with her living with this man and us staying with our father.


Now, you might think my mind was too young to process what was going on but I can assure you...a suddenly absent parent doesn't go unnoticed.


My dad tried his best to raise us by himself but in the end I think he knew that we would be scarred forever. Which we ultimately were.


For all my school life I was distracted, could never focus, was always searching for something that wasn't there. In the end I never found it. This caused my grades to plummet but I still passed...barely. I've had two jobs so far, including my current one, both of which are uninteresting and unfulfilling.


Then comes my (what I thought was) saving grace. My first serious girlfriend. All throughout school I was very shy and hadn't much dabbled in relationship stuff, let alone friend stuff. This was a truly happy moment in my life.


But good things don't last forever, do they...


About a year into the relationship my girlfriend had told me she didn't love me anymore. No real reason, just that she had felt the "spark" dissipate and fizzle out.


Needless to say, I was devastated... So devastated that at that point I wanted nothing more than the sweet embrace of death.


This was only a few months ago.


So now here I sit. Alone, broken and tired of everything...


There's a bridge in town and for a long time I've contemplated speeding my car off the edge and closing my eyes to await my final moment.

And I think...I think I'm going to finally do it. 