On The Edge of Ending it.I just don't know what to do anymore. I'm 27, I still live at home with my parents, I have a job that I hate but for certain reasons I can't leave it, I have no car, I only have one friend who I never get to see any more, the only best friend I ever had the world died, I've lost every girl that I've ever loved because I don't know how to keep a relationship because I am too insecure and paranoid. I'm overweight because I fell into a bad depression many years ago and me being overweight causes me to be even more depressed. I never do anything outside of work. I go to work, forced myself to go through the whole day, come home, do nothing but eat, play video games and watch porn and masturbate. I have a horrible porn and masturbation addiction which has affected my erections and I the last time I tried getting with a girl I couldn't even get hard even when she did all the certain kinks I like.  I used to not feel guilt, shame or anything after masturbating but after doing it about 12 times a day, EVERY DAY, for the last 16 years I've began to feel worse and worse. As soon as I cum I feel instant shame. I cry. Well I try to. I'm so emotionless I can't even cry anymore but at the same time I still feel other emotions such as shame and guilt. It's like I'm emotional and emotionless at the same time. I have no drive, no motivation, nothing at all. I'm a shell. A walking zombie. I couldn't even find the motivation to type this. I had to use my voice to speech tool to do all of this. My porn addiction is getting worse and worse too. When I was a kid I started out looking at cartoon girls in bikinis. That then led to hentai, but soft core hentai. Just naked cartoon girls looking sexy. Which of course led to hardcore hentai. I started out watching regular hentai like boy on girl, but that quickly changed and I started watching girl on girl and then boy on boy. Soon the hentai, of all varieties, got boring and I moved on to real people. I couldn't bring myself to watch real gay or lesbian porn so I only watched boy on girl until many years later I got into lesbian porn. After that I got into interracial porn and pretty much any other category, except gay porn. Eventually in my twenties I finally gave real gay porn another try. I loved it. It started becoming a long thing that I could get off to because everything else got boring to me. I only watched twink porn though. You know the small, skinny cute guys who basically looked like girls? Well eventually the gay porn got boring as well and I moved on to another new thing....cross dressing and tranny porn. Once again it became the only thing that I could get off to. So I spent the next two years watching stuff like that. Now we're in the present. Now NOTHING gets me off. I scour the internet for new kinds of porn to jerk off to and nothing works anymore. I've tried EVERY category on porn hub and nothing. Not a thing excites me. Basically now my masturbation sessions consists of me basically stroking my very limp dick while looking for interesting porn but I usually end up cumming before I find anything good because, as I said, nothing excites me. So after I cum into a dirty towel or sock I lay there in the dark staring into nothingness thinking about how pathetic my life is and how I'm going to end it. Then I usually get hungry, go eat, watch TV, get horny, masturbate, cum, think bad thoughts, go eat again, watch more than, get horny, masturbate, cum, wash, rinse repeat until I fall asleep, wake up, go to work, come home, do it all again. 
I don't know how to get out of this vicious cycle. it's the only thing I've ever known and I'm too addicted to cumming and porn and masturbation to stop on my own. 

For those of you who want the TL;DR version it's basically all I do is, "I have a horrible porn and masturbation addiction and after I cum I get depressed then I get hungry, go eat, watch TV, get horny, masturbate, cum, think bad thoughts, go eat again, watch more than, get horny, masturbate, cum, wash, rinse repeat until I fall asleep, wake up, go to work, come home, do it all again." 

I've never been able to talk about this to anybody so being able to talk about it on here, well I would say feels nice but...I don't feel anything. Anyways. What is your all's opinions and thoughts? How fucked am I? 