A cry for help.I feel like all of the my future and dreams slipping from my grasp. Thoughts of suicide and self harm are growing in my head.I just learned my failure on university appliance exams. This exams are done annually and this was my first year. It means i just lost a year. Everyone thought i would get a nice placement but, in exam number of the questions i solved was half of the my training exams. I am devastated.But there is more than that.
With my crush(she is more than a crush but we are not officially dating, i love her more than anything.), we went same schools, we had same goals, took same classes, we were in same %1 my crush for two years, took same exams with me, and she is placed 1.500th in two and half million students, im in one hundered twenty three thousand.
I'm very glad she did very well in that exam, i can not want anything except best for her. I could even sacrifice from my own happiness to make something in her life better. we used to lie on the grasses, watch skies and dream about the future, we would think about the good days that await us. We would spoon, cuddle and fall asleep, now i don't think i could even look in her eyes deeply and directly She was very supportive when i learned my crushing failure on these exams, she tried to make me feel better, "you can fill the gap, even if you couldn't you can try again next year." She said. She sent me results of people who failed in first step, gotten better in next exam. She never said something inappropriate and would break my heart. But i cant stop comparing myself to her social circle, in every night i fall asleep by crying, thinking she deserves someone much better than me, i feel inferior and worthless when we talk about it, and i don't think if i can keep my chin up when i have to look into her eyes. Her beautiful big brown eyes. Im a failure.
My health gotten worse, my nose constantly bleeds, i take antidepressants, i got dizziness, i study for sixteen hours a day but it is not very effective. my classmates make fun of me and most of the my teachers are disappointed, they wanted a country degree, five thousand at worst, and they are telling me how i failed almost everytime and they do it harshly, although my family hide their feelings well, but i can read disgrace i brought to them in their eyes
I can cope with things i wrote above well if thoughts of selfpityness and my incapability to fulfil her life don't haunt me.She never did something that would broke my heart, she tries to help me, she is sweet, she is smart she is social, she is beautiful, her smile brings the sun. I love her I don't know if i deserve her. I want to feel better, but i can't. Any advices would be appreciated
I don't want to say this, but this was a cry for help