I'm just not meant to be happy. Fuck it all.Throwaway account.

I've been depressed for years. I was sexually abused by my grandfather from ages 6-8. Grandpa was also an alcoholic, as well as my dad. All I ever wanted was to grow up and find someone to love so that I could move far away from home.

When I was 20, I finally got that chance and moved from the southeast to the southwest to be with the boy I had been dating for 2 years. We were married about 2 years later. A year into our marriage, I cheated on him. We were divorced soon thereafter.

I dated around and seemed to have me every fucked up asshole there is. I even dated one guy who lied about his job, home, and relationship status. I ate it up. He then faked his death. That man jaded me towards every relationship Id have afterwards.

A year later, I meet another boy who I was really into. We married after 6 months. Biggest. Mistake. Ever.

Fast forward to last year. I decide to leave him since all he did was spend our money on himself, stink, and act like a 10 year old. I meet another boy immediately after, who Im still currently dating. I moved a few states over to be with him. I never had money, had a shitty apartment, and to ice the fucking cake, I got in a really bad car accident that totaled my car. And because the public transportation where I lived couldnt get me from home to my job, I had to move back home with my mom and my alcoholic dad and leave my boyfriend behind.

Let me mention that my current beau is fucking engaged. He tells me often to just give him time, that he's going to leave her soon...but I dont know.  I just think he's another asshole that just wants his jollies. I tell him how I feel and he just thinks im being ridiculous and talks me out of dumping him. He has a history of being manipulative towards girls just to get dirty pics and Im afraid that's exactly what he's doing to me. But then I wonder if im just being paranoid.

Im just so tired of constantly crying myself to sleep. When everything seems to be looking up, everything just keeps violently crashing back down. I can't deal with it anymore.

Tl;dr 29 and twice divorced, dating an engaged man, I'll never be happy.