Losing will to live due to shyness, bullying, lonelinessI'm 5'6, in my early 30s, and currently suffer alot from depression, shyness, and social anxiety. It's been said that having good friends is the key to happiness since we're social creatures. But I don't have *any* friends now and it's hard for me to have motivation to live because of this. It's been very difficult for me to make new friends as people my age are married, hangout with their same friends from college and high school, etc. Not to mention that my shyness and social anxiety seem to be due to all the bullying and ostracism I went through in school and in the workplace in my 20s. So people often ignore me, or if they actually end up willing to talk to me, they just treat me like the 3rd-wheel once their other friends join in. I guess they find me boring or not outgoing because I missed out on a ton of social experiences when I was younger. Also, I've never even kissed a girl, let alone had a girlfriend

When I was younger, I was bullied alot in school and the workplace. I had literally no friends in high school. I've never really gotten over it as even today I'm still shy and have social anxiety. Even in my 20s people would mock me and humiliate me in front of others for being quiet, not having friends, never having a girlfriend, etc. It really pisses me off when people are so ignorant and think bullying doesn't even exist after high school. I can't help but feel alot of anger that most people never experienced bullying, don't deal with depression, yet have the nerve to victim-blame those who suffered from it

I tried many things to boost my confidence and social anxiety: Toastmasters, jiu-jitsu, weightlifting, approaching 2000+ women, meditation, traveling to nearly 10 countries, learning a foreign language, playing sports. None of them have seemed to work other than offering maybe some short-term confidence boost. From sports, people don't take me seriously because of my height. From approaching all those women, pretty much none of them led anywhere close to physical intimacy. I asked someone to observe my approaches and give brutally honest feedback, and he said I come across as too nice, shy, softspoken, and passive. He said a fair amount of girls seemed somewhat interested, but many of them would later tell me they had a boyfriend, makeup an excuse to not hangout with me, number flake, etc. He also told me it seemed more girls gave me harsher rejections by flatout ignoring me and being disgusted with me because I was so softspoken and shy

I would say the only thing that helped more than anything was living abroad for a few months because I got alot of attention from people there wanting to practice their English with me. I've looked into how I can live and work there, but it seems the only way it's possible is to take a massive paycut

I already have alot of positive beliefs about myself such as that I take good care of my finances (I have a 6-figure net worth and no debt), I have a decent job, I'm proactive, etc. Yet, that doesn't seem to help with my confidence, social anxiety, shyness, and anger at life for being the one guy who has gotten bullied so much and always struggled with making friends. Those positive things about myself mean nothing to most people as they tend to judge males on their height, how many friends they have, how outgoing they are, etc. Basically all the things I struggle with