Hey, can someone just chat with me tonight?I'm at a fairly low level of suicidal ideation, but it still never really goes away completely - or at least hasn't for a long time, better half of a decade now. 

Talk about whatever to me, doesn't have to be concern over my mental state, ask questions, interact, etc. Just looking for some company, another human being, a mind aside from my own.

I'll try my best to be good company. 

Tonight, I walked over to the convenience store, and some pop music was playing, couldn't catch any lyrics, but it was light, and sad. And I felt like, "that's what I want to listen to tonight, that is my mood". Light, and sad. Except the next though was, "If I am actually dying, might as well try to enjoy some part of life before that happens". 

I neglect myself when it comes to self care pretty badly. I am not as bad as I used to be, but, I have gotten really sick in the past due to this directly. I've made some improvements - I don't skip meals, I don't overexercise, I don't give into the compulsion to do as much as I can all the time because I can't stand being myself at any given moment, I try really hard to allow myself to relax and wind down - but I am still pretty awful at this, despite looking fairly chill and lazy externally. 

I do work really hard to improve my state of mind. For right now, that is what I feel I can have complete control over. Everything else is subject to too much complexity, to weigh risk and make predictions of dioceses, beliefs, actions. I try to not let this lack of feeling control for pragmatic, tangible things weigh me down too heavily. I hope it comes in time. 

Anyway. Hopefully someone reads this, and reaches out. I wish I could just pretend that life is perfect, I am happy, and just believe that. I just don't feel that sentiment, and I can't force it. My self neglect amplifies the negative feelings in some ways, but it also mutes other negative impulses and feelings that tend to be more destructive than what I choose. 