I'm bad at being suicidal (long post)So my memory doesn't serve me very well but the earliest memory I have of seriously considering suicide is around 12. Things were definitely rough before but I thankfully have minimal memory before then, and even there its fuzzy.

I just turned 20 a couple days ago. 8 years of this and for some reason I'm still here. I thought it'd be the biggest impossible miracle ever to make it to 16.

I started self harm at 13 because things were already sketchy with my mental health. Things weren't going great at home or school and lack of middle school's boys understanding of consent. Frankly, even though I hid it from most people, I wanted someone to notice and give me attention so I could get help.

I came out as transgender when I was 14 and having an extremely opposing family didn't help my already existing mental issues. I was temporarily homeschooled due to moving when I came out so bullying wasn't bad when I moved and got to enter a new school district as a new gender but some teachers were pretty bad. I came out at an age where hormone blockers and hormones would have kept my body from developing the way it did but, ya know, family.

Most of my real attempts were in the 14-16 range. I remember one really specific time when my mom was in the room next to me and I didn't think I would be able to ever medically transition or be respected. I was really mad and disappointed in the morning when I had to wash the blood out of everything without anyone finding out.

Things kinda continued along that pattern until a few months after I turned 16. The emotional neglect and abuse from my guardian, with things like constant yelling, not letting me go to therapy, not getting me medical treatment, etc. . . I had already dropped out of school at 16 due to transphobia and ableism so I didn't really lose friends when I left, but I learned to listen to my mother when she yelled and she told me to "Get the fuck out".

The day I was free from living with my mother I threw out my blades and haven't self harmed since.

I was 16 and still had *some* contact with her and my phone bill paid but I was pretty much on my own navigating the shelter system until they kicked me out to avoid me suing them for a staff threatening me because of being trans. I ended up couch surfing and starting hormones because AZ has a loophole in the law.

I moved out to a "progressive" town in the Pacific NW. I was homeless for a while, couch surfing. I even got a family that was going to let me go from couch surfing to moving in. I asked if I could bring someone to hook up for my 17th birthday, they knew the person and said yes, and then kicked me out since their friends got upset with all of us cus of the age gap.

I stayed in a shelter for a few months while I was preparing for surgery. I couldn't work since no one will hire someone preparing for surgery and I got kicked out for not getting enough productive hours.

Thankfully I had my at the time partner to move in with. She was in her early 20s. I ended up paying my rent by being a live in submissive to the 30+ year old my ex was living with, and sometimes serving their 40+ year old partner. Honestly the older ones weren't bad to me but I can't think of any form of abuse the girl in her 20s didn't inflict on me. That all being said, I was 17, about to get two major surgeries a couple weeks apart and I couldn't afford to lose my housing so I stayed there.

My partner got kicked out a month before I got surgery around the time we broke up. It was a nice relief to know my dom was gonna take care of me after my surgeries and that I was finally free from so much abuse.

My dom released me and kicked me out a week after my second surgery. It didn't take me very long to find a new place to go since I magically found a place that was used to taking in "refugees". The relationship I quickly got into (see a pattern?) was okay at first. I was pretty needy being just out of an abusive relationship, and their previous abuse meant they were distant and would never communicate their needs even when asked. I wasn't perfect but I begged for open communication and never got it.

This girl found me cute and let me couch surf. Talked it over with roommates and I was allowed to rent out their couch for a while until I was healed from my next surgery. Long story short, I wish that a concussion was the worst damage they gave me. I still can't even talk to my closest friend about being suicidal because 'that makes no one want to be around you'.

I moved into a long term shelter month before surgery that left me in the hospital for a week. It was really nice. My housing was stable and I wasn't trading tail for it. I didn't have any partners looming over me. I was about to get super intense surgery that meant laying in bed for a month. It was the most relaxed I've been in years while I was preparing and healing.

So me and another disabled trans person got assaulted and kicked out of shelter. Another trans person got kicked out at the same time as us, but he had been hiding in his room when we were assaulted since he was super recently post surgery. 

I couch surfed for a few months and now I'm barely able to afford rent where I'm living. I can't always afford food, and I can barely afford rent. I'm safe though. No one is gonna kick me out for being trans or stop my transition. No one is going to choke me. No one is going to date rape me. No one is going to drag me to the hospital when I am not suicidal and tell the doctors I am a danger to myself just to prove they can. I don't have to go to sleep next to someone who makes me wish I wouldn't wake up. I have therapy and a cat.

I'm bad at being suicidal. I've been suicidal since I was a kid. I've tried to kill myself multiple times. It's been years since I tried to kill myself or even self harm. For some reason I survived all that nonsense.

Now here I am. I'm safe. I'm safe and I still have to spend all my energy sitting on my hands while my nerves burn so I don't go create a bloody burden for someone else.