What's the Point?I don't know if any of you will read this or care. You're just strangers on the internet. But here goes.


Today was great. I slept through my Chemistry class (starts at 1pm), Didn't eat anything today except for a chocolate twinky, two kit kats, 5 Hershy's chocolates, and a basket of cheese fries. But it's okay, this is how it's been since my 3 year old daughter died in April. I don't care about what I eat or how I'm 240 lbs all the sudden... but then again, I do. It makes me hate myself even more. Got my license renewed yesterday and man did I look like a chubby piece of shit. My pregnant wife has been too sick to work, in fact she has to get IV injections daily at the hospital for it.  I'm taking 17 credit hours with four science classes so I'm too busy to pick up more than my one shift a week. 17 credit hours of school we had to pay for out of pocket since my GPA is too low to qualify for any financial aid. So yeah, we're broke. 

And it's my fault we're broke. It's my fault I failed those classes and that we have to pay for school out of pocket. It's my fault that I'm 23 and don't have a complete college education, notable job history, or promising career path. It's my fault for not taking college seriously. Its my fault she still has to work that crappy McDonald's job she's been at since High School, even while pregnant. It's my fault she's giving up on me. It would be better if I weren't even here. The only thing I was ever good at; the only thing that ever gave me fulfillment or self worth, was being a lazy stay at home dad taking care of our daughter. Well now she's gone and I'm all out of self worth. 

I wonder what the point of all of it is. Why is she even still with me if I screwed us up so bad? Why even work when she'll probably leave me anyways and take our new baby with her. Why even go to school when I can't even afford it and won't have a working career for another 3 years? Why am I even here? 

I wasted my childhood playing video games. I wasted high school hanging out with my girlfriend. I even gave up sterling scholar just because I was too lazy to do the portfolio. I have nothing going for me. When my daughter was born, none of that seemed to matter- she gave me the joy and worthwhile responsibility I was missing. Now that she's gone, it's haunting the hell out of me that I've screwed up mine and my wife's life being a lazy, selfish brat. A father/husband is supposed to provide for his family and I can't even do that right. She'd be better off with someone else who can actually take care of her, and I'd be better off dead.