My mental illness is taking control over my life and my family and bf are being affected by it. I just want to free them from the burden of having me in their lives.My partner of 2 years is the one who deals with my borderline personality often. Anything could cause me to split and suddenly hate him for no logical reason other than my emotional instability, and it just has worsened with the pass of the months. I know I have to get psychological help but it doesn't solve the problem immediatly. He would still have to deal with my mood changes until there is some significant improvement, and that may take years and years. 
The guilt that comes with this, knowing that with his own mental issues he's still trying to do everything to make me happy... It just destroys me and gives me an (apparently) justified reason to kill myself. So that he can move on from this toxic relationship and find someone healthy that will truly make him happy and give him all the positivity and love in the world. In this state of mind, I can barely reply to his ily's because of the amount of guilt. He says he's willing to stay with me and even pay for my mental health when he gets a job. This fucking tears me apart. How can somebody be so good with me when i've made his life impossible countless times, ugh.

My family doesn't know all the story behind my behaviour. My mother is the one who I turn to the most, but she doesn't understand how fucked up I really am. She just brushes it off saying the neurotypical arguments: "It's just a phase, you'll get over it, there's people in the world with WORSE problems and you are getting sad out of nothing?!" ...Well, yeah. That's why i'm asking for help in the first place. There's no fun in living like this.
On the other hand, my father said the same things as my mom, with the difference that he got me the number of a mental health center so that I can call and order an interview with someone and start treatment. I'm a little afraid about it tho, there's just too much happening right now and I would be ashamed to be seen in my lowest by a stranger. But I know It's part of getting help, opening up. 

Sorry for the wall of text, the typos and the incoherences, I just needed to vent somewhere.