Finally opened up to my wife about my highschool bullying. It's destroying me and making me wonder why her, women and ppl in general even like me? I feel so hopeless and broken.I'm not handsome, talk rugged and tan. I'm an average guy 5'9, decent looking and I have a ok job and career.

I've recently began to open up about my highschool bullying and it's been messing with my self esteem a lot. These past traumas are haunting me daily and it's scaring me.

Yet, for my entire life I've been able to get very attractive girls to fall for me. When I look back, I the average bullied guy landed the 2 most desirable girls in highschool. In college I got babe after babe. And since then I met and married my wife who's also gorgeous. Not to mention my two best female friends have made moves on me too.

This sounds like a humble brag but if you knew how I felt you'd understand. The weird thing is that none of these women treated me like a quick ONS or FWB. They ALL fell in love with me. Almost all of them wanted a future with me. And yet all except my wife I broke up with them because I didn't feel it back. I wanted to sabotage the relationship with my wife too. The only reason I didn't was because she was a bit broken herself yet so confident and strong, I idolised her and I couldn't lose her.

Now Imagine being ridiculed relentlessly for years in highschool. Bullied and tormented to the point where suicide or murdering my bullies seemed like my only options.

I feel so shattered still, like I still have a point to prove. I have very little to no close friends yet I've got ppl who always seem like they wanna see me. My wife loves me and will do anything for me. She truly truly loves me. My two best female friends will sometimes drop anythitn to help me and will turn to me for help over anyone else. Both of whom said they'd be my gf if I wasn't married. My wife knows them well and she doesn't mind, she loves that they love me and has even said if I hooked up with them she wouldn't be mad. My wife has a polyamory type mindset where if there's a women she genuinely likes she feels no jealously if I find them attractive too..

But that's back to the point. Why do people love or even like me? My first boss a guy I ended up betraying would hire me back in an instant. My two other previous managers reach out every so often asking if I want to return to my former jobs. My new boss, sometimes despite me messing up will have my back always.

I don't get it, I don't make any effort or very little to reach out and be nice to people yet I seem to be more liked than most.

I'm not attractive, but yet here I am, a damaged 6/10 guy whos wife is 9.

I broke down last night and asked my wife and one of my female friends. What is it you like in me? Why me, I'm not fun, great looking, rich or suave.

My wife said, it's because of how smart and relatable I am. She said no other person she's ever met is able to listen to her and understand. And the truth is we can talk for hours and hours. but is that love? We also have a lot of sex and i ask her why? We've been together almost 10 years yet we have sex sometimes 10 times a week. Her reason is that, there's something I'll never see but I have a cute innocent like quality that makes her just want to jump my bones. But is that sexy or a good thing?

My female friend said I'm the only guy she feels safe with. She said not in a gay make friend sort of way, but like she can trust me. I've gotten that line all my life, ppl innately trust me and tell me their deepest secrets and thoughts.

Why? What do I do that makes me someone worth sharing a secret with.

I doubt any of you will be able to tell me, but I'm so lost and confused, like I feel it's all a lie or ppl pitying me. I don't know why ppl think I'm worthy of anything.