From mediocre to bad at everything and feel useless.I don't know. I used want to be everything. We all recieved that bullshit speech when we were young. Or at least most did. Honestly I envy the ones that didn't. The speech is the one that we are all special kids and will go on to do and be anything we want. When in reality I just turned out to be, Okay. Some of this may seem stupid or insignificant it's just all been digging lately. I wanted to be a veterinarian. Applied and worked at kennels and then eventually was hired at a vet hospital. As a kennel tech, though at least I could begin learning and seeing the internal operations of it. I began looking into being a vet tech while going to school for the D.V.M. Though oncw it got a bit difficult I tried studying to move up at work and someone that was just hired at the time made it to vet tech after working there for a month. I was there for 10 months before her. Good for her I was happy for her but that legitimately made me look at myself and think "what's wrong with you" over the fact that I was studying and paying as much attention as I could and stayed after work to learn. Ask any questions I needed to. The head Dr. was usually happy to answer but other than that I was kind of a nuisance apparently and they would just shove me off and get annoyed at a question I couldnt find a straight answer to, whether from a book or online (because online would give a half answer as there are 9 million answers for one question that in all reality that question should have a single answer). I studied more. For almost an extra 5 to 6 months. Was then passed up again by someone that was there way before me. I'm just mediocre and just lost and feel 100% useless. I try multitudes of things too. I played soccer. I was a substitution player and usually given maybe 4 to 5 minutes of play time and I would beat my own ass at practice and go on runs after school or on weekends. Nope still just shit. While a kid on our team gets an easy 75 minutes in a single game (which i get. There are usually stars on a team and they need to be played often) Though I convince a friend to try a sport. Ive known him all my life and he has never played. Like ever.  He is immediately eqaul to better than me. Freshman join, and I'm being put on the field with them as a senior. I kinda felt lost but I at least never quit a sport or club or hobby but man... I wanted to. The pity clap with like 1 other kid on the team I recieved from on senior night was embarrassing. I would have rathered to be clapped for. I was a wrestler for 14 years. That was my best sport/activity and was still no marvel. I pushed myself to tears at practice, beat my own ass, and made any cuts asked of me and my coach and assitant coach helped all they could. Our head coach was a Hall of Fame wrestling coach that even under his wing, I didnt amount to shit. I qualified for sectionals... Cool.. I was in 5 plays. Community and H.S. and every single play I made nothing but an extra. For Seussical was a fucking giraffe, for White Christmas, I was a backup singer and did fun dances in the backround while the real talent did the showstopping stuff. Even though this may be silly. I love playing video games but it sucks. I am not exceptional at any of them or even really good. I live playi g the NHL series. Ive been playi g them for over a decade now. I play and play right. Practice, play against the computer and go up in difficulty get better, play online. I feel like ive made real progress. I ask my cousin if he wants to play against me while we hang out. He hasnt had a single NHL since NHL13 and I have NHL19. He beats me pretty bad and its not like he is phenomenal because he'll play anyone else I know and get smoked. Mortal Kombat, I get crushed by anyone not the computer if on medium after playing it for years, DBZ, COD, Battlefield, Apex, anything. Like even my outlet that makes me feel a bit better isn't soothing sometimes and I just get embarrassingly beat or shown up and feel shit at that too. I'm not mechanical, or technical. Tried ice hockey. Loved it, was literally benched and shit on through the seasons. I cant find something to be good at to just enjoy. Let alone find a skill that will make me good money for myself and my beloved girlfriend. Who is truly caring and amazing but sometimes I feel like she just straight up feels bad for me. I can list on and on but it will drag too much beyond what it already has. I dont know its a pretty dogging feeling after awhile. At first I used to shrug it because I thought one day I'll find something I'm really or at least fairly good at naturally and be able to build from there and hone that and be great. Now that I'm 23 not even moving in a direction. I feel like I just want to stop sometimes.