After 12 years of thinking about it, I think I'm finally to the point where I'm seriously considering it...I can't stop fucking up...I seriously ruin every good thing in my life and I can't seem to stop. 


I had so much potential growing up. I was smart, outgoing, and ambitious. When I thought about my future it always seemed like it would be amazing. I was an optimist. I miss those years...


Long story short, I've had my heart broken more times than I can count and each time takes a larger piece of me, I've lost almost all of my friends and the ones I do have only care when it's convenient, I can't seem to hold a decent job or make any money to support myself, I'm practically homeless and a burden on my friends when I stay on their couch, I'm a type 1 diabetic and can barely afford my insulin, and I have no fucking clue how I've fallen so god damn far. 


The final nail in the coffin was this week. I had a date for the first time in two years with a girl I've always had a crush on. That ment a lot because I didn't know if I was capable of opening myself up to another person again. It actually went really well on Monday. For the first time in years I was remembering what happiness was. I didn't feel alone. 


Well, in typical fashion, I ruined it. I got excited and anxious and drunk and stupid. I unloaded a boat load of "feelings" that to anyone after a first date would seem psychotic. I was just so...excited to feel again. I sent her a message apologizing for my unwarranted outburst and now she won't talk to me. I've never handled rejection well, but knowing it was because of something stupid I did that could have been avoided...I don't think I have any heart left.


I'm so tired of having everything go wrong. I struggle to remember what optimism even was. I try to think of the positives in my life and it's literally only my dog...who I don't even have anymore because I'm fucking on the verge of living on the streets.


I've fallen farther than I ever thought possible and death honestly sounds better and better. Life, I'm guaranteed to experience more pain and possibly another bout of happiness, but death...Death is an unknown. Maybe everything just stops and I simply cease to be. Maybe there is an after life and I suffer an eternity in hell. Maybe I wake up as someone else, like this whole life was nothing but a dream or simulation. Maybe a million different things could happen. No one really knows, but that gamble sounds better than continuing this sad and painful excuse for existence.


I managed to see Deadpool this weekend, hoping for a pick me up, and the only thing that stuck with me was when he said that life was one giant train wreck with brief commercials of happiness. I think I've had my last commercial...