lost my job, just had an abortion, self absorbed boyfriendI think the heading pretty much sums it up.

Hi there. I've never posted on a form before, but I figure now is the time. There are a few things that I need to get off  my chest because I've been carrying it all around for too long...

Last Friday I had an abortion. While I never wanted to get pregnant I also didn't want to have an abortion. My boyfriend didn't want to be a father. I gave in. I had the abortion. That afternoon, after surgery, my boyfriend and I headed out of town to go to a friends birthday party. As we were headed to the train station we got stuck in traffic and had to get out of the taxi to book it to the station in order to try to make it to the train on time. I could barely walk, but I was tugged along for two blocks. Only for us to miss the train. Only to be blamed for missing the train. Fast forward to that night: I was ignored for the majority of the party. "I don;t know how to deal with this", he said. So the topic was just avoided. I was just avoided.

Sunday rolls around. I miss my shift for work. I loose my job. F*** it, I say. I'll spend the next to days finishing my application to a grad school program I've been eying for a while. I ask for my boyfriend's help last night as I:m trying to finish my application in time for the deadline. "I'm really tired", he says. He passes out at the bottom of the bed...

After staying up late I woke up early this morning to finish my work. He work up to. Apologizing for falling asleep early he offered his help. Great!, I said, I get to work as I try to come up with something for him to help with. When he gets up to take a show an hour later I notice a bunch of porn pulled up on his computer. I hit the roof. I'm sitting right next to him and he's looking at porn?! When I'm on pain killers? After having an abortion that I never even wanted to have in the first place? Go fuck yourself, I said. His response? I"Ve always looked at porn, even while we were dating. I'm sorry. I was really horny and didn't want to bother you while you were working... Porn is a natural thing to look at blah blah blah. It's 9 p.m. now. I'm sitting on the couch waiting for him to come home from a business dinner and I'm still livid. More than livid, I'm crushed. How could anyone be so inconsiderate?? How could someone who you LOVE be so inconsiderate, so hurtful? I feel about six inches tall. Bad analogy. I feel invisible.

I feel very detached from everything right now. Even this post seems passive to me. In all honestly, I'm so hurt I think I may be in shock. I'm so sad and know that I should be in therapy. But oh yeah: did I mention I not longer have health care. There's that, too.
