I'm not meant to be in this world(I'm not a native speaker)

To starters, I have attempted suicide twice. The last time, things really changed for me. I got that feeling that I was done living like that, so I looked for help.
I dedicated my life to therapy and build better relationships. I started dating with a person so worth it, that we're living together. He is slepping right next to me as I type this. But I feel like he wouldnt quite understand.

A few days ago I got this strange feeling of not being able to live in our society. I don't get why people are so hateful, why people hurt others like it was nothing. And I don't mean only huge cases of violence, that too, but hateful comments on internet, supporting politicians that support hate, calling someone you don't even know a piece of shit.

Why do we have to live in this world where is more important that people agree with you rather than someone else well-being? Aren't we fucked already? Money, power... This is so cliche.

It got so bad that I couldn't even read cases of abused cats on my feed. It's not just some pity feeling, is real suffering with real tears.

I try so hard to be a better person, to be more human. Nobody seems to want the same... They don't want to face their own flaws and admit it, just want to believe that they're the best that they can be. I'm not saying I'm the only one that think this way, but I'm the only one around... Me.

I read an article about racism (that we're all passive of it and the only way to get rid off is to confront it). So, I went to askreddit and created a thread asking people what do they do about their own Bias or racism... And got called a racist piece of shit.

Askreddit is like my second home. I like reading personal stories so I sometimes lose an hour or two there. People had said worst things without getting that much of shit I get whenever I post.

I politely answered my motives, but didnt stop from hurting me. I know I'm not a piece of shit, but I started feeling like I am. Nobody understands me. Actually, I just wanted to find someone that thinks like me. I feel so alone!

Trust me, I'm no saint... I've called redditors 'cunt' for being mean to me and it doesnt hurt any less knowing I'm a hypocrite.

I thought I could handle being around people, but I can't... It's getting unbereable.

Maybe I wasn't meant to live in this world. I thinking that the only way to stop the suffering is to cease to exist.