At what point do you draw a line for your own mental health when helping a suicidal family member whose behavior is often toxic for you?An Ode to my Father:

At what point does a person who's brave enough to reach out for help when they're suicidal become toxic to the person they're reaching out to?

When I try to get you to call a hotline number, someone who's trained to help you, and you say you only want to talk to me?

When you leave me a suicide voicemail saying goodbye but it feels like you're waiting for me to respond because you just want someone to show empathy towards you?

When does it become selfish for me to say, "I can't be the only person to carry the burden of your weight by myself when you're like this? You have to take responsibility for your own life and not pin it on the people around you" even though you feel like you're at 'the end of your rope' and you need help from someone you love.

Why is it that every time I move forward and I feel fine again you come along and drain my emotions and my progress back to zero and you make me feel like if I don't talk to you enough, or see you enough, or make you feel validated as a person you're going to kill yourself?

How am I supposed to feel when you don't actually want to die and you feel like you have no other options left, but you won't listen when I try to give you help or options that aren't me?

I feel angry, and sad, and empty.

But I also don't know how I'm supposed to feel.. 

When your family needs help, you help them. But where can I draw a line for my own emotional safety and tell you how I feel without you taking it wrong?

I don't know what to do.

tldr; I've been all over the internet trying to find something relevant to my situation. My dad is toxic to my mental health when he's suicidal but refuses to seek help outside of me. I become vulnerable to suicidal thoughts/have come a long way from my past depression, but his behavior, words, actions, etc often revert my progress. It's been 4 years since I last talked him out of suicide and he was hospitalized after. Where do I draw the line for myself? I don't want my dad to die, but he's putting a lot of pressure on me to help him and doesn't understand when I try to tell him how I feel. It's just about how sad he is. :(

Advice? Anyone who can relate?