On people.I've never really had a friend honestly. I don't know what that feels like, it's a mixture of social avoidant personality disorder and just being an unlikeable person. I have people I hangout with but I've honestly never really been close to anyone.

I recently moved back home after a year and a half of college, due to a mixture of things. In college I was well liked by everyone, I was still bitter and cynical and people hated that aspect of me but people were always nice enough to me. I was friends with everybody that's always kinda been my thing; I float. And that floating may be due to my personality disorder or may be due to my overall big hearted misanthrope personality.

But the thing is nobody's missed me. It's been about a month and half since I've left and nobody's asked where I am or made an effort to contact me. And it's funny to me, I have this phone full of contacts but no one contacts me.

And like even in college, people wouldn't really invite me places. It would just happen I'd just end up there, at whatever place or thing was going on and I'd go with it. But the thing is I would go out with people and watch people on there phones texting their friends or replying to tweets from their friends etc. and I just wonder why not me? I don't get tagged in the party photos the night after, but I watch all my friends get tagged in them. And I just sit and wonder why?

And I just feel like I'm missing out 100% but I guess that's what it's like to be 40% involved with people, because you too scared to get hurt or get close to anyone, and it's tiering.

I'm tired. I have no one to talk to talking to no one expect strangers on the internet I'm tired of going to bed alone, missing the closest thing I had to a romantic relationship, summers ago in 12th grade. And I feel stupid and alone.

I'm tired of having 4 hour long episodes of day dreaming because my life is so empty. I feel like I half a person. You spend you whole day in bed staring at a wall talking to yourself because you have no fucking friends. And you just want to die because you feel like a waste of oxygen because nobody would miss you other than that two people obligated to.

And it's tricky because I've always been a selfish person, while still very empathetic to others. but I've also tried to kill myself 3 times before. So it shows you how bad i want it but at the same time nobody wants me. I'm not loved or cared for I just exist and the only people who care about me have to by proxy, and I'm not even sure if I really care about them or if it's just because of a social obigation