Can I do another year?This year was meant to be the year I turned it all around and everything got better, and for the first few months of the year it was all going so well... I had met a girl, we had started dating, things were looking good, and the same thing happened that's happened twice before. She wanted a "break" as she felt things were going a little fast, and after leading me on for 4 weeks making me think we would eventually get back together I find out she has already got back with her ex... 3 times now, I've had a girlfriend leave me for someone else. We remained friends and when things started to get rocky between her and her BF again I thought perhaps there was a chance we could get back together... and again, she choose him. I don't blame her, I don't hate her, I'm just disappointed... I didn't think the same thing could keep happening, I thought just once maybe things would go my way...

I'm in my late twenties now and I worry things aren't going to get much better.  My mum was diagnosed with terminal cancer when I was in my early twenties, that was around the time girlfriend 2 who I was living with at the time moved away to be with someone else... After losing my mum, I had some tough years but I was finally starting to get things back together. Then, 3 years after my mum had died to terminal cancer (6 months after diagnosis)... my Dad was diagnosed with terminal cancer... he died a year later. It's been a few years since that happened now, and at the start of this year I had that feeling things were finally getting better... 

I feel like I lost the best chunk of my early and mid twenties with what happened with my parents, and now I'm heading in to my thirties with few friends and very little family left. I'll be alone this Christmas, I had hoped by now I would have met someone and would be spending Christmas with them... but that didn't work out.

I just don't know what to do. I feel like if I take the leap again, and if I meet someone else, and the same thing happens again I won't bounce back... I don't think I've completely come back from the last time...