How I really feel...I’m fucking pissed. I’m forced to live a life I didn’t ask for with a woman who actually works hard but for literally pennies for what she’s worth. My mom hates that too because I didn’t have a wedding and I eloped. Pulled that trigger too early I guess. Now my wife is a fat lazy bitch who won’t fuck unless she’s in the mood. It has to be on her time or during sunlight hours. When we were younger we would smash 4 times a day but she’s too tired to put in the effort. She even admitted a few weeks back that the only reason she is fat now is because she’s lazy and isn’t trying. It’s bull shit for me to wake up earlier than her, go to sleep after her, crush my brain on ridiculous ass homework at university, live somewhere I can’t afford to live, have 2 girls who can’t do shit, 2 dogs who can’t go anywhere outside the neighborhood, because I can’t afford even the fucking gas. I feel stuck. Nothing has changed in my relationship despite counseling on both sides and together. I’ve practically given up drinking and smoking, I do everything in my soul to change...and all I want to do instead is fuck some college chick at school who will talk to me. I literally have about 10 right now I could call but I never do. Instead, I’m forced to conform to the fact that I can’t live the life I want to live. I don’t want to live with that. I want to be happy. Have at least a little spending money to buy a Mother’s Day gift, a birthday present for my friend, drop 200 in my Roth monthly so there is an actual retirement fund, maybe save some money,  and fuck my wife because she loves me and not because she feels obligated and complains about it. I used to be able to do everything on my own even as a fucking Marine DI working 20 hrs a fucking day and bleeding out every hole in my body.  Instead, I’m forced to close my mouth and feel guilty for saying literally anything. She says she wants “help” with the girls going to bed but when I’m on the computer doing hw she doesn’t say not one fucking word.  I’m not a fucking mind reader. I could literally be doing anything else right now and it would be more fun. My wife is literally a fucking joke who only cares about her dad and her shitty immature heathen asshole non family oriented brothers. Her family is the way it is because her dead mom perpetuated their family’s shitty rich now poor life by being a bouchée drunk drug addict with an enabling husband who allowed it. I’m stuck picking up the pieces and playing Mr nice guy. I fucking hate being mr nice guy. I did it my whole life and it’s only resulted in me being fucked over. Honestly, why can’t we just live somewhere reasonable within our means even if it means living in the fucking ghetto. Oh yeah, I know why. My fucking wife is too fucking bouchée to live anywhere else besides the best. I’m supposed to last until tomorrow when all I think about is just hanging it all up and jumping headfirst off a fucking building just to give my wife and daughters enough money to get to tomorrow. I’m late on my bills, in debt, can’t afford gas, can’t afford a parking pass for fucking school, can’t get a real job because it means a babysitter I can’t afford, can’t afford good dog food, eaten chicken nuggets over and over days in a row, my wife pays for shit using a gift card she bought using my fucking credit card from Lowe’s(and she think that’s ok), and when she cries because I’m not being reasonable or fair I’m supposed to shut my mouth, hug her, and be the sweetest man in the world. It’s fucking bullshit. I’m angry, broke, miserable, embarrassed, ashamed, and I feel like it’s never going to end. I was forced to sell my gun for practically nothing because 1) it was too risky to keep it according the VA and 2) my wife doesn’t have the stones to think about our families’ safety as she’s pretty much afraid of guns. I’m furious. If I leave to get a minimum wage job, we’re fucked. If I stop going to school, we’re fucked. I make all of the income practically with a GI bill by just going to school and she makes me feel bad for driving Uber on a gas guzzler and not profiting. I’m literally in Business school and I know it doesn’t work. I feel like I have done pretty damn good for my part. Once again, bullshit. If people knew me and I told them, I’m a piece of shit. If I tell my family, being the son of literally a Marine Mom and Marine Dad, I’m a loser. If I tell my uncle, I’m probably a jerk who’s also a loser who gave up. My biological father is fucking joke for a man who put his hands on my mom and doesn’t have the stones to keep his shit together despite being a rich asshole. Nobody ever fucking calls me because getting out crushed the only bridges I had. I don’t have a fucking friend anywhere in this god forsaken state of California. What’s the point? I’m a tired, pissed off Veteran dying for one fucking pass in this world but it seems like I’ll never catch a break. Again, what’s the fucking point? I know three other Marines who have called it quits in 2019.  Oh yeah, and there’s a million illegal immigrants from way worse situations crossing over into my legal home and I’m supposed to just be okay with that too. My state believes that it’s okay to steal from the backs of its citizens... and I went to war for this country. I probably sound like a bitch dude with a shitty sense of entitlement and you’re probably right. Still, I’m stuck sleeping on my couch just to keep my mouth closed and keep pressing on despite the fact I want to jump in front of a bus. I’m just lost at this point. It’s to the point that I’m just dumping my feelings on the world.