Sad Written thingsI keep a digital journal just in case i randomly die... i need people to know that i was not ok and that im still not ok :(.

Explantion time 👏👏

I am a sad individual. As a kid my parents would only give their praze to my older sibling.... they would talk about how great she was to everyone while i ment nothing to them. I would sit on the side lines while they would talk about how pretty and smart she was. I grew up thinking i was ugly. Yeah! Tough times.

One time my dad out right told me to get up of the couch and give it to my sister cuz she was a girl... 
My dads abit of a sexist
Or maybe its cuz i knew about his porn collection

Still it was abundantly clear to me that i was the least loved in the family.

I always tought about killing myself but i never had the balls to try it out....
or did i? Dun dun dunnn!
On the subject of balls n shit my mom once said i should wear a dress.... :/ 
(and no it wasnt even this nice but i dont really want to explain my whole life) 

At one point my mom didnt consider that i was her son just because i implied that she had a boy friend at a family reunion. At that point i already felt like a strange in my own family... so i distanced myself from them.

A couple of months ago i drank some detergent as a means to end it all.... and suprice suprice im not dead but at the same time i really did fuck up my throut ( never talked to them about it). I realised some thing that day and that was, that i was scared to die and that im not gonna kill myself.
(Btw drinking chemicals is never a good way to go... trust me!)

If u think i should see a therapist i cant afford it + i cant explain all this to my disfunctional family.

Im doing honestly better but i need people to know that shit like this happens, maybe even worse.

All i know is that having a journal is a greaf way to release stress especially in a case like mine.

On that note do u all ever wonder how people would feel if you were to one day die and realise how much pain they caused? Cuz i think about that alot and i find peace in the fact they will suffer on the inside for what theyve done.

I might sond like an asshole but im being truthful... thus this post.






If u made it to the end of this post may you live a long and some what peaceful life cuz death shouldnt be anyones cup of tea.


I might have just insulted a couple of people guys that wear dresses. Sorry :/ its just that it hurts when your parents do you dirty like that.