I feel like I'm coasting through lifeI made this account so I can vent out my feelings. I am so confused on where I am in my life. I dont know how I feel anymore. I pretend that my emotions are null, but I'm so sad its unbearable. I think I'm suicidal, but I can't bare the thought of killing myself. I don't know how. I don't want to be damned to some dimension like heaven or hell. I want to feel blackness.

Here is my problem. Ever since I was 14 (I am 17 now.), I have lost any real reason to care about anything. Slowly, I started caring less and less about everything. However some things I still care about. However, my grades have increasingly stagnated to the point where I might not graduate with my class. 

My parents scream at me to keep them up...however I csnt find a reason to actually care about them. I just will coast through it. It does not matter. It just saddens me that I cant find even the slightest motivation to do it. Even though I wont graduate with my class, it doesnt make me motivated to fix them.

What I do think about in class often is my death. Death of others...how I would kill myself, how people would react to my death. I don't know how to stop them. I just think about suicide and killing myself every day, and it clouds my memory to the point that I cant remember anything from something I've done just merely minutes ago.

My parents reactions to my death don't bother me at all, since I've already accepted what and how they would react. 

However, this girl from another school...I caught feelings for her. I dont understand how I did, because I have not felt any petty ass crush on someone in a minute. She is starting to slowly grow on me. I am having dreams about her, nightmares more like. I cant bare the thought of not having her as my friend.

Yet I feel she is growing ever more distant day by day. She makes me feel weird...I choke up when I talk to her. I cant look at her anymore...it will make me cry...I dont want to leave her, ever...but I feel like she knows she has more potential in life more than I...

I talk to her about everything. She knows how I feel, but I feel like I am pressuring her. I love her, I cant stand it. I want my crush to go away, but I cant bare another day without her. Its agonizing and embarrassing. I dont know what's wrong with me.


I am scared to tell my parents to tell them that I am having suicidal thoughts. I'm not going to tell them. They told me there is nothing wrong with me when I told them I was unhappy in this house. They just said that I was ungrateful and I didnt appreciate anything.

Are they right? Am I being dramatic? What should I tell her? Why do I not care about anything except her?

I can feel my sanity slip away...it physically hurts to think...I think my brain is rotting.