Don't mind me, just an attention seeker, a forgotten person, a turn off and a joke15 years old and don't want to get any older

Over the course of this term and the last, I got a haircut, some Hudson Livingston's for school and I go to the gym every Tuesday Wednesday Friday and even on weekends. Yet I am still nothing.

I think I'm an attractive person, but sadly nobody else seems to see me that way and I'm alone and I can't get this out of my head because nothing else in life interests me anymore

I don't want to have to cope with being alone and trying to fit in. Hell, a partner's out of this world especially since I can't already be happy by my self, alone.

When they're not paid to cut my hair, women either don't take notice, don't even glace or hell they'll just look through me which makes feel hated

I don't want to sit in the lunch cafeteria on harsh summer or winter temps. until I feel sick, dehydrated, confused and alone / depressed

Hell even today some kid said my shoes were too pointy when they're just an almond toe, and a really nice pair at that. 

I don't want to have to psych myself up and be confident around girls when I'm really just sad

I don't want to be laughed and scathed at behind my back, just for being myself

I don't want to have to tolerate people's judgments anymore

Why am I the only one who really likes me?

Why does my writing sound bad?

I just want to curl up in a ball and die

This afternoon, I may take that action just a bit further

And I have done things to improve myself. I've improved my life. I've made steps but they don't add up to much, nothing that makes me want to stay. Nothing ordinary has that power. I mean, c'mon, it's more than just a chemical imbalance. I'm taking meds, (Zoloft, 50 Mg a day); I'm invested in the guitar, (learning Mike Dawe's Somebody that I Used to Know); I wear clothes that fit, have a hygiene regime; my hair's clean; I have braces; a new cut; I work out 5x a week; I try to improve my social skills via self help / improvement. Yet after all this struggle, I'm alone. Not even considered. The same as before, except better. Except nobody cares. I'm just part of the background in someone else's life, the lives of all these fucking high school superficial cunts. They don't care about me because they don't think I'm normal. They somehow see me as a race below them, a punching bag, a joke, a thing girls look down on and laugh at Well fuck them. Fuck them. I hate them. They've done nothing except soccer and video games while I actually try and expand myself and work my fucking ass off to be better. They've done nothing, yet they can have any girl at the touch of a finger. I've seen them get approached. Girls actually like them. And it's not because they're confident. They're just crazy for them, for no reason, (And they're actually cruel as fuck). I've been bullied severely by them and told in a joking / harassment manner to kill myself and sprayed down with water until my skin itches and my collar and shirt's soaked. Even when I told them to fucking stop, they just stood in the crowd and fucking laughed. Made the water into a HIV joke. Shit, they're the weird ones. Yet they're who women want. If a girl talks to me, it's because I asked them a question. Conversation dies. I'm either blocked or never sent another text. Girls literally make the effort to move away from me. Hell it even happened yesterday, (and I wasn't even weird that time), so I just give up. But what can I do? All I can do is let time rule over me, waiting and working for something good while grinding through a daily pain, a lonely ride with no ups or downs, a pointless ride that shouldn't have made it past construction. I hate that I was born. I shouldn't have been