I don't know what to do, I just want this to end. Please help.To be honest I've spent the past 3 weeks debating posting here, using my real account no less. I'm at the end of the rope, I have no where left to turn. My life is spiraling further out of my control and I don't know how to fix it, or even if I can. Not a day has gone by in the past 10 years where I haven't considered taking my own life, whether with a firearm in my house or the large suspension bridge on my morning commute. I'm 26 years old, overweight, poor, health in rapid decline, and still living with my parents. Never dated, never had more than a handful of friends, never graduated high school and dropped out of college after a semester. My crowning achievement in life is a GED and a few flight school lessons I couldn't afford to continue.

I'm...not a normal person. I accept this. Whether it's caused by some mental illness or just my stubborn refusal to change I'll probably never know. However at this point I don't feel like there's any way to move forward. In fact, I've grown so detached from my life that most days I'm on autopilot, just going through the motions until I get home and can retreat into a fantasy world in my mind, in fact...I prefer that world to the real one almost 90% of the time and sometimes almost believe that death will take me there and away from this pain.

In fact I'm posting this from my work computer in the pathetic hope it'll throw some red-flags in IT and maybe my employer could offer some help(I work for one of the largest Healthcare companies in the US).

I had typed out a huge multi-paragraph essay on all the things in my life that were bothering me...and then deleted it. I don't feel they really are necessary here. Just know I want to seek help, but this is the only way I can effectively communicate. Speaking face to face with a therapist, if I could even afford one, is just something I don't think I could do. 

I just know that I can't take this much longer, I will eventually snap and end it all. The worst part of it all? I feel like most everything is my fault yet I'm powerless to change anything. It's the worst feeling in the world, I'm so helpless and incapable of taking care of myself. I hate everything about my life, myself, and my situation. I just want to be happy again, have nice things and friends to share them with. Is that really so much to ask?