Please distract me. Please distract me. Please distract me.I am struggling so hard not to seriously hurt myself tonight. I am burning. None of my friends are available. Please someone talk to me.   
Please. I destroyed my life. All of my worst fears came true. I literally don't how I am going to pull through this one. I am very scared.

Ok might as well type out the story. I am very much in love with, share a course with, and live with a monster of a human being. I did everything for him. I genuinely loved him. The only person I ever was in love with. I could have done anything for him. I took all of the shit he threw at me because I believed he was worth it. I believed we could overcome it. I believed the horrible pain he put me through, by lying to me, leading me on, and repeatedly cheating on me, right in front of me, could be worth it. He wasn't always horrible, because if he wasn't, I wouldn't have gotten into this. No. He can be fucking lovely and charming and amazing. Just not to me anymore. A couple of nights ago we got really drunk and he pulled me into a threesome that I don't remember most of, and that I had no desire to participate in at the time. Everyone knows about it. I hear people gossiping. Afterwards he just gave me the cold shoulder. And now he already has a new girl he's dating over. I've been stripped of every last ounce of dignity, lost all of my social circle and now I have to stay here and endure it. If I were to completely remove myself from the situation, as would be logical, I would lose my studies, and literally everything else.  I see no point in starting over. I have nothing to go back to. This was my new life. This was supposed to be me finally being happy. But it's just another level of hell.  
  
He never at any point said he didn't want me. I trusted him like the idiot that I am. We can only communicate when drunk, and then everything seems more or less fine. I negotiated away every last piece of my being just to keep the little that we had. I am ruined. I will never find someone with his qualities (- the complete lack of consideration for my feelings), and I won't be able to settle for anything less. We were actually extremely compatible in every way, in a way that I've never been with anyone else. Now I am embarrassed, broken in every single way, and I see no way forwards. I failed. I wish I wouldn't wake up in the morning.