Even though I know my life could be worse, I think that suicide is a rational optionBack in middle school and earlier, I was bullied. I wasn't beaten or really threatened, but still, I felt like shit and used to cry because of that. The worst thing that happened to me was probably putting a trash bin on my head or smearing my face with flowers knowing that I'm allergic to them. I was an "outsider", I was kind of a nerd, but raised among lower class children of acoholics and such (I live in Europe) and nobody liked me. I was getting high grades til the end of elementary school, slowly getting worse and worse with time (my parents gave me hell of a headstart so I grown used to it and now I fail at learning; my father was alcoholic and is dead by now though). I also hated the way I look, to the point that I learned to shave without a mirror, I felt like crying looking at my reflection a lot of times. My specific preferences didn't help either.   
Around high school, things got much better. I had a girlfriend since then, though I was still pretty sociophobic and used to have trouble even with buying basic supplies. I still didn't have any friends.  
Slightly over three years ago I discovered that I want to be a girl. This is literally the reason I hated the way I look so much - my body is androgynous, I just crossdressed and put makeup on once, looked in the mirror and realized: that's it, I should be a girl. So I decided to try.    
Not long after, I tried to meet some people. I realized that it's not like I hate people and they hate me, actually I love people, but only a few, I don't like huge events or anything. So I found friends, supportive of my gender issues. Don't really feel sociophobic anymore.   
My friends are wonderful people. Wonderful to the point that I think they don't need me, they just treat me like a younger sister that needs a pat to the head (even though most of them are slightly younger than me). Most of them got higher education than me or are at least interested in something normal or whatever... Don't really know how to explain that, but the problem with me is that I was only into two things: the first one being a technical branch (which I left, because I failed at maths too much in high school and later realized that I'm not interested in this kind of stuff anymore anyway) and another is art, though I'd prefer not to say what kind of art, because I want to stay anonymous. As for the latter, people like my stuff, but it's not something to be able to make a living from, and I still have hella lot to learn. I'm also interested in linguistics, though my native language is rather obscure and as you can see, my english isn't perfect. I feel unable to learn the majority of new stuff I try to, like graphic design or something, even if I really try, I'm just dumb as shit. There was a number of other reasons I was afraid that would make me unable to find a job (allergies, social phobia, being physically weak etc), but they aren't that of a problem now.    
I wanted to leave my country since I remember, but I'm getting less and less confident with my english (I can do a bit better than this post, I just feel really bad and want to type this thing fast), and I have no higher education, so nobody would want me. And I'm a fucking piece of shit that actually kinda needs money to be happy. I want to be able to say "yeah, sure" when my friends invite me to eat a pizza, instead of saying "I can't"... I want to leave mostly because of two things: my country is pretty intolerant (kinda right wing, conservatist etc), and I'm afraid about the political scene in general anyway. I don't even know where to go, I have trouble understanding Scottish or English accent (American, Canadian etc is perfectly understandable for me) and I've heard that people don't really treat emmigrants from countries like mine good there, and I can see why. I'd be like them, I'd fall into the "no education ghetto", may as well stay here, not living the life I want... I'm also slowly breaking up with my girlfriend, she's really supportive but she doesn't want to be with a girl.    
I just want to be a girl with enough money to live (I don't even mind working washing the dishes or whatever if I'm gonna have enough time to be happy after the work, right?), and I can't. My life is not horrible, but I really rarely feel happy, and I think it can be only worse. I don't want to live like that, and I see no way of getting better. 