never been this at risk, I’m scared.I struggled a lot throughout my life, but I don’t think I’ve ever felt this scared for myself. I genuinely am at risk for taking my own life. I am in a house that has an abundance of medication, and we have guns and ammunition. I don’t know how much longer I can withstand these feelings.

I’m 18 and behind a year in school. I dropped out for a period of time because my mental health was so bad I thought my old friends were plotting against me so that I would die. That followed a rough break up. 

I still care a lot for my ex, and he is my “fp”. I have BPD traits, but most are under control. 

I was doing somewhat okay, even with the stress of wanting to build a friendship with my ex and that heartbreak, but things suddenly came to a huge halt.

My emotional support animal who I did everything with suddenly passed after an emergency surgery attempt, we didn’t even know what was going on. He had a fatal mutation of a virus and couldn’t be saved. This happened October 20

Since then things have gotten worse. I talked to my ex that night and he was supportive, but I didn’t talk to him again since as I knew he had exams and didn’t want to get in the way. I can barely function without my cat and I’ve become severely depressed. I’ve been binge eating constantly and that just makes me want to die even more (I have anorexia). I live with my family and they’re putting immense pressure on me to function and go to school and do all this homework and I just can’t function. Not only that, I’m extremely sore right now from my scoliosis and I’m pretty sure my period is starting.

I got ignored by my ex over text after wishing him a happy Halloween and asking him about exams. He frequently breaks his phone so I sent it over Instagram and got left on seen. I am grasping at threads in order to find a reason to live, but things are genuinely so bad and rarely in my entire life have I ever caught a break. 

I’m thinking about admitting myself to hospital but I don’t want to be cooped up and I don’t even know if I want to live so it’s kinda like what’s the point. On the other hand I’m afraid, and I genuinely feel I might do something.

I feel like I have a million problems I can’t fix and I’m drowning in school work, and I genuinely don’t think I want to continue living. I don’t know what to do. Thanks for reading