i'm pretty messed up...here's an email i sent my brotherit's a really long read...sorry...and i'm cool if this goes ignored

a lot of this probably can't be understood... i'm not sure why i'm posting this. i'm just in a very bad place looking for any advice i can get

---

somewhat high email....

So I was a naturally sensitive, very shy, skinny kid. Despite my shyness I was very talkative at times and otherwise fairly 'normal' in elementary school. In middle school, like most people, I started to be become more self conscious. So that and my extreme skinniness and lateness to puberty...and an always at least somewhat dysfunctional childhood (a special needs brother with behavioral problems; a crazy mom and an alcoholic father) with significant dysfunction around these years..collided to induce significant social anxiety. In the sixth grade, unless everyone was doing work or listening to the teacher lecture, I was nearly constantly fight or flightly socially anxious and shy. Saying things aloud in class, presentations, talking to people, walking in the hallways, etc. were all terribly 'scary'.

In the seventh grade, even despite my skinniness and lateness to puberty (which was all the more apparent one year later), and even despite significant family dysfunction, I was starting to overcome my natural shyness. In some classes and situations I was still very quiet and shy, but in others i was normally talkative and sometimes even class clownish. I was the most 'well liked' in my main circle of friends, and I had a wide variety of other friends, including the nerds, the 'losers', and some of the future 'jocks'. 

Then late seventh grade/early eighth grade mom moved out (and did crazy things, e.g. aunt kelly fighting... I don't know who did this, but I found a picture of me at I think grandmother's house that had been torn up) and then dad filed for divorce... so that, my continued skinniness and lateness to puberty, and my lingering shyness widened an ever increasing gap between me and my male peers both socially and athletically. My loss of 'prowess' at sports, my lack of friends, my shyness and 'rudeness' to adults, and my apathetic and argumentative attitude....and your being a hardworking, dedicated, well liked football player....caused dad's favoritism to completely flip from its former state in elementary school. Dad would stay out and drink most nights, he'd neglect both of us (but me more than you), criticize me, and...he was just very emotionally cold. You acted out to his favoritism/family dysfunction the first half; I acted out to his reversed favoritism (and my miserable existence) the second half. You bullied and criticized me too...jokingly though.

So I guess all of that induced a schizoid state. I became detached from myself/my emotions and the outside world. I talked to almost no one at school, I didn't pay attention to my teachers or any of my work...I just played video games/browsed unproductively online. I didn't even understand people on a basic level... I actively (though not really consciously) ignored almost everything: directions, names of restaurants/stores, locations of restaurants/stores, geography, news, etc, etc. I only paid attention to sports, music, and very nerdy interests like philosophy, astronomy/science, and tech stuff. Of course, I followed these interests pretty lazily. I had very little interest in making friends or overcoming the problems I didn't care about or fully see, I had very, very few (and none of them at all serious) crushes... I was just emotionally dead, bored, and really, really apathetic about everything that didn't fully interest me...in my world.

Then the perfect storm at [my college] happened. Temporary shy RA roommate at first; then a guy from [my high school] and a friendless nerd for new and permanent roommates? Dancing in front of hundreds of people with nothing on but really short shorts is how most people find their main group of friends at [my college]? And I lived in the extroverted party dorm when I would have been much better off in the nerd/hippy dorm. 

My general knowledge is laughable. I really don't have many interests (the only thing I know at all reasonably well is music). I've just spent the last eight years of my life (and the last two to three most significantly) in an apathetic state doing nothing remotely productive, rotting my brain away. My personality died a long time ago. It's very abrupt, cold, bland... I think it's partly like this because I subconsciously experientially found acting like that to be the least rude and most effective way of turning people away. It's like I try to tell people, "I really don't want to talk to you but it's not because I don't like you". ...well, being detached and emotionally dead...that's how I naturally was anyway.

In terms of personality development, social skills, experience, knowledge, skills, interests, etc. I'm basically a shy 7th grader who just jumped into a 21 year old's body...who happens to mumble (my hearing problems were also fantastically fortunate) and who happens to be really skinny...and who happens to be mildly to moderately depressed.

I'm a giant cosmic joke. I've had a really bad childhood and I'm a naturally very shy and weak person...and spoiled. Mom has always spoiled us and I was dad's favorite the first half. And most things came easily to me. I was good at sports; I could think and work far faster than nearly everyone else; I was a top seated trumpet player despite hardly ever practicing or trying in class; people have always actively tried to become friends with me, doing 'all the work'. I was used to getting things without much effort.

Put a naturally shy, sensitive, weak, and spoiled child in my situation...and I guess utterly quitting life is a plausible outcome. I think your being a ridiculously talented, well-liked, basically perfect person in junior high and high school might have disturbed my motivation even more.

shy, weak, spoiled person in a schizoid state + alcoholic, emotionally cold/neglectful/critical single dad; crazy mom; insane fighting; special needs brother with behavioral problems; perfect brother = quitting life for quite awhile

It took shrooms to finally become psychologically normal. I don't think I ever would have fully gotten here on my own.

But now I'm in a horrendously ugly position in life with my new, normal desires and concerns.

I'm so much dumber than I should be. I'm an undeveloped and dumb schizoid spock person (nearly all schizoid-like people are intelligent; I'm barely if at all smart enough to be considered intelligent) who's made poor grades in college, has no friends (besides [mutual friend] and [mutual friend] who live out of state and are my friends for very weird reasons), I've never had a girlfriend. I have absolutely nothing in life to take pride in. I have an ugly, damaged, just really, really messed up personality and way of looking at things. I don't know how to change it and I fear acting much differently. I mumble. I'm skinny. Everything about me is bad. I have a horrendous personality, I mumble, I'm skinny, and I don't know anything, I have nothing to talk about, and I have no skills/hobbies/interests. If you quit life and become detached, I guess that's the result, but now I actually care about these things......

AvPD is just childhood shyness that was never overcome due to untimely bad things in childhood. Overcoming natural shyness as a kid is hard, I guess, but it's not that hard and most shy people do it...naturally...and they naturally desire to overcome it. If you put overcoming natural shyness on hold until adulthood, it becomes worse with time, and it becomes a lot harder to overcome when everyone else is developed in every way and you're undeveloped and broken in every way.

For the last three days I've run for 10+ min, I've practiced the piano, read, limited internet use, watched two of your films (which i now actually really enjoy...films/novels), etc.....but what's the point? My lack of knowledge, hobbies, good grades, etc. is hardly the problem. The central problem is that I'm really unlikable and push people away. Even if I try to improve myself, my life will most likely always be really, really miserable because I don't see how I'll ever be able to change my terrible personality, ways of thinking, and fears of people. You're a talented, well-developed person, you can do whatever you want in life,  and you're still not happy. What's the point in trying to be okay at some things...starting far, far behind everyone else? I'll still have my anti-charm personality and fears. I'll still view life as meaningless and ugly and fake. And I'll still feel really inferior and looked down upon by everyone.

What makes all of this really sad is that my problems are incredibly pathetic. There are very good reasons why I've been like this, but I'm a weak person anyway. To quit life you have to be a weak person and you have to have a perfect storm of things happen.