i won't do it but i won't do ithi everybody
i never opened up to anybody before but today is a day that i hope never happened.

i am terrified, i can't think straight and english is not my first language so sorry if all this doesn't seem to make sense.

so, i am a teenager who has spent all her life being the strong one. I'm the smallest(?) child of three and even if we always were good with each other there's a lot of issues and we all struggle with expressing emotions like sadness and anger because my mother who raised us alone was raised in a hostile climate and never taught us how to deal with those feelings.

my father was abusive and violent but thankfully he never did anything to me. my brother was his favorite so he didn't get hurt either but I grew up seeing my sister being punished and hit violently regularly. tbh all my memories are blurry but one time he whipped her so hard she bleed and this image has stuck with me since.

thankfully my mother managed to make him leave home but to this day he still has a grip on us and is in our life because of many divorce issues and other bs. this asshole stole a bunch of our money and my sick mother can't do any more than she does.

anyways, after he left (i was between 8 and 11 old at the time, my brain won't let me remember exactly) i went to a psy but idk if i rigged the exams or if it was just hidden but they couldn't find anything wrong w me. my sister had severe depression and i think she tried to commit suicide i have no clue. my brother is a special case, he has always been weird and I've never seen him cry and he's kinda toxic each time i express sadness so i prefer not to talk abou
.
.
.
.
just got in an argument w him and my mother I am tired of not being able of understanding what's wrong, i don't want to kill myself and i won't do it but I'm so scared, today i started to hit myself and i don't want to see a doctor
I'm terrified
nobody should feel like this or worse at anytime

I'll continue another time I'm crying too much rn

thank you for reading