I think it's time.I have a super long history of suicidal thoughts beginning from when my entire life was destroyed 3 years ago by a crippling condition charactarized by severe pain in addition to vertigo, severe headaches, endless nausea, horrible fatigue, etc etc.

Treatment didn't work and my doctors consider it chronic.  I don't want to drone on and on about my health problems anymore.  Long story short, they make my life a literal living hell.

I collect disability and live with my parents.  i'm in my late 20s.  My parents hate me.  They don't listen to me or care what I have to say.  They've demonstrated again and again that they would rather me suffer severely as a result of their action/inaction than for them to be slightly inconvenienced.  I don't know how to explain this without sounding like an entitled piece of shit.  Maybe that's what I am.  If that's the case, I want to die even more due to being nothing but a burden on those around me. 

I don't have any redeeming qualities.  All my friends have abandoned me.  I'm lonely, severely depressed, sexually frustrated, sick and in more pain than I know how to manage.  i am so fucked up dude.  i feel myself becoming more and more insane the longer i'm alone.  i can't actually spend time with people because being out and doing things only increases the pain, which in turn worsens the mental suffering.

i have a growing resentment toward everyone.  i'm starting to hate everyone and everything, and especially myself.  if i heard tomorrow that an asteroid was going to hit planet earth and make it explode i would probably be happy.  i would never actively physically harm anyone, but the thought of bad things happening to others makes me feel better.  i hate humanity and every single part of it.

I'm giving away my pet gecko soon.  I put an ad up on craigslist.  I'm hoping to find him a home with an experienced reptile keeper.  I want him to be better off than he ever was with me.  My gecko is literally my only dependent.  I owe it to him to find him somewhere to go.  When that's taken care of, I won't have any reason to stick around anymore.  

Then I just need to find a way to do it.  I'm too much of a bitch to hang myself.  I don't have a gun.  I really wish I could just get a lethal injection or a nitrogen chamber.

i just don't see a purpose in continuing my life.  i offer nothing to anyone, and all i know how to do is suffer.  

Fuck me dude. FUCK me.  I can't stop crying.