I just want to dissapear15yo, i have no friends, people always just force themselves to talk to me, it's just very obvious. I don't know what the fuck i have, i've visited many psychiatrists and psychologist over the last year and a half. (it just got very bad, very quickly) the various things they said about what i could have vary between Anxiety disorder, Dysthimia, Borderline Personality Disorder, Adaptive Disorder and the last one i got was High-Functioning Autism. They're so fucking different i don't fucking know what the fuck i have.  


I made my ex try to harm herself, and even told her to kill herself. My family loves me, they are very caring and all, but i don't feel i deserve it, i have beated my mother two times now just because i'm a pussy that can't handle the truth about being a piece of shit. I have horrendous social habilities, either i can't even make a proper sentence or i just talk so fast that my mind just can't keep up and i end up just saying nonsense. I treat people like shit, and then i just cry myself to sleep because nobody really wants to talk to me or be my friend. I had friends before, but they stopped talking to me because i treated them like garbage, now they noticed there's something wrong and they force themselves to talk to me, they just ask like a single question and then they never speak to me in the entire day. People always said i had talent, they seid i was smart, good at drawing, etc, etc but i never belived it. Even though i know i'm a piece of shit i don't really want to change, and that just makes me more angry, it just seems that i want to be a fucking dick. I frecuently have thoughts about murdering my mother and other people because of no reason, it makes me angry.  


I've been considering killing myself for around two weeks, but before i have thinked of it once every month or so a year ago, now it's many times a day, i just want to dissapear, to stop being an annoyance to everyone, to stop being a fucking problem for my family, so they stop wasting so much fucking money in my anti-depressants and all that stuff, because at the end of the day, it just seems that the only goal i want is to fucking die.  


Sorry i made you read through all this fucking garbage, i don't know how to fucking write properly. Maybe i'm just overreacting, my problems don't seem as bad as other people in this subreddit, just ignore this fucking child, I just wanted to express this somewhere so i could see how many people don't care about my stupid problems. (Also, sorry if i have horrible grammar, english is not my mother language)