Nobody is ever going to want me again. Dumped. Fucked up the only chance I had by being too depresseddrunk.There’s no hope for me but the rope.

Fiancée broke up with me earlier today. She says I’ve changed ever since I got depressed.


I’m fat. I’m black. I’m trans. I’m ugly. I’m socially awkward. I have extreme anxiety and poor social skills. I’m majorly depressed. The one girl who I thought loved me is leaving. I have no friends let alone be able to date after this. What hope is there for me? What is there to loom forward to?

I met a wonderful girl four and a half years ago/ I proposed. I loved her with all my heart but it wasn’t enough. I worked my ass off and paid all the bills. I sucked it up and went to work every day because I thought I was building a future for us. I was working towards our future and I thought she was too
I was wrong.

Our fights got worse. My depression got worse. I stopped cleaning the house. I stopped enjoying life. She was depressed for a while too before I was but I held it down. I was rock solid. Never missed a day of work, supported her when she dropped out of bed schoo l and was suicidal.

What do I get when I’m suicidal? Fat nothing. “You’re putting too much on me”

She left me today. We were going to get married. Said she can’t take it anymore. She used me for money when it was convient and tossed me down the drain when the going got tough.

I can never trust again. I was vulnerable with her. I thought she understood me. I thought she loved me but she isn’t willing to try anymore.

We were supposed to get a place together and now I have two weeks left on my lease to try to scramble and find a place for myself instead of the houses we were looking. At.

I trusted her and I can never trust again. I’m utterly alone; I have no friends ever since I was child I could never be the person people wanted to be around. I am a failure. I repel everyone

I can’t make friends and never could. Now that she’s gone I will just come back to my now empty house and smoke dugs. No one cares they just use your for your money or to emotionally use you. Friends too. I. Always the last resort 

People don’t like me no matter how hard I try to improve my self and my social skills. No one likes me and I can’t figure out why. Friend sdrop me when I can’t offer them anything anymore and I’m sick of it

I’m convince there isn’t anyone that is a god person and I’m the fool for caring about people more than they care about me. I’m always sticking my neck out with jo reciprocation no one likes me and they never have. I’m awakrd and possibly autistic who knowsS

I wish I had something diagnoses to explain why I am such a failure of a human but so far psychs have found origin. Aside from depression and anxiety

Mi don’t have a single irl friend l. She was my only. Now I have no one.

I work 8 hours a day for what? Nothing. I’m simply existing. I have nothing to look forward to anymore; I had goals. I was saving for a house and a wedding but she tossed it away because I am to depressing. I have no friends and I don’t know how to make them. I repel people


Why shouldn’t I die? There is nothing to love for. If she can’t live more no one will. I ducking hate her for leaving me at my lowest
Point.


I can’t live life anymore. Working every day to make someone else rich. No free time, just a slave. Nothing to look forward to and no hope of getting better I have exhausted every option: medication, therapy, exercise, trying to meet people. I’m not meant to exist. I am wrong and broken.


I’ve got a gun here and I think I’m going to use it when I’m ready. I don’t see any other option