Misery.So, after 10+ years of depression, 5 years going to psych treatments. I find out that my spine is fucked, and it's all due to my step-dad's endless emotional abuse, alcoholism. None of which I can escape now.

Sad thing is. My spine relaxed all the tension it was holding. Yikes.

At first I was happy, but I quickly noticed issues. Such as my knees being uncomfortable, almost detached. Now, whenever I walk my spine feels frail and unpredictable, my left leg has mobility issues, my left shoulder (the culprit, seemingly) is tense in all sorts of places, and it's almost like there's intense irritation in every muscle holding the hand.

I want to go to a hospital.

But yeah. This shit won't happen either. Also parents aren't looking for a solution. I'm miserable. I never wanted to be abused like this. What did I ever do to this fucking idiot? Is this really just because my mom wouldn't let him smash? Fuck, man.

The dude actually got a stroke a few weeks ago. Extremely likely due to how I defended myself and piled pressure on him. But he still keeps ul his fake "kindness so give me shit" and "you deserve to be hated because you're pathetic" bullshit. Plays mindgames with my mom.

I have no longterm vision.

I'll just die, I feel like. Nobody has ever tried to listen. The ambulance will send me to psych and this misery will continue in a prolonged fashion as always. More antipsychotics, more people telling me "they're just feelings" (doctors, everyone), when I literally hear my spine crackle, my hand is distanced from my body. It's hard to see without looking, but it's there holy shit. I can't lift my left foot, and the left leg can randomly give in while walking.

I just want to be loved. I want to feel like there's a person in my life. Like a person. A person that's here. Just somehow here. Someone who's actually here and doesn't just pretend or think they're here. Don't say you're here. Don't tell me bullshit feel-good stories. I have no-one, only fake smiles and pretending. All these issues are too much for me.

I know this is /r/suicidewatch, and I mentioned dying, but I really don't want to die. I really don't want that.

I get angry as hell sometimes. I've even posted nastiness here. I just feel furious at the world. How people always walk me by and pretend to be holy afterwards.

My step-dad is probably some kind of narcissist. Like, I remember when I was 16, I decided to go die somewhere. When I came home, he fucking shouted at me in a rage.

Of course, I did actually hurt my ex. But I felt insane, ridiculously anxious, thoughts racing, and I had nowhere to go. Had someone made a loving home, not this hell-hole I'm stuck in.

Bonus points. I haven't showered. All the back issues I described? Yeah, there's no pain usually. There's something much worse than pain. Can't feel my teeth or kinda can. It feels weird all over my body. Moving my neck makes it worse (left shoulder blade + neck).

There's a post on my profile with better on-going symptoms.

Maybe get and take a benzo? It could just be extreme muscle tension.

A theory is popping up that when I was 16, my mind decided this world doesn't deserve any love from me. It might actually be schizophrenia, then, and if it is, then I know exactly how it works and why it happens.

I do have memory issues, some distorted thinking, and I had stereotypical behaviors a while ago. Whatever it is. I'm not trying to make much sense anymore.

Thanks, anyone.