Can someone please fix my life?Hello, I'm a twenty year old female and I'm lost right now. I don't know the meaning of my life, I don't know what I'm doing. I can't even write anything without having a question to answer.

Why do I want to fix my life? Well, it's a mess right now. I don't know what I'm doing. I've been diagnosed with depression, but apparent I don't do anything to fix it. I've been hospitalized for a suicide attempt but I don't want to die. I just want attention, I just want help. I want to be better, but I can't. And I'm scared I'm not going to be able to take it soon. I'm so overwhelmed. I feel like I need someone telling me exactly what to do in order to do something right. But then again, I'm the most stubborn person ever. I ask my friends for advice and I never listen. I always try to point out how they are wrong, and I end up pushing them away. I wish I had someone who wouldn't give up on me.

Sometimes, I think about how my life isn't that bad. At least I'm healthy and whatnot. But then again, I don't feel the pain others feel. Sure I feel sympathy, but I have no idea how they feel. All I know is that I feel horrible, more horrible than I've ever felt. I'm sure people feel worse but I haven't felt it. So to me, these are the most horrible feelings ever because I can't compare them to worse.

I don't love myself, but then again I love myself to much. I think I deserve everything and nothing all at the same time. Right now I'm depending on my relationship to be happy, and that's wrong. I'm overemotional, I panic over everything. I think I'm manipulative, I'll do anything to keep my boyfriend with me. Even though he's hurt me and lied to me too many times. He's a great person but he's getting tired of me. But then again, I feel like there's little things he can do to make things better but he doesn't. At the same time I know its not his job, I just can't control my emotions though. I don't know who's the one that's wrong anymore. I just don't want to lose him, I get panic attacks just thinking about it. I don't want to be a crazy, manipulative, jealous girlfriend. I don't want to hurt anyone. I try to distract myself and talk to other people but I always see friendships as more for some reason. I don't know if it's that I need constant attention. I can't help it. I know it's wrong but I can't change.

Sometimes I say I'm going to be fine, I say I'm going to do something and everything is going to be better but the next second everything is back. I'm not working, I had to quit my last job because I would cry a lot. Every little thing hurts me. I wish nothing got to me, but I can't help how I feel. I've lost the desire to wake up in the mornings. I'm scared to look forward for anything because I feel like I'm going to end up disappointed. I have no structure whatsoever and I can't follow anything I set out for myself. I feel like I need someone to tell me exactly what to do, and force me to listen. Be on my ass constantly. I'm honestly scared of myself, I dislike myself so much. I wish my emotions were different. I don't even know what I'm asking for, I don't even know what I'm saying. I'm leaving out so much because I don't even know what to say without having someone ask me. All I know is I need help. I don't know what to do, can someone please help me?