I'm probably going to kill myself4 months ago my fiance of 5 years and I were overjoyed to find out I was pregnant.  We told everyone right away.  A few weeks later we got in an argument over wedding plans and I threatened to get an abortion.  He begged me not to, but a week or so after that went on a snow trip with some work friends, and when he came back he told me he wanted me to get the abortion.  I told him that if I got the abortion we were calling off the wedding and I would never see him again.  He got me pregnant intentionally.  My hormones were going crazy and I felt jerked around.

He left that night and didn't come back for a week.  I went crazy.  I got hit hard by the hormones.  I got so upset one night I punched myself in the face as hard as I could several times!!!  Being hungry would reduce me to tears, one thing out of place sent me into a rage, I even told one woman who pulled too close to me in her car that I would "rip her limb from limb".  I am NOT a violent person!  I'm not even a mean person, I've worked in customer service my entire adult life.  People would in general call me a really friendly and warm person.  I knew it was the pregnancy hormones, but I couldn't help it.  My boobs were hurting, I gained 10lbs, I was crying all the time and my fiance was being an asshole.

Meanwhile I had just gotten a HORRIBLE job that I hated and was commuting 4 hours to get to.  I couldn't get healthcare through them for another 3 months so I applied to DSHS who denied be for being $150 over the poverty line.  So here I found myself pregnant, with a shitty fiance, and a shitty job, and no healthcare...  Then, with what seemed like a stroke of luck at the time, I got fired.  I practically danced out the door knowing I now qualified for prenatal care.  Or so I thought.  Apparently I hadn't been working long enough to get unemployment or prenatal care.  So now I had no job, no fiance, no healthcare, and I was all on my own.

Finally he decided to pony up the money for an ultrasound, which determined the baby was fine.  After which he just - in a shockingly calm voice - said "We'd like to talk about termination."  I was so shocked.  I thought that for sure when he saw the baby he would change his mind but he just said that.  I just sort of choked.  I didn't know what to do.  I felt cornered and hopeless.  I didn't even have a job or healthcare, how would I do this on my own?  So I took the pills.  It was the loneliest feeling in the world...  They told him he'd have to stay with me but he had to go to work so he left me.

I had a bad reaction to the pills and nearly died alone in my shower.  I'll never forget how cold I felt.  It was awful.  Just giant clots of blood and matter falling out of me.  Hot water hitting me would turn cold before it got to the drain because my body temperature was so low.  I couldn't walk but was able to alert my neighbor by using a nearby broom to bang on the ceiling.  He drove me to the ER...

I spent 2 days in the hospital before going home sans baby, sans boyfriend, sans job, sans any dignity.  And how was I supposed to tell everyone that "O, nevermind.  You know that whole we're getting married and having a baby?  Well, no, we're not."   I couldn't bring myself to do it, so I lied.  I told everyone we had a miscarriage and that we were still together but decided to table getting married.  But,  how do I explain that we've broken up?  Why would people break up over a miscarriage?

Meanwhile I have no income and no help.  My hormones are in flux and I think I spent the first week drunk and in bed.  I literally didn't leave my bed for DAYS at a time and even moved the liqour into the bedroom so I wouldn't have to go to the kitchen.  Finally one night I felt good enough to go out and went to my local bar with a friend, everyone was so shocked to see me drinking and I had to tell everyone I lost it.  I got so drunk that night that I went home and drank a whole other bottle of wine, then a bottle of vicodin, a bottle of benedryl, and a bottle of NyQuil.

Sometime the next night I realized I was back in the hospital.  My neighbor drove me to the ER again after a CD had gotten stuck and was playing over and over and he came down to check on me.  When I got home I saw my apartment COVERED in vomit and blood and NyQuil - literally smeared on the walls.  I was too weak to clean and spent another two weeks in bed.

After that my mother got me a ticket to visit her in San Francisco.  I had a pretty okay time down there.  She really made a point of trying to make it nice for me.  My mother has done some pretty shitty things to me in the past but she really is a saint in some ways.  She spared no expense, we got massages, went on pony rides, she even signed me up for musical therapy class while I was there.  We went to bars and restaurants and parties and drank and smoked pot and went dancing.  I felt a lot better when I got home...

I took about a week when I got home, just doing little things, like cleaning the apartment.  Trying to make little attempts at getting my life back.  I tried to go to DSHS and get assistance but was told I don't qualify for counseling.  I wanted to tell them I want to die.  That I think about suicide all the time.  That I really am going to do it.  But I didn't want to take a ride in an ambulance so I just agreed and went home.

When I got home I sat there and stared at my matting razors for over an hour pounding beer after beer and crying.  I miss my baby.  I wanted it more than I want myself and I killed it with my own hands.  I feel like a monster.  I hate myself and I want to die.  I want to die.  No, I really want to die.  Seriously.  I can't stand living knowing what happened and I want to kill myself.  

My mother says I have severe post partum depression and I'm sure she's right.  Those hormones did hit me hard.  But, I think I've always been this way I just never had a good enough excuse to really do it til now.  When I was a teenager I used to cut myself and long before that I used to self mutilate in other ways.  I think deep down I always hated life and I always hated myself.  I hated being a child and the sense of helplessness, ignorance, and shame that came with it.  I hated being a teenager because it was like being a child only you're more aware of how shitty everything is and there's still nothing you can do about it.  I've liked being an adult, for the most part.  At least since I was 23.  But, I'm turning 30 this year and I just lost my fiance who I was with since I was 25, my baby, my job, my ambition, my hope, my dreams, my life is... over.  I mean, you can say it's not but my life as I have known it, my life as I've ever wanted it to be is gone FOREVER and there's no getting it back because it will always be shrouded under the decaying memory of all of this.

I don't believe in an afterlife where I'm going to get to see my baby again.  I don't believe I'm going to go to some "other side".  I just want to go into the dirt and never come back.  I hate breathing, I hate eating, I hate wiping my ass, I hate knowing me.  I can't bring myself to even look for work.  I don't even want a job.  I just want to die.  I think about it all the time and it dominates everything I do.

I already tried ODing and it didn't work.  I'm afraid of cutting my wrists because it's messy and I'm afraid it wont work or that whoever finds me will find me in a huge gruesome pool of blood.  I think I'm going to drive out to the ocean and jump off the cliffs.  I just want to make sure there's no remains this time so I don't end up coming back to another apartment full of blood, vomit, and NyQuil.  There's nothing left for me here.  There's no reason in pretending like everything is going to be okay and turn around and tomorrow I'm going to find a good job and The One.  Everyone keeps telling me I'll be pregnant again in no time, but they don't know.  They don't know we're broken up.

It's a disaster.  I'm a disaster.  I failed at the first attempt and I havent tried again yet.  Most days I think I wont, I mean I think about it a lot but I don't think I'd actually do it but then every once in a while I get a screw loose and I think "May be I will do it.  May be it just depends on how much I drink."  May be if I drink enough of these I'll get up the courage to do what I should've done when I was 15.
