I am unsure of what to do.I am not necessarily suicidal... however, I have been having some very dark thoughts as of late and if the past is any indication, thoughts of a permanent solution may start to pop up in my head again. I don't know who to talk to. My two closest friends listen, but they are unsure of what to tell me. I cannot go to family. 

My job causes me quite a bit of stress and grief. There are many tasks to complete in a single day. I have numerous people that count on me so there is a lot of pressure to succeed. Despite being decent at what I do, sometimes I would like to simply disappear. However, this job pays better than other places around here and I do not have many choices as I live in a rural town. All the real opportunities are a few hours away and I don't have the finances to leave. 

The second source of my stress is school. I work full-time, I take classes full-time (they are online). I try my best to balance the two. I graduate in a year and a half with a bachelors. Ideally I would like to get a job in my field. 

My home life is not the greatest. My husband and I are separating. We still live together and financially support each other, but the situation is changing. To complicate matters, my mom also lives with us. I gave her a place to escape to when she was leaving an awful situation. I've let her live here without asking her to pay bills. She worries about the three bills of her own and that is it. Sometimes this feels like a mistake, because she gets terribly upset over small issues. Today, she threw a massive fit because I do not have cable anymore and she cannot watch football. I get so tired of being blamed for stupid shit. When I come home from work and I have a tiny bit of free time, I do not want to sit here and spend it getting screamed at. She's on the lease (stupid, I know). I can't simply kick her out and she's my mom.

Maybe I'm simply a wuss and I'm not cut out for any of this. I've had a lot of hurt in my life. I've told myself that I'm still quite young (only 24) and there's more to look forward to, but it's not working like it used to. I have a sense of dread every morning that I wake up. I'm not happy. Things that used to make me happy no longer make me happy. I know I'm depressed. I cannot think of a way to get myself out of this situation, if that's even possible. I don't know how to make the best of this. I am way too young to feel this hopeless about my life.