I'm not fit for this worldFor the past two or three years I've been suicidal. I'm on drugs which i keep fooling myself into thinking they work but in reality I still think about how easy it would be to just let go. How the world wouldn't be impacted at all. Because I know deep down that im not fit for this world, I'm not strong enough to continue, let alone succeed. I went in for an application today and I probably won't fill it out because I cant socially function well enough to get through a job interview. I've been scraping at the bottom of the barrel grades-wise for the past 4 years, only passing because the only thing I'm good at is taking tests. And even that hurts me, because that just gives my parents too high of an expectation. "Why did you fail this marking period, you're a genius" "I know you can do better maybe if you weren't so lazy". I've heard it all too many times, and frankly i can't take it anymore. I can't live up to the "genius" expectations I somehow got put into. I can't just do what everyone else can. "You're not exempt from homework, you're not special, you're just like everyone else, you don't get special treatment". This is what puts me over the edge, I've never asked for special treatment nor will I. I just know that I'm not going to make something of myself, I just can't, I'll admit I'm a cesspool of potential but i just can't push myself to succeed. I do ok, just ok. "adequate" even. But even I know that all the special innovations that can be made are already being made by scientists around the world and I'm not in a position to be able to just fail high school and invent something amazing. I just know i can't. So whats the point? As of now I'm seen as a good person, someone who's decent, and might be able to do well, and be successful. But that all disappears once i start failing. Because I know it will..... Eventually. And in that moment alone I will be seen in the lowest regard I ever have been. I'll be shut out from society, not helped, all because "I can do it I'm just being lazy", and that's all it boils down to. I'm just seen as someone who can do it  just too lazy. Well I can't, i can't just magically turn myself around, there is no drug, nothing that can just magically make me put effort into things that matter most. So why continue and ruin what I am already? Because as of right now I'm missed by coaches i quit on because they saw potential in me. I'm seen as a great student by some teachers, and the others still see me in a high regard. But over time I'll be seen as a lost cause, someone who can't be saved. And if there is anything i don't want to be, is forgotten, this note isn't going to be seen by any of my peers because I don't know how they will react to seeing a different side of me. It wont be seen by my parents because they'll admit me to a fucking mental institution, again. And neither of those options help my situation, so I'll leave it to the non judgmental things that I know of, my therapist and reddit. Now I know that may be seen as ridiculous but I feel like if i get input from people all around the world who may be struggling or struggled with the situation I'm in, I'll make it through just one more day. Because in the morning after a long nights sleep I'll forget this, but these feelings don't go away forever. It happens out of nowhere, an ex accidentally sends you a text, you realize that you haven't been in an actual relationship in months, and the person you've been talking to for those months you can't even call your girlfriend. But you keep trying and can't move on because she is all you have left. The only friend who would've understood what you're writing you pushed away. And all the others would just socially avoid me in fear they would do something to make me kill myself. And i can't live like that, not now, not when my family is struggling the most they ever have. And I can't weigh them down. It's selfish to make them have to be worried about me contently and not be able to focus on whats important because all I am is a lost cause, just waiting to be forgotten.