Was thinking about ending it yesterdayHello sorry for the long story,

I work in solo IT and I think about suicide fairly often. When you have a job that requires you to do so much for so little it becomes almost unbearable. It comes and goes for me but I just try to look at the positives in life. I think people will miss me if i'm gone. Even if there was only one person that would be affected, I can't hurt that person. There's a multitude of assholes in the world right now. Tons. Do you want those assholes to win? There needs to be a balance. That's my drive to keep going.

The biggest factor for me was weed. It was clouding my judgment and causing me to just not give a shit about anything. Including life. I started smoking again due to work and it's bringing back those same painful feelings I once had. About life, family, age, relationships. I just stay at home and play video games all day. I didn't want to interact with anyone because I don't see the point. That's no way to live. I'm catching on to this and i'm trying to better myself as a person. I try to be more positive, even though it's hard sometimes. People don't like it when you're happy. At least from my experience, they will try to just shit on your parade if you are. Not everyone, just some. 

Regardless, I want to say people saw that in me and they too turned happy. I try to bring out the happiness in others. It's hard sometimes when you're not feeling happy as well. Just know, I get it. I felt the pain and it's really dark sometimes. It almost feels like quicksand. I just felt like I was sinking deeper and deeper into parts of my mind that I did not like. 

I got a dog named Lily. Even though she can't understand me. I like talking to her. She's my best friend. 

Despite all of this, I realize that this will be a constant struggle. Deep down? Maybe I am depressed. I don't want to portray that though. I try to be positive so that way people around me can feel it as well. If I can make 1 other person not feel like shit today then dammit i'll do it. Even if it means complimenting them for something minor or liking their facebook post. Anything. Just a simple Hi will be better than nothing. 

My childhood sucked (molested), High School (bullied), College (Shit degree that means nothing), Adult (Working more hours then needed). Relationships (lol). List goes on. Back when I was sad, I only kept thinking about the negatives. It was not healthy. Now my way of thinking is that this is the hand I got dealt. I could complain, but that wouldn't change anything for me and I would still remain sad. I needed to drive the change and own it. 

Anyway, Sorry for the long text. Just needed to put this out there because I felt like ending it yesterday. The feeling is gone now i think, but fuck that was scary.