I wish I had the strength to end itI wish I had the courage to go ahead and just end my life. I used to be so happy and healthy and full of life, but the past 2 years of my life have been absolute hell. Every morning I wake up with extreme nausea because I’m so anxious. I cry daily because of how awful I feel all the time. My mind tells me constantly throughout the day how worthless and ugly and stupid I am. I can’t escape my thoughts. I always think worst case scenario and I can never believe that I do a good job at anything. I have intrusive thoughts and annoying compulsions due to OCD like wearing a certain bracelet on my left wrist otherwise I’ll be fired. I’m exhausted just keeping up with half of the compulsions I have to just make it through the day. I find myself wishing I would get hit by a semi truck or that I would just die in my sleep. I have a fiancé who is everything to me and he is my main reason that I’m even still here, and 3 cats who adore me, but even they can’t help me through this, and I wouldn’t expect them to. Everyone tells me it will get better. Maybe it will, but how far away from now? Years? I don’t have much left in me. I’ve let myself go completely, I haven’t seen a doctor or dentist or anything in years because I’m finding it hard to care about me anymore. I have a lingering fear that something is horribly wrong with me or that I’ll never be able to have kids because I haven’t seen a doctor in so long I’ve probably had some illness or disease this whole time. I want my loved ones to be happy, but I see myself as a lost cause. I never went to college like I should have, I have a job that seems great on the surface but in reality this job was the start to my hell and it has destroyed me as a person. and now I’ve gained at least 60 plus pounds to the point where I don’t even recognize myself in the mirror, all I see is a sad, disgusting, worthless person who shouldn’t exist. I don’t want to hurt like this anymore but I can’t bring myself to just do it because it would be devastating for my family. I’m stuck doing this until my life is done running it’s course. I wish I was stronger.