I don't know what to do...A few years ago, I was at the point where I was ready to sell everything I had that didn't fit in a backpack, quit my job, and jump on my motorcycle with no particular destination in mind. 

Shortly after I got to this point and before I followed through with my plan, I met the woman who became my wife. She is amazing, but also very easy to piss off. As of late I have felt like I am walking on eggshells constantly to avoid a fight. There is no in between with her when it comes to her being angry. She is either the happiest most loving person in the world or screaming hysterically and wanting me to take her to the airport. 

This has worn on me greatly over the last 6 months and, in all honesty, I have started to have ever so brief moments in the heat of a fight where I regret my decision to marry her. Even that thought crossing my mind worries me, but that is another issue all together.

More concerning than this for me is that, during our fights she backs me into a corner by twisting what I do say, or putting words in my mouth. I have started to feel like I am literally losing my mind, I feel like all of the fights are my fault, and that I have done something wrong even when I haven't. 

If I leave to give her space and get some of my own, she will take off walking with just a backpack and no money or anything with her. When I stay, things just continue to escalate to the point where she is screaming hysterically at the top of her lungs at me. I am honestly surprised the cops haven't been called. The last several times this has happened I have had extremely dark thoughts and tried to act on a few of them (self harm, never laid a finger on her and never would), but I always...for lack of a better way of putting it, wuss out typically right before I do any real harm to myself. 

I feel trapped, and don't see any other options. We are expecting our first child, and this has complicated matters even more. I feel like the only solution I am left with is removing myself from the picture permanently. At least with the life insurance I know my child would be taken care of... Even as I type this the only real thought I am having is that I need to make sure it looks like an accident.