amputation got me suicidalHonestly, there's times where I really question humanity, the way your value can drop faster than the market, the way jokes and bs is allowed for us. I lost my penis to penile cancer which is very rare, but nope, it had to be me ofc. I'm just 21 and this happened about 2 years ago, never even got laid because I focused on studies and working because my mom has congestive heart failure so I take care of her and me as well, my father left us when I was 4 after a string of abuse and thus moved to USA. I haven't killed myself simply for the fact I take care of my mom and It hurt me to see her die off alone with stangers. I've been laughed at in my face, I've been ridiculized and when it comes to being male a defected penis or not having one basically means you are the worlds laughing stock and not even women have an ounce of empathy to our cases. I'l never have a family, this one time I talked to this girl and when I told her my problem before we ever got too comfortable she pretty much said ''oh wow so that means your not a real man???'' yeah what a way to just kill my last pebble of any hope I have. you start to realize also that body positivity is really only for women, I've literally been thrown under the bus by obese women who society has given confidence enough to make fun of my problem but god forbid I think shes fat. I'm pretty much told that I can be made fun of, but since I dont have a penis I cant make fun of others. eternal loneliness with constant responsability isn't worth it, responsability is only valuable when the return is good yet in my case im just responsable so I can live alone, I'm responsable yet still be everyones joke. I'm literally vied as not even human, but a defected being that no longer serves any meaningful purpose other than to serve with nothing in return. I've been told to never chase a girl bcs she even of she accepts it, she will cheat on me at some point and if we want babies, I have to use someelses sperm and thats being a ''cuckold''...others have adviced to literally change my gender...others to just live alone. life is beyond shit to me, I still have to work in the most depressive state, take care of my dying mother in the most depresive state and the same time takes societies acceptable small or no penis jokes like its nothing, I'll still have to have women laugh in my face, inevitable cheating while they completely ignore the total nightmare my life is. the biggest lie humanity sold us is that you could be loved the same as a defected person, that somehow genes and life circumstances don't matter. like a girl told me once ''you will find someone, thing is your gonna have to let her have an open relationship''....that doesn't sound like you could be loved the same