I'm so fed up of my own brain (help getting meds)to preface, this is my first reddit post so I have no idea what im doing... anyway

Not going to give away too much info but i'm 18, live in the UK and in college

After probably years of being depressed (since the start of high school) I finally got the courage to go to the doctor's, I told her my situation: miserable, not enjoying anything, history of self harm, shitty family life and she gave me a form to fill out to send away for counselling. Come back a couple of weeks later, see another doctor since first one got transferred, he basically tells me I'm just an introverted and if I get some exercise I'll be fine (even though I tell him I've tried exercising regularly before and it hasn't made a difference, he doesn't really listen) tells me that he COULD just give me antidepressants and send me "on my way" but what good would that do and that I don't need counselling (though I'd already sent away the application so nothing he can do about that).

Finally start the counselling after the two month wait, guy is nice enough but makes me feel very uncomfortable, I tell him my situation and he agrees that yes I do in fact need counselling, and that I do have Aspergers even though I was told that I don't which is just frustrating and... can no one be honest with me. It's not been much help and I'm really at my wits end, I enjoy nothing, college is a waste of time, I can't deal with the constant headaches and lack of motivation to do anything anymore, I'm deteriorating like I normally do multiple times a year, with no one taking me seriously and I'm just done going through this cycle all the time with nothing to pull me out of it. I KNOW that I NEED medication but no one listens to me and I'm terrible at explaining myself to people and I'm just tired of fighting and getting nowhere. 

Had to let out some anger there... anyway I'm thinking of doing something this weekend, not sure whether it's going to be a full on attempt, a half assed one or just getting blackout drunk enough for someone to take me seriously. I'm just fed up, for years I've been thinking of attempting but waiting for things to either get better or for me to get better and neither has happened and honestly what's there to loose at this point?

I've bought a shit ton of envelopes and I'm going to start writing out my letter's to my loved ones today and just try to power through to the weekend because I am at a loss.

I could write a lot more but it would just be a waste of time so I guess this will do, sorry it's such a messy post I just, fuck I don't know. If anyone knows if there's a way for me to be taken seriously and get medication I'd appreciate it if you'd let me know, otherwise fuck it I can't  deal with being awake anymore.
