Being a soft boy and in love (21 M)All 3 of my relationships with girls have all been a “I’m not ready yet” situation which has resulted in me being incredibly hurt with the first two using me for attention and then the third one... it really was a true love at the start she was so perfect to me as she said I was to her. I’ve never seen anyone as beautiful has her and I told that at the very start and I meant it. Never having dated anyone as I was raised by a dad that was never there and had a broken marriage. My mum did everything for me for way too long and gave me no critical thoughts and has just always been weak. Amongst other issues but this being one of the most major has lead to me being a failure when it comes to anything to do with expressing myself in a way I know is not going to make me look dumb, feeling like I’ve got an identity and just self value. 

Somehow I found myself as apprentice zoo keeper working with giraffes and camels it’s great and I’ve met the most amazing people at the zoo and I’d love for it to be long term. But I know I’m shit at it at least compared to others. Being raised to not be engaged with anything at all asides video games has given me a very smooth brain and all though I have an excellent gift for art even tho I never practiced anywhere in my life it just nature. I’m even good looking not to sound egotistical, I’ve got dark hair, blue eyes, 50 pence jawline and I can go a beard better than pretty much anyone my age. 

Anyway the love I’ve just experienced with the third girl was like no other and she was so much by her ex and we had some amazing amazing times together and she fell for me but it all happened so fast for her so many emotions conflicted and I found myself in the class “I’m not ready yet” but I thought to myself third time is the charm and this girl is the nicest, most giving and beautiful girl ever even if her complex emotions leads to my hopeful demise. Amongst everything else of-course.  In my head I know I want to end it all never having a girl like her again as emo and classic it sounds but what I said about first meeting her and truly being in awe about her like NEVER before and it never will happen again. I know it won’t, not many girls can tattoo themselves, have bright dyed red half dreads and have the most stunning figure you can ever imagine, combined with the most giving personality. I could just explain how perfect she was too me forever and how perfect I was to her but something went wrong along the way after we shared a spiritual trip together if you get my drift and I ended up letting the water works flow after the most amazing weekend with her. It scared her and my soft boy core on that day I’m convinced ruined the chances as I was more into it than she was even if she has said the most reassuring things to me through out our time together whilst also telling me to not get attached? Surely you can’t tell a guy who you know feels this strongly about you “my three favourite men all on my bed. my cat, my dog and you”.  I go home next morning wanting to organise another day with her at some point taking her to a huge garden center (gardening has really healed her and I wanted to get her something nice) and then take her kayaking afterwards. By the way we went to a garden center together on that day and she said I should choose some cheap flowers that she can call the (my name) flowers. So I spent some time looking for the perfect flowers, I went for a big £16 pot of some kind of yellow bell flower I knew she’d like in the end. Turns out they were the exact flowers she wanted a week previous but found to be too expensive, out of the whole center and I chose them. Really made my love feel more real and she put them in a nice pot and stuck a heart in the pot with the first letter of my name on it. 

You can imagine how confusing it was to me when I go home and try to organise another day with her and she shys away from the idea, for a few days I try organising something with her and she just isn’t really very responsive, she lets me know that after months of torment from her incredibly abusive ex she gets the police involved. I give her space, no pressure from me. Over 10 days and no message sent from either of us but I was expecting her to get back to me eventually right? Well I match with her on tinder for a 4th time and this time her bio says she wants to be loved, she covered her matching tattoo of her ex so I felt safe to assume this must be the reach out to me. I’m the only guy ever she’s had something with on tinder and the previous two times there was a kind of drama going on her bio was always about wanting just friends. So this felt different.  It wasn’t so i decided to send the message and it was firm because I have done all I can for so long she knows how much I love her and she’s asking for love In her bio. Turns out the match meant fuck all to her and she’s trying to fall for someone again like she did me at the start, but as I said it won’t work like that not after what she’s been. Too many emotions like she had with me. Either way anything I really said was replied with “sorry, I dunno” and just generally empty stuff, I really felt like she could give me some energy after everything we’ve been through together but nah. 

Anyway I don’t know if this the kind of thing that people write on this part of Reddit but there’s still so many more details to the whole thing. I’ve never wrote much and expressed myself like this I’m just writing what my brain thinks and hopefully it translated to your brains somewhat clearly. My plan is to lay neck across a rail track because every other way seems way too painful but I’m scared I’ll pussy out, I know I want this and writing it makes it feel even more of a real, calm and conscious decision. My life was meant to start next week by finally escaping my broken family’s vice and move out. but honestly I’m so hurt by everything that’s happened to me for literally being the nice guy you could say and my shit up bringing as privileged  with money as it was, it just made it worse in a lot of ways. 

I’m not gonna re-read this I’m just writing what comes out. But I love the people that have been closest to me and that have been nice to me. More than anything though despite the hurt I’ve received I love her. And maybe I could love someone else but if she’s not the one, she’s the one that got away if you get what I mean. And she always will be, hurts so much to say that and I hope I follow through with the train track idea I really do.  Still got 4 days left at work so hopefully then I’ll do it. I hate my soft boy personality and I’m just so hurt throughout my whole life, I know there are people that are more hurt than I. Maybe even her but I’ve still always done my best to give people positive energy and I’m just too weak of a guy to deal with all of this.

Any questions as blunt as they are I’m happy to answer, no idea if this will just get buried under more walls of text or if people see it. Who knows maybe it will help me if I meet some people, it’s not like I want to want to die because I know it’ll hurt people especially her. But I just want out. Thanks for reading this it felt like an SA to me, my high school grades basically spelled out fudge.