Just had an argument with my dad, he yelled at me that the reasons I want to die is completely my fault. Now I'm edging on suicide once again.I'm extremely shaken up from this and I'm bordering on suicide. I was at home trying to set up my new humidifier when my dad came in and started getting mad at me for where I was trying to put it. I got a bit angry and we started to yell at each other and it kept getting worse. He was telling me everything was my fault in the argument and why my life is shit. He kept saying bad shit about me and how I'm disrespecting him and being a terrible person. I told him ive been doing horribly and this is only making me worse,  and he said he didn't care. If you want please read my other posts to this sub and similar ones. I've past my breaking point and the only reason I haven't offed myself is because I still care for my friends. My life is shit and from the moment I can remember to now it's always been abuse, arguments and yelling, depression, or multiple. I've been to the psych ward, been on meds, talked to councillors, I've tried every fucking thing to make my life or emotions better,  nothing works. Im close to being homeless again and I can't fucking take this. I'm gonna move back in with my mom and hope she won't become physically abusive again. I have a GoFundMe but with my last 2 I know it will never go anywhere, I guess I'm just hopelessly hopeful, and please please don't take that as a "pity me" thing, I don't expect money from people and I'd never want to pressure anyone to do really anything. Fuck my life. I never hurt a soul and I do my best to try to make everyone feel good and happy and all I get is fucking hell from life and my parents. I'm gonna start up my note tonight. I've already got a couple plans that won't fail as well. I'm just hoping for a light at the end of the endless tunnel, it's becoming dim. I feel almost bad for posting here so much and not getting better or dying. I feel like my life is just to suffer as I try to help others until I eventually die from suicide or a hate crime. Life is shit and I hate how it treats myself and good people like this.

I'm sorry if I sounded like an ass or like I was talking so good about myself, Im far from someone with a bug ego or anything. I honestly feel like a bad person for his post, I truly hope I don't come across angry or mean :( I'm just in an extremely agitated state and my mind is going insane &gt;.&lt; Heck last night I was crying because I thought I'd never sound or look pretty enough to feel good or pass (MtF)

Thank you for reading, kind people. 
