I can't go on like this anymoreI’m not ok right now. I’m just not. I’m on the point of breaking, the only thing holding me back is my own laziness. Kinda funny isn’t it? here I have been fantasizing about killing myself for a few hours (as I have done before) and feeling like I was on the brink of doing it, when the thought of me having to clean up some of the shit I have in my room stops me. I’ve have done this a few times before. My own disgusting laziness stopping me from the final act. Who knows, maybe ill still do it, maybe ill gather enough energy to clean up and do it. cause I’m tired, tired of it all. Usually when I get this far into the suicidal thoughts, its based on pure emotion from events in my life, but this time its different. This time I’ve actually just thought about it rationally as a good decision for me. I guess that could kinda be described as when you tell yourself that “I will stay up for 24 hours” and try to hold to it. But then hour 20 comes around, and hey, that pledge isn’t that big of a deal, its fine, just go to sleep, and you rationalize that breaking what you said isn’t that big of a deal. Well, my brain is rationalizing killing myself, because I’m so tired of life, and want the relief of death. I’m tired of so much. I’m tired of the constant migraines I get everyday (including the one I have while writing this currently), I’m tired of trying so hard to be a good friend, only to be treated like trash, I’m tired the amount of work I’m always constantly piled under, and even though I try my best, it never is enough. I’m tired of my parents not understanding what I’m going through even though I have tried to explain for years, and them taking away the only thing that keeps me sane (the internet, YouTube mostly) as a punishment for my attitude of my grades. I’m tired of the fights, I’m tired of the panic attacks I get, but also a bit thankful of them because they are the only other thing that I feel except the depression, I’m tired of having to constantly put up a mask around everyone, as to not upset them because I’m depressed.