A Hard LookI am not here looking for help or advice, but to express my thoughts and concern behind the veil of anonymity of the internet.

Today when I was walking home from work, I found my mind looking up and subconsciously identifying spots where I could hang myself from. This scared me, so much so that I decided to put some of my thoughts down in print. Here my mind is having thoughts I never thought it would have; but this isn't a spur of the moment feeling either, but rather a steady rise of this feeling over the past few years that I never stepped up to to take control of: growing from staying in my room not talking to anyone for a day, to contemplating running away for some time, to thinking of permanently running away and changing my name, to this rather scary state over roughly the past four years.

For my entire life I've held the mindset of, “No matter if life is good or bad, this is your life. Live it, learn from it.” So to find myself having such dark thoughts scares me, so now I seek to put my thoughts and plans in written form to hopefully regain my happier self.

About four years ago I encountered a stressful stint, not nearly as stressful as some people have experienced, but enough for me to become anxious and be down on myself. Though I identified my pitfalls immediately, I approached it from a victim's perspective and looked for pity and forgiveness. I also didn't seek support from my family and friends, but rather lead them to believe everything was fine.

Through all my excuses and lies, I've come to learn that taking the role of a victim stops one from their success. They look for others to forgive your mistakes, but this only lasts for so long. I found myself skirting responsibilities in hopes of others forgiving me, but in the end I never accomplished anything as I sat back looking for hand-outs. This only lead me to feel worse as I watched things slip away from me, yet I continued to try drum up sympathy for myself.

Now my goals seem drastically further away than they once were. I find myself lonely with no one to express my thoughts, concerns, goals, or fears with. I am finding it hard to fall asleep for the first time in my life, and so I'm keeping myself awake to the point of exhaustion or drinking copious amounts of alcohol. My meals have become a single sandwich at 3:00am so I don't have to be seen by my roommate.

This is not healthy. This is not how you pull yourself out of a rut. This is how to slide further down a dark alley you don't want to be in.

I need to call and tell my family them the truth about my current status. They won't be happy, in fact they will be quite angry and this scares me, then I won't have to continue this exhaustive lie so that maybe I can sleep at night. And maybe I can rebuild my relationship with them with enough time.

I need to talk with my few resilient friends and let them know I've been feeling really down. Then I won't have to eat by myself or feel shamed for being seen.

I need to only drink (lightly) when I'm with friends and stop drinking by myself alone to get drunk. Then I won't wake up feeling terrible and depressed.

I need to eat healthier. The money I save from not buy alcohol can be used to fruits and vegetables and meats.

I need to set some reasonable goals I can complete within a day. To have a clean room and apartment, or doing laundry feels good and is easily rewarding.

I need to make a long-term plan. Just because my initial life-goal didn't play out as expected doesn't mean all plans should stop. You are never too old to dream.

If you read this, thank you. I don't have any intention of ever ending my own life, but I did need to stop and take a hard look at the mindset I've been putting myself in. I post here in hopes that others who feel they are heading down the same unhappy path as me can read it and start a better course before getting as far in as I have been. I don't think it'll be the easiest thing I've done and at times it'll be emotionally draining, but continuing onward as I have been is not a course I wish to be on anymore.