I just want to be gone.I’m 21. I graduated high school in 2015 and have done nothing with my life at all. I dropped out of two colleges right after high school and have been at home since then doing absolutely nothing. 

Had a few jobs but currently none. 

I hate myself. I hate my appearance. My life is going nowhere. I lost weight a year ago and gained some self confidence for the first time in a few years. But I gained it all back and then some. And idk if it was because of the 500 calorie a day diet I did for 4 months, but my hair thinned out like crazy. Even now, over a year after since eating back to normal, my hair has never recovered. My hairline is absolute shit and it looks like I have diffuse thinning on the top of my head and a little in the back of my head. 

This is such a major cause for my depression and wanting to die and I know it sounds so stupid. It’s just hair. There are SO many worse things in this world than balding. And I know people would wish their biggest problem is losing their hair. I know logically it’s stupid. But that doesn’t change how I feel. I had perfect hair and the straightest hair line, even in the beginning of 2017 my hair was great. Idk if it was the strict diet or just a coincidence, but now it looks horrible. 

I hate even typing this out because It sounds so idiotic and spoiled. But it kills me every time I look in the mirror or see a photo of myself. I even bought a wig that looked like shit. $200 down the drain. I’m too young for a hair transplant but started taking Propecia but don’t see any results. 

Aside from the head hair, is body hair. I’m ridiculously hairy and I hate it. My back, shoulders, neck, arms, chest are covered in hair (of course everywhere but my head lol) I am so self conscious of it. Even if I lose weight again I’ll never feel confident enough to take my shirt off in public at the beach or pool. I wish so so badly that I could just be like all those other guys my age and just take their shirt off and jump in the pool. I don’t go to the pool or beach but if I do, I’m wearing a shirt. And it just makes me look like a fat potato. 

I’ve gotten a dozer laser hair removal treatments that aren’t doing shit. Idk what to do if laser doesn’t work. Electrolysis is an option but it’s crazy expensive and will take legit years. I don’t see any other guys my age will more back hair than grown ass men. I hate it. 

I was thinking of going back to school and found a college I think I might like but I was thinking if I start in fall or 2019 I’ll be 22 by then and a freshman. I’ll feel so old. Everyone else is graduating college at 21/22 and I’ll just be starting. I feel like it’s too late for me to even go back and try because of my age. I’ll be 26 (or even older) by the time I graduate. I don’t even know what the fuck I wanna study. I’m not passionate about anything. I don’t care about anything. I’m not good at anything. I don’t want to do anything. All I want to do is sleep all day and not leave the house. I just am so close to taking a handful of pills and going to sleep in the bathtub. No one believes that I’ll actually commit suicide but I really am thinking about it. I’m so unhappy with my life and my self that I just want it ended. 

I’m sorry if I sound stupid and spoiled and inconsiderate. There’s people who can’t afford food, people that are homeless, people who have cancer, people that are paralyzed in wheel chairs and here my stupid fucking ass is complaining about going bald and having body hair. Wtf am I? I wanna punch myself for being a dick. Those people would love to be healthy again and I feel selfish wanting to die when others just want to live. 

I can lose weight again. I can try getting electrolysis. But my hair is screwed. Everyone said to just shave it. Be bald. But I don’t want to. It’ll make me look older and I don’t want that. It’s funny. I wanted to be an actor (yeah yeah I know. I got accepted into an acting school in New York but i don’t even want to go anymore. I can’t be an actor bald and hairy and fat. Even if I lost weight, what 21 year old is gonna even make it with a receding hairline and a gorilla back? 

I even considered trying to transition to be a girl because I read that taking those hormones can stop body hair and help head hair grow. That’s how fucking insane I am. I was seriously considering changing my gender because of hair. I AM gay. But I don’t wanna be a girl. I don’t want boobs or a vagina. I want to be a guy. I just want to look different.

I’m too much of a pussy to cut my wrists. I don’t like pain but I want to end this. I wish I could give my life to someone that deserves and wants to live. Idek if I can donate my organs because who knows how long my body will be sitting by the time my dad goes upstairs to see what I am. 

I’m sorry and I don’t think anyone is gonna read this fucking sob story essay but I just wanted to get it all out. 