I'm not enough(Note: it's a long post. But then it's mainly just for me to get my thoughts out, I don't actually expect anyone to read this)

Well, I've attempted to kill myself as a teenager and evidently that never worked, my parents don't even know about the attempts. I've suffered with depression for years, but it only got diagnosed a year or two ago. The meds helped for a while and I'm incredibly thankful to him because he helped me get help, and I'm thankful to his family for always being supportive too. Honestly, I felt much better than I have in years and I definitely felt I was at my happiest, sure I had bad days, but honestly I've never had happier days, so I didn't think these dark thoughts would come back. I know I'm an overthinker but it's not been this bad in a very long time.

I guess I'll skip to why I just don't want to live. A month ago it marked a year since I lost my cousin, and it hurts knowing I'll never see them again, it's weird not seeing you at family meet ups, it's weird not having someone tell me all the amazing new cool places to eat. It's weird not having you tell me to get my arse in gear and go reach all the life goals I've always spoken about. It's weird not having you around and having laughs and deep but silly conversations and it's weird not being able to cheer you on through life. May you rest in peace my lovely.

A few days after the anniversary of my cousin's death, the person I was with for almost three years ended it. I was at my absolute happiest with him.  Its okay if he's happier with someone else, that's okay, I just wish I was told that as opposed to being told that the relationship ran it's course. I'm glad he looks happy, and I really do hope he is. I genuinely wish him all the best in life and I pray he finds all the happiness and love that he needs and deserves in life. I'm sorry I wasn't enough and I'm sorry that I don't know why I'm not enough. I honestly did try my best for you, and I genuinely do love you and care for you and I always will. I do wish you gave it the try like you said you would, I would've been able to stay the weekends and be able to spend more time, I'm just sorry things ended the day after my last ever weekend shift. I'm sorry me working 9-5 and you working evening/late shifts took its toll. Though I only had my full time job for like a month at the time, so I still wish you gave it a chance. But I guess I just wasn't enough for you, I guess life just throws weird obstacles. I thought we would stay friends at the very least, you said you didn't wanna cut me out your life and that we'd stay friends but it feels like you don't actually want to stay friends with me. Breakups are hard and I've never experienced them previously, but the feelings you're left with are unreal. Because you have all this love and care for someone but theres nothing you can do with it. But then you're also left with all the hurt and the thinking and the not knowing.

I guess that's the next thing, it's the not knowing why I wasn't enough and the constant replay of the day things ending in my head. It's looking back and seeing nothing but good memories and wondering where it went wrong, did I do something wrong? Am I a bad person? I hope I'm not the bad guy in your side of the story, but if I am for whatever reason, I really am sorry. Just know that you're not the bad person in mine. I guess life is just difficult. But why was I not enough? I suppose if you move on instantly with someone else, it's because they're better. And that's okay, people will be better than me, nobody is perfect. But I guess in my head it's not about being better, it's about loving the person you said you loved. I guess I wasn't enough of a person to love. Im sorry for that. I'm sorry I wasn't good enough and I'm sorry I don't have whatever it is she does. It's the constant overthinking and wondering that's killing me the most. It's the constant feeling of emptiness despite doing everything I can to keep myself busy and fill my days with whatever I can.

The next thing is this, I lost the person I love, so I lost my best friend. But I also lost all the friends I had who live in his house, because nobody is going to want to hang out with his ex when hes with someone else because maybe that's a tad awkward. Or maybe they just don't want to be my friends anymore, I really don't know. But again, know I'll always be your friend too guys. Am I just holding onto friendships that don't exist anymore? I sure hope not. I guess that's where the loneliness kicks in, I don't have anyone in my life anymore. And my own family don't exactly talk much, they're not very social, they just like to do their own thing, and hell, they don't even do much themselves. So even when I'm home, it's just lonely here too. And that leads me onto the next thing, his family always treated me like family, they were super caring and loving and I've lost that too.

I like work, but not enough to have it be the only thing I wake up for, don't get my wrong, it's nice knowing I have my degree and Ive started the having a career journey, but it shouldn't be the only reason I'm alive. Life is not all about work. Work, gym, running, polefit and playing video games can't be the only reason I'm alive. Sure, I see my friends back home every now and again, but they all live all over the country because of uni or jobs, so I don't really see anyone as often as we'd like to. So again, the loneliness kicks in.

I don't see myself making more friends and it's not because I don't want to. It's because I don't know how, I've joined all these new club things and I'm trying to be more social, and I just can't seem to make friends, everyone seems happy with the friends they already have. You can't really make friends at the gym, it's a gym. Polefit is super fun, but nobody hangs out with anyone outside of polefit. I run alone. And I don't have people who want to play video games with me online, so I play the video games alone.

Everything just seems to hit me like a brick lately, I keep thinking I should feel somewhat okay by now, or at least feel a little more like myself and I dont. Each day I feel all the more empty and feel less like a person and more like an empty void coasting through life. I'd love to share life with someone one day, I'd like to travel with them, have pets, enjoy life, possibly have a farm if I win the lottery, but I don't think I could do this whole relationship thing again, I don't even feel like I can get over this. Sure it might stop hurting eventually, but I don't think I could do it again. And either way, I don't see anyone ever truly falling in love with me. And sure I can do all those things by myself, but it's not the same is it!? I can drink coffee by myself, but it sure as hell doesn't feel as good as when I used to drink coffee or tea with him.

I guess the not wanting to live anymore comes down to a combination of feeling empty, alone and not good enough, and it just makes me want to disappear.  I suppose it's also the fear of not knowing what my life will entail, and it's the fear that the very few people I have, will leave too. That's not even a fear I ever had, but now I do, I fear everyone I know or that I meet will just leave me in some way. I will never be enough. I don't necessarily want to die, but I don't want to be alive right now. If I were to die, id like it to be outdoors, somewhere peaceful surrounded by nature. I don't know how I'd do it, I just know it'd be somewhere surrounded by nature, no people, nobody to witness it, nobody to get hurt by it. Just peace, I never want to cause anyone pain. I wouldn't want anyone to know I killed myself or that I died.

And if that day ever comes just know that I'm sorry and that it was never anyone's fault. I just couldn't take the feelings anymore. I'm thankful for everyone I've ever met, I'm thankful for everything everyone has ever done for me. But this choice isn't a reflection of how people are to me. It's just that my mind has never been kind to me when I'm truly alone, even when I try my hardest to help it get better. 

I hope that whoever see's this, if you're feeling like taking your own life, please know that you are enough no matter what you're going through. And I honestly hope your mind is kinder to you than I am to myself. Please take care of yourself. Have a coffee, read a book, go for a stroll, breathe the fresh air, or if you're like me and love fish, look at your fish tank or go to an aquarium or watch blue planet by David Attenborough. Relax, and enjoy life, and please know that you are enough and you deserve to live.