It'll be over soon. Won't it?Its 3:15AM as I am writing this, lonely, in my dark room where i spend all of my day playing videogames. I don't have any friends that would ask if I'm alive, doing okay or anything, they just dont give a fuck. But maybe that's good for me, maybe I was meant to be lonely for all time in my life? Maybe It's time to end it, nobody would notice. Everything would keep going just like it was before. No friends, no people who would notice that this fucker disappeared, maybe ask him if everything's allright? Hell no, why the fuck would you do that??? Just start fucking ghosting on me bitch, don't respond to my fucking messages, only when you need something be like "Hey buddy whatsup asdfasdfasd-.fASDF" always the same shittttttt, just why the fuck can't you just send me a message like once a year or anything like whats up bitcH? Is it too hard to ask??? Like fucking hell, nobody would notice if i just disappeared for like 10years then come back, they wouldn't remember me after 1st day of disappearing anyways. Maybe I should just try to disappear? Well I don't know whats the best thing to do yet, but I can't keep going on for a long time anymore, It's been too fucking much for me, I've been through all this shit, for no reason, I'm just here to waste electricty and water... Playing videogames for up to 20hours a day, or sleeping up to 16hours a day..... Seems like what everybody does, right? No. Nobody is so fucking dumb, to play videogames for 20hours, except me I guess. I'm that type of guy, trying to find fun in anythinggggg but.. I just can't find anything fun, fun is not existant, I can't find joy in anything, like how is this shit possible that its 3:22AM and I've cried 4times? I don't know man, doesn't sound like a happy "life". I don't know when it'll happen and what'll happen but something'll happen I know that. It's kinda funny, kinda sad, whatever you want to call it. I don't know for how long I'm still here, but I'm out of the game soon. I didn't asked to be born, so please, if I die, don't born again because the same shit will go down, and it isn't fun. It can be very painful at times, it sucks having nobody to talk to, except typing on reddit to some random people, who I never knew, they never knew me either, so It's kinda fucked up, but what else could I do? Parents hate me, no friends, nobody to talk to, I probably can't talk to people out on here since anxiety, but I just need to type this out of me, because it's a really bad feeling, but It's what it is. Bye. Thanks for reading, but I hope you didn't waste your time doing so. (Sorry for my bad English, I'm from Europe, so English isn't my main language.)