My suicide noteI’m not sure if I’ll die tonight but there’s a good chance I hope that my note resonates with some of you. I might not know you all but I wish you well and wish you all overcome this curse. 


I overdosed today I just took 12 painkillers and plan to chug as much alcohol as I can. First off I’m sorry to have caused so much inconvenience and I’ve come to the conclusion that I should’ve never been born I simply was not meant to live and that reason and that reason alone is why I did this. I’m thankful that I was able to experience love both for my friends who I know will love beautiful fulfilling lives . To my sister I’m sorry I won’t get to see your wedding and be there for all your great moments I hope you know you’re the first person I’ve ever chosen to love thank you for growing up with me. For my partner who I never thought I’d ever find. Thank you for showing me that perfection exists and I know my soul whether it continues on or not will always continue to love you. I’m sorry that I never gave what could’ve been a beautiful future together a real chance and I only hope you can understand why. If other parallel universes exist I hope that there is one where we truly lived happily ever after. We’re the only fairy tale I could ever believe in. You’ll always be my soulmate baby. I love you what I’ll miss most about this world is how beautiful I think you truly are. My love, my life I sincerely apologize. You will be my final thought, out hands clasped together and peace felt when our lips meet. I’ll never leave you my beautiful soul. I am also sorry that I will never be able to help another life or experience having a child because I know I’d try to be the best mother I could and if you exist in another reality know that even this version of me loves you very much. And to my cat I’m sorry that I’ll never be able to pet you again I hope you understand how much I love you too. To my parents I’ve never had anything but love and admiration for you both and I’m deeply sorry for all the pain I have and will always cause. To life I’m sorry I failed you and I’m sorry I’ll never experience all the beautiful sorrow you had to offer. 