I just don't wanna live anymore, I don't, why do I have to?I know I should be happy that I have parents that wanna see me get better and didn't abuse me growing up, that I have a roof over my head with no worries of going hungry, but I just have never been able to be happy and connect with people like others. I almost always lose the friends I make, I can't feel remorseful or guilty over anything. The one girl in my life that didn't judge me for my opiate addiction (she didn't do drugs) was murdered and I could've prevented had I not been getting high blowing her off. My best friend killed in a car accident not so long after that following her mothers overdose from heroin because she couldn't take the loss of her daughter. Never liked myself in school and my peers always made sure to add there two cents everyday. Half way in my twenties now and spent the last decade abusing opiates and anything else so I don't even know how to function or be sober. Don't even wanna be sober, I hate it so god damn much it's misery... The last girl I started to fall for decided to tell me go her own way in a shit way after we blew off our sobriety attempt for some petty reasons which lead me into a drug run that lasted all the way into a life altering accident where I killed someone that's going to for sure land me in prison for 15 years (wasted my youth so far, why not piss away the rest with tax dollars) and marked a felon. I can't think of one possible reason to exist anymore. All I do is ruin peoples lives, scare them with my sociopathic anti social personality and now cost others there lives. The worlds better off without my breathing, it would be the one decent honorable thing I could do so nobody else has to endure the pain I will inevitably on them if they even remotely associate with me. Oblivion sounds better then pushing forward any further before I finally lose all connection to reality, and it's not like I'm schizo or something, I just feel myself losing every last bit of sanity. I don't wanna stop doing drugs, it's the only thing keeping me from opting out of life. With my incapability to study, work a solid job, soon to be convicted felon and total lack of desire to work on any part of myself anymore, someone please tell me how the fuck does someone like that with ZERO FUCKING HUMANITY LEFT IN THEM have a reason to live on? 

Oh I'm not ugly, I guess I got that going for me?.. All I ever wanted was to just have and take care of someone, to not be alone anymore. I've been alone all my life and it's just impossible to explain the type of pain it's left. To look at every passing moment go by, waiting for nothing, waiting for no one. So damaged that I can't even go out anymore to try because the rejection to does more harm then good. The only thing I'm thankful for is I don't have to die a virgin, that she at least gave me a chance... I'll die smiling I didn't have to leave this world completely abandoned of getting a glimpse of what it's like be a human being, to what it feels like to be with someone that wants to be apart of you. If only she knew how much it meant to me, maybe then she would've understood why I acted so fucking weird and didn't wanna let go. 

I dunno if I'll kill myself. I dunno if I'll bother keep on doing my sober campaign that's appeasing my asshole attorney and family. Everytime I try to tell people I'm fucked up in the head they don't wanna listen and tell me they don't believe me. Parents don't want me on medication and think it's just gonna lead to more drugs and the best part is if I take the scripts the psychiatrist and doctors in my IOP feel I desperately need they'll cut off my insurance... So I can't help myself even if I wanted too. 

My own desire, dream and wish now is for someone just to kindly to hold me, tell me everything is gonna be alright and shoot me. It's the only thing I think about anymore when I'm not running through the ten million things I could have done different to the last person I was with. It's all so clear now and each moment is shot of cringe now that I realize it... Who am I isn't the question anymore, it's what am I.

TL;DR- Spent half my life creating my own mental illness and destruction, the person responsible for an innocent life lost, prolly spending the next half in prison and have nothing to contribute to life. Can't possibly fathom living any longer stripped of humanity. 