Seriously contemplating death since a few weeksHi everyone  

  

First of all, obligatory throwaway.  

  

I left university in 2018 and decided to leave my west european country for an african one to find a job, which I did. I truly loved this whole situation, but I ended up burning out because of the sheer amount of required work for a shitty pay.  

  

After my burnout, I came back to my parents in Europe. And I'm back to round 1 now, except I had some time to think about my life and where I am at. It's not exactly a unique path I've taken. But here's the thing, I don't have any passion. I don't have any burning desire for anything. I started running a year ago before I was officially diagnosed with depression due to an excess of stress and a predisposition (I never liked to consider myself "depressed" but always felt that there was something I didn't have in life..).  It helps, but it's not enough, and before that I was never really sportive. It's more of a recreative thing.  

  

Back at University I took classes based on what I like - Languages, law, and further down the road I specialized in wine trade. Everything was fine until I realized all of them would lead me towards unaccomplishing jobs. If you thought wine is overrated, wait until you work there. Everybody becomes extremely uptight and overprotective of a label put on a bottle, which is, after all, just a drink. Same goes for tourism, event management... and for the latter you get to erase any boundaries between your professional and private lives, because of how weird the hours can get.

If it was just that, perhaps that would be fine - but people do it for shitty pay. You don't just get paid enough. Or rather, you get paid just enough. I am an extremely low maintenance person, so I started saving half of my salary every month. But for what? Any significant purchase like housing will never be in my reach. If I start buying a car, I will simply not be able to save anymore - be it to insure it, repair it and put fuel in it.   

  

So it just puts my salary in perspective. If I work my ass off to the point I destroy my mental health, I should at least get paid a respectable amount? Especially with my qualifications? (I am postgrad). So, if I don't , why would I work so much? But that's not how it works when you get some responsibilities.  

  

Because I travelled so much, I barely have any good friends left. To be honest, there's just my parents, who are the only people I really care about. But other than that, life is just taking me too much energy. I like running, but that's all I have left. I am not a good consumer, because I don't care about the latest high tech, equipment, food, I don't care about fashion..  

  

Obviously if I dig outside of my tiny bubble there's also the current environmental and political global issues.   

  

I'm not used to open up about this at all, it's probably the first time I ever do. But it's the first time that I actually consider killing myself. I have never really been afraid of the idea of being dead, more of the transition from life into death.  

  

I am under medication (10mg citalopram per day) since september but that doesn't seem to do anything. I'll sure go see somebody soon, but I obviously don't know what I'll ever be able to change in my life to change these things because of how much they define me..  

  

Thanks for reading. I hope this will come across somebody who experienced a similar thing. I would love to give my family grand kids but I can't wrap my head around dragging somebody into this mental state, let alone raising anybody.