i dont belong in this wourld.Hears my story and why i want to die Right now. i suck at english so most words will be wrong.   Ive tryed to type thhis out more then 3 times but i couldent say it in the right way so i will get straight to the point why i dont wanna live. im 14 and i dont wanna say my name. In primary school i was allways the bigger kid but i was also the youngest.. i had alot of friends in grade 2. but i got heled back a grade becuase i was to young. that ment that my firneds woudent be near me and i dint know anyone that i was put with. i got to know them we alll where friends we had a nice group of people i was realy happy :) there was this one kid who would call me fat and he was more popular then me. he took away most of my friends saying stuff like *Dont play with him hes fat* at that point i dint care mutch becuase i still had my best friends that i would go over to there house with. in the years that went past i was still bullied got worse and worse and i would get mad and i would hit them and get in lots of troble. in grade 6 near the end of the year i rly liked this 1 girl i actley Loved her she was amazing in all the ways. anyway thers alot more i can say about grade 6 i got in alot of troble with beeing a bullie even tho i was sticking up for myself. Grade 7 *highschool* the first day i went i was Fatter then ever over the holidays i got addicted to even more games and i was HUGEly fat. i felt terrible about myself. All my frineds left me in highschool i had no friends at all. i never had a real birthday becuase its near chrismas and noone liked me soo noone came to my birthday partyes. acouple of mouths later in grade 7 i was beeing bullied soo bad i dint want to go. i stoped going for good and my partents dint know why i dint want to tell them what was going on. i was getting bigger and bigger and the bullying got worse and worse till i had enough. my mum took me to the docter and i have every bad ansxinity or whatever. idk what that means but idc. since then ive never gorn to that school and i now go to an online school where ill never step food out of the house again. theas days all i have is my vidieo games that i kno and love and feel rly bad while playing them but in a good way. i met this girl on a game and i rly like here we have been talking for 4 mmounts now on skype she lives in the same contray but far far away. i might be mooving to where she lives i told her and shes excited. but i lied to her she thinks im the man of her dreames i dont know what to do no one likes me and she will hate me if she sees me. i feel rly bad for lying to her and i dont wanna live anymore im fat im unhelty i just wanna DIE. sometimes i wish a tree would fall and crush me :( thank you for reading i hope you never feel like me or do anything like that to a girl i still talk to her but i dont know what to do anymore. im pothetic and im gonna kill myself someday. bye
