I cant f*cking stand this society.I went to a therapist for depression and I suffer full on panic attacks in society cause of all the expectations and pressure flung at me, and then all the bullying when I am not part of it and have been a agoraphobic.

So I brought up something that causes me stress which is that I've nothing I've done nothing for year's, basically be a NEET. I said I've nobody to call to be a referee even if I did want to do something, so I can't be part of society. 

She then urges me to go to a find work course run by the government, to help you get skills and work for them, I nearly threw up. I've been avoiding all this b*llshit for year's cause I disagree with this disgusting narcissistic judgemental cruel society and only care about keeping my cat alive. 

I now feel all this pressure to conform to this b*llshit. I thought the therapist would just offer some friendly advice, not urge me to go to these events. She knows about my agoraphobia as well, and doesn't see that as an excuse. 

I want to be left alone by all these freaks trying to get me to fit in to their sick world. I looked it up and it says how they will help you do a LinkedIn profile (barf) I can't stand all the marketing of humans, as if they are products.

I can just imagine going there and getting all the fake smiles, and let us help you(entrap you) and giving strangers my yearly life events. They will all be like robots asking me for contacts and social media (stopped using it, other than an account to talk to others online where I can be real and who understand me)

 I can just imagine if I tell them I had health issues they would do the fake " so sorry to hear that" and then I'd be pressurised to get skills in an area I've no interest in. We live in the most disgusting fake society that tries to pretend their helping you when their trying to use you.

 The therapist thinks it's a great thing, and encouraging me to do it. I now need to go to them after xmas and she will expect me to have done something, so basically therapy is to get you functioning in society again? So it's not their to help you as a person. I'm just seen as a body to use it seems.