How to be an abusive spouse and parent during a pandemicNOTE: This list is perennially a work in progress.

1. Refuse to participate in raising or caring for your own child.

2. Refuse to leave the house.  Refuse to cook, clean, shop, do yard work, or even so much as to offer feedback or suggestions when your spouse is ordering groceries for you (which you also refuse to do).  Refuse to eat what your spouse cooks for you, while also refusing to either cook for yourself or say what you *would* like for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Offer only criticism and attacks, never support or relief or even an indication of what you actually might want except “not that.”

3. Steal food from your child’s plate while your child is trying to eat.

4. Log in to work so infrequently and miss so many of your own deadlines that you get formally written up for it by your own company (of which you are a co-owner), while at the same time insisting that your employees should be required to physically report to the office ahead of the already-reckless schedule you insisted on.

5. Berate your spouse for not having a job while providing no support and taking up no slack so your spouse can either look for one or realistically work at one, since daycares are still closed *and* you refuse to actually look after your own child *and* you won’t cook, clean, shop, or do yard work either.

6. Constantly demand sex while also refusing to initiate it.  Angrily swat your spouse away every time your spouse tries to initiate as well.  Clumsily grab at your spouse’s crotch at 3:00 am and initiate some low-key spousal rape every couple weeks or so, and then berate your spouse for not violently resisting while half-asleep and unable to comprehend what was going on.  Make your spouse responsible for managing and assuaging your performative guilt.

7. Lock yourself in the bedroom when your own child wants to play with you and is bawling and pounding at the door, begging for your attention.  

8. Statistically, odds are you will occasionally do something that is intended to benefit your child.  If and when that happens, write it down in the way that makes you look the most like a selfless martyr, then exaggerate it a couple steps more, then lord it over your spouse at literally any opportunity that you can. That one time you went grocery shopping in February 2019 and forgot your wallet, for instance, becomes “I did *all* the shopping in February, and it was so much that I had to make *two trips*!” 

9. Whenever your spouse brings up your behavior and asks for specific changes or even help with just one thing, literally any one thing, berate your spouse for not going to that one specific therapist you keep pushing so very hard.  Demand that your spouse change medication or doses (note: refuse to watch your own child if and when your spouse *does* make an appointment to discuss medication changes, and scream with inchoate rage if your spouse attempts to take your own child to the appointment with them since you can’t be arsed to parent).  Never miss an opportunity to turn a request for *you* to change *your* behavior into a spiteful referendum on your spouse’s mental health.

10. Take your own medication so infrequently and at such irregular doses that, on those days that you take *what* you’ve been prescribed at the *dosage* you’ve been prescribed it and at the *time* you’ve been told to take it, you feel nauseated and spend the whole day bedridden.  Refuse to speak to your own doctor about any of this, and berate your spouse for ever daring to “interfere” with your medication in any way.

11. Address as few problems, irritations, or conflicts in the moment as possible.  The best time to bring something up is approximately three weeks after the fact, while your spouse is in the middle of doing something wholly unrelated.  In order to compensate for the length of time since the original incident, increase your original rage and vitriol by fifteen percent, compounded daily (you should therefore be approximately 18 times as mad as when the thing that set you off originally happened, if you’ve waited the minimum 21 days).

12. Stop showering.  Stop bathing. Stop shaving.  Stop brushing your teeth.  Stop wearing *clothes* most days, to the point where it’s more likely than not that you’ve done an employee’s performance review over Zoom completely naked and with breath so bad *they* could smell it.  But least be sure to tell your spouse how *they’re* the “disgusting” one.

13. Find new and creative ways to tell your spouse how fat, ugly, lazy, stupid, selfish, and mean you think they are.  Don’t just say it either; anyone can just *call* their spouse a fat slob, so that won’t do.  You should be able to, in a completely darkened room, let your spouse know *exactly* which of their features you find disgusting without uttering a *single* word.  

14. For bonus points, you can then berate your spouse for taking any measures to rectify these supposed flaws, but this is not ideal in the long run because you never want to give your spouse any sort of path out.  The ideal follow-up to a “dark-room-disgust” maneuver is to simply roll over and start snoring.

15. If you don’t like how your spouse is loading the dishwasher (note: you do not do the dishes, ever), go ahead and grab the plate from your spouse’s hand and smash it on the floor.  Shove your spouse against the wall and just scream.  If your own child is in the kitchen with the two of you while this is going on, you may speak to your own child in a wavering sing-song voice but under no circumstances should you remove your hands from your spouse’s throat while doing so. 

16. Blame your “outburst” on your spouse’s perceived lack of medication.

17. Refuse to add either your spouse or your own child to your better and cheaper insurance plan until after your spouse’s personal checking account is down to its last $40 from making COBRA payments.  Threaten to take that $40 as well when you finally do add them.

18. Spend two entire months telling your spouse what a garbage person they are because you had to add them to your insurance, even (especially?) if it is cheaper than the COBRA plan you made them bankrupt themselves on.

19. Lie about having added either of them to your insurance, so that your spouse gets a very unpleasant surprise at the pediatrician’s office.  Scream at your spouse for “wasting [your] time” calling you because you only gave them enough cash for the copay and not the full uninsured cost of a two-year physical and COVID test.

20. Refuse to add your spouse’s name to your personal checking account or open a joint account, even though *that* just happened.

21. When your spouse’s car breaks down, refuse to pay for repairs and demand that your spouse donate it to your favorite radio station instead.  

22. While still refusing to do any of the grocery shopping or take your child to any appointments or any activities, hide the keys to your car and prohibit all forms of food delivery services.  Refuse to ever hand your spouse your checkbook, credit card, or ATM card as well.  Turn every routine grocery shopping trip into a high stakes planning, budgeting, and negotiation exercise where your spouse must figure out *exactly* how much it will cost to feed you all this week, spend an hour trying to convince you they numbers are legit, rebut and improvise around you finding lower prices ... *somewhere* (at a store across town or in another city, for instance), trust that you will either go to the ATM or wire money when you actually say you will, and then try to salvage things when you give them less than half of that.  

23. Don’t just tell your *spouse* how how fat, ugly, lazy, stupid, selfish, and mean you think they are.  Tell *everyone* how how fat, ugly, lazy, stupid, selfish, and mean you think your spouse is.

24. Denigrate your spouse’s emotions, concerns, health, and contributions to the family at every opportunity.  Make sure to *loudly* tell everyone you talk to how much your spouse is “looking forward to napping” when and if daycares finally reopen.  Say you “might allow” that, but that your spouse “really needs to find a job” so they can “pull [their] own weight again.”  Do this even after your spouse asks you to stop and says why it bothers them.  *Especially* after they ask you to stop.

25. Is your spouse looking at their phone for any reason?  Grab it!  Read their emails.  Read their texts.  Grill them over their search history or why there isn’t one.  Make them tell you what they were about to google, then google it “for” them and toss the phone at them and stomp away.  Respond to emails and texts “for” them without their permission, then delete the threads and leave them guessing who even tried to contact them just now.

26. Did I mention yelling?  Because you should be yelling more.  Yes, even more than that.  Yes, really.  You should aim for 3-5 howls of primal fury every week.  You should scream so often and so violently and about *literally any damn thing* that your spouse has a panic attack and starts reflexively apologizing and bracing for another slap even if you just coughed.  

27. Whenever your spouse does this, *that is also an excuse to yell*.  See numbers 9 and 14-16, above, for suggestions on what to scream at your spouse about.  Above all else, as you ball your fists in white-knuckle fury and pin your spouse against the wall again, remember to blame them for being afraid of you.  As you close your hands around their throat and start shaking them, in full view of your child, say “I am not your enemy.”