I feel like I am going through a crisis related to mortality, which is leading me to insanity.I am 23, currently an accounting student expected to get my bachelor degree next year. It's going to take me 1.5 years longer than what it's supposed to, and this is the first contributing factor to the way I feel.

During the last three and a half years of university, I have achieved many things I am proud of. I became manager of a large student associatiob, I founded my own non profit company with some friends (although we cannot make any profits, so it's not a real job) and I managed to bank five years of job experience working as an accountant in my family business.

This sounds great, and it is. However, I am slowly losing my mind.

My family is a wreck. My mother suffers from borderline personality disorder and has narcissistic tendencies: she attempted suicide by sleeping pills overdose a few years back, and pointed a pair of scissors to my neck when I was 13. I have been to therapy just to elaborate this memory, which haunts me to this day. 

I cannot keep living in this house. My mother is getting more insane as times goes on.

A few months back, I lost my job. That completely devastated me, as it was my only source of income. We are poor, and it's not like my dad gives me money. 

Then problems in the association started to arise. People leaving, badmouthing others, and a bunch of other stuff.

I couldn't pass any exam, I am far behind my schedhle for graduation, and last week, after the last crisis in the association, I broke down. I got a "nervous fever" as the doctor called it: my temperature spiked up to 41.5° and I was hospitalized for the night. My body and mind have suffered to much stress it nearly killed myself.

I have two problems.

1) The association. I can't continue to be president. As soon as my phone rings, I assume things have good wrong and there is a problem I have to fix. I literally shake when I get a notification. I also cannot leave though, because I was elected, and leaving would cause the group to fall.

2) My age. I would be 26 if I decide to continue and get my master's degree. That's way too much time to spend at home with my mother.

I feel old, and trapped. I just can't see any way out.