Was seriously thinking of taking my own life, had everything I needed to do it too... But here I am still.A few days ago was pretty dark for me, still can't find a decent enough job with enough hours to start saving cash and I think I just lost my last friend. With no one to call or text I just broke down, couldn't stop crying for hours. After a while, I just started packing a bag with some warm clothes and some water, got some paper and wrote a few notes, even one to the friend who stopped talking to me, and just left the house.

I was outside just waiting for the sun to go down before I would try to end my own life made sure my letters were secured in my book bag, made sure my phone was on with 911 already to be called after I hit send, made sure my ID cards were both on me and in my bag. I had the knife I my hand and was just staring at it and then mid mind started to go of on its own. I imagined how long it would take with me to die lying in the woods bleeding out, I wondered how long it would take for the police or an ambulance to show up after I pushed send, I thought about how my mom would react when she found out, I wondered if my friend would even get the news I took my own life. I thought about whether my vision would go white or just fade to black. 

But then my brain really mind fucked me when it put this thought into the forefront of everything, 

"Well, what are you going to do after this?"

And It Hit Me. It stopped me in my tracks, it paralyzed me completely still for a few minutes. 'what the fuck do you mean, after this?'

I don't believe in god or heaven, the devil or hell. I don't believe I'll turn into a ghost and haunt my body, family or friend. I would be dead, just what I wanted, I didn't have any fear of the pain I would have put myself through, I knew I would be giving myself the peace I just can't accomplish if I stayed alive, I would be over.

I came home before everyone else came home (not like they would have noticed if I was gone for a few days) and put everything away. I still have my letters sealed In their envelopes and the knife is tucked under my bed. until I can clear my head up from this mind-fuck my brain put me through I won't take my life, but I still plan to If I can't get the help I need.