I'm posting this at work because I'm so overcome with depression today I can't handle anything else......yet I can't afford to lose any more hours at work, so I'm forced to stay here and suffer.

I hate my job. I'm single because my ex was extremely non-communicative, and I suspect asexual...even though I don't doubt she cared about me, she was ridiculously emotionally inaccessible, and a terrible communicator.

I started dating someone I really liked for awhile, but she broke it off because her own depression got too much to handle a relationship...I completely respect her for doing it, but the weird thing is, I miss her more than my earlier, more long-term ex...maybe I'm just hung up on her because we broke it off before we had a chance to sleep together. I dunno.

I lost my dog this year, who I'd known since she was a puppy. I lost my last remaining grandparent. I lost a close college friend to suicide. I was gaslighted out of a line therapy job I was really good at and loved; I was bumped to starting pay, had benefits stripped, had my hours cut, and all my favorite clients were taken away...all to cover the asses of my dipshit privileged bosses. Earlier this year I had a stomach ulcer. My daily depression and anxiety attacks have been getting worse and worse. The last 3 mental health professionals I saw didn't help...one referred me to a psychiatrist, who recommended a ton of really scary, invasive drugs without trying milder ones first - the third I saw yesterday, who referred me to yet more people who will no doubt waste my time and money further. I've been building a legal case against my crooked ex-landlady but I can't afford a lawyer so at this point, she's probably going to get away with all her fuckery. I filed an official complaint with the Department of Consumer Protection, but they're slow as hell, and refuse to offer legal advice. I hooked up with someone who turned out to have mega unhealthy attachment issues...when I broke things off with her, she bombarded me with abusive texts for a day and a half, then told me she loved me, then continued sending abusive texts until I stopped responding to her completely. 

All this has been my life for the past 10 months. I lean really hard on my friends by venting to help me get through the day, but I can tell it's getting hard on them. 

I don't know what kind of work I want to do next. All the fun jobs don't pay enough, all the ones that do pay as much as I'm making now ($12/hour - no benefits) are just as soul-crushing as my current job. All the jobs I apply to with a decent balance of both compensation and work I actually think might be fun are either taken before I can apply, or I'm outright rejected because I'm still young and don't have any fucking experience yet. I'm drowning in debt. I'm flailing. My parents are both abusive idiots who never make me feel anything but worse after I talk to them. I keep sinking lower but I don't know what to do.

I'm 25. My life is 1/3rd over and I've spent most of it getting abused and feeling miserable over and over again...everyone I ask for help either tells me they can't, takes advantage of me, or tries to help but fails spectacularly. Every time I try to help myself, by working up the gumption to apply for a job I'm actually interested in, my efforts blow up in my face and push me deeper into the spiral.

I don't know what to do. I don't know what the fuck I should do. I don't know if I even believe the 'it gets better' shit because for the past 13 years, my life has only gotten marginally better. I worked my ass off in college so this exact situation wouldn't happen. I pushed thoughts of suicide out of my head when I was a teenager because I dismissed everything as "just par for the course of dealing with high school"; I bargained with myself that I wouldn't think about things like this again until after high school, when things were supposed to 'get better'...but they haven't. Not really.

This has been one of the worst years of my life. On par with my Middle School years, which says a fucking lot. I don't believe the universe is going to pull off some kind of balancing act just for me - just because I've been through hell this year doesn't mean something at the end of the tunnel is waiting for me. I've learned that much about life.

I just...I just want to be done with all of this. I don't want depression. I don't want anxiety. I don't want post-traumatic stress. But nobody can or will help me. Even myself.

I also called the suicide hotline today. The line rang and rang but nobody picked up. I gave up because I had to get back to work.