guess this is me writing..a little background about me, i’m 17M, from down south in the US, about to be a senior in high school.

uhhh I don’t really know what to write so i’m just gonna ramble and any advice or comments or whatever comes to mind, you can leave below:)

recently i’ve been falling back down into my rabbit hole of depression and another episode has started and they get worse and worse each time. normally these episodes are either short (a week or so) or long (a few months), not really any in between and considering this one’s lasted a few weeks it seems like it’ll be a long one. it started back in my freshman year and has been happening ever since, and i’ve made it through all of them so far but idk how many more I can take, yk? like i’m not necessarily suicidal at the moment but I wouldn’t mind not being here, if that makes sense. 

one big issue i’ve been facing is rejection and being tossed aside. people love to lead me on until I am convinced something good is happening and then when that happens, they leave or ghost me. it’s happened more times than i can count in this last month and if anything makes you feel worthless, it’s that.

i’ve become really apathetic about really everything, about friends caring if I were gone or not, and the only thing that shakes me to my core about being gone would be my family and leaving them with all that pain. makes me feel ill. but slowly that feeling is fading, especially when i’m heated in a moment, all rationality goes out the window. some people have told me my eyes show all my emotion yet show no emotion at all, sometimes they’re described as empty and dead and other times they’re described as full of rage and piercing. just depends on the mood and who observes my eyes, I suppose. 

thanks to anyone who read this far, I really appreciate it. like I said I just needed to ramble and get that kinda stuff out to someone other than the usual 2-3 people that hear my issues from time to time. any words you would like to share are welcomed. much love.