I'm at the end of my ropeAlright, I found this subreddit a few minutes ago so I made a throwaway account and decided to post.  

Anyway, I've had what the doctors call depression since I was in second grade.  I wasn't officially diagnosed until around 2 years ago but no one ever seemed to listen when I tried to explain what I was feeling.  I was brought up believing that being happy was something that only happened in movies and didn't occur in real life.  So ever since I was a young child (I'm in college now), life has been gray and empty.  The first funeral I attended I didn't cry.  My Grandfather had escaped the gauntlet that was existence.  I felt happy for him.  My parents assumed I simply didn't  understand the concept of death.

I've always been a sickly child.  My neighbor used to tease me for being the puke-iest kid he has ever known.  The doctors said I had "nervous acid reflux".  Not sure if that's even a real thing but it explains why I have vomited at least weekly for over 10 years now.  I'm always in a state of high anxiety.  I've developed a heart condition from it that adds to my anxiety.  It's a vicious cycle.  My stomach, throat, upper and lower intestines and my liver have all been damaged from my excessive vomiting.  The damage my liver has sustained is equivalent to a 50 year old binge drinker.  I've had numerous doctors tell me that it's completely remarkable I am alive still.  It never bothers me, it seems only natural.

my friends doubt I have a condition.  I always have a positive outlook and demeanor they say.  I only do it because I know what it's like to be sad.  When I see someone hurting, I throw myself towards making them better; doing anything and everything I can in order to get them out of the hole I live in on a daily basis.  I might be stuck here, but they don't have to be.

I have panic attacks that add to the pain.  I've kept these hidden except from doctors.  My parent's aren't the most supportive and my dad is convinced that I simply lack work ethic and I'm just using my health problems to get out of work.  

I've been through the ringer of helplines.  Hotlines don't help.  Therapy doesn't help.  Doctor's seem genuinely concerned sometimes.  My current physician even gave me her cell number so I can text her if I need help.  I've been hospitalized twice.  She has even gotten my insurance company to go over the maximum dosage for anti-depressants to try and help me.  Those don't seem to help either.

I'm tired reddit.  So very tired.  Every night I wish that I won't wake up the next day.  It's been like this for most of my life.  I've cried myself to sleep for years.  I thought it was normal in my childhood but now I come to find out that I'm alone.  Most help centers are shocked when I tell them my story.  I started harming myself in 3rd grade.  I stopped because I didn't see the point in it anymore.  The pain was present, whether it was physical or mental, it was there.  I didn't need to put in the extra effort to make it something I could see.  

I don't drink or smoke or do any drugs I'm not prescribed.  I know those are bad since my cousin killed himself under the influence.  He apparently struggled with depression the same way I did.  He was 24 when he killed himself.  I'm 20.  Almost there. 

I haven't told most people my whole story.  This rambling isn't even close.  I've had people ask me to stop whenever I try because they don't want to hear it anymore.  I mostly keep to myself in things like this.  

I've held the gun in my hand reddit; put it to my temple, had it in my mouth.  Held the knife to my throat, held the pills in my mouth.  I never stop due to fear, I stop because of promises that I have made.  I can't go, not yet. But I can't keep it up forever.  There is nothing for me to live for and a limit to my strength.  I know this is a rambling post with incomplete thoughts.  I have tears running down my face as I write this and it's difficult to think so if you need me to elaborate, I will.  I just need help reddit.  I'm on my way out the light reddit, and I don't see a reason to turn back.  