I've become a shitty person and I'm tired of being a burdenI'm 16 years old and living in the Bay Area. I come from a family of Asian immigrants, so they have high expectations for me. I grew up in an environment of coldness and lack of love. All my parents have done was provide me food, shelter, an education, but emotionally I never grew up. All my life, they have berated me to control me and it hurts my self confidence and makes it hard for me to trust anyone. I've never had an adult figure in my life to guide me. Starting when I was 12, I became very depressed. I wanted to die every day.

My friendships are very superficial. I'm afraid of opening up to them because I don't want to ruin my friendships. They're already good as is. Online, I make many friends, and since it's online, I open up to many of them because I don't feel like I'm losing anything. 

I'm a pathological liar. I'm 16 years old, and I told an extremely group of friends online that I'm 20. I lie about everything in my life. The person who they think I am is not me at all. I lie because I pretend to be the kind of person I dreamt to be back when I was more motivated in life. I tell those friends that I go to a prestigious school and was really successful in high school. I even go as far as to lie about my appearance because I hate it so much. I have no self confidence at all. I hate everything about me. Whenever I see pictures of pretty girls online, it makes me even more depressed. I try so hard to do things to make me feel prettier, but it's useless. I wear a lot of makeup and nice clothes, but I still feel ugly. Cosmetics don't mask anything, but I can't ever go outside without wearing makeup because I'll look even more horrific.
I always stress them out with my problems. I'm just a constant source of negativity around them. I'm such a selfish and jealous person. There are 2 I am specifically close to, both that I've developed feelings for. (It seems like I "fall in love" with anyone that gives me the slightest bit of attention) I get jealous when they do things without me or talk to other people. I always take out my sadness and anger from my parents on them. I'm a horrible friend.

I just want this all to end. I've tried to distance myself from these online friends, but they're so adamant about helping me. I don't want to be their friends anymore. In a way, I'm saying yes I'm tired of their help. I always run around in the same circles and never fix any of my issues. I'm so fake. I talk shit about these friends to other people about the smallest, most petty things about them, yet I still hang around them as if everything is okay. I was meant to be alone. I'm a person full of bitterness and malice.

I'm so afraid of physical pain. I think about different ways to kill myself every day, but there's always variables that may lead to it backfiring. Yes, I've tried to get help. For a while, I went to see a therapist and I was on Paxil immediately after the first session (5 minutes in, she decided I needed antidepressants). For about half a year, Paxil ruined my life. I stopped going to this specific therapist. My parents even took me to Stanford for consultation, and they said I need a therapist to keep me from getting worse/relapsing. It's been 3 months, and my parents won't let me talk to anyone. They think I'm depressed because I spend too much time playing video games (which isn't true at all- I spend all of my time studying and laying on my bed crying). They don't think I'm depressed, no matter how much I insist. Furthermore, I have tried to get help at school. It feels like the counselors have no empathy. They repeatedly invalidate my feelings, saying that I may be overreacting, and I'm not truly depressed because I still have "good" grades (about half A's, half B's- which is completely awful in my parents' standards). My school is full of Asian immigrants, so the counselors all assume that I'm just another whiny kid coming to cry about how I don't have all A's.

I'm pretty sure I'm a lost cause. When I'm not stuck in all of these stupid summer classes my parents put me in, I'm laying in bed listening to the same depressing music and crying. I just want to die. I'm so tired of everything. I have nothing in life to look forward to. My parents especially remind me every day about the piece of shit that I am, and that I'm their biggest disappointment. I lock myself in my room to get away, but they'll just open the door to yell at me about anything. I'm already so numb from all of the pain, but their constant berating is going to push me over the edge one day.

I even tried to drink once. I managed to steal a bottle of my parents' beer, but obviously that isn't enough to make me drunk. If I had access to drugs, I 100% would've tried it.

If someone has advice for me, please help me.