Why do we think this way?I'm another one of the nut cases that is looking at the deep end after a relationship goes south.  I'm trying my best to keep it floating but there is so much resistance.  It doesn't matter the history, the past is the past and I can't change it.  I blame myself mostly, for many reasons, but they're all small.. All the reasons it's breaking is small but there are so many.  Details aside, I've been in love with her for the past 3 years only to see it fading.  I'm some odd minutes away from giving my final talk to her to hopefully ease her into finding the right path, visibly "letting go" to release pressure from her and doing the "give space" thing.  But honestly.. I'm hopeless.  I don't see any fruition, I just hope it gives me some sense of closure.  I want nothing more than it to work, it is my only beacon of hope.  It's a giant piece of me being ripped away. 

Regardless, I'm finding myself getting deeper and deeper into what is dying.  I've always been fascinated by it, wanting to do it but weighing the consequences of the people around me.   But almost 30, I'm beginning to give a rats ass what people think.. And wanting to not think anymore.  My brain won't shut up.  I'm on a week of rest at sub 8 hours. Shit doesn't get easier the older you get, it just gets harder.  It feels like you accumulate more failures and flops than you can hold.  I feel like I'll never amount to anything worth.  I can't achieve or be good at anything I try.  I'm half tempted to just drive into a pylon.  I have money I can put down for a hand gun.  It's all so simple.  Why do I have to hold on?  Why do I have to bow to the whim of others, and not have my own choice in the matter?   Why won't people just accept its what I want in my future? 

I know girlfriends come and go.  But honestly it's only the tipping point.  I'm trying to weigh my options and I keep seeking out guidance.  Suicide hotline is a joke, friends tell me the same thing, she cares but she doesn't care when I'm there.  I know it'll destroy my parents and some of my family, but I'm a black sheep anyways.  A stain to the family name. 

I can't figure out why I keep thinking this, and I try my best to avoid it, but it just keeps crawling back like it wants me to commit. 