clickI worked till closing time last Saturday.  I quite often don't.  I am in bad shape, in pain a lot of the time, and quite often a coworker wants to stay and close.  I usually let them, but not this time.  I needed the hours so that I would have enough to buy a gun to shoot myself.  So I kept going on my creaky old joints for another six hours, and then did the same the next time I worked.  

I am a failed experiment.  I don't quite fit in the human race.  That is a hell of a diverse group but I still don't fit anywhere in it.  There are all manner of saints and fools, perverts and heroes, idiots and psychos who manage to fit in somewhere.  I might just be stranger than all of them.  The way in which I am strange is hard to define or describe.  

When I have written about this before, the responses have been variations on well-meaning futility.  I tend to disappoint people who want to help me.  I do not think I am help-able.  No one gets it, because no one experiences it.  It's like I am a blind man, but I am the very first blind man in the history of the world and no one quite believes I really cannot see.  Well just open your eyes, they say.  Just look.  Looking is good, seeing is great.  And I can hardly argue with that, but it does me no good.

The thing I cannot do is connect with another person.  I am not a real person.  I am real, of course, but that is the best way I have ever found to express what it is like for me.  I see how other people are, and how I am, and whether they succeed or fail they at least seem to have the capacity to connect.  People talk to me about how their relationships aren't going well, and it's a bit like going up to a starving person and telling them how the restaurant messed up the steak orders last night.  But of course no one knows I am starving.

I was abused as a child.  That is such a trump card, a conversation stopper.  Well, that explains everything then.  I could say I wear a tutu and juggle dead badgers and if I say it is because I was abused as a child, then it all makes sense.  But it doesn't make sense, really.  I was abused, and so were lots of other people.  Many, probably most, deal with it better than I have.  I don't even know what "dealing with it" means.  I can't say what I would be like had the abuse not happened.  I have only been me once, and I can't rewind the tape and see how it would have turned out.  

I can say that what I endured as a child broke me, twisted me.  Whether it should have broken me, whether I should have ended up twisted into this particular shape I couldn't say.  But I did turn out like this, and there we are.  I can't connect with other people.

I wish I could say it better than that.  I can try to give an example.

Some years ago--more years than I would like to think about--I engaged in what probably seemed to be fairly typical behavior for a man.  I was 25 and Angela was 19 and we worked together.  It seemed typical because I became interested in her, and spent time with her, and was altogether shocked to find that she wanted me to do so.  But it was not typical because I was only pretending.

I didn't want to pretend.  I was not cynically trying to fool anyone.  I was desperate to believe I was having feelings that a normal person would have.  And in fact there were some feelings, which makes the whole thing more complicated and difficult.  I can't claim to be some alien sociopath with no emotions.  I wish I was, but apparently one cannot achieve that on purpose.  

There came a time when she offered herself to me, we were alone together and she made it sufficiently plain what she wanted.  And I felt nothing.  I became even more detached than usual and I seriously could have done anything or nothing, could have shot myself or had a sandwich, could have taken a nap or set myself on fire it would have made no difference.  There was no excitement, no fear, no lust, nothing.  It was supposed to happen, at long last I had a chance and lord knows she was intensely pretty and nice, and...nothing.  It was like flipping a light switch for a dead bulb.  Click, click, click.  Well, how immensely stupid.

I cannot complain about how women don't want me or how I have no success in dating, because success can't happen.  Click, click, click.  In the 20 years since Angela there have been a few attempts, not just at sex but at just being real, being close to someone, connecting.  It does not happen.  And that makes life an empty, stupid joke.  

Don't tell the blind man to look at more sunsets till he figures out how beautiful they are.  I am over forty and have yet to hold hands, I am alone in a more profound way than anyone this side of Tibet, and there is no solution for it.  Therapy, years of it, has proven to be futile, and medications even worse.  

So I get paid tomorrow, and then off to the pawn shop, then one last click.  This is not a cry for help.  There is no help.  And I am tired of pretending to be human.