I feel like a manipulative and abusive person, I pressured my ex to come back because of my own selfish desires. I don't want this to ruin my reputation in the future, and I can't find any other way out.My first relationship ever was when I was 13, and the girl that I was dating was also 13. Early, I know, but everyone in our school was beginning to date at that age. We were a very happy couple, we kissed and cuddled, and we told each other how much we loved each other and gave each other gifts. I thought everything was going great. But all good things come to an end, and she wanted to break up with me.

The reason for this was because she felt that I was too good for her. And I disagreed with this as much as possible, because it wasn't true at all (I've had a very low self-esteem for as long as I could remember). She ended up breaking up with me, but I still didn't give up. I thought, that if I just kept asking her to come back to me, she would, and then we could be happy again, and do all the things we did before. I missed seeing her. So that's what I did. I kept asking over and over for her to come over because I deeply missed her. She didn't want to get back together, but eventually, she agreed.

Unfortunately, the relationship was beyond repair in both our eyes. We broke up, again, and we didn't talk to each other for several years.

Now, I realise what I had done, I kept begging for her to come back because of my own selfish desires, and she didn't want to. In the end, I made her give in to coming back to me, being blind to the fact that she didn't want to be in a relationship with me anymore, and yet I made her come back to me. And I feel absolutely terrible now for doing such a thing. The guilt I feel every day for the last couple of months is overwhelming.

Fast forward to 2020, I am now 16. I finally talked to her for the first time in 3 years, and I apologised for everything, and I told her that I had changed from the desperate, selfish kid I once was. She was a bit confused as to why I was apologising, but accepted it anyway.

I'm not sure if she has forgiven me, or if she was mad with me in the first place. Maybe she's forgotten what happened, and she'll remember it one day and realise all the dumb mistakes I made. I'm pretty terrified about how my past will affect my future, and especially if what I was doing was pressuring her to come back to me, and so we could kiss and cuddle again, how that would affect the rest of my life and my mental health.

I just don't know how to get rid of the guilt I feel every day. It was a long time ago, but I remember it like it was yesterday. Am I just overthinking things? Or is this a reasonable thing to worry about?

TL;DR I pressured my ex to come back, we did, and it didn't work out, but I think we are still on good terms with each other, but now I feel guilt. I feel like a manipulative person, who pressured my ex into doing things she didn't want to do, and I didn't know better. Is this something I should worry about for my future? Is this a common mistake someone at that age can make?