Just don't care anymore.This may or may not be long. I'm a 22 year old male and have been depressed since about 14. I used tp self harm but that hasn't happened in years. This year has really been the catalyst, though. I was kicked out of my house by my super religious step dad because of my mom leaving him. I was able to stay with a friend until moving in with my uncle around june this year. Around tjat same time I left my well paying warehouse job to go to a pizza delivery job with a friend. Things were fine until I started building up bills, credit debt, and more financial struggles. On top of that, my uncle constantly plays dad by saying I'm not doimg enough by staying in my room all day. Even though he swore he wouldn't be on my case w lot. His biggest thing is how I sleep through most of the day til 4-5 PM some days. Tnis is in part due to my work schedule getting off around 11 at night, and also just me enjoying my alone time in tje middle of the night. He's threatened to turn off power at a certain point to get me to sleep early. But, really most of the time he has me feeling incompetent. Yelling at me or saying I'm stupid for not remembering something about my car or whatever. I have a pretty good group of friends, but most of the time they make me feel just as shitty. One of my closest friends is constantly saying he hates me or calls me a retard. Other times they just make me feel like the idiot of the group. Whenever I try to talk abput my depression, be it while drunk or just trying to vent I'm told to just get over it and that everyone has depression. At my job it's the same deal. I've been the center of jokes 90% of the time. To get to the point, I really want to kill myself at the beginning of next year. After my birthday and after I've played through kingdom hearts 3 (call me silly but it's true.) It's a weird mix of depression and apathy. I get drunk and/or high almost every day. I know I should go out and do stuff, but I'd rather stay in my room playing video games or doing nothing. And when I say nothing I mean nothing.  Sometimes I just simply lay in bed doing nothing. I have zero motivation. I don't see a point in keeping a job or having money when I can just die and never be stressed again. I just simply have no further interest in being alive. And, the only thing that keeps me from doing it is my mom and my dog who are the most important things in my life. I was on celexa for about 9 months before just being too lazy to refill it. Is there no more hope? Should I just do as planned and get the one last thing I'm excited for in the world put of the way and call it quits? No more bills. No more stress. No more bullshit. I've never been this suicidal/Apathetic before. Thank you for reading. 