Wanting to make amends vs. knowing I should kill myself - TW: #metooI have been feeling debilitating levels of shame over the #metoo coverage recently. I am fixated on what a creepy fucking loser and “nice guy” I was and the ways in which I selfishly hurt those around me. My psychiatrist (male) basically tells me that I’m being too hard on myself, that the men in the news have done far worse, and points out that I am lacking both experience and perspective. But I know what I did was wrong, I just want someone to take me seriously and tell me what I can do without minimizing things.

I am a 25 y/o man who has dealt with major depression since I was 15. I didn’t lose my virginity technically until I was 23. I just mention that because I am inexperienced, socially awkward and as I mentioned before somewhat of a “nice guy.” During that time I was good friends with a woman my freshman year of college who I’ll call H. When H started showing interest in me it was exciting because I didn’t get out too much and she lived in my same dorm. H would get into my bed to cuddle and watch movies. She was a virgin too and was also depressed, albeit higher functioning.

Eventually I asked her if she liked me and she said yes. She also told me that she did not want to be in a relationship. I told her OK, but soon after began pestering her/asking her to reconsider... for months. We were still friends, and still cuddled, but it became clear that she was becoming less comfortable with me. I kept asking her to reconsider. I was basically treating her like my boyfriend for months despite her feelings because I felt entitled to it, because she told me she liked me. I was an entitled “nice guy.” Eventually she told me she could no longer be friends with me, told me not to contact her, recommended I see a shrink and blocked me on facebook. Justice served.

Since graduating I have spent most of my time alone. I have had a lot of time to reflect and try to be a better person. I have stayed away from dating to work on my entitlement issues and my anxiety. Around a year ago is when I started thinking about H again. I am still blocked, I wonder if I have been the subject of a #metoo. I wonder if one of the reasons my psychiatrist isn’t taking me seriously is if he’s done something ‘worse.’ I feel like any progress I’ve made is a sham, and that whatever good I manage to do will never undo my self\-identity as an abuser and the pain I’ve caused women and the few people who were kind enough to care about me. I am back to thinking that the only justice left for me is suicide.

Shamefully, it is my selfish worry that if I even bother to put in the effort into being a better person with hobbies and interests and a career that H will reappear into my life to let everyone know what a manipulative creep I was and in many ways still am.