A desperate cry for help.I don't know what I'm doing here but I need help.

I... Just. Well, I've been unemployed since I left university four years ago.  My life is hell on earth, for four years I have been trying to find employment but I can't. I would take any job and I mean that. My problem is that I suck at interviews. Really suck and I can't get employers to see that I will be the best employee ever and enrich the lives of their clients and colleagues alike.

My life is shitty and I feel guilty every goddamn day that I am leeching off YOU. I hate the prejudice of being unemployed. Every time you call me a workshy piece of shit I feel shame. Do you know how much I would give to be able to support myself instead of relying on you, the taxpayer?

I have taken work shops in how not to suck at interviews, I attend back to work classes but they don't help because they don't give a shit (they just browse the internet looking for a holiday deal instead of giving me advice). I attend two interviews a week and my hopes are always dashed.

I am sick of your advice. "dress smart, be confident, tell them what they want to hear." Fuck you I do. I even do voluntary work because it "looks great on CV's". Apparently not. My CV is good. Good enough to get regular interviews, but I can't help but feel the person doesn't reflect the CV, I think employers think this too. 

I ask for feedback from interviewers and all I get is "there was just someone else who was a better candidate". I am at my wits end. 

I can't go on being unemployed. I don't see a way to become employed. I've been trying for four solid years and I have got nowhere.

I have decided that if I fail my next interview I will end my life because I am a failure. I am sick of this life of poverty and I don't see it ending anytime soon. 

I took solace from friends who were in the same boat but now they are all employed. I feel like shit everyday. The saddest thing about all this is that I feel my life hasn't even begun because I cannot afford to start my life. 

I am the epitome of a failed adult. 26 years old and my last job was in 2008. I'm sorry for posting this. I'm sorry that you put me in the same category as people who do not and will not want to work. 

Edit

 tl;dr
Can't get work. Next interview I fail I am going to end this.