Need to vent...I'd welcome any adviceOk this might be a little long but before I start, I've seen so many posts where people tell someone how they're a great person, but they don't even know them so please don't post those types of comments here, I'll just roll my eyes.

Where to begin?  I guess I'll begin with myself.  I'm a male in his late 20's who's always been attracted to girls from the ages of 10 and up, I've had a crush on women who were 50 or so, but the further they are from 10, the more difficult it is for me to find someone that age I'm attracted to.  It's very rare I find someone 35+ attractive, ill find many girls 18-24 attractive, and pretty much every other girl 10-18 attractive.

When I was 21 I met a girl who was 11 that I found attractive and she was a wonderful friend (I don't drink or do drugs and was a positive role model in her life and influenced her not to drink or do drugs even though her two best friends were). I hung out with her, her older sister, and her mother for a few years.  When she was 16 (which is the legal age where I live) we started dating.  Id been saving myself for the right girl, and after we started dating she became the only person ive slept with.  We had been dating up until she finished high school and I proposed to her and she said yes.  She was never one to like diamonds or expensive things so I got her a fairly inexpensive but pretty ring that I thought she'd like.  

Apparently for the next couple months she just started feeling unsure but talked to one of our mutual friends about it, not me (even though we used to share everything we were thinking to eachother) so I had no clue she was feeling this way.  We ended up getting matching tattoos of an inside joke from when we first met.  Get closer to Christmas and starting university, she said she needed some time to figure herself out which I was okay with except when I realized she wanted to hang out just as much, just not be intimate at all.  Having waited so long to be with her,I grew a little impatient.  After an argument the Sunday after thanksgiving, I dropped her off at her dads.

A week later she told me that she had cheated on me and slept with some 40 year old guy from her college.  I had a mental breakdown and immediately went home, packed my stuff, and went on a road trip across the country that was going to end with me killing myself.  I had my phone though and talked to her and supportive friends.  She was really sorry and still wanted to be with me so I thought I'd try to make it work.

Once I started getting better dealing with it she tells me she never really felt engaged and I spend more on my hobbies than on her ring (even though she never wanted an expensive ring in the first place, she's a very thrifty person).  This just gives me a mini meltdown but not much happens.

We continue to try to make it work because we've been best friends, but its just sort of going along.  We decide that if we find anyone else we'd rather be with, that we wouldn't keep the other back.  She left to work for the summer across the country.

A week after she leaves I go on vacation with my family and I start having suicidal thoughts because a combination of her leaving, stress from work, the fact I saw a bed bug on my bag and already had a panick attack from when i got bed bugs from my girlfriends familys apartment right after I found out she had cheated on me and those were the most stressful bugs I've ever dealt with, and because my hatred for myself for liking younger girls and I kept seeing cute girls.  I had gone for a walk during vacation as well and walked by a park where a bunch of different groups of college and high school students were hanging out and I felt like such an outsider, remembering when I hung out with groups like that and missing that and meeting new people.  So Memorial Day weekend I come back.  During the plane flight I'm thinking I'm probably the only person who would be glad if we got into a terrible accident.  

Monday I'm home alone.  i could have called my friends but for no reason just start hating all of them so i get helium, a plastic bag with pull string, and try to asphyxiate but I freak out.  I pack my bag and prepare for a motorcycle ride across the country because I can't stand being here anymore.

Tuesday morning I get ready for work, can't decide if I should kill myself, go to work, or leave on a road trip, and I freak out and go to my parents and tell them my suicidal thoughts.

I go to the ER and get committed to their psychiatric ward which is probably what I needed at the time.

The first day I just feel really out of place and mostly keep to myself.  I notice a really cute girl but like normal dont have the guts to talk to her.  Finally I feel brave enough to and we spend the next day drawing, walking, sharing our problems, talking, and playing cards.  She's 19 and had glasses and I think she's super adorable and develop a giant crush on her, it's always been so easy and quick for me to develop a crush on someone cute.

I get super excited because when she comes into the big room she comes to sit next to me.  The next day though we're both getting discharged.  While they recommend not sharing personal information, in the morning I start writing a note saying if she needs a friend when she gets out (she's new to the area) to give me a call but I won't take offense if she's not interested, but in the middle of writing it she gets discharged and I don't get to give it to her.  The past couple days I had been great because I really enjoyed my time with her and I rarely meet new people now adays so I'm in a great mood.

I get discharged and am staying with my parents this weekend just in case anything happens.  But as I'm sitting here with my dad and mother, I realize the only thing that kept me going during my time there was her and I'll never see her again.  I decide, we'll maybe that's what I need to do then, find new people.  So I go on match and eharmony and everyone just doesn't have the right face and I know it's pointless.  I've always sucked at approaching new people.  I try to find groups to go to and fail.  The time with my parents isn't helping, I need new people, or young people, or something, but not my friends or parents

So I just start getting mad at myself again and hating myself and hating my friends for no reason, trying to use the coping skills i learned in the hospital but failing, and having the suicidal thoughts again and so here I am.  And as I type this, the parts about my girlfriend, it just makes me really angry both at me and her and the only thing I got out of the stay at the hospital was how to hide it better so that next time I try, I won't tell anyone if I fail but maybe I will be successful. 