2020 I'm going to expose my life here and expose others. I cant take it no more. I'm just a piece of sh*t. I'm going to annoy yall with all of this since people wanna look in my history. Go ahead. I'm going to be dead soon. I got 500 mg acetaminophen sleep aid. You wanna know my life here..Let's start with when I was younger. We were poorer than poor. Living in an abandoned apartment. My (and I hate even giving them these titles it just feels weird at this point) mom, brother and me. Roaches, rats, lizards is what all I saw. I was just a one night stand baby that I wish she would had aborted but I guess bringing someone in this world just to not have to raise them is better. My (and I hate using this title) dad was in and out of prison selling crack so i would rarely see him until one day he saw me with no shoes on putting water in a water jug at a gas station. Guess the guilt got to him enough to take me to my grandma house. She always raised me. She raised me since I was a baby. So her taking me in was a blessing but also a bad thing. It was one less mouth to feed and I barely saw my "brother" like that. I always thought and so did he maybe that I had it better. When in actuality, mom kept u -not me. I ll never have that mom n son relationship with her because she would never be real with me like she will with u because of guilt. I look just like her. So when she looks at me she looking at herself. As I was living with my grandma, my grandad (which he was great too but he had another side to him before he got sick) in which I guess he was trying to toughen me up but i was close to my grandma. Call us "Foot to Foot". Every where she went I went. Grandad use to curse me out under his BREATh I remember "pussy ass nigga", "bitch ass nigga" all that at around 4 or 5 6 or 7 years old. I guess he was right... I never really talked like that at all. Only with my grandma. I remember one day I believe I was 5 or 7, this dude with a black shirt and gray sweatpants wanted to play. Me at the time i didnt know the totality of what was going on. Or maybe I did and did it anyway idk. He wanted me to sit on his lap and show me his penis and he want me to show mine. After that happened as i think of it now, it's like a spirit that was passed from one to another. This is how a victim can become a victimizer. As I start getting like 10 or lil older I remember playing around with my cousin (around same age) and I did the same thing the guy did to me but I stopped that once we got caught by my aunt. (I'm not into guys at least masculine I guess but I have a weird fetish for transsexuals). My grandma was the greatest person in the world to me. It's just when u dont have that father figure in your life and because everything that was going on around u was happening and all my grandma wanted to do was make sure I had everything, she spoiled me. And u know what it says about spoiling someone. But I ll never ever blame nothing on her because she did what my own mom n dad n everyone else didnt-raise me. I blame myself for not being a better grandkid now that she gone. Was spoiled when it came to her. She always made sure that I was ok. I know she is highly disgusted and disappointed with me in the grave and grandma I'm sorry for everything. Because even if I dont directly kill myself, the way I'm living now is just as bad-a slow and painful death. As I got older I became more and more lustful. Especially when grandma was starting to slowly die on me after my granddad pass. Now around that time (still young) around 15 or 16, there were a couple of girl cousins (no force of course as they wanted to do it too) we did sexual things to each other. No penetration as I didnt even begin masturbating until 18. Before then all my dick would do was be hard and I would have wet dreams every now and again. (I didnt have penetration sex until this year and I'm 27 years old now). Now I remember when I moved in with step mom n pops-thinking this was going to be family but that was hell. Especially being that this mf was selling crack and I barely see him like that. Then when he got locked up he left me with that abusive bitch. I remember getting beaten with toy bats and toy hockey sticks. Take off all my clothes. And it can be for something small or something big. I had a problem with keeping my draws clean so I would definitely get whipped about that. Every day or at least every other day. Then my grandparents picked me up because they know alot of things was going on. I had to choose so u know I was going to them. No lie my dad was an asshole (he still is but he ll never see me again. He won. I'm out of the picture and he and his wife and everyone else in that family can live their best life), never was around like that then when he did he acted like "well I'm here am i?" type of attitude. While mom n dad were doing them my grandma was raising me think about that. I use to get bullied every day in school. I always smelled like shit and I let people treat me like shit. To this day I regret not standing up for myself 5-8th grade because it still follows me to this day. Fast forward, I started going to church to get close to God. Around 16. Whatever age I was in 9th grade. And things were okay. Then my grandma got sick. She was on alot of pills and she was always sleepy or dozing off. She was in so much pain. Where was her son? Doing him and blaming her for things and being jealous of me because of the relationship me and his mom (my grandma) had. While yo ass was in and out of prison!!!! I remember that time when I was younger 10 or 11 and he took my grandma jewelry, the xbox and playstation i had. She died the day after my birthday in 2010, and I watched her die me n my big cousin. To this day I never gotten over it and never will. To this day a part of me died when she left. To this day I regret ever getting close to both mom n dad because in turn it was my demise. The things I did after my grandma passed.. I smoked weed for the first time my brother turned me on to it. After I got high that first time I never stopped and to this day I will never stop smoking weed. I moved in with my dad n his girlfriend (something I should of learned from before not to do but at the time I just wanted to keep the peace and just never spoke up for myself). I tried to rub on my older cousin butt (who's a pill popper n just nobody fw her but favoritism is mf so they fw her but not at the same time) and she told. I was high af. Then went to stay with my grandma on my step mom side (her mom). The things I did there...i would definitely be in jail. I'm definitely going to hell too because if that opportunity presented itself again i would do it again. Victim becomes the victimizer. Then it was just to where I ended up going to finally stay with my mom. I should of stayed with my aunt but I wanted to stay with my mom because I was planning on getting an apartment with the paid intern job at Gulfstream.  And I did. I couldn't stay with my mom tho because the rent man can have a lot of people in the apartment it was some bullshit she told me. I got an apartment at 18 while I was still in high school. I didnt keep it for long. I just didnt care about life or myself and that was to this day. I ended up getting evicted then having to move back with this nigga again that was constantly reminding of how much I fucked up. That's when everyone stopped really fucking with me like that. I mean they really didnt mess with me like that anyway it was just off the fact that I was with my grandma that they did mess with me. Too much hatred for them. I know if I never gotten close to them, things would have turned out different. How can u be around someone if u deep down hate them, u going to eventually act out and do things to where they dont want nothing to do with. Fast forward 2013 I moved in with my real mom n brother n her boyfriend. Every where I went I was a problem after my grandma passed. I realized my brother was finessing and jugging me like i was some other dude in the streets, fell out with him and that never spoke to him sense. U remember when I said I let people take advantage of me? Yea.. all in all I just stopped really giving a fuck about myself I was always in some bullshit. It just got to the point in late 2015 early 2016 I cut off all ties with them. My life maybe hell now and I will be dead soon but if I had choose to be around them and that-I will choose my body being found on a pavement. I take responsibility for the things I've done. Even if what they did were wrong, the things i did and the way i reacted to the things they did, gave them a way out.  A clean slate from God if u ask me. After my grandma passed i stopped going to church, now I just dont care for God anymore because I realize these past years he never loved or cared about me. I thought he did but he didnt and I feel like a fool thinking about it. Like finding out Santa wasnt real. But in the same breath I can't blame him. I've become an abomination now that thoughts are just full of lust, anger, envy, depression, and suicidal thoughts. You might as well say everything was my fault now since doing the things that I did. When people do u wrong and u reacted in a way- the blame will be on u at that point.  u end up proving someone right about the things they thought about u. Now I will die alone, with nothing, homeless sleeping outside. I don't want to try anymore. I dont want to care anymore. These are my consequences and I'm too far gone to change my ways. I believe God knows this as well. I'm just living at this point until I die. I had to share this with someone who has eyes before I leave this world.I just hope to be taken away from this world. I have nothing. I have no body. No mom no dad nobody.  I am nothing. Forgive me grandma I failed u. Rest in peace. I ll never have peace. What ima end up doing wont be any peace for me. I'm done. Im always wrong it's always my fault. And it's the truth but if I say the things that people say about me I'm this and that. You know what I'm a piece of garbage a sorry excuse for a man and human being. Yall can treat me however yall want I deserve  it. Just as in real life.  Because I'm taking my lifee.e. djdjdjjdm Humiliating myself, being desperate for affection, and loneliness. Idc what u do to me anymore God. Fuhc everything. IM TIRED OF BEING USED so fn ugly I got to pay for a girl that would never be around me if I ain't cash app her. Just about every body I come across...I'm the problem. And u know what I'm going to solve it permanently