I need help.Thank you for taking the time to read this.

Since I could remember i have always been alone. i never had friends. i barely went out. school life is a wreck. i just feel like every morning i wake up i feel so sick of it. i the shit i put my family through. All of the stuff I put my ex's family through. I don't know where it went wrong. but is suppose no one ever really knows where it goes wrong do they? i wish i could just get in a car wreck. something that happens and everyone thinks it was just luck that got me killed. i am seventeen and currently attending highschool. i failed all three years and this is my senior year. I feel like a piece of shit. i feel like a waste of space and time. i hurt the people around me and they dont even know it. i want to confess all my wrong doings but cant bring myself to it. i put a gun in my mouth just to see what it feels like. ive lit myself on fire to relieve my stress but it doesnt work anymore. i need bigger flames more heat but i dont want to hurt my parents my brother or my family. i cant do that to them. i go to work the people are decent there i wish i was nicer to some of them. i wish i could help them with their problems. i usually come home afterwards unsure what to do with myself. i try watching tv to laugh away my pain but to no avail. i try drawing but too often i draw blanks. i try to do homework but i cant focus. i lay in bed staring at my ceiling wondering why i hurt so many people why do i continue hurting them? why cant i just stop. i feel sick. i feel disturbed. i just want to cry to scream. i just want to stop sometimes. to just stop all this madness. i feel so broken sometimes. i wish i could tell people how i feel. i hope im not wasting anyone's time. I understand if this isnt considered serious. i just... i dont know what i want to do with myself i mean i have run in front of trains . i fallen off of roofs and taken pills. i just want to stop feeling so empty so alone. so fucking useless. i want to stop being such a fucking nuisance to others. i feel like everything i do hurts someone. i dont want to be so selfish like this. 