What to do when the thing you desire the most is the one you'll never get?All my life, since I was a boy, I wanted to have a family. Mine is fucked up. My father was an alcoholic, a misogynist and an abuser. He beat the shit out of me and my mother, who left when I was 10. My mother's parents kicked me out of their house because I look like my father, so I was forced to live with him.

I'm 23 now. And still, the thing I want above all else in the world is to find a nice girl, and marry her, and have children, and break the cycle that my grandfather (my father's father) began by abusing his wife and children.

But I'll never get this. Older women ask me "how are you single? you are so sweet", but girls my age look at me like I'm a leper. I'm disgusting. I'm ugly. I'm undesirable. I'm worthless. I don't have friends, a family or money. I'm the lowest piece of shit anyone has ever seen. And I'm probably a selfish asshole because I want this. I'm not entitled to it. I don't deserve it. My genes are probably shit anyway, being an abusive monster is in my blood. It's better this way. I've never had a girlfriend, I'm a virgin, I haven't kissed anyone. I haven't been touched in more than two years. Not a hug. Not a handshake. I'm not entitled to human contact either, again, I'm a selfish piece of shit for wanting that. 

I'm made fun of by people my age. I can't make friends. I'm just giving you my side of the story, if you ask them they'll probably give you a thousand reasons why I'm a pathetic creep and a loser and I should be fucking alone forever. They are right. When no one you meet wants to be friends with you, the problem is yours. Normal people have friends. A lot of them. I see them, they go out, the go to parties, they date each other, they have fun. A subhuman shit like me doesn't deserve those things.

How can someone tell me I'm wrong? How can someone look me in the eye and tell me "things are going to get better"? I'm wrong in the head. I'm broken. I'm a creep. I'm disgusting. I'm darkness. Killing myself is not an impulsive act, it's the most well thought decision I've ever made. How can someone tell me I'm wrong when I'm the one who has to live in my own head? I've been fantasizing and thinking about killing myself since I was 16. Are you going to tell me that the decision I've made after 7 years is wrong too? That I can't even kill myself without fucking something up?

The only reason I haven't done it is because I don't want to ruin someone's day. I don't want my landlord to find me hanging from the ceiling. I don't want to jump off a bridge and traumatize dozens of people. I don't want to cut myself in a hotel room and scare some cleaning lady. Once I find a foolproof method that won't leave me alive and fucked up and doesn't involve other people, I'll fucking jump on that. Pain used to scare me, but it doesn't anymore. Actually I've been cutting myself for the past few months. I like it. It's like practice. I'm sure the pain of sinking a knife into my forearm won't be even a fraction of the shit I'll have to endure if I live for another 50 years. I would actually take it over another week.

The fact that I can kill myself is the only thing keeping me from absolute insanity, from screaming and crying and hitting my head against the walls. Funny, how killing yourself is the thing that gets you out of bed in the morning.

I hope your life is better that this. I hope you never get to the point where your death won't be noticed by anyone. Not friends. Not family. My coworkers would wonder where I've gone before finding a replacement that they actually like and can befriend. It's better for everyone, really. Someone can get my job. Someone who is actually worth a shit can live in my apartment. The fucking oxigen I consume is a waste.