a vent from someone too afraid to dieso, this post is my first (and probably last) on this subreddit, and it's just me venting for the first time in my life (at least telling everyone how i feel). i was feeling pretty bad lately and i thought this might be a good idea to feel better. so if no one wants to read this block of text, or comment, it's ok, i shouldn't have posted it anyway, i'll regret it later. i don't even know if it's the right place to do so, and if it isn't, i guess it'll be deleted by a mod anyway


 as far as i remember, i've always been the weird kid without much friends, never been the social type, almost never went outside while growing up because i decided instead to spend all my time online like an idiot... because of that, i've always felt lonely, and the few friends i had growing up started always mocking me, and making me feel like shit, but since i had noone else, i thought that this was normal, so i learned to take it and shut up, always stacking up the layers of self hatred and doubt on top of one and the other. i really started to feel "depressed" (not clinically diagnosed, because was too afraid to talk to family about it due to hearing parents saying once that "kids can't be depressed, those who say they are are just acting...") at around 13-14 years old, and since then it only went downhill. i somehow managed to make a few new friends while going through school, friends that weren't toxic, and it somehow made me feel worse because i only then fully realised i kept taking abuse from my old friends without ever daring talking back... and i was too afraid to tell them what i thought, so i kept hanging out with them, and kept being almost insulted every day without saying anything. 
during all this time, i kept on not going to social events, and staying antisocial. i was starting to get bullied a bit for it, but for some reason it took me months for me to realize i was actually getting bullied, and even then i started to feel bad for my bullies because i could somehow tell that themself had low self esteem, and so i never did anything to defend myself...
during these time, i was always considering asking for help online, on a tumblr blog i was following back then, but i never did it because i thought i was just being overdramatic, and just searching for attention, so i never talked about it (until today)
then, a lot of things happend, almost all of them made me feel even more down with time (parents' divorce, rejected twice by crush, humiliated in front of class, etc...), and even if some good things happend to me since then (mainly found a new group of friends in wich i really feel good about myself), i'm still afraid to screw things up and end up alone. 
then my father died, in november of 2016, i remember it, it was a wednesday, i just came back from school, my mom was looking really weird, then announced me the news... it was probably the lowest point in my life. i stayed a few days without talking to anyone, staying at home, and when i went back to school, i acted like i was doing fine when i clearly wasn't because i didn't want people to worry about me. everyone thought i just was tough emotionally when i was actually heartbroken and hopeless.
then, last year, i went to college. i did one year of programming school, then dropped it when it became too complicated. now i'm supposed to go to uni next year, in a germanic language course (don't know the exact translation in english sorry but i'm going to study english and dutch in order to become a teacher here, in belgium) but i'm afraid i'm going to drop that too as soon as it will get too complicated. 
anyway, all these things made me consider ending my life quite a few times. but thankfully, i'm a coward, and am scared of death, at least i am right now, and that's keeping me from ending it all. but i dunno if i'll be that lucky for long enough.

anyway, i guess i just needed to vent, for the first time in my life. there's a lot more i could talk about, but i think my post will be long enough already lol. i understand if no one wants to comment after that, it's just a random vent from a lonely belgian guy, and i'm pretty sure some people need way more help than me. so, i guess, thanks if anyone read all of this, and if someone feels the same way i do, i just want them to know they're not alone, even if that's not necessarily meaningful in any way it can help some people, and if i can help at least one person on this earth in my lifetime, then maybe i would be something more than a waste of air