Scared I might make a mistake	I've been thinking about IT. I can't say I would, but I also can't say I wouldn't. I feel so weary to the point where I feel like I'm just fooling myself to continue trying to make something out of this life. I grew up being raised by just my mom. I'm half-white, half-other. My mom being not from this country made things hard, especially in the south. It's not that my dad wasn't physically in my life, just that he wasn't there emotionally. He lived less than a mile away but I'd probably see him once a year. He constantly told me he could have a better son and that he didn't need me. I only have a few close friends. Like I said, I grew up in the south with the wrong skin tone. I was generally treated as an outsider. I focused on school making me excel in my classes which the teachers praised. This didn't necessarily help, it just made me more of an outsider. 
	I was molested at a young age, I've never told anyone this besides one ex-girlfriend once upon a time. But since then, I never cared about sex or any kind of physical love. To be honest, it repulsed me. I had a few girlfriends in high-school but due to my unwillingness to perform, they made a few gay jokes(tongue-in-cheek of course but they still stung and unfortunately stuck with some cliques). I've never told my wife this. I am married now and I do love her very much. But this event in my past feels dirty, makes me feel unclean. I'm scared to share it, not because I'm afraid she'll reject me(she wouldn't), I'm afraid of how this will change her view of me. I don't want her to see me as some “victim” or “survivor” of whatever event. I don't want her to see that part of me at all. I guess I'm ashamed of it.
	I wouldn't say my past makes me depressed. Maybe it makes me a bit more detached from this life but not depressed. It's the fact I don't see my life getting better that depresses me. I'm stuck in a crap job(I went to college but when my scholarships dried up I really didn't have the funds to support myself and continue), my neighbors are racist(can't really move and they are so old that if their view of the world hasn't changed by now, I certainly don't stand a chance of changing it), and this house I own is almost literally shit. I feel like these aren't real excuses or reasons for me being depressed. There's just this overwhelming feeling of disconnect, of weariness, that makes me feel like I don't want to go on after all this time.
	The few things stopping me are my wife and my nephew. I'm pretty sure the other people in my life will move on. I'm not foolish enough to say these others won't miss me, just that they'll be able to recover. But I fear my wife would blame herself. I don't want to leave her. She makes me happy, but I'm a disconnected guy. I feel the urge to continue as strongly as the urge to stop. My nephew is two going on three. He probably wouldn't notice if I were passed soon. There are things I wanted to teach him though. I wanted to make it so that his life was never as poor as mine. 
	My first attempt was a week ago. Attempt might not be the right word, I still don't think I would've done it to be honest, maybe I was entertaining the thought. I had rented a motel room and planned on taking a bottle pills(I know, I would've felt bad for the hotel staff, but I didn't want my wife to be the one to find me), when my nephew called right when I opened the bottle. He knows how to use a cell phone by tapping on the picture of the person listed in case of an emergency. Somehow he had got my mom's phone, he's raised by his grandma. He told me he loved me and he wanted me to come over and play. I wept like a baby and went home. It was late so I visited him the next day. I don't think I could have done it that day and I'm not sure if I really have it in me to follow through with this, but the thought keeps popping in my head, this constant urge to sleep, to rest, to forget, to just get it over with. I'm scared that I might make a mistake and do myself in. That in one moment of anger, fear, or depression, I'll do something to myself that I can't reverse.