Close to suicideI’ve never been the best at explaining my emotions but i’m 18 currently and close to killing myself. ive had severe depression since 8yrs old and anxiety since first grade. i started cutting in 8th grade, have tons of scars on my thighs and just started again recently. i was too scared/embarrassed to tell anyone how i felt growing up so i never actually got a diagnosis but i know there’s something else that’s wrong with me cuz i’m so fucked up. i could list a whole bunch of mental issues im suffering from, like dissociating, bipolar, smaller things etc. (i find it hard for me to not self diagnose, it gives me some sort of comfort if i relate to the symptoms of one thing because maybe then i know what’s wrong) from being molested multiple times before second grade, excessive yelling by parents at a young age (not exactly sure why but i can’t remember most of my childhood, i guess due to trauma), choking myself when i was 9 multiple times, a bunch of other things like classic school situations, and a couple things i’m not proud to admitso i won’t say led me to this state. i’ve never had any real type of relationship with a girl, i’m deathly afraid of talking to girls which makes me think i’m gonna be alone for the rest of my life, both friends and partners. my best friend and only friend in the entire world, who’s helped me countless times because she can relate, barely cares about me anymore, she’s moving out of state and we haven’t seen each other in forever even tho she said we would hangout before she left, and she’s leaving in a few days. i am sick of living this life that i hate, everyone says just hold on it’ll get better but i’m such a pessimist i truly believe some people don’t ever get out of depression, or ever stop thinking about suicide or self harm, or anxiety. i’m seeing a therapist and getting medication soon but i feel like none of it’s going to help. i’m at the end of my rope. i don’t know what to do anymore. i’m afraid of being a failure in life, i want to do something music but my anxiety prevents me from even recording anything. i don’t have any energy or motivation, ive been drained of all my emotions and all that’s left is anger, hate and jealousy. i dropped out of school because of depression / marijuana addiction that’s still present, if i don’t succeed at music i’m gonna be stuxk at a shitty job i hate for the rest of my life. i’m afraid of dying because who the fuck knows what happens after. all that existential crap debilitates me, the fact we’re on a rock in space, aliens? i don’t fucking know anymore i’m rambling. 
i feel so hopeless, nothing matters anymore. there’s no point. i have some things that bring me incredibly small amounts of happiness, or a distraction from my problems but no energy to do them and i think “there’s no point if i’m gonna kill myself soon”. i can’t imagine me living another 60 years. i hate myself so much, i hate the world so much. i just want to end the pain. i don’t even know why i’m posting here. i have a plan to kill myself but i’ll probably be too scared to actually do it. i have so many feelings towards my only friend, a lot of it’s jealousy, anger, idk what else. she doesn’t put any effort in the friendship, she knows i have bad anxiety socits hard for me to actually go out, after a fight we had i thought we were for the better but i still felt the same feelings after. a lot of things she said made m mad but if i tell her she’s just gonna leave me. i’ve actually been trying to change, not do certain things i was doing to make her upset, trying to talk and have conversation more, TRYING to hang out and see her. but i guess she doesn’t care enough to see me, even though she can see all her other friends so many times in the apparent “busy schedule she has before college”. if i try to kill myself i’ll end up in a hospital hold of some kind i just know it, i’m scared of psych hospitals. i know i’ll end up lying  to the doctors just to get out of there. i’m truly afraid i’ll try to kill myself soon. within the next two weeks. if anyone replies to this it’ll shock me, i’m surprised someone will care.

if you get here thanks for reading