So confused and lost..Idk where to start this. I'm an emotional wreck at the moment and I have to get on a plane soon. I guess I'll start at the beginning. My grandparents led a fallacious marriage and in doing so many bad things happened, namely grandfather stabbing my grandmother and engaging in prostitution regularly as well as beating his kids. 
My mother was the eldest and carried her siblings through that mess. 
My mother married a man. Had a miscarriage and then a divorce. Married a second man. Was mistreated. Divorced. Remarried him. Had a kid (me) and was abandoned and stripped of all personal belongings and her bank accounts emptied (joint account) and credit cards maxed. 
My mom and I had to live with my grandparents until I was 10. My mothers brother use(s/d) crack and used to beat me and abuse the household. 
I also have Crohn's disease which I was diagnosed with at age 7. My mother worked multiple jobs to afford my health care but always blamed her lack of free time and money on me. 
My mother holds onto a lot of pain and stress and also used to beat me. 
And my grandfather who also was a very angry person beat me. 
I used drugs throughout high school to help cope with never feeling loved or adequate. 
I've had over 75 partners I've tried to use as a crutch. 
I came out as bisexual recently. 
And I'm 26 and still haven't finished my bachelors degree. 
I'm visiting my family for spring break and I got really depressed. Seeing my family is so hard because I can't help thinking that they all think I'm a piece of shit who will never get things right. 
Even though I'm the only person in my family to attempt a higher education I still feel like I'm a subhuman. I shouldn't have lived through the medical intensity. I should give up. Why waste the money on school and health care. Why keep trying? When my mother dies I'll be alone. I don't speak to anyone in my family other than my mother and my grandparents have passed. I can't hold a relationship together because I always get mad at myself for different things feel inadequate and often try and get external sources to compliment me or have sex with me and make feel worth while but it's fallacious. 
I love a girl so much but I've hurt her and she felt like an answer to me but I know I need to take care of myself and not use anyone as a crutch. But I don't know what to do. I'm so financially destitute and my mom doesn't want to help me. Although she's traveling to Europe tomorrow. 
I feel so out of place. I've attempted suicide in the past by ingestion of narcotics and had my stomach pumped. I just feel so much better when I'm numb to my mind. I see so many people around me happy with their families especially during spring break and I hate how I'm always so upset and feel like they don't even want me. I want them to want me and love me. And I don't think I'll ever feel that way. 