Don't really want to die but I'm hurting and aloneThis is going to be a bit of a ramble, so I'm sorry in advance. 


My life is so different than what I expected it to be by this age. I've moved from toxic relationship to toxic relationship, never finding a woman that's willing to compromise or even try making me happy. And when we ended the last relationship she pretty much ruined my life and self esteem but I won't go into that. I never started cutting until about halfway through that relationship just so I didn't feel dead any more. Now she's starting to contact me again and wanting to make things right but I don't want that any more. Still cutting though because I hate everything about myself. I want kids and I want a healthy marriage but that's so far away for me it's not even funny. I have no purpose, and she's only going to hurt me again and again and again. On top of all this, I'm being worked to death in a job I despise in the military. I have 2.5 years left on my contract but I don't think I can do it any more. My unit has the shittiest leadership I've ever seen in my life and I've already tried to transfer or change jobs and there's no way I can due to demand for my job. They never let up and the things I'm required to do day in and day out don't let me feel human any more. One of the guys in my unit saw my arm all cut up one day on accident (we usually wear long sleeves so this isn't an issue) and I convinced him they were from a cat. They always ask me why I'm so depressed but they have no idea. I'm constantly binge drinking alone in the parking lot because I despise being around them and that's usually when I go under the knife. I recently started going vertical but not where it needs to be cause I'm scared and don't actually want to die. But the pain feels good. I can't talk to anyone. Nobody will listen. My unit has one of the biggest suicide rates for a reason. And every single time the dudes that say they're gonna do it are made fun of and ridiculed. Called horrible names and are told to "suck it up" cause "we signed up for it". I hate my job. I hate my life. But I'm too scared to kill my self. I love my parents and siblings too much. If it wasn't for them I'd have been long gone. Still doesn't stop me from thinking horrible thoughts all the time. I'm sick. I need help. I don't know what to do. Sorry for rambling... please help me. I'm already dead inside and I used to be so happy. My life could be so much better. It's just... not. Please don't tell me it'll get better.. I promise you it won't.. not for a very long time and I can't do it 