Expiration DateI think society just throws some of us away.  No matter how hard we try we can't make anything of life.  I've been anxious since I was a little kid.  My parents terrorized me, wouldn't let me cry without shouting and shaming me.  I got depressed too.  But I found something I loved and I felt so much better.  It was my life, my purpose, my everything.  I lost that thing ten years ago when I injured myself.  

I tried everything to get better.  Until my parents said they wouldn't or couldn't spend anymore money on it.  And then I spent what money I had saved because I had to, I needed to.  It didn't work.  And I was more depressed than I could have ever imagined.  I had lost everything.  Not just the one thing I loved, but all plans for the future.  My parents, rather than caring about me, shouted at me because I was bothering them with my behaviour.  They said I was being rude.  They said I just had to get over it.  They didn't care.  Around the same time I developed a chronic pain condition.

Still, I kept trying.  And that was the huge mistake.  I was talked into a new career path and more education.  I was always good at school, so it was easier than facing things.  Just keep being a student.  So I went to professional school.  I did fine.  I graduated.  I wasn't happy, but I figured, just keep pushing, at least you will have a career and money.  I found a job and I was earning my certification.  I thought it was going well.  And then, my employer turned out to be abusive.

At first, he seemed like a nice guy.  The pay wasn't great, but it was a small business and my first position in the field, and the hours weren't bad at all, so really, it wasn't all that unexpected.  I could save money by living at home and wait to move to something better when I had experience.  But the moment I got my certification, things changed.  Suddenly, I was demanded to do the work of three people and being asked to work longer hours all the time.  I was being asked to do things I really didn't understand and wasn't allowed to ask basic questions.  At least once I was asked to do something unethical.  And when I would raise any objection or do anything not right, he would get upset with me, sometimes he would shout at me.  And so on.  The nice guy was gone.

Still, I struggled because I felt I had no choice.  Every morning, I cried in the car and thought about driving into a tree or off a bridge.  I often cried in my office as well when no one was around.  I thought about just running away and not caring what happened.  But I didn't because I thought if I just pushed on and got through it, I could get away from this horrible job and get something better.  I just focused hard on getting the work done and doing it right, as best I could.  But that didn't happen.  Last year, I was fired.  And he blamed me for not getting enough work done...

For the past nine, almost ten months, I haven't been able to find any work.  I have been looking most of the time.  For the first month, I didn't because I was so upset I couldn't get out of bed or eat, hardly at all, but other than that I have been looking.  I've had a couple of interviews, but one guy was clearly just fucking with me and the other went with someone else.  There just aren't so many opportunities for someone with little experience...unless you can move to Toronto and I'm not able to live there for health reasons.  This month, my benefits run out, and my parents have made it clear that despite past assurances, they are unwilling to help me.  They claim they are unable to do so, but I believe they are lying.  We don't live in a big home and I hear them talking all the time.  I know they have the means to help if they wanted.

What this means is that when I run out of money, I won't be able to afford the medication for my chronic pain condition.  Or the anxiety medication I take for panic attacks, which is actually a lesser issue - I don't get them all that often now that I'm not employed and hiding in the house.  I will be in a state that is not worth living.  I know that from when I first got sick, before I was diagnosed and treated.

What my parents have done is put an expiration date on my life.  I do not think it's likely I'll find a job before my savings run out.  I can stretch them to the end of the year, probably, because I think I'm getting a tax refund and I was saving up before I got fired.  Living at home and not leaving very often lets me cut expenses and stretch it out quite a bit.  But, given that it becomes less likely to be hired the longer a person has been unemployed and the lack of postings...I probably am not finding a job.

I'm not sure what the point of all this is.  I probably just wanted to tell someone.  I can't tell my parents.  They will just say that I am trying to manipulate them or being dramatic or whatever.  Or send me to the psych ward, which isn't really helpful based on what I understand they do there.  I'm not being irrational.  I'm still checking for jobs just in case.  But realistically, I know a time is coming where I will not physically be able to bear living.  Not just mentally.  I have a few months to get things in order and figure out how to arrange my exit so it's to my liking and that I don't fail.  Maybe less if their temperament sours in the meantime.