Feeling like a shellI don't know where to start so I will start with myself. Male, 20 years old, living in Switzerland, currently studying. I did my obligatory military service up to the rank of 2nd lieutenant.

For the past 4 years I've been feeling depressed. Since 3 years I've been contemplating suicide and harming myself. Thinking about suicide almost daily for about 2 years. In the last few months the urge to kill myself has grown more and more. This urge is based on the "emptiness" I'm feeling throughout the day. The sensation of feeling joy and other emotions is not gone, it's just overwhelmed soon after appearing.

In retrospect I think I brought this emptiness upon myself as a coping mechanism in order to function while being constantly afraid of my father. When I was younger(about ages 6-16) he would easily flip out and scream at anyone who dared to oppose him and he still does it by now. He would often call me names and try to slap me. If I tried to hide from him he would just get more angry and threaten to kick down the door of my room in which I barricaded myself in. As I got older(16) he would stop slapping me and just threaten me to throw me out of the house. 

This went on and on until I was 18 and started my military service which I mostly did in order to get away from him but also in order to obtain a firearm for my suicide. Don't get me wrong, the evaluation team did their job as best as they could but I lied straight in their faces and was obviously smart enough not to get caught. By the time I joined and during my service I felt way better than before. I probably was never this content with myself. Towards the end of my service I became more and more depressed knowing I would soon be living with my dad again since I couldn't afford renting an own place. I even spoke to a counselor of the army who strongly suggested living away from him even though I didn't tell him about any of the physical/psychological threats. Today I am still living with my parents but I got a place to move in by September. 

I made most of my preparations and am basically ready at a minutes notice if I am at home. Yet I won't do it tonight or tomorrow or any day this week. I've already guilt-tripped myself since I've been thinking about this way out, thinking about how my family and (not-too-close) friends would feel. 

For me it is not a question of "if" but more of "when" I will kill myself.

P.S. If I don't reply right away, don't worry I am just about to go to sleep as I am writing this.