I'd like to share my storyI'd like to share my story starting from when my life got out of hand. A few years back, my girlfriend of six years decided to break up with me. It wasn't a huge surprise or anything, I actually figured it was coming. I was unemployed, had a degree but I was busy constantly taking care of my father. He was diagnosed with  sorosis of the liver, along with a laundry list of other diseases, causing him to need a nurse. He got on disability and they have the option to allow someone to take care of you instead of getting a nurse. They add more money you get monthly to compensate, it's not a lot, but  it's enough to live on. So I put my fathers health above me finding a job, I told myself I could help him for a while and get him a nurse after he improves a little. Back to the girlfriend, she breaks up with me because she thinks I'm worthless, and in her defense, she isn't wrong. The break up caused me to start trying to turn my life around and try to get into shape. I ended up losing a decent amount of weight and my fathers condition improved enough where he wouldn't need a nurse and I could try to find a job. I even start dating another girl, but had to cut it off when my father started drinking again. This time was much worse than before, he used to drink but never really seem drunk, now he is in a constant state of inebriation to the point he can't remember anything. He just wakes up drunk and keeps drinking. I've tried hundreds of times to take him to hospitals for detox, sometimes they help and he just drinks when he get out, or they won't take him at all, or he just leaves during the process. It got to a point where he needed constant attention. I can't live with anyone else because whenever my father needs money, he get violent towards his mother, she has to live with us in her old age and if he needs money for more alcohol, I need to keep him away from her.  I've always struggled with depression and suicidal thoughts, I even tried last winter but caved. I'm starting to think about it again and have a plan that I seem to be comfortable with. I'm just wondering if there is any real reason I shouldn't. What I'm living now isn't really a life, I can't find a job due to everything, I can't leave because I need to care for my grandmother and no on will even try to help my father. 

Tl:dr my father is a drunk and I my life is shit.