Am i a jerk for venting to someone who clearly has it worse?(Sorry, i didnt really know where else to post this) 

I have a friend who gets abused by their parents very badly. I did get abused myself, but it was only emotional. They get it every way except sexual. I do have ptsd and other side affects from my own abuse, including suicide attempts, but i’m not doing much to fix it. I’m focusing on other stuff. I have nothing against people who get therapy, i encourage it honestly, i just want to try and go it alone first for personal reasons.

So this friend, well basically they used to mention that if i needed any therapy/venting to talk to them. But now when i mention anything of my life, they get angry and imply that i’m very sickening to be around.

At first i assumed maybe i vented too much, and kept it inside as much as possible. Which has been kinda good as i’ve learned to keep things inside more. But whenever i vent anything, i get mocked by them. Until last night i assumed it was my anxiety making up lies but then they basically admitted it. 

Whenever i said “i feel like i’m acting entitled” they would say
“Yeah, you are”. But when i press further they just shrug it off. I begged them to tell me, but they never said anything. 

I’ve helped them through 2 suicide attempts, never met them irl but they keep begging me to visit their country. They keep telling me that they love me (as a friend), but every day i see less and less of that. They dont say goodbye anymore unless prompted (i still say it), they barely say that they like me and they only say nice things in heartfelt moments.

Usually when i think someone hates me i leave them alone forever, but when i did the second suicide attempt happened. So i’m too scared to do that now.

I dont want to leave them because i want to avoid them dying but i just want to know.. am i the asshole for venting to someone who clearly has it worse?

(Quick edit for a clarification): Yes, i do listen to their vents and i always ask how they are, its part of the reason why i feel so confused as to why they’re so angry.