I feel like I actually would, if I had an easy way right now...I'm honestly a bit scared to post this, as I've heard that some people like to call the cops for people, and if someone does decide to do that for me, it'd just make things a hell of a lot worse, but, here goes...

I've been going through depression, suicidal thoughts, and multiple forms of anxiety, since I was about 15 or so. I am now 23, and these issues have only become worse over time.
I have no motivation, as I feel that I have no chance in anything, so, why bother trying?
I can't hold a job. I always get fucked over when I do get a job. I probably haven't worked long enough to get disability, though, I do know that I would qualify, so, that's nice.
As for my chances of finding a g/bf... Who the fuck wants to date a man that can't hold a job, as very low self-esteem (assuming I even have any left), is constantly depressed, suicidal, and has anxiety issues, and, is quite honestly, an asshole? Add in the fact that I'm pansexual, and, I feel a mixture of people not understanding what that is, and, an increase of people claiming pansexuality, to where people just assume that people who say they're pans are SJWs, or are attention starved, and, there's even less of a chance for me.
I've been distancing myself from my family ever since I moved in with my friend, and for no good reason. I love my family, but, due to my fucking anxiety, I can't even talk to people sometimes, without thinking I'm bothering them, and that includes my family.
Though, my dad does add to my anxiety, since the asshole apple doesn't fall far from the hypocritical, ultra-conservative, jackass tree who makes me feel like shit every time I'm around him...

I have been thinking more seriously and more constantly about suicide lately. I have been envisioning myself committing suicide in multiple ways since I woke up today. (My suicidal thoughts have never been this bad. They're usually just me feeling like absolute shit and wanting to die, though, lately, I've been having random thoughts of suicide for no reason. Like, I'd be fine, having a good day, playing some video games, or something, and then, out of nowhere, I'd be thinking" Huh... I could kill myself right now..."...)

Today, though, I see myself as nothing more than a worthless unemployable, unlovable, burden on my friend and his parents who have to take care of me because I fucking can't.
I just want to lie in bed and sleep all day, until I die.

I feel like everybody would be better off if I was gone, and, if I had access to an easy and painless enough way, I feel like I would take that option right now.