Made an account because I've been feeling more lost than usual lately..To give a bit of history. 19 year old male. I started experiencing some symptoms of depression when I was 17. Started therapy in October of 2011 and turned 18 towards the end of October. Was recommended by my therapist to see a psychiatrist at his firm, psychiatrist diagnosed me with major depression in late November/early December. Started treatment to try and kick the depression.

Obviously I'm here because everything has failed. I turned 19 3 months ago and am still deep in depression. I've switched psychiatrists once partway through 2012 and I like my new psychiatrist a lot more but nothing seems to help with my depression, though the sleeping aid I've been taking seems to be helping some. Most of the anti-depressants I've taken have either helped only a little, none, or made me feel worse until I got off them.

I identify as gay and came out in 2011 around the time I started therapy, and I think trying to accept this aspect of me helped throw me into depression in the first place. Towards the end of August in 2011 my best friend also tried to kill himself though another friend and I managed to save his life by contacting emergency authorities in time to reach him. I believe that was another big factor that sent me overboard into depression. I also have really bad anxiety at times, though it was mostly a problem before I graduated. It was crippling and painful at times, I'd go whole days where my stomach was just sick and I'd feel agony because I was so anxious. I also struggle with some possible transgender issues though I can't figure out my feelings regarding them. They are tearing me apart recently though and I can't seem to shake them even though I tell myself it doesn't matter right now.

So basically, depressed for well over a year now, no end in sight as I don't seem to be getting better and have actually been getting worse again as winter deepens. I feel like there's no hope and I feel stupid and worthless all the time. I have trouble getting out of bed and I have trouble motivating myself to do things. Activities I used to enjoy such as video games or reading have diminished to the point where I haven't read since I became depressed and play maybe 1 game a day. The rest of my time is spent trying to talk to friends or staring at the walls listening to music. I spend a great deal of my time lying in bed because I feel so bad and can't bring myself to do anything, nor enjoy it if I manage to.

Still try to go out for walks most days with my mom since I can't run anymore due to painful shin splints. She and my father have both been supportive of my depression and my gayitude.

Despite this I've felt myself slipping. Lately all I think about is being dead, killing myself, ways I would hurt myself. I tell all this to my friends and my psychiatrist but unfortunately they all admit to not knowing what to say and I don't blame them. I want to make it all end and have the bad feelings stop.

Just looking for some shoulders I guess...

