What value does my life have?What inherent value does any person's life have for that matter?

There is no evidence to support the claim that we have any cosmic significance whatsoever or any intrinsic value. 

What meaning is there to life? And if there is no meaning then why preserve it? Why shouldn't I kill myself on a fundamental level? 

I constantly struggle to understand why one human should treat another human well. Why we should value one another. The most logical answer is that having a conscience increases reproductive success and is therefore evolutionary advantageous. 

But if the whole point of life is to self-replicate and the whole point of valuing the lives of others is just to increase reproductive success, and neither of these things have any significance of their own... well what's the point?

I know that it's nonsense to try to assign value to a life in terms of cosmic significance, and life can only be valued because of the experiences that life affords... but I also know that I instinctively want to think that because I'm hard wired to. Because to think otherwise tempts suicide and that threatens my sense of self-preservation, destroying my chances to reproduce. 

My post is both an intellectual question and an outcry for help because no amount of philosophy seems to be able to answer these questions and they've been constantly on my mind for over a year now (ever since I realized religion is a hoax) and it's getting to the point where I can't function and I can't think about anything else. 

The other day I was at Prom with my girlfriend and I was trying really hard to enjoy myself for her sake. At one moment I had an empty can of soda in my hand. I thought about the fact that my life is no more significant than this empty coke can. It has no more inherent meaning and no more worth. And then I crushed the can and threw it away. 

If this post offends you then you probably don't have a whole lot of help to offer me. If you relate to me then PLEASE say something. 