I need someone to hear meI don't even know what I need people to hear. I don't have anyone to talk to. No one to reach out to. No one to hear me.

I feel like I have a ball of hot lead in my chest burning me from the moment i wake till the moment I fall asleep. I would say Im angry but that isn't the right word. If I let my guard down for even a split second my hands shake with rage. Im so tired of being angry.

Angry at the world
Angry at the people I see
Angry at my job
Angry at my bosses
Angry at my family
Angry at my friends
Angry at my self

I know I have a good life, I know i do. I have a decent job, making decent money. I drive a nice car that im paying for myself. I live in a nice home in a safe neighborhood. I have access to clean water, and food. I know objectivly that i live WAY better than most humans on this planet. That being said...

I hate my life. I never asked to be born, if i could have i would have passed on the whole fucking thing. I don't want to be here. So far as I can tell life is nothing but lonely misserable pain. I never asked for this, I never wanted this, I don't need any of this.

As far back as i can remember, no one, not any friend, colleague, nor familly memeber has EVER looked me in the eye and really asked me "Are you ok?" My phone doesnt ring. People don't want to talk to me. People don't look for me. People don't care about me.

I think about killing myself every day. I want to kill myself. Im done living. Im done fighting for my meager existance....

(let me take a moment: Part of what adds to my frustration and anger at my self is that last sentence. "fighting for my meager existance" as ive stated before, i know that i have a good life. I really do and i should be gratefull and happy, but im not! And that just makes me even more enraged! FUCK!!! I HATE ALL OF IT, AND I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHY!!!)

The only reason I havn't killed myself is because of my mother. She created and raised me, putting forth all the time money and effort, I can't repay all that by just ending my life. 
That being said what she doesn't know can't hurt her, and after she dies im gone. All my other familly fucked off to other places that I can't get to. None of them have called me for any reason in years!

What does it feel like to have people love you?
What does it feel like to see that your friend is calling you just to talk?
What does it feel like to have some one tell you they love you to your face?
What does it feel like to hold a lover in your arms?
What does it feel like to have someone stop by just to see if you're ok, because "I havn't heard from you in a few days"?

I am alone. I have never formed a genuine connection with anyone.
not my mother, not my closest friend, no one.
I feel weak and pathetic, I feel like an oversensative piece of shit that just can't handle things.

I want to cry untill I can't see.
I want to scream untill i can't breath and pass out.
I want my friends to call me.
I want my familly to care about me.
I want my job to not feel like slavery.
I want to fuck a beautiful person.
I want to race my car.
I want to practice martial arts.
I want to dream.

I don't want to be alive any more.
Im done being angry, frustrated and ignorant. Im so confused and conflicted about so very many different things. I feel like all I truly understand is hate, rage, anger, frustration, fear, anxiety, and sorrow.

what does love feel like?
what does happiness feel like?
what does it feel like to be content?
Whats it like with no stress?
What does it feel like to have no hot ball of lead burning away inside your chest blackening your flesh and buring all emotions away.

No one has ever really listened to me. No one can tell me how to fix my problems, but I know of one solution.

I can kill my self.

No more anger
No more frustratiion
No more pain
no more lonliness
no more confusion
no more fighting
no more hate
no more anything
no more, just no more

All of it gone, forever. I don't know what im alive.
Why do I keep trying, why do I keep fighting?
So I can keep paying my bills?
keep being rejected by every woman i have every persued?
keep fighting my own way of thinking just to people will think im normal?

The futility of life is immense, and insurmountable. I don't get it, I really have nothing. Nothing of substance. Nothin that makes me happy.

I have nothing
I am nothing
I want to die
I want to kill myself

At this point it feels like im keeping myself alive out of some sort of habit, or compulsion. Like how you can hold your breath but ultimatly your going to breath again. But in some strange way i can feel my will to live seeping out of me. I'm so confused and scared and lonely. I don't know who I am, what i want, or where im going.
I am not exactly an objective observer, but to me i feel like this just reads like the inept rantings of some weak willed nothing.

Can you hear me? Hearing, can you comprehend? Comprehending can you help me?

someone...
anyone...
please...