Because theres no one else.Well im not entirely sure about why im doing this this far in to it, but perhaps it could be that in the end we would like to be "heard".
This isnt a cry for help nor a ploy for attention, i merely want to convey my thoughts(witch i never shared with anyone after all these years), and since theres no one in my life to share with anymore, maybe if i post and one person reads it i could die wit a little less in my mind.

In short, i was always a happy child, despite the fact my family moved a lot(countries, cities you name it) i always managed to have people around me, i guess it becomes second nature to make friends once you have to move so much. I never really knew why but back then i truly believed in karma, you know goes around comes around, do to others what you would like to be done to you, and aspired my self to really be there for people(probably mostly because i always knew the possibility of moving and perhaps i wanted to make an impact on people and make them remember me somehow, and at this point i cant really remember if it was selfish reasons or just being nice).

I could say that at the age of 17 that was the beginning of the downwards spiral that became my life. At that age theres really one thing going trough a boys mind and that is GIRLS, despite my repulsive outwards appearance(bold at the age 19, more hair in my body then a gorilla, just to name a cpl) i met a young lady that wanted to share a special moment with me. Everything was perfect, however i couldnt rise for the occasion... she leaves disappointed, i craw inside my head, shame, fear, desperation, "how could this happen to me " over and over and over in my head(later i would realize i am impotent and theres no treatment for me they couldnt even find a cause is like i was predestined to fail). The inevitable did happen, she told someone talk told someone else and soon enough too many people knew about the incident. However i did not let that bring me down, i kept going living by my "karma", i would always keep telling my self that if you pt in the time eventually things would work out, that was just nothing but a thing. Eventually after a few more attempts and fails the mind starts to wonder...

At around 22yo i began my tru battle within, i gave up on love and try to focus on friendship, the idea was that if i cannot find one soul to share the rest of my life with instead i could be within a collective of good vibes. That was me inventing my mechanism to hope for a "normal" life, however theres no true despair without hope, and as you see everyone you know sharing relationship stories, all i could do is sit quiet in the circle and hope no one would pan up to me, and if they did i lied and would make up a story, for every lie i felt a little part of me died inside and eventually all i had left was emptiness, ever consuming thoughts of "why me, why me" raged inside my head and i began to distance from everything and everyone. After that i was only left with a hand full of "friends", the majority left me to my fate.

A couple years later abandoning all i ever lived by(karma) and probably consumed by depression, i tried to reach out to the people left in my life, meet with a couple of friends and tried to tell them how i felt and how i was drifting. They understood and offer a word or two, while little by little distancing them selves or perhaps it was me moving away, its difficult to know and its easy to blame other people for leaving you behind, but can they really help someone that maybe just maybe didnt want to be helped? i really reflected a lot about that, and while in solitude i still managed to have a job to pay bills and you know live.... 

For those wondering wheres family in all this, the answer is nowhere. Family to me means nothing, they are but people bound to you by imaginative ties, blood line dictate the level of caring people give you is like they say "mothers love knows no bound", so how could i ask for help, or even comment on a matter of existence to a entity that will unequivocally do anything for their kin. Its border line fairy tail and although genuine it isnt fair.

Now at the age of 32 you can catch me at a local bar pondering over witch came first the curse or the thirst, and trying to figure out witch one is worse. The plan is to spend all my savings and then move on, but you know, one thing i cant explain is why did i really waited this long to trow it out the wind and finally take that logical step... although i battled with existence on a daily basis perhaps i never though death as an inevitability... thats a nice sentiment...

In the end life is a crap-shoot, some people just get a good roll of that dice and get to enjoy all that is to life, and i do envy them.












 

