HopelessI often feel like I'm living the same events over and over again.  I put myself in positions to fail and be disappointed/miserable with myself.   I then spend years trying to fix it, only to do it again.  I'm a 21 year old senior in college with no friends, no job, no girlfriend, no purpose.  I graduate in a few months and am currently looking for an internship that will hopefully lead me to my first real job.  Just the thought of going from a major I don't care about to a 9-5 job that I also won't care about makes me sick.  I have a couple friends who feel the same way.  How the fuck am I actually supposed to do the same thing for 40 years?  I can't even get a damn interview to begin with.

It mostly feels like I've wasted my college years away.  Everyone tells me these are supposed to be the best years of my life - well if that's true, I'm fucked.  Plain and simple.  I almost regret not going to a party school simply due to the fact that I'm so fucking lonely.  I've met NOBODY (except for one girl I recently met who I'm interested in.  She's almost 100% dating/more interested in someone else, and as always, she probably thinks of me as just a friend, or maybe even nothing at all. I thought she was interested at one point, but I don't have a damn clue anymore.  Maybe it was all a joke.  I probably should just say fuck it and go for it, but I'm a bitch.  I got two weeks left with her so idk wtf I'm gonna do).  At this point I'm just fucking chasing anything to make me feel  important or purposeful.

It always ends the same for me.  I want to know what a loving relationship feels like, but clearly I'm not cut out for it.  After years of being the nice guy, I have become the bad guy.  Not by choice, but by my lack of control over myself.  The whole "nice guys finish last" thing is bullshit.  I haven't been a good person in years and I'm still at the bottom.  I am a burden that no one wants to be around. 

The only way I can remotely feel at ease is if I live a lie and pretend that all is well with me.  I've been doing it on and off for three years now.  It's hard to keep appearances up.. actually, it's impossible. Those bad days I have are where I give myself away and drive everyone away from me.  They don't want to be around someone as negative as me.  I get it and I'm trying, I really am.. but I can't shake the spite, envy, sadness, anger, and loneliness.  There are high school kids who have more adult experience than me - sex, relationships, working, partying, etc.  At this point, I feel like I need to completely change my personality to be someone I'm not.  Who I am isn't working and hasn't gotten me anything but used and left for dead.