An unfortunate end of a forgettable soulIts a long one.
I guess this is it, huh.
Long story short: 20y.o failing university for the second time in a row (I still haven't passed the exams from last semester), lying in bed, feeling empty and wishing for it to end.
I am a jumble of conflicting feelings, tbh. I dont want to live - that much is obvious, I guess - my existence has dragged on for long enough for me to become a big nuisance to my family. I dont have the will in me to continue, and I would never admit to my family that I have been depressed for nearly ten years now. Its not only that I dont trust them (I don't - not when it counts), but I don't want to impose my damage on them. They have done everything in their power to help me settle in this life - and I am going to fuck it up yet again.
I am a failure( that much is obvious) and I have no one to blame but myself. Worse - a parasite, that have been sucking resources from those who need it more. The hatred and loathing I feel towards myself is immense, but it dulled over the years.
I have tried - not very vigorously, i have to admit - to find a job and keep up with my studies, to lead that goddamn adult life that everyone seemed to grab a hold onto much faster than me. But I don't function like everyone else. I am too expendable to be noticed by anyone, with no interesting personality to show or particular skill set to demonstrate. Every rejection,, be it job application or a friend proposal, every little mistake stung, but not like 'oh, well, I should learn something from it and just go on trying'. It served as a proof of my incompatibility to life itself, as if everything that I try to do leads to nothing, like I am trying to break through a concrete wall with only the force of my fists.
 I am not stupid, but not nearly as smart as my parents. I do lack a lot in social interactions, especially stressful ones or where I am at risk making a fool out of myself. I would avoid them at all cost, with little to no explanation other than 'what if those people would laugh at my stupidity and think i am an idiot?'
But I am also a coward, because I have been meaning to end it all for years, and I should have done it three years ago, before I went to uni.
And yet, I feel calm, somehow. The thought of death doesn't scare me nearly as much as it should, rather a thought of me somehow fucking things up and surviving. I dont want to feel pain, and I know there is no painless method of suicide.
 I am not yet fully ready to commit, my mind finds distractions in cleaning my stuff and deleting all information from my PC and phone. Maybe I am second-guessing myself. Maybe I am even more of a coward than I thought. Maybe all this calm is akin to compartmentalization, and I am just fooling myself into thinking I am fine with it.
I have already done all the preparations with the method of my choice (thats a first - before that it never got to buying a rope), but I got spooked by my roommate, so for now I am waiting for them to leave. 
Thank you for everyone who had read my whining. Sorry for any grammar, punctuation or/and spelling mistakes, English is not my native tongue.