When I think of myself, I feel a sickening sense of hatred. I feel as though I've peaked (although a very small peak) at a young age.Sorry if this doesn't make any sense, first post ever kinda.
Thanks in advance for reading.
I've always had high expectations for myself. ive always been proud of certain things. But now, everything I do seems to be getting worse, while everyone is getting better at it.
I don't feel comfortable at all in my own skin, wanting to crawl out of it and be someone who has a high functioning life.
I've gained weight, so much and I can't stop it. 
As a person for whom sports is important, that sucks a ton. I'm good at nothing, and I know when you get to university, and older, only those who are great (or even alright) at something which is their passion, get in and succeed. Soccer, I suck and I'm only getting worse while everyone is getting better. 
High school tryouts are soon, and I just might not try out because I've practiced with everyone trying out, I'm only getting slower and fatter. 

I've lost who I am, and it generates a sucking want to just crawl out of my own skin, because well, I'm a crappy person. How can everyone be nice, and confident, even those who I used to judge. I'm becoming the people whom about I used to think "how can you just not put in the effort to do so and so". No one likes me, I've managed to be a terrible friend, and everyone only sees me slide further into my loss of any self esteem and ability to do well in anything whatsoever. im seriously considering just wanting to die, possibly by stabbing as I believe I deserve the pain. I'm too lazy to fix anything in my life. And it pisses me off. I'm not proud in any way of who I am. And so, I guess I feel as though I should die because hating yourself is painful (although deserved). I don't really have anyone to talk to, I tried talking to one of my good friends, he just said shut up. My mom asked me what the heck my problem was. I guess I have one teacher who I befriended I she emailed me saying she's be there for me "forever" after I pulled a big party for her, and idk she just liked me. But I dont want to burden her with this, what can she even do. (Not trying to make a big deal out of the teacher, but she isn't my teacher anymore btw, until a few years in the future when I have her again) I just want to see if someone can tell me how I can get my life back together. 
Thank you for listening and reading this large schmurfle of words. Sorry you had to. 
Thanks again to anyone who says anything.