Life puts so much pressure on me, like it would be better to end my problems.It's not pussy-ing out, it's the pain. I don't usually post here but I need to, because I keep on wondering how I will make it alive for the next years. Too much bullshit and I want it to end, it won't end by complaining to my parents, so why not take initiative? 

Education was never a strong suit, especially math. Every year work gets harder and I feel so stupid and left behind. It's boring and frustrating as fuck, I eat everyone's dust and stay behind and do my work, my parents think it's laziness, it's legit hard and the pressure and anxiety it puts on me is TOO much now.

And then I live in a conservative Christian house. I'm homoflexible, but they don't know. On a regular basis I hear them bash gay people and talk about how they will burn in the imaginary place known as hell. It hurts and it offends me, the only time I can be myself is hear on Reddit. I'm forced to pray when I am a closet atheist, I have to suppress my feelings and who I am, and that wont change anytime soon.

My social anxiety and confidence is low. I get headaches and feel everyone is looking at me. I  feel like I may be too ugly, or too effeminate, or whatever hurtful words I was called years ago and even now.

And I a have no friends because this school year I was homeschooled, that's going to change next year but I still feel alone. My confidence is low, I'm not like other boys, still difficult schoolwork and still have to hide my identity. How will I survive next year, and the year after that, and God Forbid the year after that?!

I can't listen to "It Gets Better"  because that's too long, and it's really hard to explain how I feel. Not wanting to get up the next morning, hoping time flies to adulthood, hope you get smarter and can fit in and be yourself without worrying about rejection or ridicule, to be you and feel like you are just as much as a human as everyone else. I feel ugly, I feel like a bitch, a pervert, a fucking faggot is what they called me and rings in my head, i feel like all these things.

And I wish I could just do something to stop life, to be at peace. There's reasons why I am alive, but the urge just grows and grows, and my head is bursting, I want to die, BADLY.