I’m just sitting here all lonely, thinking about killing myself. Hi everyone,

I don’t know if it’s the good place for this. English is not the first language I learned, there will definitely be mistakes. 

Tonight is a really rough night. Last Wednesday night I was ready to kill myself, but I passed out drunk before finding how I will do it. Tonight I’m ready once again. I don’t know what’s happening with me. I’m tired all the time, but I can’t sleep. It’s really hard to start my day, I need a lot of strength. I cry all the time. I writing this post on Reddit tonight because nobody knows about how I feel and I want to keep it secret for the moment. I don’t want to put my family in constant fear of having someone suicidal close to them. I once was happy, a couple of years ago… There is a voice inside my head telling me that I can be happy again, but the voice is more and more quiet every day. 

A couple of years back, I had a ton of friends. It was easy for me to go out and chill. I din’t even have to text my friends, it was obvious that we were going the be together. During this time, it was not surprising for me to be with friends 7 nights a week. Years have passed, I’m way closer to 30 than to 20 years old. I lost most of my friends. Some moved in another city, some bought a house, some had children. They don’t have money and time to go out anymore. I understand that and I’m not angry about it, but sometimes I really sad because I miss the good old times. Things start changing 3 years ago approximately. Opportunities to go out were already rare 3 years ago, but it’s a this time that I realized it’s hard for me to be lonely. Today I’m able to go out with a friend about 1 or 2 times a month if I’m lucky. I’m not on Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook anymore, it was too hard to see people being happy. I deleted my Instagram when I saw my friends together in a bar close to where I live. They didn’t invite me, they don’t invite me anymore, which sadden me even more. I’m know I’m not a cool guy, I’m not entertaining, I’m not the one starting the discussion. I tried in the past 3 years to be a better person, a more friendly person. It didn’t work. I tried to do my best to avoid being lonely. The fact that I’m writing this tonight is the proof that I failed.

I can write about how my job sucks, but I already wrote too much stuff.

I’m just sitting here all lonely, thinking about killing myself. My face is corroded by tears. My selfish mind is dragging me through hell. My short-circuited brain is a coward. I’m not in command, I’m just a passenger of my life. My hands are shacking. My breath is short. 

Why does it have to be like this? How do you go out of this hole? Where am I going? Am I sick or not just a fit in this world? I can see what was wrong. I can’t pretend I was right.

I’m will do by best to go see psychologist in the following days. I need support for the moment I guess. I’m not a good person, and deep down inside me I know nothing will save me. It’s just a matter of time.

Thanks to anyone reading this, you are my last friends. My last chance. My last breath.