I need to express myself.I NEED to express myself to someone. So i figured id come somewhere that realistically... nobody knows me. Nobody knows who i am, how i got here. I dont really use reddit. Infact this is my first post. But im here now.

These past weeks i have gone through a rollercoaster of emotions. From being the happiest man alive to realising how much of a fuck-up i am. Wether it be im the happiest man alive to feeling the the shittest i have since the last time i cut. Funny, i never even thought id cut. Or start smoking. but here we are. I started out this week okay. Was very casual. Not very depressed. I was at my nans actually, she lives in a little cottage in a field in essex. Besides the point. This final day i was there i realised stuff i shouldnt. The person i liked was high and when your high your just more you. She was being moody and you know. etc. And thats when i realised. Thats when this rollercoaster began. And so i just sat there in tears of pain realising what had happpened. After i was done crying (i was home, 250 miles away by the time i had) Id had realised. Id gone into a depressive spiral again that lasts for a few months. Like an episode where im more fragile i guess. something like that. 4 or 5 days have passed now. Every night i have been fragile. And specifically in these past two nights i have gotten worse. However imbertween i was happy until the night. I called the person i liked about 3 days ago and i was the happiest man alive. We sat speaking for 6 hours. Shes depressed too and shes amazing. The next day we called again. but only for 20 mins or so. Her sister was there making it awkward and they were argueing. I didnt know what to say so i began texting her asking her if shes okay. The call then ends and i get this message "Im just going to sleep im sorry &lt;3". I felt horrible. I obviously asked why. And "her sister was annoying her" was what came out. It was after i realised well yeah. She doesnt like me at all. She never went to sleep. Im sure of that. She asked me if i was okay 20 mins later. I said i was fine. But i just slowly felt worse and worse. i have no idea why but i  just feel in agony... in pain. Then today she said to me "i wanna watch a horror movie with alchahol" and you know. etc. She said specifically her best friend and this lad that happens to be my best friend. I said i was gunna offer her to but meh. I was feeling shit by this point. i expressed myself and said somewhere that i had no friends. And i got the reply "neither do i. my "friends" and not "aqquantences" are you, (my bestfriend) and (her bestfriend) (not saying names) " and we kept on going. It was this that really hit me... like a train... the train i want to jump in front of. "i like you and (my best friend) in different ways. and then i realised. she likes him and wants me as a friend. right now i just dont know what to do you know. im just in my own sea of darkness. i know this is a long post and it might not be against the guidlines and if it isnt then im sorry. i just need to let myself out.