I think I might be doneI've been hanging on by a thread for a few years and now I've lost the one thing that motivated me and kept me going, my dog. My ex wife has taken her and moved out of state and as of a few weeks ago blocked me on everything including the dogs Instagram. This is something she swore she would never do and she did it out of nowhere.

I(M28) have been depressed for as long as I can remember but always managed to convince myself things would get better. About 3 and a half years ago my ex(F28) and I got a divorce, I knew it was coming but still a mess. All I had then was my dog(F6) and she was the reason I kept going everyday. I didn't remove my ex from my life because I'm a pushover and knew she still loved the dog very much, she also just knew how to make me do anything she wanted. I spent the next 2 and a half years with that dog by my side litteraly 24/7 thanks to a job where I work alone. I loved that dog more than you can imagine, I saw her as my daughter and on one occasion put myself between her and a stray pitbull that was trying to rip her throat out. Walks with her were the happiest I've ever been in my life. About 6 months ago my ex got a good job with great pay out of state. I fought her over it but eventually she convinced me to let her take the dog because she will be able to provide for her better, and like I said she just knows how to get her way. When I agreed to this she said she would never do anything to stop me from seeing or visiting my dog. Since then my life already turned to shit, I lost my job, had to move in with family, more miserable than ever, but at least I could see new pictures of my dog everyday and talk to and see her on a pet cam my ex had given me access to. 3 weeks ago out of nowhere, just in time to make the holidays even worse, my ex blocks me from all social media accounts including the one she made just for the dog, and would answer none of my attempts to reach out and see what happened by email.

I apologize for any bad spelling or other mistakes I'm on mobile. Also on a throwaway because my family knows my real account.

TLDR/ Ex wife took my dog and won't let me see her. That dog is 100% the reason I'm still alive today, I don't think I can make it without her.