I want to be murderedI don’t know how else to word it, but I want someone to kill me. Does anyone else have a similar experience?

I don’t know if it’s me being suicidal or me having a self harm problem but I have wanted to be killed for years. I used to want to kill myself a lot but I could never do that to my family. But if I was murdered they wouldn’t have to know how much I wanted it. Im not even that depressed anymore. I’m not happy and I do want to die some days but not too often. I’m mostly ok, things are looking up. But I still can’t shake this desire to be killed. 

I think about it a lot. I’ve described my ideal death as being doped up on drugs and thrown into a fight ring where I get my ass beat once before in conversation with friends. The idea of being killed is so alluring and I don’t know why I can’t shake it. It’s an escape to some extent from the guilt I feel towards suicide. If I’m not the one pulling the trigger I don’t feel bad about dying. 

The whole process sounds so amazing. The intense fear, the rush, the pain. Getting shot in the gut and realizing “oh shit. I’m going to die here” then falling to the ground in a slow drawn out painful death where I slowly fade out of consciousness. The dread of dying and the intensity of the feeling is so tempting. When I die I want to really feel it because I can only do it once.

I know this is a really unhealthy fantasy and being murdered would probably actually suck, but I still want it real bad. I’ve tried to off myself a few times but could never finish the job, but it felt sooo good when I tried to. Feeling the rope tighten around my neck as the oxygen was slowly cut off from my brain. The warmth and slowly encroaching numbness was amazing. Feeling my body shut down piece by piece. The ecstasy of that moment is something I’ll never forget. All of my pain melted away and I was in such a wonderful state of absolute peace. Then last minute the guilt set in and took me away from my bliss. I quickly undid the rope and sat in my guilt for awhile. I haven’t tried again since, but part of me still wants to.

I want that again. I want to feel myself fade out but more with more intensity and pain than before. It’s never gonna happen, I don’t know where I’d find someone willing to kill me, but I want it real bad some days. Maybe if it happened I’d run away even, instincts kick in. But I hope I wouldn’t or at least that I wouldn’t get away. I’m safe for now. I refuse to kill myself. I don’t want that kind of control. When I die I want my life entirely in someone or something else’s hand. I want them to be the one to who made me die and I want them to feel good about it. 

I feel bad about this fantasy. It’s really fucked up, and I wish I didn’t have it but I can’t shake it. It’s not as bad as it once was. I only think about it maybe 3-5 times a week, but still. Idk. I just needed to vent. Does anybody have any insight? Maybe a similar experience?