looking out over my balcony wondering if I should just end itIve never posted here before but today I've been so depressed I feel like I just want to end it. The last couple years have been the worst in my life. 

It all started with my mom getting cancer just when I graduated high school, after fighting it for about a year she passed away. Shortly there after my grandmother and grandfather bother died of cancer. For a while I felt like I was numb, like there was no where I could go but my girlfriend was there and supporting me through the whole thing. 

A few months ago my remaining grandmother moved 7 hours north to be with my uncle. My dad is selfish and his step wife hates me. She recently told me that I was the reason every relationship that has ever been around me has dissolved. Including the relation ship with my mom and step dad. I found out shortly after her death that he had been fucking my moms best friend. I thought I could have gotten through all this but today I found out that the girlfriend that helped me through all this that I loved more than anything for the last 4 years has been cheating on me. We've never been on and off we were solid until a couple months ago she started avoiding me, ignoring my text messages and just blowing me off. We tried working on it but just recently she told me the fucking harsh reality that she never even loved me. She stayed with me because she felt guilty that my mom died and that the sex was good. One night not to long ago she burst into my apartment and we ended up sleeping together. She didnt tell me she was off the pill and ended up getting pregnant. She cried when she found out and instantly decided to have an abortion. I never thought I would feel bad about not having a kid. Ive always been the guy to say I never wanted kids but it just really hit me hard. After we went through that and I saw her through it and we started hanging out like regular again. She told me she stopped seeing the other guy but tonight she told me she was lying.  She told me that it wasnt that I didnt give her emotional support or that i didnt please her physically its that I just didnt make her happy. That I bored her. And that this other fucking guy makes her happy. 

Ive got no family, and the family that I built with my girlfriend is gone, im stuck in a job thats not in my field and at this point i feel like I cant stop thinking about looking in her eyes. I just feel numb. I dont really want to go into work tomorrow at 7am, and the pavement at the bottom of my balcony is looking like the best option right now. 