Today is the day, I guessHi, I'm using a throwaway for this, since I don't want this post to be found by anyone I know.


I'm just so damaged. I can't go on. 

My emotions are a rampant shitstorm. I'm being dragged around by my BPD and eating disorder. I can never have a break, always constantly obsessing over my body image and calories, or being an emotional wreck unable to function normally. My body physically hurts from the pain I experience during this.


I have tried to get help. Countless hospitalizations, therapists, self help books, peer support, medication... nothing has ever helped me. It's not that I don't want to get help. I prayed for help desperately so many times. I just don't know what to do anymore.  I physically cannot continue.


I feel like such a monster. My life is literally perfect, I have such an amazing family, financial stability, education - everything I need. Yet I'm being a fucking failure, wasting the potential that has been given to me. I used to be such a bright kid. I used to love knowledge with all my heart. I was really talented when it came to art and I was on the way to become a very successful show jumper. I have always loved animals so much. Now I'm 18, entering my last year of high school with graduation exams that I know I'm going to fail - if I live long enough, that is. I threw away all of my hobbies and can't even bring myself to get out of my bed most days. I feel like my whole life is over.


I am going to damage so many people when I kill myself - my parents, my loving friends that I somehow managed to get even though I'm such a disgusting creature. I am so torn. But even knowing that, I have no strenght left to live. God, forgive me. Everyone, please forgive me. Nothing is an excuse for what I'm going to do. I know I have so much to live for. I know I'm too young. I know. I know. I'm so sorry.


I'm going to do it today. Or in the next three days, it doesn't matter anymore. These are my last days. I have sleeping pills I managed to smuggle to my country somehow. I bought a pile of paracetamol pills. And if I somehow fail, my apartment is located on the eight floor. I'll jump. 
I'm currently tidying up my room and texting my friends to make sure that they know I care about them . And when it's time to go to sleep, I'll do it. 


It's so strangely comforting, like it's my fate. Like it's the only good thing I can do for this world. 
I don't know why am I posting this here. I pretty much made up my mind. Maybe it's a little bit of my remaining optimism. 
Nevertheless, thank you for reading this insignificant person's whinings. Would anyone please talk to me a bit, as the night is coming closer? It gets a bit lonely.