My life has always revolves around suicideThat is what my life is all about. It's all I think about. It's all I strive for. It's all I want in my goals in life.

My first attempt at suicide when I was 6. Fucking 6. I was sitting on a hill with my motor bike (XR 70). I took my helmet off. Jumped on my bike and without really thinking about it, went full speed down the hill towards a parked truck. I closed my eyes and just breathed in all the cool air and dust. I woke up in the hospital with 2 broken arms and a tracheostomy tube cut into my neck.

When I was 8, I made friends with my neighbour. Not because she was a cute girl my age, but because thought it would be a bad-ass way to die to be killed by her Pit-Bull. As expected from chained up dogs, it attacked me straight away when I went up to it. It got a good hold of my hip bone. The father jumped off the balcony of their 2 story and whipped the dog in the face with his steel cap boots. Pulling me away. The dog never let go. Meaning she got a chunk of me.

I had always been a creative kid. When I was 10, I made a device with a pulley system in our dam. It was designed so that when I went underneath it and pulled the rope, it would keep me under so I couldn't get myself out. One of my cousins was coming over to play and saw me doing the finishing touches to it. I told him it was a raft that you could fish with. He helped me do that and we just played with it a little. Didn't catch anything.

I was diagnosed with cancer at about 12. So I didn't have much energy to kill myself.

At about 14, I discovered evolution. So I was at my happiest just studying that.

At 16 I was on antidepressants. I swallowed about 100 of them in 1 minute. A little while later my mother comes in and notices me sweating and not looking very good. She rushed me to the hospital and they cleaned out my stomach and put me on fluids.

At 18, I put a plastic bag over my head with a can of spray deodorant inside it. Through the plastic I pressed the button to extract the gas. With the bag tied around my neck, cutting off oxygen. I went to sleep and woke up in the middle of the night with the bag beside me. 

At 20, I reconnected with my rough cousin. Well knowing he probably had something for a painless death. He had a 9mm. I wanted to have a look at it but he kept the bullets in another locked box. So I gave on that because it would be too obvious if I asked to see the bullets. I was suicidal, I didn't want to be sent to a psych hospital.

At 22 I bought myself a home and every night since I go to sleep with a bath over my head, hoping that one night it will be a little too tight and I just won't wake up.

I'm now 24 and I can't go to sleep without a bag over my head. I'm pretty sure by this point I have brain damage. Not enough for other people to notice, but enough for me to.

I'm not looking for help, I just wanted to tell my story. I have no one in my life to cry too. So I'm just telling my story to the internet.

Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk.