Struggling as a TeenagerI am very young... I am 16 and I feel lost. Please do not tell me I have a lot to live for or that I don't know what "the real world is like" because I don't want to hear it now. you do not have to read my story it is going to be quite long.

Since I was a small kid I always was different. For some reason I had insecurities, enjoyed being alone and always was drawn to the idea of death. The principle of someone just vanishing from this world intrigued me and after losing a few people that were close to me at the age of 10-12 this previously surreal concept hit me hard. 

The death of my grandfather and the death of my friend due to brain tumor, who was very young too, impacted me the most and I think about them, their legacy and what they left behind to this day.

My friend who died from brain tumor died very shortly after my birthday and I vividly remember our last interaction and her birthday gift, that she picked for me. Obviously, she could not have bought it because she was barely able to talk but her siblings gave it to me as her gift as it was her idea.

It was a book. Honestly I never read it because it is what she left me behind in a way and I cannot get myself to read it.

Sometimes I just stare at the book cover and drown in thoughts.

I was very angry for a while. She was such a great person and had such a great soul... the last person who derserved to die.

I think that is the reason why I could not be religious. I would never understand why God would kill such a kind-hearted child and destroy her family.

As I grew up, I despised death, but never feared it however.

Fast forward a few years (to be exact when I was 15) and fell in love really bad. She was so perfect... Caring, Loving, beautiful and the best friend I ever had.

We were dated on/off for a year and broke up multiple times because of me. I just know it is all my fault...

I broke her heart more times than I can count because of my insecurities, bruised ego and other stupid things. But she loved me anyways and put up with it (she should never have). After a while I started to hate myself for the damage I caused.

Being with her was like a drug but as soon as we were not high both of us were suffering.

That was the perfect description of our relationship.

After we broke up (we'll never get back together)  I wanted to turn a new leaf.

I denied that I was sad every single day and neglected my emotions. That was honestly stupid...

However, she was beyond broken and needed help. I don't want to discuss what she did because I respect her privacy but it was ugly to say the least.

Not a long time ago, we had a short conversation and were joking around. Her smile just filled me with joy but as soon as I was alone I realised what I have been doing.

I was denying my pain. After that I bursted into tears. 

The worst time of my life followed and I lost a lot of good friends after the breakup. Everybody judged me and rightfully so but it was too much for me.

Since then, I have been crying all the time.

The reason it hurts so much is that I destroyed someones life with barely any consequenses. I have little to no love left for myself.

Additionally, I do not have anyone I trust enough to go to. I have friends but I am afraid of telling others of my pain.

Nobody knows how much I am struggling and I am all on my own now...

I just hate waking up everyday and hope to die. 

You proboably are thinking that I should calm down because "it just was a relationship" but if anything I feel unworthy to live. I am too young to handle these emotions it is very hard for me to continue my usual life.

I don't care about anything that happens to me whether it is in school or in my personal life because if anything becomes worse I could end it all on the spot.

My ex is in my school and she seems happy now. The last time I smiled without faking it was a while ago.

I often fantasize how other people would react to my death.

If anything the only thing holding me back is the pain I would cause for my family but I am sick of the pain and crying alone...

i just want to die.

&amp;#x200B;