[21M] Someone, please help me.What's the point? What's the point of living? Just so you can get hurt over and over until you die? I feel so small. I feel so helpless. I'm 21, I only have a couple good friends, and until earlier I had a kind of online girlfriend because there are no girls here who are interested in me, like at all. She really meant something to me. A lot. We weren't technically together, we were together until about half a month ago because she had some emotional issues she wanted to work on before committing to a serious relationship.  So we carried on and everything was great, things kind of stalled when we got into our relationship but when we got out everything was lifted, it was like we started over. She said she still considered me her boyfriend and I still considered her my girlfriend, we were just working on things and would get back together.

 Just having someone who cared about me romantically was the best feeling I have had in years and the last time I can remember feeling like that was with the only other girlfriend I have ever had. Right now I feel like I'm, not quite at the bottom, but close. This is a throwaway so you all know I'm not holding the shotgun to my head but I really just don't get why I should keep on living. Things are hard, the world sucks, everyone uses everyone else, and anyone who is genuinely a good person just always gets the short end of the stick.

I was raised religious. Until recently I considered myself a Christian. I was raised thinking sex  was evil until you were married, and that Jesus was always watching you, and clubs were bad and drinking in excess is bad and drugs are bad.  Now I consider myself an atheist in the scope of *this* universe, though the looming fact that we may be a simulation in a lab in another world haunts me from time to time. I'm not sure if that's agnostic, but whatever. I don't think any of those things are bad anymore. I like to do drugs recreationally, I like to drink (but only like once every few months, I don't like it often like almost everyone else my age). I don't like clubs though. I don't have a dancing bone in my body. I really don't have a people bone in my body. That's why this was so great, she *hated* clubs and drinking and drugs and all the things that everyone else our age likes. I'd never have to worry about stepping foot into a club again, and I could still be completely happy with someone. Not to say she was a Christian, she definitely isn't, she just had a particular distaste for those things, while still having a particular taste for things I think are fun. We talked about sex all day and redditing all day and cuddling and just being so cute and sweet together and I really really thought this would be the best thing ever.

 I was raised by my mother and father, still married, who are so old fashioned. My dad is one of the best guys I know, as far as treating women. We don't have money, but he (70) treats my mom (55) like she's a princess anyway. Breakfast in bed, coffee, anything she asks him to do he'd do it in a heartbeat.

That's what I want to do for someone. I want to be the best guy ever for some lucky girl and I just want to make her life as perfect as I can. That's what I thought I had with this girl. Everything seemed great and we couldn't have been happier til she went to bed and woke up with "[her] emotions changed".

I don't have a lot of self confidence. I never have, and I certainly haven't for the last 2 years while every girl I have expressed interest in has shown none back. I don't consider myself attractive, I don't consider myself  desirable, so the fact that this girl, we'll call her Lily, was so interested in me and genuinely found me attractive was such a step up from the rut I had been in for 21 years. She said things to me that made me feel like I actually mattered. She called me sexy and hot and I thought I was dreaming, no one in my entire life had *ever* called me those before, not even the girl I was with for almost 2 years before. Knowing that someone wanted to have sex with me was the greatest feeling, because despite my apparent lack of lady skills I have such a high sex drive, and hers may be even higher. So I was excited about that, and knowing that it would be something meaningful. 

I don't see myself as able to go out and have one night stands. Because of the rarely drinking and not liking to go to clubs or bars things, one night stands are basically out. I want to have a passionate, meaningful, sexy relationship with someone and that's what I thought we had. I believed it with every bone.

I also just quit my job. I've known my employer for 3/4ths of my life and worked for him for 6 years, and have always thought he was a good guy. I came to realize he's been using me and he is really an insane sociopath who is only interested in manipulating those around him so he can get what he wants in the end. He has so many layers of persona it's literally impossible to know if I ever *actually* talked to the real person inside him. So dealing with that deception, while dealing with this Lily deception, is just too much. Everyone I have grown close to has shat on me. My friends haven't, because I keep them at a distance just in case something like this happens, I won't just become an emotional wreck. 

I honestly just don't see the point. If I'm going to open myself up to people only to, for no reason, be ripped to shreds, why even bother? 

If anyone actually reads all this or has questions or concerns about my post please ask me, I'm not in the best mental state right now and I probably left things out or left sentences unfinished or whatever. Just someone please, please, please help me. I want to stop being miserable and I will do anything it takes.
