I shouldn’t be alive.My whole existence was a mistake, every fibre of my being is wrong. I don’t think I was ever supposed to be alive, my existence is nothing but out of place.

From my genetic code to my place in society everything is wrong. People like me are mocked openly, attacked in the street, and treated as nothing more then a joke. I should not be alive right now. 

My body is permanently disfigured, if I ever was open I would be seen as nothing but a freak or an other. There is no place for me in this world. There is no fixing what’s wrong with my body.  I shouldn’t be alive. I should of never been allowed to of been born. 

My life should of been culled from my first breath, instead here I am living in a place that mocks me, that mocks people like me. That judges me for something I never choose or wanted. It would be better if they were to just kill us out right.

I’ve tried to believe in a higher power at various points in my life, and for a while I considered myself deeply agnostic. But I’ve lost all faith, no righteous god would allow what humans have done to go one. No god would allow all the Wars, massacres, and needless death. The endless suffering, starvation and servitude that people live through. The horrors that have allowed the rich to prosper and the poor to suffer. The endless holocausts that man has allowed to happen through the centuries time and time again.

The idea of there being some sort of divine judgement is nothing but a tool to keep the poor in check, to give people some false hope for why they must suffer. A tool to justify the unjustifiable, to give meaning to nothing but cold indifference.  

I’ve had 3 major suicide attempts in my life, and each time I can’t go through with it, each time the instinct of self preservation stops me. 

I know what’s wrong with me, I know what’s wrong with my life, and I know that all meaning in life is ultimately contrived, and yet here I am still stuck, still hopeless.

I’ve thought a lot about where I want to end things, my ideal method, my plan to make it look like an accident, or which way would be the most full proof. Right now I’m on bridges although before that it was subway trains, or simply walking into moving traffic. At times it would be carbon monoxide poisoning, ingesting poison, or even intentionally getting bitten by a snake. 

But none of it really matter, none of anything really matters to be honest, life will go on with or without me same as it always has for everyone and everything.