Am I completely fucking crazy, or is this making sense to you, too?OK. So. Bear with me, this is along process. Now, the The universe, all mass and energy, was birthed 14.3 billion years ago. It was at a point of singularity, with no concept of time, space, or any physics we can speak of for an indefinite period… and then, a sudden, seemingly random expansion. ‘big bang’ is theoretically inaccurate, as this was no explosion so much as an inflation, from a singularly dense, infinitely energetic and massive point so small it could fit between a proton and a neutron with light-years between the two and more… anyhow, expansion: stars and matter form out of this energy. Eventually, after enough break down of particles, mass, waves, and energy, we get our Sun. From this, gravity allows particles to collect and form the earth, solar system, et al. The human race is born, dies in a few billion years with our sun, or perhaps before. Every single atom, particle, energy, everything… the sun will eventually become a white dwarf and then transtion to a small black hole, another point of singularity though not infinitely energetic or massive. However, it swallows. A lot. A whole lot. See, it swallows the earth and every other celestial body it can, until an even bigger black hole from perhaps Andromeda swallows it. Now, this process will continue until a seemingly impossibly large (or small) black hole swallows that one, such that all mass, energy, everything is contained in a single infinitely dense, infinitely energetic space so inconceivably small that there is no light, and thus no time, a space that is literally incomprehensible. Thus, the chain begins anew. A new singularity, the same recycled mass and energy, indestructible, eternal forever.

What I mean to say is, we're fucked. Really, really fucked. We are all destined to be swallowed up by some singularity or another. All mass and energy is bound for that same point of singularity that preceded our universe, and will proceed another. Given this information, and the concept that no matter what anyone anywhere does we will be swallowed up by these forces will beyond our control, what *possible* reason could there be to continue on with this existence? I'm not even depressed by the facts, i'm simply accepting. I realize my fate, and share it with every other atomic structure (organic or not)... so, why? I've been struggling with nihilism and philosophical points for a while, but this is just ridiculous. I know... I know that all of this is logical, but not necessarily true. But I feel so *gripped* by it, it stuns me. I haven't seen my therapist in weeks and I'm still not sleeping, and I just feel captured by this idea. I can't let it go, I try to distract myself but it's all temporary. I'm drinking right now, desperate to rid my mind of this seeming inevitability, but I can't. Fuck me, I can't... I'm so tired, so unbelievably sick of thinking, I just want out of these endless loops of logic. I feel like a fucking jack in the box, predetermined to pop up and destined to fall back down. I'm so, so tired of these damned, tyrannous stars...

edit: thank you, everyone, for talking with me... I know, sometimes I am incredibly frustrating to talk with, and I really do understand if you want to throw your hands up and say fuck it. It's exactly how I feel most of the time. I apologize for any errors in thought, reason, et al, and any errors in spelling grammar etc, I haven't slept very much in the past two weeks or so...