I feel so lost and i don’t know what to do anymore.I’m 22 and I have a 2 year old son. He’s so perfect and I love him so much. But he’s the only thing I feel is keeping me around. My husband hates me because I have a low sex drive and I’m not physical enough. He’s right to hate me. We haven’t had sex in a few months. I hate sex sometimes. I hate all physical stuff really. 

I’m not romantic enough. Valentine’s Day came and went. We’re not a “classic” couple with flower bouquets and spontaneous kisses. I don’t like that stuff. We aren’t compatible. We married too fucking young and now we’re both trying so hard to make it work because we do love each other, but I’m a fucking asexual or something god knows what the fuck I am. And he’s “normal”. 

I was so depressed for so long. I cut myself and starved myself and would literally hit myself just to FEEL something. Then my son was born and everything got colorful again. I went to school and started my degree. Life was so good for like 1 year. Then it progressively got worse and worse. Now i feel back to the way I felt when I was 17 and alone and scared. I’m sitting on my bathroom floor crying while I write a fucking suicide post on reddit. 

I stopped thinking about death for SO LONG. I actually got uncomfortable with the thought that I’d live longer than my early twenties. I never thought about it until my son was born. But he made me want to go. 

Now it’s just dark again. He’s my last thread and now that he’s more independent, walking and talking a little, I feel like he could be without me and live an ok life. 

My mom is a great caregiver for him. My sibling love him. He’d be surrounded by love. 

Fuck I’m such a bad mom for wanting to leave him tho. I don’t have a valid excuse. I’m unhappy in marriage? Fuck me just get a divorce right? We tried and we both got even more depressed. God fuck I feel like im surrounded by black fog and i just want to fucking die and make it go away. The sun came out after 20 years of darkness just to tease me into thinking I’d have a warm happy life with my son, only to rip it from me and make it even worse once he was older. 

Idk what to do. If I explain this to anyone IRL they’ll take away my son and put me in a hospital. It happened when I was a teenager and almost again just before my son was born. I won’t be taken from him again unless it’s on MY terms. 

And what if I go to hell or something. I’m not religious but you never know. 

I have syncope and faint sometimes, and I want to be forever passed out like that. Like, a coma sounds better than death. I just want that floaty black feeling I get when my brain runs out of oxygen. It’s so sweet compared to this fucking life I have. 

I’m so ungrateful my life is glorious. I have a nice home and a healthy son. I’m in school and my family is generally happy. 

I don’t want to die but it’s my only other option if I don’t want to live. What the fuck am I supposed to do?? I don’t want to leave my son but I can’t go on anymore. I’m so tired and alone and sad and it’s so dark. I feel so fucking edgy saying these things. I haven’t felt like this THIS BAD since I was a teenager. God fuck. 