I'm about to kill myself after losing "just" around 2500euro.So... I'm a sports bettor and today I fucked up again, for the 3rd time. I thought I wasn't going to do the same mistake again. June, 2018 first time I lost 1000euro, december 2018, second time 2000euro and now 2500euro . That's 5500 in total but this 2500euro its hurting me like nothing else and this is all because of bankroll management, my plan was to bet only 2% of my bankoll on each bet... I know about variance, I know that I can lose 10 bets in a row and win 10 in a row also, I know that if lose today, win tomorrow, its all about longterm betting, I have a big data of my bets in a speadsheet that shows that i'm a winner longterm if I was betting only 2% but I didn't, I lost 8 bets in a row, 400euro. After that I made a 200€ bet, lost it, then 2x of it, lost it again, that's like almost half of bankroll. I become red and drinked alot of water and went in the balcony for few minutes to get some fresh air, if I stayed more I wouldn't go back to my laptop again but my dad started calling me, he was drunk and when he's drunk he's very very annoying. I went inside just because didn't wanted some neighbur listen. While speaking with him I turned on my laptop, a 500€ bet on Danish football match, lost it! Told my dad I have work now and can't talk so ended the call. Drunk dad didn't stop calling (already a total of 40 times). So let's watch another football match, bet another 500€ lost it again fukkkkkkkk.... my last bet, i didn't had all money in same sportsbook, did bet like 650€ in different sites and lost it. WHAT HAVE I DONE, STUPID ME AND HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN THAT'S 13 LOSING BETS IN A ROW. My data have about 2500 matches and this never happened, 13 losing bets in a row, such a bad losing streak. My worst was 9 losing bets in a row wasn't expecting 13.......anyway I just know I can make it, I've spent like 1 year of full time betting and keeping record, if I didn't got mad I would have made 30% profit of starting bankroll at the end of each month, if I was betting only 2%. All would have been very good and after building a good solid bankroll in the next 8 months I could be making 2.5k euro+/month then after some months of withdrawing for my liferoll and building an extra bankroll I would have started traveling around the world, my dream, a dream that is not possible now.I don't know what to do now, I have no one to talk with so that's why i'm here, I have no friends..not because of them but because of me, I never had a girlfriend, never had sex as always been shy in real life and I've always been a chubby boy. Now I'm laying in bed and...crying..my dreams are dead. Can't eat or drink anything, the phone doesn't stop ringing probably battery will die and me too, just not sure if I commit suicide now this night or in the morning. I wish I could do everthing different now but can't go back in time. I wish I could just take a long breath, walk around the lake, walk every afternoon for some days and start over without making the same mistake again but I can't do it, I'm broke, my bank account is empty, I don't have a job and I can't ask my parents again for money. They understood, trusted and agreed to get a 1500euro loan for me after I showed them the spreadsheet, can't tell them now I fucked up in only 1 day after 6 solid winning months in a row. I feel so ashamed and can't believe what I did and there's no solution now... I can't even find a job as I don't have a profesion....even if i had a profession would been spending up to 6 months just to get employed +the average wage here in my country is about 250euro...feeling bad at this moment that I was born here. Anyway typing all this is keeping me alive. I've decited to be here this night and in the morning to kill myself because I feel stupid, hopeless and a loser in everything.