Feel so brokenI grew up in an abusive household. Mom died young. Dad mentally and physically abused me until I was 17 and killed himself.

After that I lived like a total idiot. Just constantly smoking spliffs (5+ per day) and cigarettes (at least 5) and eat garbage. Spliffs are much worse for you compared to cigarettes. I quit at 27 and started to spiral. I started working out all the time and eat extremely healthy. Gained 20kg (was underweight) etc. I can't believe I was living so unhealthy before that. Like why did I think this was a good idea? I also got obsessive thoughts about what a fool I've been and how I'm going to die of lung cancer as an idiot. I started to get into full panic mode. Felt like it's over for me. It made me act so erratic. Desperately searching for a solution while there's none because I can't restart my life and not smoke at all. 

So.. I had this ex from 2 years ago. She was always very supportive. I broke things off with her because I knew she deserved better than me, but how I did that wasn't nice. I really wanted to talk with her for months now so I had sent her a bunch of messages. I reached out to her again after drinking a few beers with a friend and she finally replied and blocked me. I then made a new account and gave off a suicidal vibe which was really fucked up of me and she got extremely angry. After that I kept wanting to explain myself. She dismissed my concerns. I made a new account to explain myself some more. Without knowing it I was setting myself up to become a stalker. I explained and explained and she had zero empathy, called it whining and so on. She only wanted to hurt me instead of making me get better. In the end she had blocked me like 5 times before she exploded with a message aimed at destroying someone's psyche. It was so many insults in one message. So painful. What hurts me the most is that she said she doesn't have to feel guilt because of our break-up. But why did I do that? It was a perfect relationship for me, but far from it for her. She was much older, hinted at kids, she was much further in life. She didn't deserve my deadbeat loser personality. I fucking took my responsibility and didn't use her for my selfish goals. I end things for her and when I need her at my darkest time she destroys me. 

I felt so bad about what she said. Just having that message repeat again and again and again in my head. I couldn't contain myself. I just HAD to talk with her to stop it. It became this manic obsession. It was raging through my brain. Just sending her messages on insta dm and begging her to reply to talk it out because what she said made me feel so hopeless. I would often delete them and send them again. I would sometimes quit doing it for a week, but her insults started repeating even more heavily in my head. I couldn't see any other solution than talking with her to end the torture in my head. This went on for four months. She never replied. In the end she got so fed up with my shit that she put her Instagram profile on pause. It's during working from home too so I don't have enough distractions and it has ruined my mental health. I constantly think about what she said. For example 'You'll never learn how to live your life'.. It's a sentence that will follow me around forever and I hate that. I hate how I keep thinking about this all the time.

I tried to solve it by continuing to her message her constantly. I'd explain myself and then later that evening think: this is pointless, delete and then I'd do it again because the alternative is worse; I can't have those insults running through my mind. Right now reality is starting to sink in about now how much of a dickhead I am. A horrible, obsessive stalker. I can't live with myself and often think about ending my life because I've fucked up my physical and mental health. I'm struggling to see a way to come back from this. Like.. I'm starting to live much better. I quit smoking, I've seen the light and slowly growing up.. But my fucking past will haunt me forever. I had that I ran into this brick wall with my ex who just wanted to tear me down at my lowest point. I'm fucking changing, why can't you help me!!