This is my long story and I want helpMy problems started when I was in the 4th grade. My dad was in the Air Force and he got stationed overseas in Germany. When we got there we lived for two years off of the Air Force base in a german duplex and I became introverted. I was afraid to go outside in a foreign country and I guess being inside all the time changed me. My school work suffered, before that I had been a good student in the states, and I started feeling depressed. I am and was overweight, so around this time I noticed kids starting to make fun of me.

I started having these episodes in school, someone would call me a name and all this built up frustration would come out.I was never violent towards anyone, even though I remember really wanting to hit these people. I would maybe knock over my desk, storm out of the room and find a corner in the school to cry in for a while until an adult could get me up. My parents would have to take me home frequently. In germany I was diagnosed by the psychiatrist on base with ADHD, which I don't think is right.

After Germany, my dad was stationed in South Carolina and I think this is the worst period. This is the first time I went to a school that wasn't on a military base, this was for 7th and 8th grade. The kids were meaner and the school was in the middle of bumfuck south carolina. Honestly I don't remember much from that time other than actually being diagnosed with clinical depression and this is the earliest I remember thinking of suicide and I cut myself a few times because some kids talked about it, but it didn't do anything for me.

After those two years my dad was stationed in Washington D.C. and I was in high school. Freshman year was more of the same stuff as before. Frequent breakdowns in the middle of class, my parents having to drive 45 minutes to take me home, and eventually I was suspended from school until we could deal with this. My parents started me in this outpatient program at Ft. Belvoir in Virginia. Pretty much instead of going to school, I would go to this hospital and be in therapy of various kinds all day. My high school would send my work there and I'd have time to work on it. While in this program I was started on both Lithium, which I understand now sounds strange considering what that medication is prescribed for, and wellbutrin. I can't say if either of them really did anything. I hated going to this program but I got out and got to go to school again for the last month of my freshman year, still going to regular psychiatrist visits. I felt good. I was doing the school work, still not the best student, and I even asked a girl out for the first time. I was generally happy for the rest of high school.

I finished high school and my dad retired to Las Vegas, where I was born and where my parents consider home. I stayed with them for a year then I moved back to Virginia to go to college with friends. I had the GI Bill from my dad for a while and everything was cool. 

Around the end of my second semester my parents got divorced and I started slipping back into the depression. My grades went down, I lost the GI bill, took out some student loans, with my dad cosigning, to try and salvage it, and I started smoking cigarettes.

After the third semester I was falling apart, I moved back to Vegas and lived with my dad and his new wife. I hated it, I hated her and I hated him, but he, for all that happened, was the more stable of my two parents. I had a job, just trying to pay off the students loans and a loan for a car. I was still very much depressed. I was living with my dad, I didn't want to keep my room clean, his wife would be angry at me a lot. It just wasn't conducive to my sanity. One night I drank a whole bottle of rum, I don't drink a lot and I don't think I'm an alcoholic, but I learned that alcohol and depression don't mix. 

I remember being in the bathroom, talking to myself in the mirror. Saying things like "I hate you", "You're terrible", "fuck you", and other not nice things. I guess I was being a bit too loud, because my dad came in and he brought me out and sat me on the couch. I just opened up to him, I told him what I was feeling, that I thought of suicide all the time and that it scared me. I don't want to kill myself, but the thought pops up automatically. I was crying and somewhere in this whole thing the police were called. I didn't do anything violent, I didn't hurt anyone, but I guess my dad and/or his wife just didn't know what to do.

So I went to the hospital and spent a week in a psychiatric treatment facility. I ended up getting fired from my job and I was afraid to be in my dad's house. a couple weeks after getting out of the facility I just had enough. It was 3am, I packed all the stuff I could in my car and I just left. I didn't know where I was gonna go, I assumed I would be homeless. I had a few bucks but nothing for more than a week. 

I ended up at my sister's place where I am now. I work as a security guard and I have had 2 minor panic attacks at this job because I hate it and I shouldn't have to be doing this.

I am struggling to keep up with my loan payments, which is ruining my credit and my father's since he cosigned all of them.

The worst part is that I hate my dad, but I know he doesn't deserve that. I think he knows calling the police was a mistake but what else was he supposed to do? I go back and forth at being angry at him and sorry that he has me as a son.

It used to be that when I thought of killing myself, I would think of how that would make my parents feel and that was enough to stop that line of thinking. But now when I think about it, they would feel sad at first, but after that I think things would be easier overall. 

Every part of me tells me that I don't want to kill myself, that these problems can be dealt with, that it won't be like this forever, but there's that one part that says it would be easier to die, and that part is getting bigger all the time.