A good reason to dieMy father committed suicide and everyone in my entire family has had depression. I have had mild depression. So it was probably not a good idea to take propecia, which has depression as a side effect (I didn't see it, it was added recently so not all sites had it).

About a month in, I started having depression but didn't realize it. I left my job to do a crazy startup because I thought I hated my job, even though it was just the depression. I realized I hated the startup too. I realized this when I woke up one day with severe depression and panic. I had to spend the rest of the day in a hot shower, trying to calm myself down. I stopped taking propecia but the depression and anxiety have continued. It's been 3 months now.

Since then, I've had severe depression and severe anxiety most days. I can't find another job and my savings is running out (I have 1 year left, + 1 year with my 401k). I want to move to my parent's house and live there for a year. They want me to get a job, thinking that it will make everything better, but I don't think I can work in this condition. A lot of my friends also think I should just get a job, and then everything will sort itself out.

On some weeks I feel better so I did some interviews and now I have second interviews scheduled this week, but I don't think I can handle going to them. I don't think I will be able to do anything at all, ever again. I get swings up and down - during the ups I feel almost fine, and during the downs I feel terrible. Even during the ups, my mind is not very sharp and I am not able to concentrate very well. During the downs, I can barely do anything at all.

The ups and downs last a few weeks each. Lately the downs have been lasting longer than the ups, and the last up period was almost 3 weeks long. I'm very scared.

I don't think too many people I know understand how dire the situation is. I think most of them just think I am a little nervous before an interview. This is not a little nervous! And it's not about the interview, I might be able to fake normality to pass an interview. I just don't think I can do any meaningful work right now for any extended period of time.

I don't know what I am looking for with this post. I don't need someone to tell me they care, because there's a lot of people I know who care. I am lucky in that I have:
a) a family that cares about me, even though they don't really understand
b) friends that care about me, even though they don't really understand
c) health insurance
d) money
e) family with money (not too much, but enough to support me if necessary)

Nevertheless, I don't think I can live with this terror and these terrible feelings forever. Unless I can somehow fix it, I will be killing myself. Some people will be shocked and upset, but I think they will get over it eventually, especially if I explain that it is basically euthanasia and not because I don't understand that they care about me.
.
I am off to the emergency room to maybe get some medication, but I don't have high hopes that it will work (other medication hasn't worked). If it doesn't, I can't imagine living like this. And I don't want to be a burden on my family. So I think suicide is the only way out.

I guess what I really want is someone to find a flaw in my logic.