Who am I?Too long and I don’t think anyone will read this but I just need to clear this to myself. Lately things are getting out of control. My suicidal thoughts are getting stronger and one moment I am almost killing me and next I am laughing. 

I have been avoiding this question. At this point I am too lost and I will try to find myself, or the remains of myself. Let’s be fucking honest and forget all the labels that they and I have been using. No names off diseases, social labels, just me.

I am a boy who cares so much for others that I can kill myself for the best of those I love. I can be a full night listening a friend if he needs, or delay my work if they need help, or put my problems aside and go running to help them. I am stubborn boy that loses control really easily. If you say the wrong thing or make the wrong thing (that is nothing wrong) I totally lose all control and I start yelling and saying horrible things. I can go from “Everything is perfect” to “You just ruined everything go fuck yourself forever”. And then I calm down and I am the caring boy again. Actually after those episodes I am the needy boy, saying “I love you don’t forgive me” and “I am going to hug you to eternity”. I am terrible making friends, too shy, never speak loud enough but after I make a friend I am a totally different person, the opposite.

I can love something in one moment then lose my mind and truly hate it. It happened to people a lot of times before. Several teachers were my idols and then one day I put them in my black list. I can be very resentful and sometimes I seek revenge. I can be happy and one second later I am sad and trying to kill myself. Truth is I can’t control myself, I don’t even feel that I am in control. I never realized this until now. I don’t feel like me. I feel empty. I always do things I don’t want to. I hurt myself because is the only way to calm down. I say bad things to my loved ones when they change plans or just say goodbye at the middle of a conversation. I overreact and the more I try to control myself the more out of control I get. 

One moment I am super motivated to do something and then before I realize I am laying in my bed dying of boredom. I can go shopping and buy books and notebooks and they I arrive home and I throw them at a corner because I got bored before I even started. I barely eat because food doesn’t taste like before but there are times I eat normally. I barely sleep. Everything bores me so much that I just want to sleep all day.

I am a boy that feels too much and then nothing at all. I care too much and give no fucks. I am at constant change. Some days I dream about being a writer, other about a traveler and so one. To everyone out there I say the same thing over and over again but truth is I don’t know what I want to be, because if I watch a movie I want to be what that character is but then I see a video and want to work there. I don’t change my looks or my values but some days I change my way of speaking or walking or acting or seeing the world. I can see a movie and relate to someone but in one second it doesn’t say anything to me. 

I am all this but I don’t know who am I. When someone asks this to me I always say what everyone says about me: “Good student and shy boy”. But I always act different around different people so at this point I am not sure if I am that.

PS: I feel this was not a very good ideia post this here but well...