Every time my family asks me not to kill myself, I inch closer and closer to telling them to get over it.My family has asked me not to do it plenty of times, but they've made it clear that it is really only because they do not want to deal with the aftermath. My sibling gave me some sanctimonious speech about how much they want me around but knowing they are a pathological liar I have no reason to believe they're doing anything other than manipulating me to save themselves struggle in the future. I have to prolong my suffering for a small group of people that I don't really like at all who feel the same way about me, but they don't want to deal with the shame/guilt. Every day I get a little more numb to the guilt I feel about wanting to die. The more I separate myself from them emotionally and with distance, the easier it will be for them to just forget about me, and by the time I'm dead, they'll realize that they hadn't really seen or talked to me in a long time, so what's the difference? Everyone dies, I just don't want to live anymore. Stop trying to fucking fix it and just let me die. You can't fix it. No one can. And manipulating me into not doing it is so much more selfish than just letting me end my suffering. I've never had my own personality because they bullied it out of me. They wanted their child/sibling to be a bastion of their values and feelings, I never had a chance to be a person. They killed me well before I ever lived. 

Fuck prescriptions, fuck psychiatrists, fuck psych wards, fuck therapists, I've done it all 100 times in 3 different states and it's all been a bunch of horse shit in my experience. Everyone dies, they will die too, and then none of these emotions will matter. I'm not gonna sit around for decades waiting for them to die first just so I can take my own life, or worse yet, find myself deluded enough to start a family of my own and then make them deal with my suicide because there's never been any doubt in my mind that is how I will die. So really, I might as well count my losses now before I go and develop any relationships with anyone else and make them suffer too. There's been suicides in my family before, they can deal. And yeah it'll be shitty for them, but any objective look at their lives would show you that their lives are already shitty and are not at all likely to get better. I wish I could talk the entire human population into suicide sometimes. 