I’m a piece of shit and I don’t think I can be savedPreface: I’m only 18 years old, live with my parents, am a fucked up person, and have had a fucked up life. This is going to be quite long, and I’m going to write everything just as it is.

Let’s start with the first part of my title: I am a piece of shit. I’ve been so horrible to my parents that my mom wrote a suicide note, blaming me, when I was 12 years old. I’ve verbally abused both her and my father, also physically abused them, attacked them. I’ve broken my mom’s bones in her fingers on several occasions. I’ve full-on punched both parents over the most trivial of things and that’s one reason I want to die. All I’ve done is harm. Now that I’m over 100 days without such an “incident” I want to die before I cause harm again. I don’t want to hurt people anymore.

My parents fucking feared me, maybe they still do, I don’t know but they should based on what a piece of shit I’ve been to them. This past will never go away, they’ll always remember and I’ll always remember. That’s another reason I want to die, no matter if I can actually change or not, it’s already happened. It’s too late to pretend to be “good” like I have been doing online. I love my parents, I know, no one will believe this. I love them but I have been so fucking unstable. I can’t risk putting them through my abuse again.

Apart from my behavior toward my parents, I’m a fuck up in other ways. My anxiety is so bad that I can’t even go out alone, I rarely talk to my friend if I dare call them that, I have no future goals, I’m fat, I binge eat, I harm myself... there’s too much to list. I’ve made a list before, with 88 things that show I’m fucked up. 88 reasons I should die.

Even if it weren’t for my abusive behavior, I still don’t think I could be helped. I am diagnosed with bipolar disorder, binge eating disorder, anxiety, PTSD from being raped, and self harming (I cut). I’ve already attempted suicide twice, been hospitalized five or six times for mental health issues. I’m stupid, too, I remember when I used to be smart but now I’m not anymore. There’s been too much in my life for me to handle and I think I’m ready to go. There is no future for someone like me, a former abuser with so many problems.

My mom and dad still love me, after all I’ve done. I don’t know why but the only thing that has stopped me from killing myself so far is that they would only be hurt (by me) more. How do they not hate me after all the abuse and hell I’ve put them through? I just want to die before I fuck up again.

I have no chance, no future. People like me can’t recover to anything near normalcy.