I didn't ask to come to the US. Now I'm trapped here in a depressive state...fuck.I was brought to this country when I was 6 by my parents (illegally), I'm 20 now, and today my only identification expired. I was starting to work towards getting a worker's permit and getting on the road to getting legal residency here. I love this country. My shithole of a country is lame and I find that the US is my home now. Without a legal ID nothing can progress further. Unfortunately the only place I can go to get my ID renewed is halfway across the country. I am broke and have about 3 dollars to my name...my parents are in a worse condition about to be evicted. My father has had to walk 3 hours to work since january because we can't even fucking afford gas. Obviously living here illegally has made it so that I can't work and have to still live with my parents. I can't even drive since my state doesn't allow people without documentation to get licenses. I had a cancer scare a few months back, due to my smoking, and while nothing happened, I was forced to quit smoking immediately. I've always been depressed since about I hit puberty. The last few months of 2014 were great, I met my favorite band, I met tons of new friends, but just now realizing that I have now become nothing all the piles of depression and suicidal fantasies have piled back on. I'm smoking a cigarette as I write this, perhaps if I die of cancer then people will think "oh he was stupid, he should have stopped" rather than just "wow he killed himself." Cutting helps too, although I have lost most finger movement in my left hand because of previous attempts on my life. Still have the stitches in my forearm right now, pretty fresh, but it somehow gives me pleasure and peace of mind seeing how fucking close I got. 

But I mean, maybe that's all I ever was. Just a pathetic loser. I can no longer leave my house without fear of being arrested for not having ID, and being deported back to a country which I know nothing about, and a language I'm already starting to forget. The last few months I had everything set out for me. Getting a good job, going to college, shit, even buying a motorcycle and going on road trips to watch favorite bands. 

I spoke with 3 lawyers today and they were pretty polite in telling me, "Shit kid, you're outta luck." One even saying that the best course of action would be to just leave. Oh well, I guess I really am this piece of shit parasite sucking on the economy of this great country, despite my family never missing a single tax payment, and NEVER accepting help from the government and other state funded programs. I don't want to steal your precious little resources seeing how I'm a visitor in this country, in your homes, and me stupidly thinking that for some reason this was my home as well. 

I hope my parents understand, and they don't hate me for what I've got planned out. Perhaps if I just hurt them once more, they won't need to be disappointed with me ever again. America rules, and I can see why so many people die trying to get here. I've had every opportunity handed to me and I've fucked up. Well, at least I can hopefully die in my home, and not in a run down place surrounded by strangers...

Sorry for being a parasite you guys. I really do love it here. I know none of you will say it, but hey, it's one less illegal to worry about, right?