I had no childhood.From 3rd-8th grade (when i moved to cali) I was a loser with no friends. When high school rolled around i was way too caught up in drugs for a freshman and found myself a meth addict at 14. I was only focussing on making money from selling drugs and getting high to even care about school, friendships, and girls. When I was 15 I got caught with 200 xanax bars at school and all my shit at home was found. All my money was taken by my parents, all my drugs were taken by the police, and I kicked out of school. My parents were monitering everything I was doing so I couldn’t really have my own money or bring drugs into their house or go spend time with friends or anything. I stayed in the house for a couple mounths until my parents let me go out and start seeing people. I started hanging out with some normal kids for the first time in my life because I didnt want to get caught up with the wrong people and go right back to my old lifestyle. I distanced myself from the gang members I new and stopped trying to sell dope and my life suddenly got more easier. I felt like a kid sould’ve. I had a girlfriend and many supportive friends, I wasnt in constant fear of getting killed or arrested, and I wasn’t always thinking about where the next place I was gonna snort meth was. I soon started doing normal teenage things like having sex and going to parties and drinking every now and than, and because of this my parents got scared, jumped the gun and put me in rehab. Thats where I spent my 16th and 17th birthday, broke up with my girlfriend, and made nice friendships with people who dissapeared out of my life usually mounths after I met them while my real friends were all forgetting about me and moving on. I got out of rehab 5 mounths ago, and I had nothing. I had 1 friend, 2 overbearing parents, and that was it. Its been like that for the most part since I’ve been back as my parents are really strict on where they let me go and who they let me see even though they’re letting me go off to the military to kill people in Feburary. The only things I have gained since I’ve been back are a couple more friends and a heroin addiction. And everyones says “your still young you got plenty of time”, but I signed up to join the fuckin military in Feburary. I think the worst part about all this tho is that I can only blame myself for it, as it was my stupid actions that got me here. Every night I lay in the same bed of the man who ruined my childhood, and every day I see him in the mirror. Immagine living sith someone whos responsible for ruining the first 17 years of you life. You’d almost want to kill them, huh?