Fate lead me to death.I can’t believe how I got here, how blind I was. I feel so stupid ( I look back and feel even stupider). Now I can see that I could have changed my life all along. I could do anything to fix my life. Set goals, Find hobbies, look for joy in everyday things, not do reckless behavior but yet I couldn’t see past myself.

They’ve recently put me on some kind of antidepressant weeks ago. I missed my appointment and I don’t know if I want to go through all this I feel like I’d rather die because how am I. Could i ever stay in touch with the world, myself, others. Am i just born like this Is this my true me? Can I feel and think like a person?
Most people have it so lucky in their life. They won't know what it's like walking day to day mindlessly. What it's like to switch from one dream to the next and have it crushed 2 seconds later. What it's like to day to day end up starving yourself because you're too tired to make a meal or wash dishes. Days become months. Everything feels pointless and no matter how much you try you don't have dreams, even things like living in a nice house, enjoying relationships, wanting to win something doesn't matter.

It’s like being locked away where you can’t even heir yourself. The cloud analogy fits. I was so confused that I didn’t even see myself. My emotions were gone. I can’t tell anyone what’s inside. I can’t see myself when I’m like that. No one can help me wen I'm like that.

To say I want to kill myself for feels like I’m saying this to open up to talk to someone but I do feel at some points that I am doomed to a fate which I dread or I simply don’t see meaning to live.
I feel like i was born different. All my life I’ve felt wrong and I’ve never felt like anyone could understand me. I was never human. If I killed myself I’d not have to go back to that dark place and all the misunderstandings. other people will see I suffered and then move on in time. I don't want to hurt them. In fact i wished they didn't care so it make it easier. I still live because where i'm at now if i left it hurt them the most.

I won’t have to face fate taking over me and robbing me of my worth (this is most important to me even when I can’t see it I still feel a sense of loss).

I want it before the cloud comes back. I feel it coming back and then I my be back back to being a walking shadow bound to mindless suffering.