I'm lostHey everyone, wanted to try to write a little about how I feel.

&amp;#x200B;

Where  do I begin? So basically I've been depressed ever since I was 15-16 and  I recently turned 20. I struggled through school and dropped out of  highschool when I had about 1 year left of my course because I felt like  I was going crazy. I'm very introverted and shy, and I had a small  friend group through my entire school experience. The 2-3 friends I had,  have all graduated and are now working jobs and have moved on to  greater things, meanwhile I'm at home taking online courses as I  mentioned earlier and it just feels like everyone has forgotten about  me. Not that I was ever popular but people have just stopped talking to  me ever since they pretty much noticed I wasn't "right" in the head. I'm  incredibly lonely and I feel like all of my teenage years have been  wasted by just being at home by myself being too sad and stuck in my own  head the whole damn time.

I  suck at making new friends, it feels like everyone already has their  own established friend group and I have no clue how to begin breaking  down that barrier, to me it seems like people aren't really looking for  new friends. This seems especially true because I live in a pretty small  town/community and everyone seem to be content with the friends they  have. Not to mention I have severe social anxiety, I have never ever  felt comfortable talking to people I don't know, and I kinda just prefer  to be by myself, but I still feel lonely which is kinda strange huh?

I  guess I'm just looking for meaningful connections and relationships but  I don't know, it just feels like everyone in this town is extremely  shallow and vain, and i always feel like an outsider.

So  the thing is, my mom is pushing me to try to get a job on the side, at  the same time as I am doing the online courses as I mentioned earlier.  But because I can't sleep and I'm sad all the time, just doing basic  things exhaust me. I am currently doing the course at 50% speed but I am  still getting extremely stressed out. Once upon a time I was actually  pretty decent at school stuff but I don't know why this is so hard for  me now. I feel like the biggest letdown, and loser of all time.

My  self confidence has never been high, and it has never been lower than  what it currently is. During my childhood I would constantly get rude  comments about my long hair as a dude, even from relatives. I was always  told I looked like a girl and was constantly getting questioned "When  are you going to cut your hair?".

People  always made fun of me in school, I remember getting up to do a  presentation in school (which I was obviously extremely horrified and  nervous about) and this one guy trips me on purpose ofcourse, I have an  embarassing fall and everyone in class laughs at me. The presentation  didn't go very well, voice shaking and I could barely get through it. I  remember actually having the courage to go to a school party/disco once,  and there this girl came up to me and asked me to dance, I said yes and  turns out she just did it to mess with me, with her friends laughing in  the background.

I've  thought about killing myself multiple times, it's always in the back of  my mind but I love my mom and sister so much and I would never want to  hurt them, they have always been there for me and still are.

I  have been to a psychologist once, and the first thing they did was to  give me a "Are you depressed test?" where I had to answer questions with  a scale to 1-5. Funny thing is I had already done this test before on  my own, just googling if I was depressed and immediately the doctor  wanted to prescribe me medicine. This just reinforced my idea of  psychologists just wanting to make money off you, and sell you  anti-depressants. It left a bad taste in my mouth and I havent talked to  another psychologist since.

Everyone  says your teenage years are the best time of your life, so where the  fuck do I go next? My teenage years were the worst time of my life, and I  don't see it getting any better. The thought of working a 9-6 fulltime  job for the majority of my life, just so that I can afford to live and  keep doing the same thing every single day is the single most depressing  thought ever. I don't ever want to be stuck in that rat race.

I  draw, paint and play guitar/sing a lot and this is something I would  want do for the rest of my life, but realistically the chances of  awkward little me, making a career in any of these fields are extremely  slim.

Currently  I'm going through an extra rough patch, and I almost attempted to kill  myself the other day, I just feel like the future of my life is  extremely bleak and depressing. I have nothing going for me right now  and I have lost interest in almost everything, why would anything get  better once I get older? Who wants to be friends with a guy who sits in  his room all day listening to music. It feels like I'm gonna die alone  and depressed.

I  apologise for this jumbled mess of a post, english is my 2nd language  and it's 4 in the morning where I live. Sincerly thanks if  you read all  this, I don't know what the point of this post is, maybe one of you  kind hearted people can help a lost soul in a time of need. Cheers.