concussions, addiction, ptsd, psychosis, unnecessary guilt, self hatred, looking for any ideas as to how to move forward as the person i want to be, its roughI have always been mainly interested in music, I used to record music in my aloof high school days and I still do to this day. Last year I was dating somebody wonderful and we went to a psychedelic music festival in Austin. it was amazing. We loved eachother deeply and hung out with our two friends from Canada, it was perhaps the best time of my life.

Then I went to an ER for a bug bite and had a horrible concussion. I passed out and hit my head hard on the table then floor. My then addiction to Valium was killing me. I withdrew too quickly and then two weeks later I had a siezure in a parking lot at my then job and woke up in an ambulance.

The stress eventually destroyed my relationship. I still love Jessica wholeheartedly, we dated for a year and a half. But I started becoming very distant. We were still extremely connected though emotionally and sexually. Our relationship went into turmoil. After I broke up with her as she became extremely suicidal and I became distant. I had a brief fling with two women and it was very sexually awakening for me.

Then it all went downhill. I started feeling remote controlled by voices out to destroy me. I tried to ignore it and took LSD in this park in Austin by myself and avoided everyone. the voices started calling me somebody who was a monster. The voices never went away. I didn't even hurt anybody and nor would I. I have good boundaries and respect for others.

Since then voices have been calling me a monster and have destroyed me. It scares me. Im not a bad person Im not a creep, I'm just a super awkward hipster honestly. I have friends but it's not the same as before. I feel like at my worst I beat myself up nonstop. I feel very alone and frustrated and scared and abused and bullied by nearly everyone around me. this darkness has consumed my life. They think im some kind of monster but I'm not.

The more the thought comes into my brain, a wholly inacurate thought it scares the shit out of me its a terrible thought loop. I'm very scared and i don't know what to do. Let me know if you have any advice. I've been a kinda shitty person and I don't want to be one at all. its scary to me because people think i'm out to hurt them but I'm not. Just been isolated. very suicidal. trying to stay upbeat. help??

Is there anything that bad in me? I know the answer is no but it's very scary

On the good side of things I have a good music project together and record music and have been told I'm good at it haha im such a lame dude but i'm trying to get back to the best version of me. I refuse to let negativity control me. I'm a hopeless romantic.

TL;DR I just want to be a good person but I went through psychosis and I'm trying to put the pieces of me back together and need advice. the worst shit has attached itself to me and I want to break free of highly disturbing thought loops that make me seem like a weirdo
I love you. thanks for reading, embrace positivity!