8 years of severe depressionI've had severe depression for 8 years of my life like the type that you think about suicide multiple times everyday. It started in 6th grade with a girl I liked (of course). I've always thought of myself as an unattractive untalented stupid skinny guy with no purpose in life. I was very depressed about this girl not liking me back but I always thought something like "oh I'm better than this, I shouldn't be this depressed, Ill just ignore it". So I would talk to a lot of people who were often involved in the popular group but I always felt out of place and like I wasn't friends with any of them and they were just pitying me. I was in math class (which was one of the only classes I enjoyed going to because of the teacher and the few people who were actually nice to me) but one of the girls next to me eventually said "you are so annoying just shut up" so I took that as constructive criticism and I just stop talking and turned into a very quiet kid. My home life wasn't the best either, my parents hated each other and would fight all the time until they decided to get a divorce when I was 5, but they went on Dr. Phil to get a divorce. When I get really depressed I like to be completely alone and I often dream of being one of those completely secluded hermits that live in places so far away from other people as a way of gaining inner happiness, but then I realize I live in the real world and I would have to work a lot or get a really good job that pays a lot and eventually quit when I got enough money. But my parents never understood my need to be alone, so we would always be pushed apart making my home life even worse. Then I made a plan to workout and get muscular so I could have a better chance of being liked and more attractive. I've been working out for 5 years and I am very physically small at 5'7" and 135 lbs, I am very toned but you wouldn't know unless you were looking at me shirtless (I even tried supplements and other things to help but I could never gain any weight). After I gained a little muscle I did notice that I was getting more popular and were talking to a lot of people but they were all guys and never any girls, I did try to talk to them but I always got the feeling they didn't like me at all and were just trying to get out of conversations. People have told me that I'm alright looking then a lot of people say that I'm "fugly" so I always assumed that I was ugly and people don't want to talk to me or treat me less because of it even when I'm really nice and friendly. In senior year of high school I took choir because I needed an art credit and I had a very deep voice, halfway through the semester we were getting ready for a concert and I was miserable (I hated choir and just wanted to get out), but then all of a sudden a girl hit me with a water bottle and started talking to me trying to cheer me up. This girl was alright looking and skinny but I wasn't attracted to her. Then next few days she kept talking to me and eventually asked me to ask her to the homecoming dance so I did. She then asked me to be her boyfriend and I said yes, I had never had anyone that even appeared to be interested in me. Then after a week or two she kept telling me how many guys she has been with and how she "loves dick", I thought that she was saying all of that because she really wanted to have sex with me and after we did she never stopped. Eventually I couldn't take it anymore and 4 weeks into the relationship I broke up with her and she seemed like she didn't even care. Then after a day I realized just how much I missed having someone to talk to and always looking down at my phone to see a text. Three days after I broke it off she went up to my best friend with a piece of paper that had her number on it and they started texting a lot. I thought that I had made one of the biggest mistakes of my life when I broke up with her so I fell madly in love with her trying to get her back but she just said that I was manipulative when I told her that I was mad about her going after my best friend. That eventually ruined my relationship with my best friend, that group of friends, the girl, and my parents (who didn't understand that I wanted to be alone). That girl eventually did nearly an identical thing to that friend. It pained me to see that girl in the hall everyday often with several guys. At this point I was the most depressed I had ever been. A few months go by (everyday of which were hard for me to do anything) but there was a choice I had to make about my future, which college to go to. I wanted to go to a community college for a year or two and work at the same time then enlist in the marine corps after those years. But my dad had a different idea, so instead of him respecting my decision to go to community college he decided to apply to a university for me. I was excepted and he paid a few things so I would feel obligated to go which I did. College made me very depressed, I got a really weird roommate who was very creepy so after having to wait two months I finally got switched to a different room, but this roommate would never leave and would never talk to me (I later found out that he had aspergers). So in other words I was so lonely with no friends. I even tried to talk to several girls that I was interested in, but all of them treated me like shit. I didn't really try in college so I mainly got several Cs but I got one F in my hardest class. My dad found this out during winter break right after I got into a huge argument with my sister, so I told him to return all of my Christmas gifts that he had bought me and that I would be living in my dorm the rest of winter break. Christmas is today and I'm still at my dorm getting messages that I am a really shitty child from my Grandma, Sister, Stepsisters, Step mom, and my Father. All I do anymore is just watch movies sleep, sleep, and occasionally work, this is all because I no longer find anything fun or worth my time. I would go get help from a professional, but that would severely ruin my chances of getting into the marine corps, so I came here to reddit to get a few opinions about what I should do and how to even live.