It's around the cornerFor the last two years I have done nothing. I'm turning fucking 25 soon and I have accomplished nothing in my life. Fucked over high school and my hole in my CV is just enormous now, the fuck can I even do at this point. No one wants to hire me now, I don't even bother anymore.

I haven't been with a female for like 5 years now and it's killing me more and more. I shut down every social media platform some time ago because it just got more and more pressure on me to conform. Ended up shutting every friend I have. I refuse to seek help, hell I don't even want help. Started to gain some weight as well because I don't work out at all. Can take some drugs here and there just to cope with my dissatisfaction with everything. Nothing seems to be enjoyable for a long period because I am depressed. 

Constantly I think about having someone close to me, someone who could understand and help. A partner, someone I could share things with and be happy. I don't know, can't really say there is any bright spot anymore. No matter what words come up, I can't reach or have that now. No one feasible would ever go for me now and I understand that but it's heartbreaking. Specially when you know that I don't have anxiety or issues with talking to someone. Kinda, you do get more anxious in certain situations but if I am being honest that isn't anything that would stop me. 

Don't have any friends anymore. Gradually started to lose them over time as people have things to do and most of the people I was stuck with would put me on an even worse path. I couldn't allow myself to do it but I do wonder what kind of path I actually walked down since this feels beyond pathetic. There is no excuse, I just don't do anything about it. At this point I would have to take up some classes again, then go to a university. I can't afford this, it's getting to late to start that path now. Theoretically it isn't, but that feeling is there. 

Don't talk about this, I usually never did. Grew up on the mentality that it's weakness to do so and that has always stuck. Even people who were close to me. I never shut anyone out like that before but it's sort of ingrained. Specially to friends, or male ones at that. 

I'm just not talking to anyone, not even online. And I'm not talking about serious talks, even casual stuff. I don't know how or where to go to do so. Things just seem to fly by and there are new apps, new trends etc and I'm just completely left out by now. 
Hard to pay attention or care when you aren't involved at all.
Most friends have given up now. Last time someone reached out to me was last month and I didn't even answer. Even got a new sim card but I haven't put it in since I don't even see the point.

Truth is, it's starting to get to me bad now. Always been really strong mentally and it has kept me going for this long but it's  coming to an end. Suicide is becoming more of a frequent thought and it's getting worrisome. Keeping this inside and not having anyone to even chat to is just insane. I don't even do anything so why why why?? I don't know. Just hate myself and it's gotten so bad that I don't feel worthy to speak to someone at all. 

My sort of plan is to take my car for a ride one day, drive pretty far, eat out and whatever else I cross by the road, then eventually pushing the pedal until I reach high enough speed and crash into something big. Maybe a mountain or something. It's fucked. 

Not sure if this is as much of a cry of help rather than a rant. I'm just alone all the time now I can't bear this for much longer. Thinking it's going to be around this summer, at the very least before I turn 25 in a couple of weeks. In some ways, I am starting to accept that this is what's going to happen and that's not a good sign. On the other hand, I'm pretty ready for this to be over. 

Sorry if this came off as a mess or incoherent. 