I hate my birthday. My life is looking darker as the years go byThis literally just came to mind I’m turning 20 in 2021(February)and I don’t look forward to it. My first memory of me on my birthday was when I was 4 my parents took me to the movies to watch racing stripes, to be honest I was a mischievous child I won’t sit still and ran all over the cinema. My dad then grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the cinema yelling at me I’m crying, he then took me to the car and locked me inside and went back to finish the movie. I’m sitting in the car crying with no windows opened after we went home he “disciplined” me. To this day I even remembered what he said “ I don’t care if it’s your birthday, I will plaster you against that wall (we had concrete walls)”as I’m crying because of the belt marks on my back he screams “ don’t you dare talk back to me I promise you, if you carry on you will die tonight”. My birthday this year all I wanted was to relax and watch T.V I couldn’t even do that I spend the whole day doing my brother’s (15) project, not helping, DOING. None of my friends even called or texted me happy birthday(on my birthday in 2018 - last year of high school, the last time even heard from my friends no one even wished me and we all where ID cards that display our D.O.B), maybe because I wasn't one of the popular guys, I'm always the one getting left out. I actually found out my friend group had a group chat, I never even knew about it. On my birthday this year the whole day was filled with yelling, swearing and violence. I got so angry that I took it out on myself, and that alone just brought back memories of me self harming, I used to cut and burn myself I even tied fish tank tubing to a stick and whipped myself with it. I’m turning 20 next year I don’t know where my life is going, I was meant to finish university next year instead I failed and repeating it, I just feel like I'm wasting everyones time and money. I have no determination or drive left, I'm just counting the days till my demons win. I honestly don’t plan to live past 21