I have no idea where to go.I don't want to call a crisis hotline because my parents pay for my cellphone and I don't want to have to explain it if it shows up on next month's bill.

I think there's something severely wrong with me but I have no idea how to seek help.  I've got a minimum wage job that takes up all of my time, but my expenses often exceed what I earn and I don't have insurance so I can't afford therapy (or any kind of medical care, which is awesome, because I keep losing sensation in one of my toes for a day or two at a time and I'd really love to know what that's about).

I dropped out of college because I wasn't feeling it.  I've got gender identity disorder and it didn't take long for the depression it causes me to become debilitating, so I decided to go back just so I could have access to health insurance.  Unfortunately, I'm a terrible student, so I managed to earn myself a guaranteed F in a class early on, which meant I'd be kicked out; it was before the drop date, so I could have withdrawn from school and been fine, but that class meant losing my coverage and it seemed like I was finally about to start transition.  My therapist and I discussed it and she agreed that it was worth it to just get kicked out so that I could get started on hormone treatment.

Just typing that I'm slapping myself for not seeing what a horrible idea it was, but it gets worse; it turned out she couldn't get me started on hormone replacement therapy after all.  So now I've been booted out, I can't go back and I'm the furthest I've ever been from transitioning.

I don't have any kind of support network.  I've tried talking to my friends about this and it seems to make them uncomfortable -- and I don't take that personally, although I'm a little disappointed I'm not as close to some of these people as I thought I was.  My parents are transphobic and aren't willing to help me pay medical expenses of any kind, let alone therapy.  My family and friends think I'm some kind of genius -- which I don't understand -- and even after my horrible stint in college they're always telling me how they look up to me and how they expect great things from me.  I have no idea why, but this makes me feel a hundred times worse.

I'm up until 7 in the morning every day because I can't turn my brain off.  I basically wake up, go to work, come home, watch a movie, then try to find something to occupy myself until I'm exhausted enough to sleep.  All I can think about is how badly I fucked my life and what a disappointment I turned out to be.  I can't imagine another 40 years in some stranger's body.