Too scared/unable to get helpI know there's a lot wrong with me but I always hesitated in getting real help because 1. It will hinder my work (which is stupid because in the long term if I get worse, I wouldn't be able to work anyway) 2. It is very costly and lastly 3. Where I live, having problems with mental health is looked down upon and you tend to get shunned by family and friends...

A little backstory for anyone who would come across this and chooses to read on...firstly forgive me for my english, it's not the best. I grew up always being very socially awkward and I was bullied non stop and beaten up for looking masculine and not like a typical girl. This continued on until I started going to a private school where I enjoyed being one of the 'popular' kids for once. In between the time period of leaving my old school and going to the private school, I was treated for depression and prescribed medication which I never took (I can't remember if I refused them or my mother never gave them to me). However I thought of myself as 'cured' because I started losing weight and growing out my hair to look at least somewhat decent compared to before. I would binge and then purge but never realized this was a problem, in my head it was an effective way to lose weight and nobody at home questioned me either since I would just say I felt sick after eating too much then go to the bathroom to vomit out everything I just ate.

In the new school I was introduced to an older man through one of my friends and we ended up being in a serious relationship for several years. 2 years in I discovered that he was cheating and that was when I fell back into depression, having constant thoughts of suicide and paranoia. We still stayed together on and off for a few more years until I made the decision that enough was enough and I ended the relationship after not being able to trust him anymore.

Shortly after, I met another man who was perfect in my eyes - he was completely open about everything and I truly felt loved while I was with him. We were together for about a year, ending the relationship based on some stupid argument which had nothing to do with cheating. This time however I was not in any sort of emotional turmoil and moved on fairly easily.

Throughout the time I was with my 2nd partner, my first ex still kept tabs on me and told me he had never and would never date anyone else. In a moment of weakness and loneliness, I contacted him one day thinking maybe we could give it another shot. We were together for another 2 years until the same problems arised, him cheating, me being depressed and suicidal and eventually wanting out.

The next few years I stayed locked up at home not even meeting family and friends...just in a constant state of absolute misery, feeling the worst I'd ever felt to that point, no longer finding joy in anything. Somehow or another perhaps after realizing I couldn't continue being a burden to my poor parents anymore, I forced myself out of it and got a job where I could work at home and earn a living, not substantial but enough to support myself and not burden my parents who had both stopped working.

I still feel severely depressed and closing in on 30 years old with just a handful of friends (all of whom are either married or available to hang out with but my social anxiety prevents me from any real life interactions) and a job that just earns me about enough to survive. I rarely leave the house unless it's to buy groceries. Appearance wise, it's never consistent as I could go weeks binging on fast food and becoming overweight to starving myself and doing water fasts to go back to my original weight. My last facebook login triggered another suicidal attempt after I found out that both my exes have gotten married in the years I was doing absolutely nothing with my life, laying in bed staring hopelessly at the ceiling thinking of killing myself but not wanting to upset my parents who ultimately would be the ones to discover my dead body.

I feel embarrassed to have even typed this all out as I realize I could have just gotten it together but the thought of ending my life is constantly there...I never feel good enough or worthy to continue living... I want out but at the same time I'm too cowardly to do so. The few friends I have are aware that I have social problems but they don't know the extent of my depression and I have never once confided in them about it.

My family does not believe in depression, they are extremely religious and believe that any form of mental health issue can be 'cured' through prayer which is why the only person I've confided in is my mother who I don't want to bother much as she herself has burdens of her own so I tend to just act as if everything is normal even if the night before I was in my room slicing my wrists or leaving the house at 3am looking for a high enough building I could jump off from. I have scars on my arms that are partly from cat scratches so it's easy to make excuses for all the other scars that are there from cutting myself.

I grew up never being close to any of my siblings...somehow I always felt unwelcome to them and none of them has ever attempted to bond with me in any way. Being as socially awkward as I am I guess I can't blame them but there was one particular incident in which my older brother told me something that hurt me to my core and that I will never forget. Around the time I had left my old school and was severely depressed and acting out, stealing and spending money to gain friends but instead being bullied even more, my brother for whatever reason came up to me one day in the living room and said that I should end my life because nobody would miss me. It was one thing to be a punching bag in school but to have your own sibling tell you that you are completely worthless...it was just a really awful feeling.

I can't fault any of them though as ultimately I'm the one with all the mental health issues and I have yet to overcome my severe social anxiety. Now I'm at the point where I'm expected to marry and have children but instead I'm stuck at home trying to survive each day trying to suppress thoughts of killing myself. I don't even know how I would go on even if i did overcome all my issues as I now harbour thoughts of hating the idea of being intimate with either men or women and I don't ever want to have children.

If there's any way I could get help without incurring a ton of debt, I would be very grateful. I do want help. I don't want to spend my days crying in bed and thinking of how useless I am and plotting ways to kill myself. I want to be a useful member of society. I want my parents to be proud of me instead of being ashamed of having a child who's known to be a loner and doesn't ever leave the house. A complete loser.

Getting treated here is very costly and I want to know if there's any alternatives, maybe meditation, anything aside from prayer as I did that and just ended up becoming an atheist as it did nothing but worsen my suicidal thoughts. If you have any suggestions please let me know, and thank you for reading.