I despise modern life... I feel like we are all nothing but caged animals. What happens when you cage an animal? They get anxious, bored, irrational, and sometimes violent. They start to break down. We've effectively done that to ourselves. We should be spending our days surviving hunting/gathering, growing food, being self sufficient and living in tight knit communities. Instead, we have emptied our lives of every natural human behaviour and filled the voids with useless activity. Its making us mentally ILL. Humans weren't meant to live in a society like this, the same way penguins aren't meant to shop on amazon. It's unnatural, i feel it deep inside my core and i know others must as well. There is no real enrichment. We overpopulate small areas to live on top of each other, we go to work jobs that leave us deeply unfulfilled that we hate for most of our lives, contributing to the destruction of our planet due to the unnecessary consumption, our lives have no purpose, and we are numbing our minds with technology to cope. The working week is just an empty concept to me, weeks, days, months, years it just makes life feel like it's some calculated concept, time goes by simultaneously to fast and too slow. Why are we working so hard to maintain the status quo of our creature comforts, sacrificing my time to explore the earth, when instead we're just working towards our environment's destruction. I think of the structure of it all - economies, governments, life.... and its like why? what are we doing it this way? i feel like we have to much of what we *think* we need and not enough of what we *actually* need. Everything feels so artificial, we have to act a certain way, dress a certain way. Tell me i'm wrong please? i try to blame myself for having a warped perception of the world but i don't think its just me.. I've become jaded, bitter and overall apathetic as a person.

I hope i'm making sense surely i cant be alone on this.

living in this modern world, it truly depresses me, i feel disgusted to be a human in this time putting up with it all, killing our planet while we all turn our heads blaming everyone else. I'm generally a positive person but I do contemplate suicide at times as my only resort to ending the suffering. But i think just going off grid to build a cabin in the woods living on my own terms is what i should do with my life.