Big trigger warning for trans people in thisMaybe this is me just being off my meds, maybe this is from over indulging in drugs, maybe it’s just how I’ll always feel. I don’t really care which it is because point is, this is shitty, it keeps going back to being shitty, and it won’t stop returning to being shitty. 

I’m a tranny, my body has been fucking obliterated by testosterone so I’d never pass, I’m about to turn 19 really soon and I’m still unable to come out to anyone because truth is, I actually hate trans people. I find them all including myself fucking disgusting, we look like freaks of nature and seeing other trans people makes me feel fucking sick. I have horrible dysphoria and can’t go without transitioning but why does it matter when I’ll always just be a man, I can be a dead man or a disgusting freak man, but never a woman. I’m sorry I don’t want to hurt any trans people and this is disgusting of me to say but I can clock any of them, even ones touted as pretty and passing, I can always tell. I don’t want to be like that, I don’t want to be gross and ugly. 

My birthday is almost here, I’m still a man, I’m still going to be a man. I don’t want to celebrate it, I don’t want another night of all my friends seeing me as “one of the boys” I don’t want another night of me having fun then going home and crying because I’m a man. I don’t want another night of me pathetically waiting until 4am and doing my makeup and wearing nice clothes to make myself feel better only to still see a man in the mirror, if I transitioned years ago then maybe, but I’m disgusting now.

I can get a boyfriend, I have people attracted to me, I don’t care, they’re attracted to me as a man, everyone wants me to just be a man. 

Even the people who are supportive, you can tell they stifle their disgusted reactions towards trans people, I’m autistic and even I can fucking see it. 

I’m failing school despite everyone thinking I’m smart because I’m too fucking useless to get out of bed, everyone is disappointed in me and I’ll never make my family proud. Fucking hell i can’t even get a fucking minimum wage job. I’m disgusting and I’m worthless. I don’t see a point of continuing and hope I can have the courage to go through with my plans tonight. 

I smell like fucking shit too because I can barely shower most days without wanting to throw up because of my disgusting body, I don’t leave my house most days so it doesn’t matter anyway but honestly not being able to do basic fucking tasks because I’m a freak is the most frustrating thing.

Genuinely I’ll probably pussy out on the suicide attempt tonight and not actually do it because I’m weak so sorry for wasting your time with the rant.