I tried k*lling myself last month.I tried to kill myself last month. 

I sat in my bedroom with a belt around my neck. I stood up and started pacing back and fourth, crying, as I tightened it more and more. I was building up the courage to finally do it, and I did. I hung myself in my bathroom for about 4 minutes until it gave into the weight of my body and I fell on the floor. 

The last 7 years of my life I’ve dealt with a stalker that has taken over my life. She started when I was 15 and every day I was being told to take my life. In 2017, my brother shot himself and died. In 2018, my ex boyfriend at the time hung himself and died. He hung himself 2 weeks after I left him. He tried texting me to talk to me and I pretended my number was changed and he texted somebody else. I’ve had men in my life who have put physically harmed me. I’ve had men in my life who have sexually touched me without my consent.

I spent the last 2 years of my life with immense amounts of sadness and lots of suicidal thoughts. I never really had much of a support system, my family moves around a lot so as soon as I got friends it was as if I was leaving them. Every time I’d bring up my sadness to my friends, they gave me temporary relief by playing games with me or trying to make me laugh and forget about it. That was only ever able to work for so long. It felt like a cycle of being a burden while I cried and had them do this to cheer me up all the time. It stopped working for me.

I had 2 surgeries the last two months that put a strain on me, and in return it put me in a bad place knowing that I had just admitted I wanted to die. Eventually, my relationship was called off as we both had a lot do deal with and immediately I started having the rushing thoughts of not being good enough. I started thinking of the moments I remember leading up to the deaths of my loved ones and I remembered all the bad things that happened to me. That’s when I tried killing myself. 

Immediately after this happened, I cut off all my friends. I did this because when I reached out for help, I still got the temporary 5 minutes of relief until I was upset again. I got angry at being sad, and I took it out on not only my friends but my ex because I felt no help from them, I felt abandoned. I have a fear of abandonment. 

I remember crying to myself, booking a plane ticket to run from my problems. I went drinking, something I had never done before. I talked to old people that I had done stuff wrong to. I walked around town one day, looking at the house I was at when my brother died. I remember going to my exes old place, just staring at it for a while and blaming myself for his death. I planned on not coming home, because I planned on finally just killing myself away from my parents so they didn’t have to see it. I went home shortly after. 

I still feel extremely suicidal to this day, but I want help. My only stop for me right now is putting my parents through another child loss, and the guilt I feel for others if I had done it.