I don't want to be here...I am a young adult going to school on the west coast. My family all lives back east so I'm not within reach of any family right now. My girlfriend broke up with me because I cheated on her. My friends all hate me because of what I did. I hate myself because of what I did. I feel like I'm a disappointment to everyone around me. I look to the future and see only pain and disappointment. My father is an addict, as was his father before him. My mother is an emotionally-abusive, depressed individual who has never been there for me. I feel that the only thing that I've known in this life is pain, and that the only thing I will be able to bring into other people's lives is pain. I don't want to live, but I don't want to die because my religious beliefs tell me that my torture if I commit suicide is far greater than the torment I experience daily. I don't want to live, and I don't want to kill myself. I want to die, but I don't want to do it myself. I want to change, but I don't want to be given a second chance to hurt people. I want to be happy, but I don't want people to disapprove of my actions if my happiness goes against their expectations of me. I want to be able to run away from it all and ignore their expectations, but I can't run away from myself. My feet no longer move towards a future, and I'm tired of running from my past. I hate myself, and I feel that others should hate me too, but I don't want them too, but they should. I'm taking antidepressants, and I've talked to counselors and trusted adults, but all they do is lie to me and want me to quit the only thing that I care about which is school. I don't have anybody to turn to, even myself. I feel that I'm already dead, but I just haven't realized it yet. I don't know what I'm looking for on this subreddit because if you tell me that I'm a good person I won't believe you, if you tell me that everything will be ok, I won't believe you, and if you tell me that life is precious and worthwhile, I won't believe you. The only thing standing between me and the edge of a cliff is the thought that I would be hurting others and myself even more if I did end it all. I need help.