It's here againOk so I've been having this dettachement feeling since I was a child, always been the odd one at home and school but learned and grew into it.

Now, after an epilepsy diagnose it just gets worse I don't see the point, there's nothing for me here, not even my boyfriend or my family nothing to be honest makes me wanna get up and live anymore, tried working at home maybe I was just way to stressed so I stopped teaching at a school and begin this phone interpreting job but it's been a terrible week I just feel caged, lonely and lost mainly that, it feels like I'm an alien or a member of a different species in this planet. I have incredible people in my life, I love them but it's really exhausting trying to live around this society.

I can feel people in the streets staring at me, feel followed and judged all the time and I can not honestly take it anymore. There's  nothing that would keep me here, my family is doing great, my boyfriend will get a new girl he's lovely and my only friend whom I love more than anyone else he will be fine he is a strong man a beautiful person, never liked having too many friends because I always considered having friends would make you part of a group and will eventually kill your individuality

Maybe I was born in the wrong time or the wrong place.

I talked to my boyfriend about this, we live together and a week ago I just said it, I feel dettached from this world, there's nothing that keeps me connected with THIS.

He stood beside me, he hugged me, made me write what I felt and promised he would help and I thought that would be the solution, maybe that was what I needed.

But it's not, I don't trust people, i love him but I don't trust people I've been hurt before by people in my own family. People who would swear they loved me.

I can not do this anymore, I'm exhausted of pretending I'm someone else, can not do it anymore.

I was diagnosed with epilepsy 6 years ago, after a couple of months my mother passed away, then my epilepsy got worse, started using medicinal marijuana to treat my seizures,but now after 4 years of treatment things are getting out of control I have seizures and hallucinations again I'm scared all the time.

Worst thing is that when ppl found out about my case I was invited to TV, Radio, Youtube shows to talk about how I have overcome my epilepsy, so now I have this weird "inspirational person" status, people write to my Facebook, Twitter and Instagram saying they admire me and that I'm so strong for facing this problems and I just want to crawl under my bed and die in silence.

The only thing that stops me from doing is that I don't want my family to blame my boyfriend or my best friend I want them to know this was 100% my choice.

I'm NOT desperate and overwhelmed by problems or debts I just don't belong here.

I just cancelled a meeting I had tonight because I want to do it now,today but can't seem to find a way, I don't know if there's a "101 suicide" website.

So far? I'm about to go to the drugstore here a couple of blocks aways to get some diazepam or xanax; this city I live in is so messed up you can get those without a prescription anytime you want

I just don't know if I need a bucket or something or put some towels under my body don't know really what is this going to cause I just don't want nobody to be cleaning after my mess.

Just wanna die and leave everything clear.
This was not someone's fault neither I have had a series of traumatic experiences this is just a person whose choice is to be dead.

That is it.