Losing faith in everything...Hey... I'm an 18 year old female from Portugal...
My life 3 years ago was pretty much 'normal'.
Last year I won a lot of money from playing a game, one that I love. With that game I started trying 'snort' drugs, and legal snort drugs like "Bloom" in the beginning of 2011. I have quitted since then... I do still smoke a joint here and then.. but to the point, I learned a lot that year... Possibly more than I would want to, with money I could see first hand people I never talked with starting to be really nice to me and stuff... With money on the game it was the same thing... I got so sick of seeing the fakeness (spelling) in people... Anyway, in august I had a very rich bank on the game... After a lot of dedication, because yes it is a game, but to me it's a second life, and why not? A 'friend' in real life hacked me for its contents... That helped to my current state, not so much about the money... Just being backstabbed by someone I considered to be a good friend really sucks. Not mad, sad.
I tried suiciding once... Drinking bleach, but alas... A little puking after and I was fine...
When I was living with my mother things weren't easy, not expecting them to always be aswell.. But we got through. One day she gets home, mad I have no idea why, starts trying to start a fight... And succeeds, I have a temper too, and I can see when things aren't the way people try to make them be. Crucify me for not being like you...
Anyway.. she called the police... And I wasn't even scared because I knew I had done nothing wrong, when they got there I think they were expecting something mental by what my mom said on the phone to them, they just found a peaceful person... Anyway, they stayed on my side... I left the house with them, spoke to them a bit near the police car, and they gave me 3 cigarettes to spend the night... Brilliant I'd say.
I walked near my dad's house, spent the night in an abandoned house (because my dad lived with my stepmother, and we didn't really connect... So I doubt she'd like me knocking on her door at 4am.)
and I must say... I slept really well. The feeling of knowing your conscience is clear from guilt is one of the most important things for me. That's why I never lie either. I really don't, I see no need for it... Things are the way they are, and I'm ready to accept anything at all, for as hard as it is... Also, if I don't know something I don't pretend to... I simply admit I don't, so I can learn more...
Anyways, I went to my dad's in the morning... Talked to him about it, and he said he was going to try and talk with his wife... See if I could stay in the house.
I did... I got a job... and my best friend lived right across the street. Seemed like life was straightening (spelling) up for me...
Then, my stepmother gets in a fight with my dad... Asked for a divorce... And I'm like D: ?... Umm, probably the funniest part of this bit: I had admited to smoking joints towards them. There is nothing wrong with it... I'm not forcing them to do it, and it's my health/life, it actually helps me sometimes. But yeah.. I was in the computer one day she comes at me and says "HOW COULD YOU?" I said "what? D:"
She dragged me to her 12 year old daughter's bathroom, pointer at HER SINK, where a little bar of hashish was, and accused me of bringing drugs into her house. like.. LOL? I NEVER carry drugs with me, when I do it's an individual ganja and to be smoked soon... And I would NEVER leave a bar of it on her daughter's bathroom sink... Seriously lol... My own dad didn't believe me at first... *sigh*
So yeah... I couldn't find the motivation to keep working... Knowing life was about to fuck me over again, so I left work... (earned 400€ which I let my dad keep recently for bills and stuff...)
I stayed in my ex-stepmother's garage with my dad for a week... Wasn't an easy week, mostly playing pokémon on my old trusty gameboy and listening to the radio... Not being allowed to go into the house itself.
My dad then found a house, with my aunt's help (she's great) we moved in... and it FINALLY seemed like life would give me a break... And it is better I suppose... But since living alone with my dad he's SOOO changed... I know people seem to change when they live together and I understand he's probably stressed out... But he stresses me out like this.. I've tried to talk with him calmly... He just tells me I don't do nothing right, that I have no goals in life, that I have no social life (no wonder... most people are shit and only care about money)... I just don't know what to do anymore... Wish I could just disappear... It hurts me even more, knowing that I am not a bad person... I don't even LIE for heaven's sake... I don't feel envy, I don't feel hatred... I only feel hate for what people can be...
They give no meaning to words, our primary way to communicate, they use them to manipulate others much like my stepmother did...
I HATE when I know I'm right and people try to walk over me... I just HATE it, and then I get accused of only doing crap, and when I ask "What is it that I did exactly that got you so upset?" the reply is "You're not worth the time." RIGHT....
A little (not really) tale about my life... and a few vents too... Hope someone out there cares to read, and understand. Maybe ask questions. I've just about given hope on mankind...
Sincerely,
Jade May