Done sticking around for people who don’t even care while I’m alive but will have a sob story once I’m gone.I’m so done with living my life never gets better. My sister has bullied me my entire life into thinking I was ugly. When we got older I gave her many chances to change her behavior but she’s definitely on the narcissistic Spectrum. She’s ruined the entire family but we no longer talk. After that I met a man who used me for sex from the age of 17-20 when I really thought he liked me for me. I gave him multiple chances because I wanted his validation. I was so dumb to think someone would really love me. My mom is so emotionally distant because of her own abuse and my real dad and stepdad are no longer in my life. I want to love myself but running into the same type of people is exhausting. I turned 21 6 months ago and met a man who I thought had good intentions. There was no red flags until I started realizing the whole relationship was revolving around sex again. This time I expressed my emotions from the jump and told him a little about my past so he knew I wasn’t playing games this time. We had our ups and downs but nothing we couldn’t fix until I messed things up by getting drunk and acting crazy. I felt extremely bad bc I let my anger out on him when I should’ve expressed it sober &amp; I’ve apologized countless times. I know drinking isn’t a excuse but I wasn’t in my right mind but I should’ve never drank that night. I forgive so many people but no one forgives me am I dumb for giving people more than 1 chance. No one sticks around in my life I’ve deleted all social media I could care less seeing what people post. I also lost my best friend a year ago from a heart condition she was the only one who kept me sane. I feel like why did God take her instead of me she’s way stronger than me. I’m tired of being miserable and pretending like things are going to get better they don’t. I could care less about sticking around for my family who doesn’t like me anyways bc of my sisters lies. I pray to die everyday I need to guts to end my life before I turn 22.