Midnight distress and ranting, why is abuse being excused?Hello

I come here in hope to keep some will to fight. I'm just gonna write to let it out and delete it in a few days.

 I have been dealing with depression for 18 years of my life and the last year has been really tough. I'm currently struggling with suicidal thoughts but I don't necessarily want to die. Like, I just want to be gone and disappear, I want everything to end and just indefinitely sleep, never wake up, but disappear in a way no one notices it or hurt from it; however, I have a friend by my side, who tries her very best to help me, and the sole idea of hurting her and leaving her causes me even more stress than anything else ─and ultimately, helps m, somehow. I still care enough for my loved ones to not give up the fight just yet.

And that leads me to the struggle of communicating. I'm angry. I'm beyond pissed but also extremely afraid of hurting my family who keeps on denying everything that's happening to me because "many others have it worse", "you're exaggerating", "it's all in your head", my mother keeps sighing at me whenever I mention this is **not** normal that my father is treating all of us like shit, calling us names and screaming at us for a sausage that wasn't cut correctly of because he ran out of ice cubes. I tried tonight to talk to her on the phone, to tell her I refuse to come for Christmas because I'm done with this whole hypocrisy and denial I see in both of my parents, but she just tells me she's hurt and anxious now, and she wants to stop the conversation.

I'm scared and I don't want to hurt her, but I can't keep on being half dead because living is just horrendous. I'm 30, jobless, no ambition, no dreams, I just have small hobbies giving me short time enjoyment then I go back to cry, feel like shit, having attacks I keep secret from my friend because I don't want her to see me like this. I even gave myself a deadline, thinking by 35 I'm definitely gonna be dead. I feel like people are giving up on me because in their eyes I'm not fighting hard enough, because simple things are stressing me out (I'm still jobless and poor). Because I'm too emotional and I can't stand some injustices I keep witnessing but since I'm overwhelmed by my emotions, I just can't even argue properly without having mental breakdowns and become either as abusive as my father, or I just isolate myself and self-blame constantly.

Sad thing is, I am not dumb. I know I'm far from being dumb. I know I am also very gentle and compassionate, I find life to be beautiful and nature fascinating, I love how humanity's technology is advancing and I am curious about the future; yet... I don't want to be part of it. If I could just be a timeless ghost, watching the life-show, I'd throw everything away for it. Does that make it worse, or better?

And I don't know how to talk to my family. I don't know how to even start the conversation, because as always, I am the one who has to do the first step ("sorry" is a word I say, but never the others) even though I keep showing signs; but it looks like they deliberately look away. They're too afraid to see it and it isolates me even more. They want me for the good moments but not the bad ones; yet I also know if I was to disappear completely one day, they'd feel hopeless, full of regrets, and wish they had done something or talked to me before it was too late. And that's the most painful part. Feeling like I have to actually do something irreparable in order to be heard, but I won't be here anymore after this to talk things through.

I wanna tell my father he's an abusive bastard, one of the worst people I've met in my whole life. I want to tell him he abused all of us, but my mother the most for sure. I want to tell him in my eyes he does not deserve any of us; my mom should have divorced him many years ago and I am disgusted doctors did not stand up against him when, on his visit to see me at the hospital, he told everyone I was a "dramaqueen" and that "I just need attention" for trying to kill myself. I wanna tell him I do not wish him to die and I do like him, I just wish my father would be less of an abusive cunt and more of a caring father. He's been constantly minimizing his own actions and forcing us to approve of him. I'm 30 yet my whole childhood keeps haunting me.

"I slapped you when you were young but you're not traumatised, right? I have strong daughters!"

"You're not dead so I'm not the worst."

"Yeah right, I'm a terrible man, insensitive father who hates his own daughters! After everything I've done for you how can you say that?!"

And so on. I know what it is. I know it's manipulation, gaslighting.

"Even as a whore no one would pay for your ass, that's how ugly your are, both outside and inside".

Wrong, I'm beautiful. I'm a pretty girl. I am not horrible. I love more than he could ever do.

"You're so stupid I'm ashamed of you."

I'm not stupid. I'm just like everyone else.

"Look at you, at your age, not doing anything, you're a failure and you really need to move your ass, my house is not a hotel for whenever you come back to the country."

"You should start doing things that actually have value and matters, not your stupid shit games on your computer."

"What's the fucking use of Google if you keep asking dumb questions like this? You're a grown ass woman, use Google."

"You're a bitch."

And he's just such a sexist bastard to top it off.

"They should have picked a different actress, this one's ugly as fuck not even her tits make up for her face."

"I'd fuck her with a bag on her head."

"Aaah I'm glad my wife got the boobs! Can't say the same for my daughters, all flat!"

"Show your tits!" while laughing when we watch a family movie.

The more I write, the more I find him horrible. The more anger swirls in me like crazy and how I feel the injustice. And the more I think about it, the more I am pissed people find him excuses such as "his parents are douchebags" or "he had a tough life". Why? Why excuse this shit? Why normalise this behavior? This is NOT normal! It has consequences! It deals damage!

I'm so tired. So damn tired. And you know the worst? I know if I ever was to explode and tell him everything I think of him, if my mother was to leave him, he'd be devastated and I don't want that. I just don't want to hurt anyone.