I'm not depressed, so why do I want to die?I used to be very depressed, and often wanted to die. I’m not depressed anymore, but recently the want to end my life has been coming back.

It’s almost like I’m just sick of living. I have friends, great family, and all the ingredients for a wonderful life, but something is missing. Not from my situation, but from my emotions. 

I never get sad. Things don’t bother me. Things in my life go horribly wrong, and its like I just shrug and there’s no emotional connection. I’d say I’m numb, but that’s not quite it either. 

I get happy, good things will happen and I will laugh, and enjoy myself, but it’s like those happy things just get absorbed into me, and turn to nothingness. A happy moment is just a moment, but leads back to numbness. Mostly I just feel like I'm existing, but not really living. 

I find myself sleeping all the time. All night, and most of the day. If I’m tired, I sleep. If I'm not tired, I sleep anyway. Every so often I’ll stop feeling tired, and stay awake for a whole week, with almost no sleep at all, and at that time I’m productive, but I tend to freak out at weird things (probably from the lack of sleep) and then I go back to my old self. That is the only time I feel like I’m really alive, like I’m going somewhere. The rest of my days are spent doing the bare minimum, wanting to sleep.
I have things that I want to do, but I’m taking no steps to achieve them. I want to write a book, but I just don’t. I don’t ever do it, so I don’t know why I say that I will, because I know that I won’t. 

 I’ve been wanting to write this post for a long time, but I haven’t because I don’t feel like I should, because I’m not depressed. I know the hell of being truly depressed, and that’s not me. I also am very confident in my appearance and personality. I have all the makings of an incredible person, I have so many talents, but I just don’t have any motivation. None. 

There is positive motivation, where you feel like getting stuff done and then do it, and I don’t have that. There is also negative motivation, where you feel stress, and get stuff done because you worry about it. I don’t have that either. I don’t have negative emotions, just this happy/empty feeling. A hollow happiness. A constant, infuriating contentment that I can’t shake off…


I’m so happy, so why aren’t I happy? Why can’t I get anything done? Why do I think about stepping in front of a car every time I’m on the sidewalk? I’m sorry if this isn’t the place for this, I just don’t know where to turn. There is no one for me to talk to- I’m the “happy one.” People come to me with their problems. They admire me for my confidence, and my resilience. I don’t want them to know that it’s all just… empty…

I went to a psychologist once, and she told me that she couldn't help me. She didn't understand why being 'too happy' was a bad thing... 