Page from the diary/journal whatever the fuck you want to call itStarting to feel so empty again. Dead inside. Taking Prozac makes me feel empty too, but with no feelings. It’s hard to explain. I had no emotions, really felt like I was just going through the “emotions”, but not actually feeling it in my soul. At least when your not taking it I’m feeling something. Feeling sad is better than feeling nothing at all. 
Again and again it’s the same story. Why do I keep doing this to myself? I go through every motion to be “normal” I don’t know what’s normal. Being happy is normal. Those moments where you connect to someone? To yourself? To nature? To life? 
I’ve been disconnected for so long. As long as I can remember, what do I have? All these questions and the answer lies in the black hole. 
I love life. I love every single bit of it. I think the most beautiful thing I know and so blessed to have. To be able to have all the gifts I have. I’m grateful for my breath, my vision, touch, heart, thoughts. Everything. Even the bad and ugly. We are given all of this. Are we?
I don’t fit in with any crowd of people I know of, at least I haven’t found them yet. You usually hear tumblr people saying that, but no I don’t even fit in their. How is it I don’t even fit in with the weirdos? Mind me I think they’re awesome. So intelligent and creative and open minded and hearted. The best people. Tumblr is where you’ll find someone you hate and someone you’ll love. But you’ll definitely find weird, which is good. 
Then you have the athletics, ya kinda have to slide into that perfectly for that to work.  Then the books people. The social butterflies, I swear I can get random cases of severe social anxiety. And other times I’m a boss ass bitch. The nature’s people, I LOVE THE OUTDOORS. But not as much as the people who do love em. Music♡ greatest gift to live for. I can go from dirty rap to sweet classical and be so in love with both of them. I like every kind of music. I don’t discrimate. Then the art, I can stare at a painting for hours if I can, art is truly art. Cultures- I wish I can live a 1000 more expensive years just to learn more.
Yet through all of that who am I?  Where would you put me in? Who do I talk to or meet for  someone to understand me and accept me?
No friends and absent family, I lay here alone writing this piece for my eyes and thoughts only. Is this a moral of the story writing?  Idk it’s whatever the fuck it is. 
I’m on a tightrope running, standing still, crying, laughing, emotionless. Trying to understand the world below me. Watching everyone else lives go by ever so beautifully.  
I’m perplexed.
