Never thought I'd be having suicidal thoughts.I don't really care that this is my main account.

I'm currently camping with my four best friends in the world. We planned this trip for ages and now it's actually happening, but once again my mental illness ruins things for everyone. Last night I freaked out because they wanted to go for a walk in the woods at midnight without phone signal and I was terrified they might die. One of my friends gave me a much deserved talking to and said that the world shouldn't revolve around me, which is of course right. I shouldn't be controlling them, it's just the anxiety talking.

I stayed up with my absolute best friend and another friend until three, when we decided to go to bed. However, despite knowing I was in a fragile mental state my best friend decides to go off and leave me upset. I messaged them asking just to chat because I was lonely, to be told that I was making a big deal out of nothing and I should forget about it. You can't just forget anxiety issues, they're always there.

I cried myself to sleep, then woke early this morning shaking. Some mean part of me wanted to make them worry about me as much as I worry about them, so I took my blanket and went for a long walk in the woods to see if I could spot some wild boar. I got back after about an hour but noone had contacted me asking where I was even though I knew they were awake, so I went and sat by the cafe and browsed reddit until one friend found me. She said she'd been looking everywhere for me and that my best friend was worried sick. I was finally happy - he actually cared.

When we got back to the tent, he was asleep. I don't know about you but when I'm worried sick about someone I don't fall asleep until they're found. I left again. I'm now sat by the cafe again crying my eyes out. I'm always there for them, but I never feel like they care for me at all. I'm entertaining suicidal thoughts for the first time in my life - maybe if I killed or seriously injured myself they'd finally care about me? I'm tempted to make myself throw up right now so they might actually take me seriously. I'm a disgrace, and everyone's fed up with me. At least if I killed myself they'd actually care.