i dont understand why i keep getting thrown awayit's just the same thing time and time again. I become friends with a guy. Good friends. They'll text me all the time. Eventually, we start going on dates and sleeping with each other. We spend time together and do non-sexual things. We're close. Everything feels comfortable and intimate. Safe. He might talk about how worried he is about what might happen in the future, but then he follows it with telling me how happy he is.

But then, suddenly the guy becomes distant. I ask him what's wrong. He'll say "it was all just casual anyway" or "you're nothing but a blip on a radar." BUT THEN they keep me around. They keep talking to me and inviting me to hang out. They don't want me too close, but god forbid I get too far away. I don't understand how they change their minds this quickly.

I don't understand what I'm doing wrong either. I genuinely start out as friends with these people; they're not some randos I pick up off of tinder. I try to keep things relaxed. I'm not too demanding. I know I talk a lot, and I tell them that if they ever feel like they need space, that they can tell me and I'd back off. But they never do. They just suddenly leave.

I'm so fucking tired of this cycle. Everybody just wants to fuck me, but nothing else. It's happened to me twice, in relationships that have lasted at least a year. I don't know why this keeps happening, and it makes me feel like shit.

I'm 23. I weigh 115 lbs and people tell me they think I'm pretty.  But that's all anybody really tells me. I'm really tired of people who I thought were friends taking advantage of me. I've never had a man tell me he loves me, except for when I finally left my first ex. And I'm angry about that too, because I probably would have stayed except he acted like he didn't care.

It feels shitty knowing that no one will ever love me except for my appearance, and how once I start aging I'll probably have no one.

I've got 2 different types of tequila, sixty 10mg pills of propranolol, which ought to be enough for someone my size. I've got a deep bathtub too, so even if I only pass out from that, I could still drown.

I just want someone to love me and care for me as much as I care for them, but I don't think it will ever happen so I should probably just die. 

I feel like something's wrong with me, and it makes me defunct and undeserving, but I don't know what it is or how to fix it.