Work, work, workMore of a rant.  These typically drop me out of my moodlets as a form of frustration release.

It's pretty endless.  Going to school for an education, working endlessly, going home to a miserable filth of a place.

I'm tired.  My days off are spent cleaning because my parents, whom I still have the misfortune of living with, are slobs.  Absolute disgusting home environment, and work being no better with an annoying boss who won't keep the running mouth under control; as a result, I've developed some severe apathy for my studies.  

I'm really just running out of steam.  I'm surrounded by boxes of my things to keep them from touching the nastiness of the home.  I don't quiiitte make enough money for my own place, and most of my hobbies and things that could make this easier for me are unattainable; either in a box or buried underneath the shit that isn't in a box.   I told myself I wasn't suicidal, but yeah, I am getting there again.  I will hit checking out before suicidal, but checking out is almost always the worst possible thing I could do to myself.  

Bed, TV / Computer, Wardrobe, mess of everything else that I use fairly regularly.  I can't utilize any of the space outside of my room because it is a pig sty.  My family tends to be slovenly and gross and half of my mental breaks are because of that.  I am not super neat freak, but I'd rather not HAVE to wear socks/shoes inside because it's dirtier than stepping through the yard, but hey, w/e not my place, can't do shit about it other than spend 12+ hours cleaning, just to have it completely devastated by Monday evening when I get home from work. 

SO if I do manage to get out on my own, then I will be in control, but in debt.  Well, I suppose that's the better alternative.  But right now it's been baiting me so fucking far out of reach.  

I can't live in that rotten home anymore.  The dryer and main kitchen sink have been out of commission for three or four months.  We've been clothesline drying everything.  Winter and fall make it so clothes smell like mildew.  It's better for my clothes to use perfume and NOT wash them as opposed to water damage.

The washer is janky as well; we can't get the damn things repaired because the hallway is cluttered with filth.  My room doesn't really look that much better because there is so much clutter.  I've already eliminated half my wardrobe (hence the boxes) but won't throw anything away because the washer damages the ones I still have, so I'll really have to go through and determine what still is good to wear and what has holes.

 I'm using retail therapy to curve some of my mental anguish, but really it just adds to the pool of crap and then it  detracts from my $$$ for moving out (I bought a switch because Breath of the Wild is too amazing not to have around).  I haven't dipped into my savings --- but I haven't been adding significantly to it either.  I'm derailing pretty fast and my relief/saves are few and far between.

What I want is to work on Video Game design and Writing, but I don't have my area set up.  My computer isn't even on a desk - it's attached to my tv and it is bad for my wrists and back.  I'm getting pains because of the old mattress, which is the substitute for my chair.

I'm making do with what I have, but I can feel how much I am reverting.  This lack of happiness is not  a new concept, I just learned how to deal.  Now that things are steadily worse than before with very little reward, I'm getting a little . . . pissy.  I'm tired, I want sleep, I want to play, and I want to study.  I dgaf about work, but if I want to move out, I have to....... If I substituted cleaning for work, ditch the dead end job, I MIGHT have a chance at just taking the next few years to get my B.S in Data Analytics while simultaneously working on my dream project (which besides the cats is the only reason I would have any desire to stick this shit out).  

So, honestly, My choices are:

Drop work, work on school, bear through the filth and have more flexibility to do something about it, but lose the control of eventually owning my own place (within a significantly lessened timeline)

OR

Keep going to school, keep going to work, try to slap a band-aid on my mental anguish, and possibly having a payout but most of the joy sucked out of my life and continue being a cynical, angry person.  At least my house will be clean.

Option 2 is probably best.  Option 2 sucks raw eggs and I feel like I've been trying for Option 2 for a while.  I like learning and whatnot, but . . . well, C Average is as good as any, yeah?  As long as I can barely get by, it should be fine.  Maybe.

Option 3 is probably:
Work, school, get really angry and yell at my parents for being slobs, clean, set up my work station, scream at my parents some more, work, school, maybe finally have a workstation.

My dad works from home and uses that as a reason why he 'shouldn't have to work' (I work 48 hrs each week outside of home, so ...........)  My mom has mentally checked out - hence my aversion to THAT - and will bemoan about circumstances, but won't do shit about it..  Because of these two big factors (mom&amp;dad), Option 3 hasn't been really working out for me.

Option 4 is obviously fail to keep my mental crisis in check, forget what reality is, lose another year of my life and eventually get pissed off enough to try again or get pissed off at myself for quitting.  Gain another 40 pounds by not doing shit and eating crap and go up 2 more jean sizes.  Yeah, still negotiating the last time I 'took a break' from reality.  Never again.  

However, if life is all work and no play, I can guarantee I will quit.  But apparently the modern slave is in style today so we'll see how this goes.