I'm sick of being lonely, sick of planning for a life I don't want, and sick of being a failure. My life needs to end.This wasn't how I envisioned life would be at 26. Unemployed, alone, overweight, breaking out in all kinds of acne and rashes because the fucking depression won't go away and hasn't ever since November. Where everyday, I get impulses to just completely eviscerate myself. But I don't. Instead, I sleep. I sleep day and night, hoping that when I wake up, that I'll get one brief reprieve from how terrible I feel. So I never leave my bed. Never leave my room. I'm done looking for work. I'm done trying for a life that it's clear I'm not supposed to have. It doesn't even help to drink anymore. It doesn't matter how drunk I get, I always end up crying. Always end up turning to those same impulses.

No one's ever fucking hiring, and I can't go anywhere myself because I only have a driver's permit, and everyone in my family refuses to actually teach me to drive because they're too busy. But then what the hell am I supposed to do? All I can do is pay for driving classes, and the most affordable driving classes cost up to $300 for two or three hours. Hence why I'm looking for work again, since clearly I wasn't cut out to work in sales. Couldn't meet the quota. Even after I closed my first sale, the manager didn't give a shit.

I can't socialize anymore. I'm quiet and shy and awkward. The only relationships I've been able to build have been online, but I've even gotten sick of those, because you know what? They're not here. But my chances are better anyway, because all the people offline do is call me a fat fuck or try to mess with me. And that's another thing. I don't even fucking eat junk food. I eat nothing but healthy. My diet's mostly vegan. And I don't even eat that much because I'm never hungry. It's that fucking thyroid. It's too low. But I didn't even find that out until I was 22, so..The damage is done. People who say looks don't matter are full of shit. They're all that matter.

And all my family's concerned about is me going to college. They pester me. They rush me to pick any goddamn major. But I don't want to do it. Because I don't want to live anymore. I've been fighting depression since I was 14. But it's at this point now where it's never felt this bad.

It feels like the right time, now. I've tried my hardest for a long time, now. But it isn't meant to be. It's nothing but obstacle after obstacle, in every direction. There comes a certain point where you just feel like you're broken. And no matter how hard you try to fix it, it's all for nothing.