18 yo and not very excited about the futureSo, 18 years. It's relatively a lot of time and I've done almost nothing. I've been seriously considering suicide and for a simple reason: my life is boring, I'm boring, and it probably won't change. I'm not attractive and I'm extremely shy so in all my life I've literally made like 2 friends that I actually used to talk to when I was not in school. I'm a kinda smart guy but the fact that I'm EXTREMELY lazy and don't know what I wanna study in college makes it pointless. It's common to see ppl being made fun of because they're an 18 yo virgin but I've never even kissed a girl. And, honestly, I never cared about it. I had 3 "crushes" in my life. The one that lasted for the longest time lasted for a month. A month that I didn't do anything about it and didnt even approach her to talk. That kinda bothers me since everyone is always either on a relationship or trying to get into one. I don't usually enjoy talking to people. I like my family but if they were to simply ignore me and stop talking to me, I'd be thankfull for that. There are few people that I enjoy talking to. And by "talking", I mean talking on skype or just texting, since I'm terrible at talking to actual people. I definetly dont like myself. I always look at my flaws and feel disappointed about myself. Whenever people compliment me, I literally can't accept it because I don't agree with it or feel like they're doing it to make me feel better about myself. People tell me I need self esteem but honestly, it just sounds like lying to myself to make me feel better. I went to one kind of party and I spent all the time on my phone and wanting to go home. The fact that I'm extremely lazy makes changing those things a very difficult task. I used to be really depressed but right now I simply dont care anymore. If I choose to live, I'll probably start a course I don't like and give up or force myself to study it. My extremely bad social skills makes having a job kinda difficult. I simply cant imagine myself working and dealing with people. As I mentioned, I never cared about dating but now I do. I dont rly like anyone and that makes me sad. I simply cannot love anyone. So I gotta choose between living a boring life in a college/job I dont like or killing myself. When I was really depressed, I used to have suicidal thoghts pretty much every day. I decide to stop that self pity and then my depression is weaker now and I stopped thinking about suicide. Well, untill I decided to think about my life and my future. I don't wanna live such a boring life and don't think I'll be able to change it, so why not commiting suicide?