Long, venting, useless post. Just needed to get things off my chest. Please ignore.I’ve been depressed and anxious before, but I’ve never struggled with suicidal ideation like this.  But since the election results (USA), I’m having a harder and harder time seeing the reason in going on.

First: a bit about me.  I have about 10k in credit card debt that no one knows about. I also have student loans that I’m behind on because I can’t figure out how to restructure my payments, and I’m afraid to call and ask for help because they always talk to me like I’m mentally challenged.  Hell, maybe I am…
  I’m unemployed and have a bad credit score, so I can’t get a consolidation loan.  I have a BA and am trained as a hairdresser, but I’m not good at either one of them.  Hence why I can’t get a job.  The last time I worked retail I was *almost* as suicidal as I am now.  I can’t tell my parents about my debt because even though I’m almost 30 and married, they still treat me like a child.  My husband would lose his shit.  He doesn’t hit me, but I’m always afraid that he will.  He gets so angry, and I’m an Empath, so I feel his emotions even stronger than he does, and it’s terrifying.  Plus, I’ve been lying to him for *months* as I just let myself get more and more behind on payments.

But this could pretty easily be fixed by filing for bankruptcy.  My main problem is with the rest of the country/world:

People say "it's not the end of the world", but I firmly believe Trump winning the election is it. Trump is going to crash the economy, so somewhere down the line, I won't be able to care for my pets, and I'm going to have to euthanize all of them so that they won't starve. And then I'll have to go on living like I'm in a 3rd world country while also having to deal with the grief of missing my babies...
Trump is going to ignore a critical window for climate change. I've never wanted children, but if I did, I wouldn't be having them now, because I'd be sending them into a world that's totally doomed.
Hate crimes have already increased, and I know it's only going to get worse. He's elected a bunch of corporate stooges who are going to bleed the middle class dry, and the lower class will only get poorer. There is literally no hope of ever getting ahead for anybody.
This election in general has just shown me how fucked up we all are as a human race. Sabotage, backstabbing, nobody standing up and taking down Trump while we still had a chance. I just feel like we're all experiencing Learned Helplessness. We've learned that everything sucks and we can't change it, so what's the point of even trying? I don't think Congress has it in them to stand up to Trump. This is what's going to let everything go from worse to even more worse.
The world isn't in a place where it can bounce back from another Hitler, or another world war. And Trump will at least be another Hitler.
I've been depressed before, but I've never struggled with suicidal ideation like this. I just think it's all downhill from here, and I don't see the point of sticking around for this hellscape…

I just don’t know what to do.  I really want to check myself in somewhere, but I also think I’m not enough of a danger to myself.  It’s also impossible to find a place with beds open around here.

All I’m good at is spending money and complaining about my white girl problems.  I’m scared to die, but I know the world really would be better without me.