Feeling suicidalI hate this world. Having said that why am i putting myself through this torture, this anguish, this nonsense every fucking day? 
[  ] Its fear. Im a fucking coward to scared to do what needs to be done. Kill myself i mean. Look.... fuck whatever you say. if your life is so wonderful than lets switch for a month and let me see if youd still feel like the sun will come out tomorrow. Because my life is fucking monsoon lagoon for fucking years now. And no im not just blaming life this is a confluence of me being a generally shitty person in a shitty world. We all know how the world is shitty so ill save you the details and only touch upon the ones most deeply entangled in my own shittyness. Im not social- sure the few actual friends i have my say otherwise but thats just because im a good actor. I need to be or otherwise id have been 51/50d a long time ago. I dont like people. I fucking hate people. Yet at the same time i absolutely loathe solitude. Which is worse? Both depending on the day. Im emotionally/romantically lonely but almost everyone is these days but its worse when people want to fuck me but have no romantic or emotional ties to me. I should be happy you say??? No. Im not a fucking slut and it just makes me feel worthless and as if there is something wrong with me on a level that people can actually sense somehow. I have no motivation to do anything because whats the point. I used to work out but fuck it if people only want me for the body i was sculpting. Work?? I quit. Well i was gonna quit the next week but i was fired before i could. Luckily the unemployment i get is what is allowing me to survive-if you can call this surviving. My checking account is -124 my credit card is 500 over drawn and theyve been this way and growing since mid july. I just paid this months rent 24 days late which means i have a weak to make next rent. Behind on my carnote by a month for the second time in a row (hello credit marks) Im barely eating and barely feeding my dog trying to make it to the next disbursement from unemployment. Why was i planning to quit?? Well i fucking hate being a cook/ corporate slave/scapegoat. On top of that i was supposed to be fulltime yet my hours would drop to 28 a week some weeks but my schedule would be made in a way where i had no time to do homework- oh you see im goin to college to try and get a better career ......... 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 ive been in college for 6 years to no avail. Every year i make less and less progress because i have more and more finances. This summer course was the last straw after finally making some academic headway. I recieved a fat ass GPA dropping F because i couldnt study/ do hw thanks to my work schedule. On top of that thanks to my random drip in hours everyonce in a while i was already starting to fall behind on bills and rent. Why sork at a place that is hindering school and not even allowing me to pay for my shitty ass expensive studio. But now here i am broke hungry threatened with eviction every month malnourishing myself and my dog. No health insurance not car insurance not pet health insurance. Why am i torturing myself to continue this? Im sorry but if you say those few precious moments make it worth it then go suck a fucking fat ass dick because 60+ years of blood sweat tears doubt anxiety loneliness and destitution does not count for one years worth of combined happiness over a lifetime. Not to me. I wouldnt even take 1 full year of consistent happiness. Whats there to fight for in the future. Hotter summers? More compacted living situations, shittier parking $15 per gallon gas? Water so polluted its acidic? Having to pay for and breath through a gas mask because the amount of plant matter on the planet is damn near non existent. Am i gonna really live to see the 1% tey to leave the planet that they single handedly fucked over and leave us all to die anyway?? Can someone actually give me a reason. A REASON. Not a blind sense of optimism. What fucking signs could possibly make anyone think that things are going to fucking get better? Nothing but all signs are pointing to exponential shittiness in the days/years/decades to come because im n9t sure if humanity will survive another century.
[  ] I wish i wasnt a coward or id fucking take my life this instent but the only way if be able to do it is by gun to temple because every other way allows me the time to contemplate my death comming and i want the action to be swift. Scared of heights so jumpings out. Pills can be ineffective and im not trying to get caught and 51/50d. Dont know where i could hang myself and i have no money to get a gun. Im fucking miserable. Welp i already know once my dog soko dies i wont give a fuck either way so ive got maybe 1-3 years left before he leaves me to kill myself soon after. Wish people took pro bono killing contracts or shit kill me then take my keys off me and take all my shit and sell ot for your pay idgaf anymore nothings woth feeling this way.