'I'm really lose to killing myself tongiht.I'm so scared. I can't take this anymore. My pain and anxiety levels are skyrocketing for no reason. I can't keep holding on. I know I could kill myself almost any time. There's no reason for me to hang on.
i'm so scared though. i don't know what to do or how to make it stop or anything.

EDIT:

Today I got really close. I'm not relieved I didn't kill myself. I'm actually frustrated and sad. I didn't get a chance to attempt because my parents interrupted me before I could start.

I was in a place where i realized i don't want anything. I don't want to work, to study, or be succesful, to fulfill any dreams, to be in love with someone, to have a future .I was in a lot of pain, but hesitating becuase my preperation aren't done for my plan, then my parents came over unrelatedly and mom freaked at me for some stupid thing not being clean (I'm legal but visiting home). So i cried a bit at all of it, and got the whole "Suicide is a sin" and by implication "Self-harming is wrong" speech. She also has threatened to commit me if I ever admit to her that I am a danger to myself.

So my mom tells me to meet with this pastor who's just going to tell me the same things. my family's religious, and many people's opinion of my pain is that i just need to trust god more, or be more spiritual, or that "All things work out for good."

Too bad I'm sort of becoming an atheist for other reasons. 

Anyway, I'm upset, beause the only thing I want is to die. That's literally the **only** desire I have. And I don't have the balls yet to actually kill myself. The only solace I have is that if I got pushed a little farther and had some alcohol, maybe i could do it. But it's hard and it hurts so much to be alive. 

It hurts too because since I cried earlier, now I "feel better." But nothings hanged, and I dont want to feel better....I wantthe problem to be solved by me being dead. i guess i just need to  drink more next time and jave it ready.
Thank you

TL:DR **I am in a living nightmare, where the only thing I want is death, but I am guilt tripped into staying, and also I'm to weak to do it, and that hurts. I feel guilty for wanting to die, and for not trying to get better. I feel "better" now because i cried, but i don't want to "feel better," temporarily or een get better... I want it to be over and to die.**
