Feeling so low actually considering it to be the easier optionI think the worst thing is that no one around you has any idea that everything they are saying, doing or even just their facial expressions make it worse and make it seem like the better option than being around them. I feel completely trapped, no way out and surrounded by toxic parents and a brother who delights in making me unhappy for some reason, even though I have no idea what I did to any of them.  


They all talk about me behind my back, no idea what they say, but when one of them gets in an argument with me they normally end up spilling the beans that they are talking about me and always in a negative way. My brother who actually does nothing and pays nothing gets an easier time than me.  


My dad called my a whore yesterday, because I called him a liar. He said our cats were fighting, I didn't think they were but went to the door anyways. He berated me for living here, which I have no choice, he said it was better when I wasn't there, then the whore part about ten times, wanted to kick me out, stormed over and got in my face to the point my mum had to stand in front of me. He wanted to physically fight me even though I was doing nothing to provoke him, not enough to cause that much of a reaction, but everyone is fine with it.  


The whole time I was responding, staying far back and trying to show him that it wasn't a big deal that we had different opinions. Then last night after it had happened he said "Sorry for what I was saying before I was just angry" and that just pissed me off even more. What kind of dad calls their daughter a whore when they are far from it? I tried to say that I didn't care how angry he was, he should never have called me it, then my mum being the enabler she is turned around and said "But you called him a liar" ... Am I the only one that thinks this is odd? Why is it okay for someone to say that? Pretty sure liar and whore are two different things, on completely different levels of insult and incredibly nasty to use one over the other. He then got angry saying "I don't want to go over it again I am just trying to apologise."   


The reason why I can't forgive him right now is because I don't think he understands what he said and did was completely wrong. I know that it will happen again in the future and I can't be bothered living in a family that never wanted me. If you think this is bad then this is only the surface which makes it even worse, never being able to tell anyone what I actually go through and pretending to be a "nice family" when people come over. It's disgusting. 