It's time for me to leaveI'm 16 and my life has fucked me over. My dad was a physicslly abusive alcoholic when I was 8-12 and after that he became a manipulative sadist who made me cry every chance I got. I fought with him every day my whole childhood and still do. He never physically abused my sisters but he brakes them down emotionally the same way he did with me. He can't break me anymore cause I lost all emotions and became a sociopath. At 10 I stopped believing in any religion at which point I lost any morals I had left. I lie cheat and steal to get what I want. At school I got bullied by everyone, both physically and emotionally. This included kids cutting me, kicking, punching, knocking into lockers, stealing my stuff from my locker and backpack, and just never having a single friend. I eat lunch in the media center. But now I switched schools and kids just leave me alone. My dad and I don't talk anymore and it's been great to not fight with him. But I'm still not happy. If anything I've gotten worse. Every damn day I think about suicide. Being a sociopath I couldn't care less about the people that it would hurt and I keep pills stashed away for when I am ready. Nothing helps. I've been on antidepressants, add meds, anger medication for when I wanted to shoot up the school and yet it did nothing. I've been in and out of mental hospitals in the last 6 months. I've been seeing a therapist for over a year. Nothing helps. I don't do drugs besides vape, so I know my problems aren't drug/alchohol related. My parents took away driving privileges a week after I got them and took away tv and video games. The only things I enjoyed. Every day I cut deeper to release the endorphins so I can sleep for the night. On top of it all I won't be able to go to college despite having almost all A's in honors classes cause my parents won't loan me money and won't cosign on a loan because they don't trust me. I don't know why they don't trust me they just don't. It's always been that way. So after high school I'll be lucky to have a job, let alone live on my own. I hate my current job but I gotta save so I can move out at 18. If I make it that far. Anyways the point of this is what the hell am I supposed to do. And don't tell me to get some help cause I've been down that road. I don't want to do this anymore. I'm ready to be done.