If not now, then when?Is there ever really a good time to kill yourself? If not now, then when? I've been asking myself this question for the last 2 weeks. I always seem to find myself back in this same position: single, jobless, no friends and absolutely, devastatingly heartbroken. This is a cycle that hasn't been broken for the last 6 years of my life. There might be something wrong with me, in that I haven't been able to make friends of my own since I was 12, and for the most part I lead a lonely existence. The only friends I ever make are the people I meet through the guys I'm dating at the time. It's not as though I don't try, I do. I put my best foot forward, I'm awkward a little bit but my heart is truly in the right place. I am always there for whoever I am able to befriend, no matter what. I'm the person you call at 2 AM when your car breaks down. But not once in my life have I had a person (outside of family) that has been that person for me. No matter how much love I put out there, no matter how much I care for and about people, no one has done that for me. 
And now I find myself sitting here, so beyond despair that my tears have turned into dry heaves, that I feel like there is no point. Why continue to try and reach out and make new friends when my cycle always ends the same: Me, sitting alone in my room, bawling into a pillow and asking God why he is putting me through this yet again. I'm so tired, guys. I'm so tired. 
Right now I'm going through a break up, I was with him for 2 years and we broke up after we had a dumb argument. 2 years of my life just halted and tossed away like it meant nothing. And all of the amazing people that I met along the way went with him. None of them are talking to me, none of them are texting me back. I'm 23 years old and I feel like i'm 16 all over again, having custody battles over friends. And I live 2 hours away from any of my friends from my past so driving out to them is nearly impossible. I'm isolated out here, alone. My own sisters are too absorbed in their own stuff to even care about what I'm going through. They talk to me for 5 minutes, tell me to get over it and then start talking about themselves again. To put it in perspective, I'm in my room, sobbing and typing this out and they are literally in the loft right outside my door watching a movie together and laughing and having a good old time. They have seen me crying, but they walk right passed me. I'm an afterthought to them. 
And now I'm sitting here, debating on whether or not to just end it. I can't handle this heartbreak. I can't bear another day of this hell. I'm so lonely. I think I'm going to do it, I think it would be better than this. I feel alive in the worst way right now, and death seems like it just couldn't be much worse than this. 