I can't do this anymore so I'll probably kill myself tonight.I'm 19 male and in college. I'm nearing the end of my 3rd semester and if I have learned one thing it is that I hate college like I have never hated anything before.  I am majoring in Comp Sci which I actually don't hate but you sure couldn't tell that looking at my schedule because I currently am taking a bunch of stupid religion classes that I hate and am awful at because I go to a liberal arts college and they want you to "broaden your horizions" I suppose which means taking classes that have absolutely nothing to do with your major. I am in college because my dad works here which means I get free tuition.  This should be a blessing but really I feel trapped because if I quit I will have pissed away a free education. And then I'd just have to get some shitty job that leads nowhere. I live at home because it's only like 5 minutes away, it's cheaper and I don't want to have to share a room with a roommate in one of the shitty dorms on campus which is all I could afford. But that also means I don't really have any friends.  Being alone hurts but I don't really want friends because I had some in high school and found I don't even like going out and hanging out with other people. I find it stressful and EXPENSIVE. I've never had a girlfriend either and that does bother me. It's my fault I've never had one. I never tried because I was always terrified of rejection and now I really don't know what to do or say when I speak to a girl. People say just be yourself but there is really nothing interesting about me.  Anyway I've always assumed that college would break me and if by some miracle I made it through I would get a job I don't really like  and eventually off myself when I decided I was done being alone and miserable all the time. Life just seems like a lot of hard work and I can't even enjoy things I used to like. I mostly just stare at the TV in my free time because it's easy but I don't enjoy it. So yeah I'm done. Sucks that I'll die a virgin but that would have been the case anyway. Why prolong the inevitable.