What's the point of living when human connection simply isn't possible?I haven't genuinely connected with anyone in my life other than maybe a couple of close relatives, neither of whom are living anymore. I've always prided myself on being solitary and acted like it was just a personality trait, but I've begun realizing that I cannot maintain a meaningful relationship, be it friendly, romantic or otherwise. I want to have feelings for people, beyond "I do not hate this person". 

I want someone that I can be myself around, even if I'm not certain who "myself" is anymore. I want someone that I don't merely tolerate, but enjoy having around. I want to feel things. What's the point of investing anything in myself if I'm the only one around to enjoy it? Things alone aren't enough to make me happy anymore. 

I guess the place to start would be trying to build empathy, but how is that accomplished if I can't even maintain a conversation with most people? I'm not totally incapable of it. I get mad when I read about awful things in the news. I had a dog that I cared about and I think I was a good owner. Its not like I'm a psychopath or anything, so why can't I feel that way during interactions with people? Why can't I get attached to anyone? I want someone that I'd miss if they were gone. 

I feel like I've wasted my entire life up to this point, and I don't see any way to get where I want to be. I've been diagnosed with depression before and took various pills, and while it did limit the more extreme sadness, it didn't make me happy because the issue isn't chemical. I'm missing something that cannot be replaced by medicine. Its not like I can afford to see a doctor or therapist anyway. 

So why am I posting this here? Well, I've started thinking a lot about my future, and suicide seems like it may be the best option. I'm fundamentally broken. The best future I can reasonably imagine is me dying alone in relative comfort, with no one to miss me or even know I died. That isn't what I want. Why should I go through the trouble of living if that is the best I can look forward to? Connection between people is the only good thing life has to offer, anything else is worthless without it. I know someone will come in and say "being alone isn't so bad, bro!" but that's easy to say when you have a choice. Choosing to be alone is different than having almost always been alone, and being unable to stop being alone.