Trying to get in contact with a drug dealer...I want to get a hold of good, strong down. That way I'll at least get to feel a little bit of happiness and relief as I go. It's kind of ironic as I recently took naloxone training and have a kit in my possession. At least I now have a better idea of what to expect once I take whatever it is that I can get my hands on.

Was thinking about ordering off the darkweb but don't think I can wait that long for the mail to be delivered. This is so fucked up. I wish I didn't feel this way and have this desire but I don't want to deal with life anymore. 

Having a chronic illness will do this to a person. The uncertainty of whether or not there will be treatment that will help me, the loss of my ability to take care of myself and attend to most of my basic needs, having to go on financial aid and leech off the government, the loss of my job that meant the world to me, the inability to go to raves and concerts anymore, the inability to DJ, the inability to volunteer with the harm reduction street team and the special needs peeps I love so much, the smashing of my dreams of going back to school to defy the odds and be an autistic social worker...fuck, I can't fucking handle it. My life is worthless without what defines me and gives my life meaning and purpose. I can't ever see myself building a new identity.

I've already been through enough shit in my life. I was born with a learning disability and autism spectrum disorder, was verbally, physically and sexually abused as a child, went through years of systemic abuse and bullying, just about didn't make it through my teenage years due to my abusive parents, endured abusive relationships as an adult, was sexually victimized by a roommate for months on end, was involved in the sex work industry, got into drugs and booze and went to rehab and managed to kick the habit and pull my life back together and now...boom. I'm hit with a chronic illness that has stolen everything that means the most to me.

I feel bad about hurting my family and friends but they have no idea what it's like to be in my shoes. Honestly, I feel like it's pretty selfish of them to want to have me here continuing to suffer. If only they knew. If they had to live with what I have to, I'm sure they probably wouldn't want to live anymore either.

I've always been a supporter of informed suicide. Looks like it's going to be the option I'll chose to exit this plane of existence. I'm going to run to catch the bus now if anyone understands that reference.
