Should I just Give up?Bitterness is such an ugly feeling, but one that often comes hand in hand with living a life of underwhelming success and overwhelming failure. I’m often told not to compare my life with others, to keep my eyes on my own plate and focus on my own accomplishments and feats, but if I’m honest, I really just can’t seem to help it. It’s hard watching the most entitled and spoiled people you know getting everything handed to them on a silver platter when you work hard day after wretched day to better yourself and still struggle in every single aspect of your life. I suppose I wasn’t born with a fantastic set of circumstances and that in itself should make me feel better about where I’m at, but it doesn’t.

I was born to drug and alcohol addicted parents. My dad was arrested when I was one, when after a night of binge drinking, he threatened to murder my mom and I. My mom was arrested when I was four, and since I was severely underweight and covered in lice, the courts wanted to send me to foster care. Instead my maternal grandmother stepped up to the plate and I was sent to live with her. At five, I was sent to Stanford medical school where I was diagnosed with ADHD, OCD, PTSD, severe anxiety, major depressive disorder and a nonverbal learning disorder. It was these diagnoses that would come to rule my entire childhood. Despite my grandmothers best attempts at giving me a normal life, the damage had already been done and the dice had already been cast. Being unable to pick up on social cues or discern between the difference between niceties and falseness, coupled with a seemingly endless inability to prescribe the right medication lead to a childhood filled with awkward and embarrassing obliviousness. It was obvious to my peers that there was something different about me and this lead to a lot of bullying. It probably didn’t help that growing up with my Jewish grandmother meant I really didn’t fit in. I didn’t listen to the same music or watch the same movies and TV shows or celebrate the same holidays. Nobody in my class knew who Simon and Garfunkel was or had ever heard of Dr. Zhivago or Yom Kippur and they teased me relentlessly for my strange tastes and awkward and embarrassing behavior. I was sent to a therapist who I credit for my life today, as she spent years teaching me emotions and how to pick up on them, proper behavior, and normal social interactions between me and my peers. Looking back on it now, I have a lot of embarrassment when I think about my childhood and all of these realizations make it nearly impossible for me to enjoy comedy films as I get very bad secondhand embarrassment. At twelve my grandmother had had enough of my ADHD, and paid $10,000 out-of-pocket to send me to receive experimental shock therapy in order to cure me. It of course didn’t work. I know she did it out of love and not out of malice, but to this day I cannot step foot in the city where this took place.

Things only got worse for me after that. In an extreme case of medical negligence, my psychiatrist prescribed to me a medication that was meant for anorexic people to gain weight but had a good side effect for ADHD patients. I was not the only one but this happened to and a huge lawsuit was opened up and all of the families affected were paid pretty handsomely for their troubles. This however didn’t help me, at 12 years old, despite being incredibly active, I was the heaviest kid in my class. (Fun fact, Everyone I know who had this medication is to this day, overweight or struggling to maintain it.) Things seemed to only get worse when in highschool, i realized that not only was I bisexual, but that I was also transgender ftm. When I was seven years old my father had come back into my life, a changed man thanks to converting to Seventh day Adventist, and he left me for a second time when I started dating my girlfriend during sophomore year. To this day he still doesn’t know that I’m trans. After coming out to my grandmother she was surprisingly supportive of me having a girlfriend, however that didn’t stop her from kicking me out when I was 18. This was devastating to me, my grandmother was the only constant in my life and do to the weight issues I was unable to hold down a job. At 19, as though everything that it happened up till that point had not been enough, I was diagnosed with keratoconus, a degenerative eye disease which became so bad so fast that I lost the ability to drive and work. This of course meant that I was now an incredible burden to my family, my friends, and more importantly my girlfriend who I lived with. The treatments at the time we’re not available to me so I spent four years attempting to get Social Security and in that time, I lost most of my friends and being stricken with the realization that I would one day be blind, my weight issues went through the roof. The same year that I received Social Security, was the year I hit my lowest point. I weighed 460 pounds and could barely leave my house. I was unable to medically transition due to my weight, I was in danger of passing away in my sleep, I was legally blind, and by the skin of my teeth I had managed to avoid any major health complications but I knew if I kept going the way I was, it was only a matter of time before I developed diabetes or heart disease.

2017 was the year I decided to change my life. Through diet and exercise and complete lifestyle changes, I managed to get down to  220 and am still losing. In 2019 I moved from my shitty rundown apartment  a nice one with my girlfriend and our roommate. receiving Social Security meant that I was able to contribute but I wanted to do more. I began working with the Department of rehab in order to pay for a new treatment option and it just went through this year, so on the 13th I am going in to hopefully fix my eyes. I Started medically transitioning from female to male on August 9th. On New Year’s Eve, I officially submitted my name change papers which should come in sometime in February. If I can get down to 190 by June I can get top surgery and more importantly remove all of my loose skin which will bring me down to my official goal weight. There’s no doubt that I’ve worked hard, I’ve done everything I’ve needed to do in order to succeed in life and, despite never using my mental illnesses as an excuse, I’m still not happy. I know I’m going in the right direction but I still feel so shitty. I’m not happy with the way I look, I still look fat and I can tell that other people think so too. Despite looking like a man, I still get called she and people use my gender to discredit me all the time. I still feel like a burden on everyone around me, and I’ve been noticing lately that people have been blowing me off or interrupting me so often that it feeks like nothing I have to say is important. People rarely talk to me unless I’m the first one to initiate conversations and the one time I decided not to initiate a conversation someone who called themself my friend, well it’s been two years since they’ve talked to me. I just feel so unimportant and like nobody around me cares about everything I’ve done or everything I’ve accomplished. I mean, I’ve lost over 240 pounds, I am working on fixing my eyesight, I fought so I can support myself and my girlfriend, I made new friends and regained a relationship with some of my family, I started transitioning to who I really am, and despite crippling mental illness, extreme physical limitations, and three suicide attempts and hospitalizations; I never gave up, I’m here today. So why does it feel like that’s not enough? 

Bitterness is such an ugly feeling, but it’s one that comes hand and hand with never being or doing enough.