I really believe that one day I will die by my own handThe thing is, I've never *wanted* to die. I accept that death is an inevitable part of life. And I also don't struggle with depression or mental illness. My default is to wake up happy. But I went through a lot of abuse as a child, and I thought that one day I'd have a husband and a family and it'd all be worth it. But I don't, and it's not worth it. All the shit I endured, telling myself one day I'd have my reward and live well, and if tween me knew that I'd end up like this, at age 34, I would've killed myself then and saved myself the trouble.

I think it all began with my conception -- my mother was having an affair with a married man, and he didn't want me. He told her to have an abortion, but she didn't. I really think that's where it all went wrong for me. My existence was just a cosmic mistake, and all my life, the cosmos has been trying to tell me that I'm not wanted here. I wasn't supposed to be born, and even my biological father didn't want me. I was a mistake.

It was all a mistake. I've been trying wholeheartedly since I was 17 years old to find someone who would love me and want to be with me. I had a handful of longterm relationships, a couple amicable breakups, and whole lot of misery. I was lied to, abused, exploited. Men don't see me as a viable relationship prospect. I think maybe because I'm not supper pretty -- I think most of my face is good, but my mouth is kind of ugly (not my teeth, they're good). I have an ugly smile, ugly lips, ugly chin. Thin, lank hair and a slightly crooked nose -- those things I think I could deal with, but my lack of prettiness is just a killer. Men look at me and think, 'yeah she's smart and nice and all that, but I can find a prettier one.' I'm never the first choice, and even the men who did date me long-term, I think they were all holding out for something better to come along. I was just okay so they wouldn't be lonely. 

No one has ever wanted to marry me. My friends don't understand this -- my friend Jimmie has been married twice. I tried to explain to him, 'look, a minimum of TWO people have wanted to marry you. Not one person has ever wanted to marry me.' Not a single one! No one has ever wished to marry me and have kids with me.

I've considered getting a sperm donor, but the thought sends me into total despair. It's my standards for myself -- I wouldn't look down on another woman for growing her family this way, but in my mind, it means I'm so unwanted there is officially no hope of me finding a man who would want a child with me. And how can I perpetuate yet another generation to living without a father? How could I ever look at them in the eyes knowing I condemned them to this? And what if I pass on my own unattractiveness and doom them to my fate?

Lots of people never meet anyone. Lots of people age and die without ever finding anyone. So the pat answers people give -- 'oh there's someone out there for you/you'll meet someone' just ring false. You can't *know* that. I have tried my hardest for 17 years and I have not even the tiniest indication there is anyone for me. I even tried dating men substantially less attractive than I would've liked -- they treated me worse than the others!!

It's so hard to talk about this. My friends just want me to be happy again and stop bringing this negativity to them. I end up calling suicide hotlines every few months when I'm having a total breakdown. I tried a texting hotline and I am 96% sure that it was a bot talking to me. Certainly seemed like a bot.

I'm tired of the self-improvement stuff. I've done all that. I got an education, I lived abroad, I've volunteered most of my adult life, I have friends, I have hobbies -- all of it seems like noise to cover up how crushingly empty my life is. Yes, my friends would be devastated if I did this. At least some of them would be. But if my best friend was eaten alive with cancer, and she wanted to end her misery, I'd completely understand. I'd be sad about it till the day I died but I'd understand. So why must I continue to grow older and haggier to keep them from the pain of my death?

I really think I'll limp along for a few more years till all hope of having children is gone, and then hang myself.