Will shortly talk about my life and then I'm ending it on Sunday. No turning now.Hey. My name is "Steve" (not really), I'm 21. This is going to be quite a lengthy post, so brace yourselves, if you want to go through it. Will briefly talk about the parts of my life.

I had an alright childhood, never had too many friends, but I managed with the ones I did, Was a fun time. Mother didn't go to work for 10 years after my birth (crazy, right), but father managed.

10 years old, my parents divorced, at the time, I didn't even notice. Only that the atmosphere was a bit different, we stopped going outside as a family, ties with our close family started to crumble, and I stopped talking to basically everyone, including my best friend. I also started to become fat.

12 years old - Found some other friends from my street, the family situation was still the same. Found some friends in my class. Lost some weight, wasn't as fat as the year prior, though I still was overweight.

13/14 years old - Nothing really changed, other than the fact I found some other friends in the neighborhood, and became close friends with my classmates (six people together)
Fell in love for the first time, she said no, didn't want a relationship, was in one 2 weeks ago (lasted for about 6 years).

15 years old - Everything went to shit. The situation at home was unbearable, mother became an alcoholic, like, berserk, shouting and fuming.
My close classmates sometimes asked, whether or not I'm "alright", they noticed that I wasn't as happy as I used to be.

They also developed some micro groups, secretly talking behind others' backs. I was left out, nor did I want to participate, so I got kicked out, they insulted me every day, that kind of stuff.

This was also bad, because I fell in love with one of those girls. Of course, she said no. Then again, I'm happy for that, as she went on the drugs career and dated 25+year-olds.

After a month of this harrassing, they finally cut that shit out and we became friends again. This lasted until the final days of primary school, we wanted to go for a pizza, it was closed, and that was the last time we ever met together.

At this stage, I was first getting suicidal thoughts (almost 6 years ago). Whether when best friends can do something dirty like this, is the life really worth living? Can I trust anyone?

High school: I didn't even have to do tests, went for the first meeting 3 weeks before school started, I was put in "A" class and my 2 former "Our 6" classmates were put in "B".
I said "Hey, we can maybe meet each other sometimes, and I'll get some new friends in here."

Boy was I wrong.

At first, everything seemed alright, but after 2 months, I knew this was going to be hell for the next 4 years.
Literally nobody liked me, because I was a big ginger, I was fat, didn't have the coolest things because we were poor AND I wasn't dumb and didn't drink myself to death every friday. So they left me out of... everything. Every conversation, every project, everyhing. I had a giant target on my back.

First year came and went. School was a nightmare, but I'm a strong guy, I can cope with pain. The situation at home was starting to become insufferable.
The police were called about 3 times, my mother went to the psychiatric facility, to rehab, didn't work.

Second year, I was all alone, in my class, but hey, two of those 6 former classmates showed up, so we talked every break and were friends again. That went to shit when that girl I fell for, again, started to do drugs, again. And started dating another guy I knew. Because she told me "I don't wanna ruin our friendship by dating you" and did that exact thing with that guy.

Then, a beacon of hope happened. Whopping ONE girl from my class wished me a happy birthday or something, and we sparked up a conversation.
By this time, we took our mother to the court to get her out of our house. We did, after many painful months. So this girl was my beacon of hope. She was about the coolest girl you could imagine, cute, no makeup, smart, liked good music, so I asked if she would go out with me, she denied. Every time.

After some months of talking and 10 000 messages, I told her about my life, how she was my only beacon of hope, and yes, that I fell in love with her, aaaand she blocked me. Back to square one I go.

Now, another friend from primary school was contacting me, and he was a nice guy, so he sometimes came by to my place and I had at least one person to talk to, since everyone else either found a girlfriend and left, or they completely changed their tune.

3rd year in high school: Tried to get my beacon of hope back, no dice.
Helped my best friend that I knew for 14 years find a girlfriend, he payed me back by... being a dick and never having time for me. She broke up with him, he started smoking 20 a day, drinking and cutting himself. I helped him from this shithole, he cried on my shoulder, literally, then payed me back by... getting another girlfriend, never talking to me, being a dick and calling me "gay" for not being in a relationship. I kicked his face in and that's how our 14-year long friendship ended.

The girl who was on drugs and I helped, called me to go out with her. We played some darts, she went on to fuck a guy, then came back, then another guy, she told me to act like her cousin (to not get in a fight, spooky), then I was pissed and went home. She was "sorry" and told me we would do another meeting sometime, I told her to fuck off. And she did, she went to England and we never spoke again.

Until we did. She came back, and she said "hey, wanna go outside?", and she forgot that she owed me something, fucked me around, cheated on my friend and caused him depressions and was a dick. So I dismissed her.

And that guy who had depressions came to me, I helped him, found HIM a girlfriend (totally good at that), and HE payed me back by being a dick and never speaking to me again.
The last time we met, he was too scared to look me in the eye. I was never in a proper fight my entire life, but this guy knew I would send him to the hospital. But I'm a nice guy, so I didn't, I just stared him down.

Last year of school: I rarely went. Missed a lot of hours, was either constantly sick/depressed or I just faked the doctor's signature to get a week free. Even then, I had about 50 hours unattended with no clearance, so I bought that swine of a teacher a wine+chocolate combo, and if she did clear me, cool, if not, I would jump.
Yes, even the teacher was a scumbag, where someone told her a secret, and the next day, everyone knew. What a bitch.

She did clear me though, end of high school, literally grabbed my papers on the last and didn't even say goodbye, slammed the door.

So I was 19, severely depressed, with no friends, a broken family, my father took the initiative and HE became incendiary after my alcoholic mother left (called me a "unthankful prick" "lazy dick" "a useless boy without a character" and even grabbed my neck and said "I'll kill you!!!"), and I hated everyone and everything. I wanted to jump under the first bus. I didn't. Strong man.

I wanted to pick up a job immediately to get some money and move away from everyone from my family. Instead, I got talked down to rest for a while. Then, every job passed me by.

I'm not physically capable of doing most of the work, so it was tough. I worked at an office for 6 months as a... slave, basically, for 125 $ a month.
Then I was home for another 3 months, I took a job in the local grocery store... they fired me after 3 weeks (trained me for PRECISELY one day, put me as the leader of that part of the shop), for "not being quick enough", when I had to do three jobs in there (staff missing, under normal circumstances, 2 people work at 1, so I had to do six times the work).

Then I sold some pyro before the new year's eve, and now I'm here.

My body is broken down, my morale is non-existent, I have no job, no money, no saving, no friends, no family to help me AND I'm severely depressed. And NOW I think it's finally time for me.

No matter how tough you are, there comes a time, when enough is enough. I never cut myself, I never abused alcohol or pills, I never seeked attention. That's all pointless.

I was betrayed by all of my friends, I don't fit in the modern society, everyone hates me and every single time I fell in love, I got destroyed.
I never wanted much in life, I got nothing at all.
I have nothing to live for, I have nobody to live for.

So I'm ending my miserable piece of shit life tomorrow.

I know people will cry at my funeral, and I know people will act like they miss me. Perhaps even those old souls from my life will visit. But deep inside, I know that nobody will, and that makes my job that much easier.

Even if you have only one thing/one person to live for, don't give up. I don't, I'm done.