i am a gigantic loser. and it's gotten so bad that all i want to do is hurt myself.i've always considered suicide, but knew that it was far from me to do.

right now i just want to harm myself. usually i end up bashing my head on things.

i barely have friends, the ones i have fucking suck and i don't really like them.

i have no women. the only girls that are interested in me are fucking crazy bitches, and i hate the everloving fuck out of them. i'm standing short at an embarassing 5'7 while my friends who are over 6 feet get any fucking girl they want. all attempts to fake confidence fail. i'm good looking, but utterly unattractive as a person.

i can be completely convinced that i am great and doing great for months at a time, but nights come like this where i feel fucking worthless. like nothing will ever go my way.

i won't ever be liked. i won't ever get what i want; social acceptance.

i'm a fucking loser. and everyone smells it on me, then promptly never talks to me again. they go out of their way to never be around me. men and women alike. i really hate myself.

edit: reading over this upset me more. i punched myself and hurt both my head and my hand a lot

edit2: i feel like my only way out is through prescription drugs. i don't do drugs of any kind. i don't like drugs. i may honestly be happier dead than fucking chemically braindead.

edit3: this must be depression. exercise doesn't help, though. nothing helps. i used to have a therapist but i fucking hated him. worthless pieces of shit.

edit4: negative feedback loop? depression earns me derision from peers, from women. my social failure causes more depression. more terrible nights where i just feel like sleeping on the train trakssss

edit5: getting wrse

edit6: the e,barasment i feel when i aapear social but everyone sees througj, sees me as a loser. i smile and move on, but die inside. a thousand deaths on every stupid friendless night out.

edit7: and a girl i dont even like. a partridge in a pear tree. the only person i have left to talk to. and all she does it fucking meow and whine and coo pathetically when i call