Silly problem compared to some, but it means so much to me.First world problems incoming. 
  
 
I am a 30F veterinarian who has been out of school for about 5 years. I love my job so much- it's all I've ever wanted to do, and it's the one thing I've worked for and desired above all else. It's a huge part of how I define myself, and really the only thing I like about myself. 
 
 
Unfortunately, I suck at it. I have made mistakes and hurt patients. One patient even died because of a reaction to a drug I prescribed. I'm clumsy and slow in surgery, and I'm generally not a good doctor. I feel an incredible amount of guilt for it- I love my patients, and want so much to help them. When the opposite happens repeatedly, it makes me want to die. The people I work with are amazing, and have saved my ass so many times, but I can't keep asking them to bail me out. If I were learning and growing, that would be one thing. But I'm not. I keep failing my patients, and letting down the owners who trusted me and put their beloved pets in my incompetent hands. 
 
 
So it has to end somewhere. Honestly, I should have quit years ago- it was my own selfishness and hope that I would get better with time that has been keeping me going. I am supposed to be moving with my boyfriend to the west coast this summer, once he is done with grad school. I keep trying to imagine a life with him doing something else, and it just seems so... impossible. 
 
 
Because I don't want to do anything else. I never have. Losing this huge part of myself and having nothing to replace it, makes all the good things in my life look small and meaningless. My boyfriend is supportive, and says he just wants me to be happy in whatever I do, but I feel so guilty about letting him down, and about having nothing to offer him in return when he gives so much to me. 
 
 
I've tried to fix this. I've tried a few therapists. I've even tried antidepressants. None of these things help- because none of them solve the problem. Talking about being bad at my job doesn't make me suddenly better at it. Pills don't suddenly make me a better surgeon. Everything just keeps going around in circles. I guess, at some point, I have to choose to accept that my life will not be what I have always wanted it to be. But I just don't know how to be ok with that. 
 
 
Right now, the most appealing solution to the problem is suicide. I have a gun, as well as of course access to drugs through my job. I don't love the option, and I think it would probably hurt my boyfriend. But I also think he would get over it. He's younger than me, attractive, will be going into a high-paying job... he will find someone else, who can be more of an equal to him. Beyond him, I mostly have acquaintances rather than friends. 
 
 
I don't know what I'm hoping to find with this post. I just wish there was another option. I can't keep being a vet. But I also can't truly let that dream go, and without doing so I don't think I can be happy. If you're not happy... what's the point? What else is there, if you've tried therapy and you've tried medications, and you still think killing yourself is the best option? I know there are people all across the world who have it so much worse off than me, but even with that I just can't make myself see much value in the rest of my life. 
  
  ---   
  **tl;dr: dragging down my boyfriend as I epically fail at my life's dream; best option looks like suicide. 