Boyfriend(m28)blackmails me with suicide if (f23) I leave him and he has already tried and I can't tell him anything either because he has heart disease and could have a heart attack.I met this guy 6 months ago online, a week after we met we started having feelings for each other, since then we haven't stopped talking and we are on video call 24 hours a day even sleeping or if I go to work.

At first I didn't mind spending so much time with him, but it bothered me when I started to tell him that I wanted to be with my sister for a while or I wanted to go out with my friend and he got angry saying that I didn't love him anymore so I prefer to stay away from him for a while. I explained to him several times that just because I wanted to be with my family for a while didn't mean that I didn't love him but he still doesn't understand that and I can't be with anyone else but him without him getting angry and fighting.

I don't like that he wants to know absolutely everything about me either, he has to know what my brothers say to me if they come to talk to me, who texts  me, what notifications I get on my hone, I can't even have private conversations with my family because we are always on call and he wants to be there listening to my conversations, if I tell him that it is private he gets angry and thinks I am hiding something from him when I am not.

He lives 4h from my house, so we only see each other very little but we spend every day together at home on call, and after so many months like this I feel locked in my room, not free to do anything without him, even I miss being alone with my family or going out with my friends, I've got tired of this situation and I don't know what to do without causing him harm.

He is deeply in love with me, for him, i'm  woman of his life and the reason for living, without me nothing would make sense, he wants to spend the rest of his life with me and he wants to marry me and have children... and I honestly don't feel the same as he does and I stopped being in love or atractted to him,we argued a lot, he gets angry at the slightest thing, he is extremely jealous and controlling.

1 month ago i tried to leave him by telling him that i did not feel the same anymore, and he told me that i could leave but if i left next time i would see him at his funeral, because he does not want a life without me and he cut his arm as a suicide attempt, i was very scared and i called the suicide service in his area who sent the police to his house, but he told them that nothing was happening which would be a false alarm, that everything was fine.

And he got more angry for having asked for help because I was very worried and I don't want anything to happen to him,but he insisted that if I wasn't with him sooner or later he would take his life and that I couldn't do anything to help him because I wouldn't realize it until I received the news from his family.

After that event, I told him that I needed some time to think about things, we spent 2 weeks without hardly speaking until one day he called me saying that he was in the hospital because he had been detected with a serious problem in his heart, and I have been supporting him these days because he is not well.

Honestly, the two weeks we haven't talked, I've felt much better without him, and now that we're back, I feel locked and forced in a relationship with someone I don't love anymore and I feel bad because I'm everything to him and he depends on me emotionally for everything,  but I don't want anything with him and I don't know how to tell him without hurting him or killing him with a heart attack or having him commit suicide because he can't stand the break-up because he's obsessed with me.

Please I need advice, this is my first relationship, and I have realized that I don't want to be in any relationship, I am young to marry and have a family and less with someone I don't love, but neither could I live with the guilt that someone has taken his life for me.

TLDR: Boyfriend blackmails me with suicide if I leave him and I don't know what to do because I'm not happy with him and I'm afraid he'll harm himself.