Cant function for years. Girl.I don't know what to say, I'm emotional at the moment. I'm a very big guy, if you saw me you would never assume I would be so sad, I could look at you straight in the eye and be crying inside bc I've had a rough life and I used to be in the military as well. After I got out the military in 2010 I met this girl in college we broke up under horrible circumstances, and It was a misunderstanding in the first place and I was so shy and she was so proper she left me over it and I just can't function anymore. I cry randomly anywhere, when im driving, when im eating. when I lived in my apartments I think the neighbors hear me cry at all types of times for years, I moved into a new place recently and now I think they hear me crying as well... and I've never cried before her, and now I cant stop, I literally cant stop.. I moved to a marijuana friendly state thinking it would help, it does not. I have trying dating, it does not help.

When we met she was so apprehensive because I am very tall and Black and she was from South Africa and he family was extremely racist and she had to sneak out to see me and it was so stressful for her because she had to live with her parents at the time!!! 
Now she has this rich boyfriend and I know now she doesnt love him like she does me, AND SHE KNOWS IT TOO, so she refuses to be in the same room or contact me because she knows it could lead to us getting back together again, but at this point I just need to hear her voice or something for closure, but we got into this argument this last time we spoke and she said if I ever tried to contact her she would...And I havn't done any stalking or anything, It's got me thinking am I crazy so badly! Like was she saying that because she ment it!!? Or was it because she Loved me and she knew she did, or just so she could have an uninterupted relationship?!?!   She thinks I have so many women past and present, she has no idea how i felt about her, she thought i was some smooth talker and i just loved her so much its killing me every day