Almost there and i dont think anything is going to stop meHi all

Im gonna kill myself soon but i dont want to. Im 21 years old and Im supposed to graduate college soon but I would rather just end my life before i get there. 

I dont know how to explain it without getting into specifics but I just cant really live anymore. I feel so empty being around my friends now, i have a good number of them and I think theyre good friends but it feels like when Im around them they dont wanna be around me. Im not really a priority to any of them and every time ive made it clear that im going through something, most of them just do fuckall. And when i reach out, I cant talk to them because it doesnt really feel like theyre listening to me. Or sometimes I talk and i feel like Im putting too much on them. Or sometimes I start talking and they immediately want to change the subject or get me to shut up. Its hard to really explain and I feel like no matter which way I try to explain it, its gonna come across wrong. Idk

Im graduating soon and in my field there is an expectation to move out somewhere soon if not immediately, because to do so otherwise would cause you to fall behind in a field full to the brim with ageism and nepotism. Im pretty good at what I do but it sometimes feels like my worth is entirely tied to that. Not that I view my own worth that way, but other people only really seem to care about me when Im putting out good work at a consistent rate. Otherwise it seems like they dont want anything to do with me. 

And then im just really lonely in general, I dont really have a family because my dad is an immature, short-tempered alcoholic. I cant talk to him about anything without him escalating it into yelling (for literally no reason). My mom is a neurotic unhinged narcissist who spent my entire childhood exploding over the smallest things and screaming at me until I was a blubbering sobbing mess. Im not exaggerating. She does this to my younger sisters who live at home even today. 

I dont have a girlfriend but honestly it doesnt feel like that should matter to me. It does matter to me a lot and i really wish i had someone to love (especially because the vast majority of my friends are in committed, long term relationships) but the only relationship I've ever had was with a girl who dumped me after 2 months. This was earlier this year and it triggered a months long depressive episode that all my friends basically ignored me during. I really really struggled with dating before that and I have always been afraid that I would be abandoned very quickly in my first relationship and thats what happened. I thought i'd done everything right and was being a good boyfriend but i guess not. It doesnt feel worth it to try anymore. Ive tried dating again since then but every time i think something might go somewhere i immediately start crying and throwing up and i think about killing myself again. I dont think i should be in a relationship and i would probably have been happier if i had given up for real after that breakup.

I cant go to therapy or get help because i cant afford it on my own and I cant get help from my family. I dont have a car and honestly i just dont really like being alive anymore. Ive been sad all the time (minus the 2 months i was with that girl) for probably 2 straight years now and its just too much. Even if things get better, theyre gonna get worse again and I dont ever want to live through something like this again. Maybe im just being dramatic or weak, but i guess if i cant survive real life like this at 21 i probably shouldnt be trying to live it much longer honestly. 

Theres a gun store just a 15 minute walk up the street from where I live. I live in a state with few gun laws and it would only take an hour to go in and out. Theres a park relatively close by where I can call the police first so my roommate doesnt have to find me. I know how much pain its gonna cause to the people around me and I wish i knew how to save them from that pain. But i figure that eventually they will recover from it, they have to because they're not gonna have a choice. I'm making this choice for me and no one else. I guess that sounds harsh but I dont owe anyone my life