Self-sabotage is my specialty. I am tired of it...I want out!I am a high school drop out. I fucking hate telling people that. It wasn't because I was no good, circumstances just sucked
 I had to drop out after my family was evicted in my last semester of HS. Since then I vowed to not live up to the stereotype of the loser HS dropout. 

Depression and anxiety had other plans.

I have been going to college off-and-on for 9 years. I am finally at a place where I could graduate. I applied and expected things to go as planned. In short: they're not going well.

The last 4 months I have been building up my graduation and transfer. I was proud as fuck to finally wear that cap &amp; gown. It killed me that my family was "meh" about the whole thing because this was a huge milestone IMO. They don't give a fuck that am/will be(?) the first person to graduate in our family. 

Just a few minutes ago I just learned I earned a 68% in a class. It's not a graduation requirement...but it is a transfer requirement. Because I didn't earn a C or better my transfer offer will be rescinded. 

I am so tired of my depression telling me I'm not worth it. I'm tired of my depression being a traitor and setting up roadblocks on my path to success.  I fucking hate that my depression makes me want to sleep for five days straight instead of studying.

I was so in my head about the course that half-way through I went from a solid A to a shit grade. Had I earned 8 more lousy points on the final I would have passed. EIGHT FUCKING POINTS. 

9 years of work down the drain. And for what? Just to fail at something else in my life? 

I've been homeless twice since HS. I lost my financial aid because I've been at the community college level too long. Was raped. And still managed to pull off an overall GPA of 3.6/4.0. How is it I can overcome all that and allow myself to stupidly fail a class this late in the game?!

Why did I shoot myself in the foot?! WHY NOW?! When things finally started to feel better. When it looked like I'd finally be able to gain some stability. Move cities. Start over. 

I fucking hate myself for ruining my chances of transferring. I hate that I am 27 and will only have AAs when my friends have BAs and Masters. 

I don't even want to walk in the ceremony. I just want to fall asleep forever. I feel like life has been trying to send me the message that I will forever be a loser and I should give up, but I've been too stubborn to realize it. 

I feel like a fraud! I've let down my friends. I am going to look like a liar. I'm mortified of the idea of people asking me why I didn't transfer. I'm so ashamed that I have to repeat the course. I'd rather die. I'm tired of living this cycle. I want off this fail boat. I want out!!!! 

To top it all off I'm such an idiot that I can't even spell the fucking words for my throwaway right. Jesus fucking Christ I am a mess.

TL;DR: I shot myself in the foot and lost my transfer offer to a University due to my self-sabotaging tendencies.