I just need to vent. Thank you.My father and mother would always fighting physically. My mother would take me out of school many times my whole school career to run away and i would miss days of school. Days later my mother and me would be back home kissing my father's feet. I see her get kicked by my father and I used to care but I cant wait for her to die. She takes her anger out on me for being a trans fag. I can't have friend because according to all my family members friends don't exist. It's cool tho because I don't have anyone anyways. I want to learn coding or anything for educational purposes but I can't go because according to my family I do drugs with all the friends I totally have. I'm failing all my classes and can't consentrate. I want to be an astrophysist or my life long dream that is not compatible with reality , an astronaut but I can't even pass science and math. My family does not apporve. All I can do is draw and not feel pain when the blade hits me. I'm useless. Mother is taking me away taking me to another state once again. I don't want to go back home if I leave. I want to kill myself but the same time I know that I should just work with what I have until I can leave but I would still have to take care of my diabetic family. Since I am a woman my word does not count in this household. I can only be draged. Im only someone people talk to and ignore and hit then tell sorry to afterwards. If i speak up i get threatened to be told no my father that part of the lgbt group. I teacher told me she would be here for me but I know I'll never talk to her because I can't. My mother sent me a counsler just to shame me for cutting myself. The cousler told me that I could tell her anything but if it's illegal the police ay get involved. I had to half lie and tell her that I punish myself and not the that  I get mild ptsd when I hear the chime of keys and a gate because that's the sound father made when he comes home. I want to killmyself because I'm on the road to failure anyways. No way anyone would want a loser friend. I can't relate to others. Others have depression yeah but who in heck would want to talk about that. Instead everyone talk about tv ,anime , sports , movies , music or games. I don't do any of those. I only plan things all day on my free time. I wake up with a feeling of dread hearing my mother smooching my father's face in the wee morning. I want to die kill me . If i were to die i would just smile. However , I know that since I want to die I know that I should just do whatever I want since nothing matter but still I can't get myself to just be myself. Im scared I just want to grow up and work and be independant. The universe are my only friends. They will always be there shining for me when all is dark. I can't kill myself because if I do I'll never see them again. I just want to die? or live?