In thinking about ending my useless and wasteful life.I'm 14 (will be 15 in 20 days), 6'2, pretty attractive according to some girls at my old school, have a really deep voice, Caucasian, and have brown hair. (Getting to know me) and I'm just not happy with my life.

I live with just my dad. My mom is dead, and my brother and sister live with my grandma. I live in the average household. No fighting ever, me and my dad get along well. But, I feel like I'm a waste of life. I was always bullied in school, and I never did anything but get into fights to stop it. I have the slightest lisp ever, you can only tell if you listen out for the lisp, which it doesn't even happen Everytime. People at my old school exaggerated it so much, and it got to me, it really did. I had no friends, nobody to talk to, my Councilor said I was only looking for attention or empathy when I told him I feel this way, I felt unwanted. I became homeschooled. I get books monthly with about 100 pages in each book (4 books normally). I'll just work all day and finish them all, then the rest of the 29 days, I just watch anime and play World of Warcraft all day. I just can't do anything with my life. I was an honor roll student ever since 6th, and was even able to skip 9th this year and go to 10th. So I'm more sophisticated than the average kid my age, and I did have a bright future before I started getting into fights with kids that would bully me. I was kicked out of honor classes, and my dad went shit on me. He called me the most retarded thing he's ever seen, called me a waste of time and money, and called me a useless bitch for ruining my future just because of a few kids talking shit. That's where this really got bad. I tried to hang myself, but when I dropped myself into the noose and started choking, I wasn't sure what I wanted. I was scared. I fell from the noose, and was alright besides a red mark on my neck. I wanted to die, but why didn't I just stay in the rope. I have absolutely no idea. I can't go to anyone for help, because now the internet craze is that 14 year olds fake depression and being suicidal for attention, so I'm never taken seriously. Ive made a few songs about this, which is how my 8th grade teacher found out, and she did listen. She listened to what I had to say, and talked to me. I love her with all my life, she really did save me. But here I am, questioning my existence again, my ruined future. My pointless life. I have nobody who cares about me tbh. Which, I'm fine with. I don't need anybody if they're just doing it because we're related, or they feel sorry for me.

Sorry for this rant. And there may be alot of spelling errors, I'm shaking pretty badly atm, so sorry for that.