Please help, I need advice.I don't know what to do.  I keep having unwanted thoughts and mental images of killing myself - hanging, C02, shoving knives into myself until I physically can't do it anymore, drinking bleach, and taking hydrocodone left from a surgery are the most common ones.

So, long story short, I moved cities half a year ago, straight out of college, after growing up in an extremely physically, mentally, and sexually abusive environment.  It started out wonderful, amazing job, good friends, everything I could have ever wanted.  I struggle with an eating disorder, and that pushed away one of my closest friends and her roommates, after she was convinced I wasn't doing enough to help myself.  I'd answered her direct question, sharing a victory (I'd managed to drink chocolate milk!) and promising I'd find actual solid food when I got back to my own house.  She physically attacked me.  My roommate believes the same thing as her, after defending me to her.  Because I'd been struggling with so much, I tried to keep it from him; he was my best friend and I didn't want him to have to worry.  He noticed I wasn't doing well, and thought it was because I was jealous of his new and flourishing relationship.  He hasn't been at our house in 2 months, except for maybe 3 nights.

I have an active stalker, family issues still burning, just been diagnosed with celiacs, suffer from seizures (which get worse from emotional stress, go fucking figure) and working through a few police reports because of targeted vandalism and harassment.  I needed a roommate.  Hell, I'd have settled for a fucking warm body at this point, my physical safety depends on it.  He knew that.  And I pushed him away, it was my fault.  I should have lied to my other friend, I shouldn't have hidden my problems from my roommate, not like he cares anymore anyways.  It doesn't matter anymore, all I'm doing by being here is hurting people.  The medication I was on for my seizures only made me aggressive and suicidal, and quitting the meds made that worse in the short time, but I worked through that.  I'd rather have seizures and lose sleep and have intense nerve pain than push more people away but I've already done that, I've already alienated all the friends I've actually ever cared about.

I've called the hotlines, I've made attempts before in the past, and if I commit myself to a hospital I'll lose my job, which means I'll lose my insurance and be drowning in medical debt.  I can't afford a hospital anymore anyways, not with all my other health issues.  I have nobody I can trust in the city I'm in, I just want to disappear and the only way I can see to do that is to kill myself.  I don't want to die. I need to die, but I really don't want to and I'm afraid I'm going to be impulsive and do it anyways.  I'm really really scared, I have nobody here for me.  I don't have a family to go back to, my friends are gone, and I don't have a roommate anymore.  What should I do?  What can I do?  Why should I keep fighting anyways if I'm the only one I'm fighting for?  Why is it so fucking lonely?  I never cared about having people around me before, why am I so fucking weak?  Please help, I don't know what to do and the government options for helping someone with these kinds of things are a bandaid over a missing limb, at best.  Please, please tell me what I can do, I need ideas