It's still really hard and I don't know how much longer I can do thisA few years ago I was friends with someone who eventually ended up leaving me because a girl offered him nudes if he told me I was depressing, "too depressing to be around" and if he removed me. This was at one of the lowest points of my life. I was young, stupid, and I made a lot of mistakes. I was around 13 at the time it happened. I was stupid and I wore a unzipped hoodie with a short training bra looking shirt under it when I was showing some of my friends my face. Stupid right? I thought it'd be fine since I was naive. They ended up taking pictures, and I got blackmailed. First, the girl who was blackmailing asked me for money. I didn't have it. She knew fully that I was 13, I even told her. Then she told me to leave the forum I met her on, not sure why. Anyways, she ended up passing the pictures around to people. I felt awful, I broke down crying and told my parents and family about it but I reported one of the people who had possession of the pictures, not the person who blackmailed me.

They just said I "gave the pictures" to them. The police believed it, my parents believed it, everyone did. My father now says it's my fault because I sent pictures to some strange man on the internet. I didn't. I felt dirty, I was so scared of what would happen, I was scared of people showing up at my house or making fun of me. They did. I had a boyfriend too but he ended up just telling other people about the pictures I sent him that were private and not even sexual. The girl who blackmailed me pretended it didn't happen, asked me why I wouldn't speak to her and made me play games with her, do sexual RP's with her and she'd give me games for it. Fucked up, right? I had no friends. I couldn't tell anyone. I have NEVER told anyone except for 2 people about the story that's actually happened, and even then it hasn't been in this length. The things most people did at my age to have fun I couldn't enjoy. This sucked the life out of me.

At the time, I was living with my aunt since my parents were divorced. My aunt was newly married and her husband was verbally abusive to me with my homeschooling. I was yelled at, I cried, everything I did that was done "wrongly" I was punished for. My aunt was upset at me because I didn't like getting yelled at every day, and she wouldn't let my brother teach me either. It was always my fault I was yelled at and given creepy, pedo looks.

Later on my brother gets a house, not too much goes on except for my aunt yelling at me and school issues. I was in some relationships which damaged me even more, I got cheated on while I was visiting my grandparents and apparently it was my fault too. I was stupid, I missed the guy who cheated on me and didn't get over him for 2 years. Then I didn't even care about him. It feels weird, I can't speak to him now. Anyways, I got in a new relationship after a few unlucky ones about 2 years ago and I was with this guy for a year. It was hard, and difficult at times, he was stressed out by college and never really wanted to talk about it and would end up frustrated or snapping sometimes. We had really bad communication issues because neither of us said the problems that were on our mind. I ended up talking to that guy who left me for nudes 5 years ago. At the time, I didn't actually know he left me for nude pictures of a girl. He just said it was because I was depressing and too depressing for him to be around. I only found out later when I asked him. Anyways, he was a lot like me and I had a lot of fun talking to him, being around him, etc.

So I left my boyfriend for him. He said he'd take care of me, I was really REALLY on the fence about it because I loved my boyfriend, we were together for a year but I wanted to move on for my happiness. I wanted to try and fix the issues with my boyfriend but I ended up getting kinda pushed to the other side. At first it was really nice, I was infatuated with him, we played a lot, I got the attention I wanted but he ended up being jealous and clingy. Once he got really upset or atleast it seemed like it when I didn't reply for 30 minutes, even though I was streaming for him. There were other times he was scary, I was sick and blacked out before and he wanted to do sexual stuff even though I had just blacked out. He said if it was him he'd "just do it".  I just ignored it and tried to make things work in my own way.

I ended up still loving my (then ex) boyfriend. We kinda ended up flirting and I talked to him about what happened in my relationship. I just ended up loving him all over again because I realized what I lost, he realized what happened and how we both made awful mistakes. I end up breaking up with the guy I was with for months for my old boyfriend but I didn't tell him that. I tried to keep it peaceful. But eventually it came out, the problems I had in the relationship and he didn't really react well to it. Saying that if I didn't date him again when I felt "better" (I said I really didn't feel like being in a relationship and every inch of my body was telling me not to) then I didn't really love him like he loved me, or that I didn't appreciate him like he appreciated me. He said if love was an emotion that can just fade out he didn't want to live anymore.  I ended up blocking him a few days later. I know it really really seems terrible that I did that, but I had good reason because he was pretty awful to be around honestly. There were a lot of things he had done and he was just making it worse for the both of us, plus I'm pretty sure we couldn't be friends so I just wanted to end it peacefully.

I'm with my boyfriend that I was with for a year again and he's wonderful. We're both honest with how we feel, he's doing his best to make me happy and he's really great. But, I miss the guy I talked to even though he was a dick, kind of abusive, and really terrible to me. I ended up messaging him on reddit, we kinda talk, and he still stalks my social media. I don't know what to do - I want to never ever miss him or talk to him again because he's left a very negative impact on my life. He's truly scary. I made an offmychest post about him a few days ago and he messaged me talking about my tendency to assume the worst about him, and how he's at peace and doesn't mind talking and being friends again. But I really don't want to be around him. I miss him, sure, but he's scary and if I talk to him I'll be so stressed I'll throw up again. He made a joke about how he wishes I'd stop putting him down in my offmychest posts and then he said "that was just a joke, but please don't" kind of thing.

I don't have any friends, most people I meet I can't connect with or they're scary- unkind and gossiping kind of people. I feel so depressed because I can't make most people understand me. My family is overwhelmingly unsupportive and they'll flip out if I turn to them for help. I can't get a job, I can't move on with my life, I'm agoraphobic and I can't read or write very well most of the time. I feel awful whenever I talk about my problems because I just feel like an attentionwhore or someone who's just playing the victim card. I'm so depressed. I've been contemplating getting rid of things like my blizzard, steam account, etc because I don't think I'll need them. At the same time I can't leave my boyfriend and brother alone because it'll hurt them if I kill myself. I'm constantly fucked up and in a bad position. I just want to be happy again, or at least in a peace of mind. My parents did a terrible job of parenting and left me and my brother alone when we were kids. I'm scared to turn to them. I'm scared to turn to anyone.

I can't get counseling- my brother doesn't have a car and we don't have much source of income. I feel so alone in this big world. No one understands me. No one wants to understand me. The one person that really did fit what I thought I wanted, ended up being terribly scary and kind of abusive towards me. I just want a way out of this hell. I want to stop feeling so alone and so cold. I try to fit in and fail, terribly. I try to make friends but I end up feeling so isolated and alone. My boyfriend's really great, but we can't meet because he's in Texas and I'm in a different state. I don't know how much longer I can do this. I don't know if I can continue living, my heart aches every day and it has for years. I feel so alone. I can never open up to people, I can't open up to the people who're supposed to be my family and I've never opened up this much to anyone. I want to stop missing a person who makes my life stressful and terrible. I just want to move on and try to be happy, but it's so hard.