I can’t stop feeling like I’m drowning25f México ||

I have always experienced depression and generalized social anxiety. For many years I’ve tried to overcome it but I’ve failed. My parents love me, but they have also hurt me in so many ways. In some ways they have been harmful to me.

This year I planned to finally move away and start new, detaching myself from my past, but COVID changed it all. I stayed at my parents house and little by little my savings ran out.

Every time I had plans to change and overcome this state of sadness, but everything failed. Some weeks my energy levels were so low I could barely leave bed. I always started new plans, always failed them at the end. The thing is that I achieve so much, but never finish the goal itself.

My parents tried to be supportive, but I am aware that loving someone like me is unbearable. My emotions change constantly and I’m too sensitive to the world. Everything affects me, how people feel/their mood, the bad news are worse for me &amp; I’m always scared of upsetting them.

I started seeing a new psychiatrist and he gave me antidepressants. However, I started to have panic attacks and anxiety attacks + cry spells daily. He immediately told me to stop the treatment and started to treat me for bipolar disorder. Which did worked and I felt so happy, but with Christmas coming, my birthday and New Years I started to have more crying spells.

The thing is, after every panic/anxiety attack or crying spell my will to live was nonexistent. I have been wanting to die for about 3 weeks. I have tried to fight this off but my mother and I have had bad exchanges lately.

She told me that she is exhausted of having to reassure me constantly that she loves me, she is tired of me needing her hugs or wanting to watch shows with her constantly. I started painting as a hobby and I started buying cute things from miniso to get an aesthetic that I enjoy for me, besides saving to buy music (I have never bought me things before), but she considers it to be immature and told me to stop.

And I don’t know, I just feel so much but I don’t feel anything at all. I have been giving away and selling my things for a couple of days now and I can’t stop. I have been cleaning the house for hours nonstop to just keep it perfect and to remove every single part of me. 

Being mentally ill has always put a wall between my family and me. I have never been the daughter or the sister they want/need and it breaks my heart. I wish I was normal and that I could be what they want/need. My sister has told me how she has never felt she has an older sister, because I can’t act like one. 

I don’t feel like I have a purpose in my life at all. And I’m tired of always starting something and never ending it.