I'm finally Happy.It's been wild lately.   
My Mother abandoned me with a mortgage and only talks to me unless I give her money.   
My father abuses me.   
My aunt that im currently living with has been grooming me to marry her gay cousin (Thank god Trump banned Green Cards for my people) She's threatening to kick me out now that she finally realizes i'm not gay and will not marry him  
My best friend killed himself in a car accident cause I told him to go drive into a tree for stealing money from me.   
My cousin overdosed on drugs because his mom didn't love him enough and he blamed me for his addiction  
My friends are all drug addicts who only talk to me when they want drugs.  
Lost my car in a car accident   
Got my license taken away   
Got Rejected to Enlist in the army because I didn't have my diploma (Couldnt finish school due to my abusive father making me work in a Restaurant)   
Lost my Job because of my car accident.   
The worst part.   
My cousin who enlisted the one who made me want to Join the Army decided to take her own life on Christmas Eve.   


It scares me I lost my job, I lost my car, I'm losing the roof over my head, and these suicidal tendacies never went away since my cousin overdosed.   
and now my Role Model committed suicide because of the same bullshit demons known as "Family Drama"   


Like i'm happy for once, I finally cried tears of remorse pain and joy because this whole week for once finally.   
My family stopped harassing me, they stopped calling for me to take care of my uncle and father, no longer was I being abused and yelled at for not being a good enough "man"   


It just hurts, I was planning on joining the army to get away from my Family so that I could die and be someone whom everyone could be proud of because my fellow co workers and peers always tell me how great of a person I am.   


I went to talk to my mother recently and all I heard from her Boyfriend was how much he wanted me to move in but he was so fucking rude bringing up how I use to smoke inside the house even though I quit smoking.   


Everyone in my family keeps bringing up my past on how such a terrible fucking son I was, and all the good people In my life my co workers always telling me how amazing kind and nice I was I couldn't even fucking keep because My father always kept making me miss work to help him with his life.   


It's just all this self sacrifice helping people who don't even fucking care about my well being only the money I can make to pay the bills so they can lavish in expensive cars and T.Vs while im starving and hiding in my room crying to myself all the time.  


Now my Role model the girl who enlisted, took her own life and It made me realize, that even if I did escape from them, the thought of knowing I was used played, and tricked just to help my roommates mom save 130grand cause I was paying the bills for the last 5 years working at all these factories.  I just want to kill myself to make them realize I was the greatest fucking thing that ever happened to these people.   


These thoughts never go away. No matter how hard you try to escape, eventually it's the Holidays this time of Year when even the strongest ones the people you look up to would even take there own life.   


Honestly I was happy, I was happy knowing that This week I'll stay alive a little while longer just to make sure my Hero passes on properly but next week new years when Im being evicted, i'm gonna just end it all because why the fuck did I have to go through this for knowing i'm just a kid. I'm just a fucking kid. so Why the fuck does everyone expect me to be an adult and take care of them and pay for them.   


Its just not fair it's not right but I've never been so relieved and happier in my life.   


Thank you to everyone reading this. These emotions I have right now of pure Bliss are for my Hero.   
But I guess even Angel's earn there Halo "She was trying to be Unforgettable, Me personally I just want to be Forgotten"