I'm uselessIm an idiot. I have no redeeming qualities, I cant socialize with people, and I try to make myself feel useful by making up traits about myself and wearing a mask when Im with people in public. I try to come off as funny or interesting, but Im a boring piece of shit with no interests or passions that I could ever live up to or dedicate myself to long enough to even come close to getting better at them. Im not smart, Im not attractive, Im not sociable, Im not athletic, Im nothing. I just try to make jokes and create interesting stories, but even those suck. I used to be smart, or atleast feel like it. I cant construct normal thoughts, and my vocabulary is limited. Im not talented like any of the kids I see at school. I have no specialty, no hobbies. Im just a mess who tries to catch up but never will. Im an edgy idiot with a small brain, and Ik its true. I spend hours studying things people grasp in minutes, then get distracted for a few hours more.. I think I have potential somewhere, but I dont actually. Not even an adhd pill helped me focus because Im so fucking stupid. I cant form normal thoughts, Im always sidetracked. I think that maybe I have some potential, or Im a smart person, just that I cant express it or I cant focus and tap into that intelligence. But that will never happen, because nothing has helped me do so. I cant be a fucking artist or a writer because even my handwritings too shit to express thoughts on paper, let alone draw. Im going to be zoning out and thinking of philosophies and concepts of life for the rest of mine, but I'll never be able to hold a normal conversation with anyone for too long because I dont know how to express myself or how to utilize my thoughts or thinking abilities. I try and make myself feel better by acting like I have an idea of whats going on and I have some redeeming qualities, or that Im someone whos different in a good way, instead of a fucking ball of anxiety, distraction, insecurity, and endless self-construed facades aimed at myself and others alike. I think I have a mental disorder, or that theres something wrong with me. Theres nothing wrong with me, theres no excuse for my stupidity, my laziness, and inability to grasp simple concepts. I act like I like the people around me, like I understand them and like they understand me. Everytime someone finally gets close to me, my relationship with them is bound to end in a shitty way because I cant help but act out because Im too irresponsable to keep a long term relationship. I think Im something different, or someone who matters. Im slow as hell and cant construct simple thoughts and do simple things, or pick up on social cues and not be a rude fuck. I think that maybe, Im a nice person, or maybe Ill finally find whatever Im good at or finally settle down with someone who likes me or finally meet someone who seems like me. But I cant express anything. Im just a stupid piece of shit who wishes he had some value or some importance. I piss off anyone I get too close to, or I burden the people Im close to because Im an over flowing shit hole of problems that needs to dump itself on other people to feel fine. I try to think that others like me, or can actually manage to enjoy my obnoxious company. I think that I have a future in writing films or making music, but Im never going to live up to any of the expectations I set for myself. Im just going to keep failing, over and over again. Or I could settle for less, and live my entire life wishing to be living on the greener grass. And after I write this memo, Im gonna go back to that life of bullshit where I act like Im not a complete retard, or like I can think and function normally and talk to people normally. I think I might stop snapping out in anger, or Im not an edgy fuck. I think I might even be nice, but in reality Im just a selfish prick who only cares for himself and cant try to grasp the concept that the world doesnt revolve around him. I think that Im the main character in my movie, but in reality Ill probably just stay a cameo or the villain everyone wants to see die. I do stupid things and I think loathful thoughts when I get angry out of the blue, and afterwards the only things I can do are wonder what the fuck is wrong with me and that I wish someone understood me, and knew that I hadnt snapped out because Im an evil person, just that I snapped out because Im a fucking idiot who has no self control or will power. Then Ill go back to my normal life. Im gonna keep saying "Im fine" everyday. And I will be fine. Because Im only introspective enough to see how useless I am once every few days. Ill cry my heart out, ask for support, then wipe my tears and put my mask back on. Then Ill repeat the cycle, and eventually whoever I cry to will get sick of me, and eventually Ill run out of people to cry to. Im a fucking trap of negativity that draws everyone around me into it, and theres nothing more to it. And I have so many god damn masks that fit so well on me. I can be any personality or mood I want to be, and I can do it so perfectly that I feel that mood. I emulate acts in my brain, programs where I say to myself to start acting one way or another to acclimate to my setting and my surroundings. and I feel happy for a bit, but Ik that the happiness is just an illusion and a facade, because when that happiness leaves, the anxiety, depression, and my racing mind all come back. And thats the only thing Im good at--faking myself out. And at that point, I dont even know who or what my real self is. I just have a bunch of personalities. I think that my real self would be the ambitious one, that thinks he can go to a good college and be a smart, balanced, healthy kid. That somewhere along the timeline or template of actions Im in, something will change and Ill finally be able to relate to and socialize on the same level with more than just two people. That maybe Ill stop being able to analyze every detail around me and stop knowing what details and things are inevitable, and Ill stop running processes in my head like a fucking computer to talk to people or guess their thoughts and feelings. That maybe, Ill finally be able to stop the racing thoughts and channel my intelligence onto something more current. Ill finally be able to be good enough for the good people around me who watch out for me and care for me regardless of the dead weight I am. Ill finally amount to more than just an undiagnosed piece of shit that was the result of a condom rupture. And I wont be that kid whos a weird as fuck nutcase.