My x-post from r/neuro.So in order to understand what I mean, I'll have to provide you guys with a backstory of my life.

So as a child, I experienced alot of suffering. I witnessed my step-father kill my half-sister (he smashed her to a wall, I always think of this scene, it haunts me wherever I go). I was also raped multiple times, and also physically assaulted. Basically I experienced so much in my life, that by now, I should have been dead, in prison, homeless, or any fucked up life (you get the point).

But the thing that prevented me from turning into a crazy person is that I'm very shy. I'm so thankful for this feature, because it truly helped me. Now, I do realize that I can be crazy without acting crazy; and that's what Im scared of.

Anyways, enough of my mental health. Now the reason I made this post because I'm pretty sure I have some type of tumor slowly building up in my brain. The reason I know this, is because of math class. No matter how many times the teacher tries to explain math to me, I just don't get it. I know this has nothing to do with me or the teacher. I know there's a tumor blocking info into getting to my brain.

You may say well how are you so sure? Well, I remember when I was a kid, I used to be better at math than I'm right now. Which doesn't make sense. I obivously didn't become dumber. My brain just grew a tumor, which I'm afraid will ruin my life.

My analogy is that when I was younger, age 8-14, (I'm 18 now), I didn't care about my past. I was just a happy kid who was not the best in school, or life in general, but a kid who could atleast understand things and solve problems (which I can't do now). I also experience these following side effects:

- After standing up from laying down for a long period of time, I feel light-headed, sometimes I almost fell down.

- Sometimes i get confused for no reason. Like If im thinking of something, my brain suddenly shuts down. It feels so weird, it's like I can't control my mind even I try my hardest.

- I have a very short memory (I know this part of my brain is fucked). like If I learn something in class, 10 seconds later i'll forget it.

I plan on quitting high school, because I thstupidityink it's a waste of taxpayer's money, It's a waste of the teacher's time, and my time, and quite frankly, society's time. Because I know with the state of my mind, a 6 years old can be smarter than me. But I see it as a disability, rather than stupidity - If that makes sense.
Hopefully some of you can figure out my problem, or atleast try to understand my story. Please don't tell me to visit a doctor - I'm not asking for an advice, I'm just getting this offmychest to not become crazier.

Oh and btw, English is not my first language, so I'm sorry if it's hard for you to read.