Fiance left me, it was completely my fault. I can't stop blaming myself and the "dark thoughts" are backCurrent issue/state of mind: 
After all this, I blame myself, and keep having those kind of... "I deserve to die" thoughts.  I know it's only my illness speaking, or at least I hope it is, because it's not the first time I've had those thoughts, and I have attempted things in the past and gone to psychwards twice, quite a few years back though.  I am on medication, and on medication that works, it's just this... this knocked me harder than I thought it would.  I want to be strong.  I have therapy next wednesday.  But I'm scared.  I just want to be happy, I want to forgive myself.  I know if I was stable, I wouldn't actually want to die or think I deserve to, but after all I have been through, 23 different relationships, 4 engagements now... at the age of 28 I feel... like it has to be me at this point, even if 99% of my exes, minus the most recent one, were abusive and unhealthy for me.

crosspost from my offmychest post describing what happened:
I don't know what to do. I feel lost and hopeless. The only explanation I got was that she just recently wasn't happy any more. I tried to get a bit more of an explanation and that only angered her. We were doing fine literally 24 hours ago; she told me she loved me, I even asked her if there was anything at all bothering her and if she was happy, and she said there was absolutely nothing wrong and that she was happy. We were just going to start saving up for a place to live with each other this year. She was my everything, and honestly the first healthy relationship I had. I've had so many people in the past abuse me, and she is the first woman to ever love me the way someone should be loved, to give me the love I gave her equally. We agreed on almost everything that was important, and we were friends for years. I don't know what to do or how to handle things, and I only recently ( a few months ago ) been put on a medication that helps my depression well, and this has just made me plummet back to the dark places. She didn't want anything back, and wanted to give me back everything I got her, even the ring, but she still says she wants to be friends when she's ready.

I just wish I understood or knew where I went wrong, when she started being unhappy, if I had realized it I would have done everything to fix it or work on it, or at least talk it out so things could end mutually, and she knows that about me. We had an incredibly honest relationship, no secrets whatsoever; we both agreed we'd always tell each other when anything was wrong, as soon as it was.

Now I'm just back to the beginning, trying to pick up the pieces and figure out what to do with my life, but I don't even know where to begin, I don't even know if I can trust anyone anymore, or let anyone into my life again like that, or even in general.

When she came over today to drop everything off, the ring, the jewlery I bought her, she still woudln't tell me the truth until I confronted her directly... She claimed she didn't want to hurt my feelings any more than she already did, and that I was right in thinking that on her end it was something that not only had she told me already (that me getting a job was incredibly important) but she felt like it wasn't something she should have to tell me in the first place. She also told me that part of it was because of how often and badly I reacted to my mother abusing me, and how I told her in detail what happened every time it happened. She did say she wants to be friends again someday again, but go no contact whatsoever until then. I tried to ask her to at least keep the ring for memories sake, she refused that, but she did at least take back her favorite stuffed animal I bought her very early on in the relationship, but everything else she gave back. She recently unfriended me on facebook, unfollowed me on instagram and twitter, and everywhere else. It feels so surreal, and I blame myself completely. Which isn't good, because it's making my thoughts go to the very bad places, but I'm going to do my best to not let those thoughts win, and spend time with people so I'm not alone. I also have a few jobs already lined up for interviews the next week, and a class in IT that I applied for. I told her all of that, and it didn't change her thought or mind at all... I just hope one day her and I can be friends again.
(END OF CROSSPOST)
