I really shouldn't want to die, but I can't help that I do (18/M)I'm so nervous about even typing this out, because in many ways I feel I don't belong posting here, but I don't know where else to reach out. 
I'll start off by saying that my life couldn't be better. I don't have many friends, but the few I have are very deep. I grew up in a loving home, and I am very close to both my parents and younger sister. I have plenty of hobbies like fishing, photography, and rock climbing. College is starting in a little over a month, but I'm excited to study psychology. I have slight social anxiety, but nothing too crippling. 
Yet every moment of downtime the only thing I can think about is putting a bullet through my head.
 I'm so scared, because everything could be going right in a day, but the moment I'm alone with my thoughts, a wave of dread and panic comes over me and the only thing I can think of is how I can get my hands on a firearm. It's terrifying. When I get back to an activity or keep busy in any way, I feel on top of the world, but now I know I have to keep moving to avoid seriously dark thoughts. I just want the freedom to relax on a chair without thinking about ways to make people hate me so they won't miss me when I'm dead. I know I shouldn't be feeling this way, because nothing incredibly traumatic has happened in my life and I'm in a loving environment. I just want these terrible thoughts to stop. I've been going to therapy for about 4 months now (I started because of anxiety). I haven't told her about my thoughts, because I'm so afraid to go back to the hospital again. I've told my school psychologist about my suicidal thoughts many months ago and had to spend the night at the hospital. The experience was so terrifying for both me and my mother, and I feel uncomfortable going back. I'm also very hesitant to take medication, because I'm afraid I might lose my personality if I'm medicated too much. I can't tell anyone either, because i would be sent right to the hospital or told that I "shouldn't be suicidal because my life is so perfect". Sorry if my thoughts seem all over the place. I hope someone can give me some guidance as to where to go from here.