Seriously Contemplating Suicide. Sophomore in High SchoolI truly am depressed to a point of no return. I am a sophomore in HS at a 2,000 kid school. I would not consider myself popular, but an okay amount of people at least know my name. I only have a small group of friends that are somewhat close, and there are less than 5 I could actually trust or actually think care about me. I have not had a relationship of any kind with a girl since 7th grade, which was before I moved to where I live now. I literally only talk to girls for school related reasons and struggle to make relationships with them. Any time I get on social media or even in person and start to talk to a girl who I think might like me even just as an acquaintance, they always end up just ignoring me or not talking to me genuinely. It is pushing me over the edge. I am very smart in my own opinion, in fact I have a 4.0 in high school so far. I am on the varsity golf team and excel at the sport, I want to play in college, but I am just to demotivated by my social life at this point. I do not consider myself attractive by any means, but it is not like I am the ugliest kid in the school. I am also very involved in business at my age, and have made $25,000 in the stock market this year. None of this bs matters though because all I want is a good social life with cool people who genuinely like me and to be popular. I want to be the guys who the girls are crawling over, not the guy who they shun. I have things in my life going for me, but all I want I cant have, I want to die. I would literally do anything for loving people in my life who care about me. Anything to be in the popular clique that everyone who's in it goes to parties every weekend, is invited to everything, and everyone envies. Above all I just need a girlfriend. Even all of my "friends" talk to girls much more than I do. I can't do this anymore without someone special in my life. I know I have positives in my life but I just can't take it. And I have no clue how to fix my life!