no reason to live, no sense in dyingi've felt miserable for a while now. i'm not even sure how many years anymore. i have the universal reason not to kill myself: i don't want to put my family through that. okay. but honestly i cant even pretend to have a reason to live anymore

i try to find reasons, i ask people about their passions and look up lists of reasons to live. the people around me are so boring. it's the same thing every time. what music do you like? i listen to anything. but what about your favorite band? don't have one. how about TV? i watch anything. like what? i dunno, sports, whatever's on. same for movies and other entertainment media. hobbies? apparently no one does anything but sit around all day. and those lists of reasons to live are such bullshit. they're barely even reasons to put even a little effort into.

the other day was an old friend's birthday. i haven't talked to her in at least four years, but i accidentally found her tumblr a few months ago. i saw how much shit she's going through and decided to send an uplifting anon message with the happy birthday. i'm not even sure she saw it, but when i saw her back to posting the same old things and no response, it felt bad. of course i can't make her smile. i can't even make me smile.

i told my gf last night that i wanted to make some friends. after an event a few years back involving a girl i dated, all my friends abandoned me to take her side, and she fucked them over worse than she fucked me over. logically, they'd say "hey, 8lue was right, i'm sorry i doubted him" but instead they blamed me for what she did. i haven't had many friends since then, and i haven't had any for a few years. but anyway, my gf was trying to help and brought up a manager i used to drive home from work (until he got fired). "what about M? he tries sooooo hard to be your friend." and honestly, we're on two separate wavelengths. he likes wrestling and chasing girls, and i like nerd things. of course i could hang out with him, but honestly what would we do? i've been thinking about what she said and it makes me feel like an asshole. but i have no hope in that friendship. i need people i can do interesting things with.

and that issue is compounded by the fact i'm losing interest in a lot of things. i can barely watch shows or movies i love anymore. any creative hobby i have i either lack inspiration or funds for.

back to my gf, sure she tries to help sometimes. but she's a pain in my ass most of the time. between the mind games and her own lack of motivation, i can hardly do anything with her but argue. and i can't leave because my car is in her name and i can't afford to buy my own. my credit is horrible, so i can't get a loan until i pay off my school loans. which were wasted.

as for family, my parents love me and i love them. we don't agree about everything, but i've learned how to not argue with them. i want to make them proud of me, which would involve having a family. which i'm too broke to feel okay with trying. not after what happened last time. another day for that one.

but of course anyone aside from my gf and family i try to talk to about how i feel will certainly tell me the same shit every time. some variation of "i feel bad for you but remember there are people worse off than you." great. fucking fabulous. there are people out there who feel worse than i do. just what i wanted to hear.

long story short, i can't live in peace and i can't die in peace. a fate worse than death in my opinion.