I just wrote the note for my parentsI'm not pulling the metaphorical trigger quite yet, but I am ready to, and I wanted to make sure that I had my note written by that point so that I could explain somewhat to my parents why I did what I did.  I'm posting it here so that anybody who has any advice that could help me has an opportunity to present it before I finally end it all.

"Mom and Dad,

I am writing this while I still have the mental faculties to do it.  I don't necessarily know if I am going to kill myself today or tomorrow or next week or at all.  Thus, I did not necessarily write this note on the day that you found it.  Instead, I am keeping it with me as a precaution, since when I decide to pull the metaphorical trigger, I want to make sure that you at least have somewhat of an explanation, which should hopefully gain you some closure.

First and foremost, I am so sorry that I decided to be so selfish.  Mom, I know I promised you that I would not kill myself while you were alive, but the guilt of the pain my death would cause was no longer powerful enough to combat the pain and grief that I have been dealing with.  I was to the point where I was simply biding my time until you died so I had the clearance to kill myself, and eventually the waiting itself was too painful.

Secondly, this is not your fault.  The two of you were fantastic parents.  I know you would be there for me in my every need, but eventually, I needed to stop being taken care of by my parents.  Unfortunately, no one else including myself could fill that role.  I needed an ally to walk with me, not eternal caretakers.  I needed something that you simply could not give me.

My relationships are disastrous.  I am sick of feeling like a leech to all my friends, so scared of pushing them away that I push them away.  I am sick of being rejected by one person after another.  While I have multiple friends for whom I would drop everything and stand by their side for weeks if they were in need or in danger, I clearly don't have any friends that are willing to do the same for me.  No one knows how to deal with a suicidal friend.  Everything I've heard to this point is “call this number to talk to someone,” “talk to your therapist,” “don't be alone.”  However, nobody is willing to stand by me.  Basically, every one of my friends wants me to get help in that “I'll pray for you” manner.  They want me to get help, but they don't want to be the one actually standing by my side.

The fact that I can't get a woman that I have any interest in to even give me a chance coupled with the fact that I don't have any friends who are willing to get in the trenches with me and help drag me out is just proof to me that I am hopeless with relationships.  I get hurt each time.

I'm sick of getting up off the metaphorical mat and getting knocked down again.  Each time I like a girl and give myself hope she'll give me a second thought only to have her turn me down hurts so badly.  Each time I am up in the middle of the night aching for an ally only to realize I have no one to turn to aches so deeply.  Every time I get my hopes up and stand up, I get knocked back down.  Well, I don't want to get knocked down again.  I don't want to get up off the mat.  I want to throw in the towel and not subject myself to any more blows.

I simply don't have the energy to endure any more blows while waiting until my death won't hurt you.  I pray you'll forgive me.  I know this will hurt you forever, and I wish I were less self-absorbed so that I would take that into account, but I am simply in too much pain to deal with it any more.  I love you guys, and I am sorry that it had to end this way."

If you want any more information about me, I posted yesterday as well.

Edit: I know just like my last post, I posted and then didn't respond to answers.  The issue is that I am posting late at night when the loneliness is at its worst and I am exhausted.  Since good answers typically take time to come, I end up falling asleep.  Then I get up and feel better in the morning, not great, but at least not at my wit's end.  I also end up going to work, and thus I don't have a lot of time to respond.  Just know that I am reading everything you guys are writing and I really appreciate the encouragement.