I'm trying to fight this pain but I am losing and running out of timeI feel so selfish posting here, Im so sorry, but I dont know what to do. It hurts to even breathe. I looked around the house last night but we don't really have any means available. I have a backpack I can fill with rocks; the river is about a mile from where I live. I ran through what time people wouldn't be around the piers. I don't care if drowning if painful. It cant hurt worse than this noise in my head and what does it even matter if it hurts anyway? I hope I suffer in the end. I hope its painful. I'd be leaving behind two young kids, friends, a husband. I deserve to suffer. I hope when I do it I regret it and suffer horribly for those few minutes.  I love everyone so much. I love my friends, Im so sorry I am losing this fight. They are such nice, kind people. I'm sorry. I KNOW this is irrational. I even have an appointment set up to get help, but I am beside myself with this feeling that I don't deserve anything. I dont think I'll make it. I feel like I am at war with my own mind. My whole chest hurts with this feeling. I don't want to burden my friends, but at the same time I feel like a big hug and someone just saying "don't give up please" would get me a little strength. Isn't that selfish? I think things like that and I just feel worse. I'm always the one to cheer everyone up, to check on everyone make sure their feeling all right. I just send little texts to say hi! I want everyone to be happy, Im so sorry I cant even reach out to ask you all for help, I just cant burden you with this darkness. My husband knows how I feel but I get the feeling he just doesn't want to be in charge of the kids when I'm gone, like its more inconvenient than he actually wants me around. I have spent my whole life just letting shitty people do shitty things to me because Im too scared or feel guilty for asking for even asking for a goddamned hug from my own friends. So now I am surrounded by people but lonely beyond measure. I just want to matter to someone. I want someone to tell me my existence makes their life just a little better. I'm so selfish. I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry. I'm sorry. 