Suicide BenderI’ve been thinking about going on a suicide bender. I’m bi polar, ADHD, and an addict. I used to be a straight up alcoholic until I got into opiates of various varieties, albeit I’ve been getting sober then relapsing in a continual cycle for the past ten years. I am currently sober, have a decent job, am in therapy, and getting my meds managed. Because of all of my mental health issues I’ve lost so much (too much to really go in to), but the biggest aspect of life that gets me extremely down is my inability to form or maintain relationships. Whether platonic or romantic I seem to have become so negative and anxious that I just push people away constantly. I desire a romantic relationship especially and am in a perpetual state of heart break. I’m a 32 year old male seeking a woman. I’ve played guitar for 20 years and have had some good success touring and recording, but that is all gone now. Nothing is enjoyable, I have no hope, I can’t possibly see how things will get better, or how I will ever find a fulfilling relationship with a women because of my problems. I don’t blame any one for not wanting me in their lives. I’m a burden, a nuisance, mediocre, unattractive, unlovable, and obviously unwanted. I’ve spent the better part of the past three years alone. Everyday I break down and cry, racing thoughts, feel like nobody likes me, and will force myself to talk to others or ask a girl out or initiate contact, but inevitably I act like myself and they disappear. I hate myself and want to die, but I wanna go out doing what I love; DRUGS. I have a job and can save enough money to possibly go to Europe and go on a bender for a month and purposely OD once I’ve run out of money. A one way trip. I crave attention and sex, but can never get it, but with money, drugs, a one way ticket, and a timer on my life I bet I can get sex and attention even if I’m paying for it with money or drugs. Nembutal interests me a lot for it seems like the most peaceful way out. Maybe I’m scared of actually committing suicide (who isn’t?), or don’t really want to go through with it? The feeling ebbs and flows on a daily basis, but when I’m in the dire straights I’m in that dark place. That underworld of utter despair where suicide  induces a sense of discernment , a feeling of comfort, and a welcoming embrace of the acceptance I so desperately desire from others. Possibly postponing my suicide and yearning to go out with a bang is my way of giving me a little more time to see if my life becomes worth living? Things will need to improve tremendously for me to feel content in my own skin. Or I can just continue to live as a loner, consumed by desires I can’t fulfill, staving off drug cravings, performing my dull daily duties, and living in my head. I’m never in the present, always in a resentful past, and hopeless future. Thanks. 