Two phasesIdk where to start. I just know I don't want it long bc I'll go way beyond what I'm trying to say. 
I'm no stranger to severe depression and suicidal ideation... No, more like suicidal obsession.  I've attempted twice already.  
I'm at that doorstep again. 
It used to be that I hated me/my life so much I would have to talk myself into suicide. Like I'd say to myself " just do it. There's no reason to be here if I'm not happy and I'm making everyone else around me not happy,  angry,  frustrated, &amp; stressed.  To the point they'd say the most awful things to me &amp; about me,  only justifying my reasons of wanting to end it all.  For me.  For them.  I won't be responsible for almost killing my mom countless times, by way of a anxiety worry &amp; heartache from what I put her thru. Even though she's the one that says things like idc if u go live under a bridge, if u never speak to me again or if ur dead. I'm not gonna do this anymore" - right. Thats my green light.  Go. Id try to convince myself it s okay and that's what I should do. 
But now,  and probably bc of my two kids,  instead of talking myself into suicide,  I'm talking myself out of it. One the daily. The frequency is overwhelming and too much.  I'm just exhausted. I want this to be over. I'm not so "picky" about the route I'd take to off myself anymore either.  My criteria consists of two things. 
1) get the job done so I don't end up alive, braindead, ergo even more a burden.  
2) my kids won't be the ones to find/see me, forever scarred with that image.

Somehow I manage to not try/do it since the last time in January 2020.  For them.  I know they'll be better off without me. I KNOW that. Soon, I will stop talking myself out and make the lives of all those I love easier and better.  

Anyway. Idk if any of that makes sense.  I suppose it doesn't matter. I don't talk to anyone about any of this.  I'm home alone this weekend. I've been waiting for this weekend for weeks.  But here I am, 
trying to talk myself out of attempting suicide.  Again.  

Thanks for being there, even if no one actually reads this.  ☮