I feel like I need to make a cry for help but I don't know what to say.I just feel like I am going to kill myself soon. I don't want to describe it anymore because you all pretty much know what depression is like and I don't have anything new to say. I'm just at the end of my coping methods. I don't cut myself anymore, so there's not that. I'm facing eviction and some pets just died but I'm not all that sad, even, just tired. The whole suicide hotline conversation has gotten so monotonous and useless. There aren't temporary problems I need to escape from , I just every day, no matter what, know I should kill myself. The only reason anyone can give me is that it's selfish, and don't.

I guess I'm really depressed about my career. I threw myself into an art form as a living because everyone insisted I was so good and it was so viable. But I just can't handle the work load of marketing myself, I don't have the confidence and faking it until I make it hasn't been working. I don't have a backup plan and I'm realizing that my life plan is not going to happen. Part of the reason I wanted this career was philisophical, because I don't want to be forgotten, because I think that's the only way I can stop feeling the huge weight of my insignificance in the universe. All I can think about is how I'm nothing but a machine with consciousness and just, nothing matters. What, I get about 70 years if I'm good, and I'm supposed to spend 1/3rd of my time asleep, 1/3rd working for the privilege of having fun in the remaining third, all working towards the ultimate goal of death *later*? And no matter how hard I work or how successful I am it's got a shelf life of a couple generations, tops, and we will all blink out with no reason for ever having been here. I just can't find any reason to live. I'm going to be an old, fat wannabe or a success for a brief time before I'm nothing. Whoo hoo. I feel like failing in my career is failing the only tiny chance any human has for meaning anything.

I'm just not doing it because I have this general concept in my head of it being the wrong thing to do; I'm treating it like other things I can't be objective about, I'm just taking others' words for it that ultimately it's better. But I don't have any desire to live, any optimism about the future or any feelings of challenge or motivation or anything, because I know it's pointless in every regard except making other people satisfied that I'm living a "good life". 

But really, it would NOT matter that I killed myself any more than I would matter 50 years after I died if I didn't. What am I working for if it's not happiness and it's not worth?

I've felt like this my whole life. I feel like suicide is the logical path and my doubts are the brief interludes of insanity confusing me. My parents are at the point of their life where their work is supposed to be paid off with free time and enjoyment, so I'm not going to be a douche and I can hang on until after they've died, but I'm at a place in my life where if I might want to live after that I have to act like it now or I'll just be a miserable bum. But I can't, I can't get out of the house, I can't get dressed, I can't sleep or talk to my friends or write lyrics. I feel like I'm just prolonging it to a place where people will say "Oh, yeah, total waste, good thing they offed themselves anyway"

I spend days and nights thinking about this and rationalizing staying alive and I honestly don't have any good reasons. I can tell this is where people ask for help so I'm pretending I see the point for my parents and fiances sake. I do somewhere not want to die if I'm asking, but I think my reasons for wanting life are lame and shallow and only the result of other people's opinions.