The life of a loser dragging closer to its uneventful conclusion.I have no one. I can't finish anything I start. When people try helping I push them away. I'm so used to being alone I can't imagine being connected, yet it's the root of all my pain to always be isolated and feel so disoconnected. I crave the pain and self-loathing because I'm selfish, yet I do nothing good for myslef, my actions are never not damaging to myself or anyone unfortunate enough to have been caught up in my comically pathetic life. I chose to use fentanyl hoping I would die. I barly took too little. I lived and I felt amazing, like a normal person should feel, that I was loved by some force outside of myself, that I was naturally something that mattered on this earth. How can we as a society criminalize an individual's need to feel conneceted? So what if it comes from chemicals? Evolution has driven our lives through natural chemicals that favor pro-social vs anti-social behaviors. I guess that's where the problem lies in that I'm only lying to myself. I was destined to be an anti-social useless discarded vapid waste of space. Not all humans were meant to be alpha. Some of us eat ans some of us get cooked. Mother nature is a bitch, everything in our nature is a power game, and if I live I will keep the game running in the basest way possible, with my heart and soul desire to annihilate my soul. The CEO is just a classed up junkie. All the people in my life are all gone now. My DEALER will miss me now he won't have anyone to get spun out with. I'm only needed as a commodity. All I can do is spin my words around to create a surface image of myself to be redeemed in someway through validation, but if you begin to fathom the depths of lowliness we all realize the utter hoepless reality. It can't be helped and that's the worst part about it, I won't let anyone help me because I am incapable of helping myself and that's why I drive everyone away, and that's its not a question of am I committing suicide, but when. If not tonight it will be soon. I need out of my infected ego, my infected sanity and torured conscious perpetual mindfuck of oblivion. My time was never meant to be. My pathetically tragic existence must cease for the benefit of the universe. More dominoes will fall and the system won't be burdened down by subpar entities. Modern alienation will be the new manifestation of natural selection. Godspeed to all that read this shit to its uneventful conclusion. No death will be carried out tonight, but soon after I pay back my family for many failed rehab visits. My problems wasn't the drug, it was this self "I" refused to live with out of pride, envy, and pathetic weakness and always the apathy. The apathy was the comma between my shitty life and death. Fuck apathy and fuck the life I am unfit to truly live.