How to make my death as painless for my dog as possible?My dog has been the only thing keeping me  alive throughout so many deep pits of depression in my life and I love him so much. 

But I can't get out of these terrible situations and dynamics no matter how hard I try and the constant anxiety is gnawing at me and I can't escape it. I failed at an interview today after I already lost all my other jobs, the person I'm in love with said they don't want to talk to me right now and are super emotionally unavailable because of corona, so I can't even bring any of this up to them or ask for support and I don't know if they even like me anymore and are trying to brush me off, I'm about to be homeless during the coronavirus and my current housing situation is so tense and terrible and I'm always stuck in the middle of this toxic atmosphere, being forced into taking care of other people's problems while I waste away on the inside and don't get to do anything for myself. 

On top of that my dog is getting older and he had an unexpected incident a few weeks ago in which he randomly attacked another dog, so now I'm about to maybe be homeless with him and even though I'm getting training for him now I just feel like he deserves better and I've failed him so much. And I don't know what to do, I'll just be more isolated and homeless with a dog that can't be around other dogs and I'll probably just kill myself anyway when I get to that point, but at that point I won't have anywhere to put him where he could stay while I kill myself.

I have a few friends who in my suicide letter I am going to mention that I would be honored if they wanted to take care of my dog but it's also completely fine if they can't. 

I'm mostly concerned about trying to kill myself in a place where my dog wouldn't see me or be around it and I'm also really sad when I think about how he will be waiting for me to come home forever but I'll never come back. But I want to know if there's anything I can do to make it better for him because even though he's my anchor and I love him so much I can't live like this anymore and I know he will have a way better life without me. I also don't want to traumatize anyone else that might find my body but I really don't know what a good way to do that would be. I just don't know what to do anymore and I want him to be happy and safe and not miss me. 

Any ideas?