Did I save or doom this person? Guy tried to kill himself, and I did... this. Please read. UPDATE2: I'll go visit him now. Let's see what's up and I'll update later. 
UPDATE: He got transferred to a mental hospital. Oh shit. 

Alright, So I haven't slept for 25 hours, so my writing is probably horrible, but here it goes. Yesterday was a normal day, I was gonna go to the city with some friends and then go hit the gay clubs of the town. While talking about this in front of our university, this gay guy we kind of know (but not really) overhears us and asks if he can join us. We agree because we didn't want to make him feel bad, even though he's been a pretty harsh guy to us (and me personally) in the past, by always complaining and pretending like everything around him is not up to his standards. 

So anyways, we go clubbing here and there we drink and keep on drinking. My good gay friend meets completely hot guy which I thought was cute too (but that's besides the point). Anyways, so after a time we notice that the person who came with us (let's call him Jack) was gone, however soon we saw him coming from the bar with free beer. He was dancing wildly spilling beer on people around him. At 3.15 AM we decided it was time to go to the train station to be able to catch the last train home (a ride of about 3 hours nonetheless). So we walk quickly on the sidewalk when we notice that Jack was walking on the street. We assumed he was too drunk and told him to get the fuck off of there, and took him with us on the sidewalk. This happened again, and this time a car hit him at low speed with its mirror. He wasn't hurt and the car was fine so we kept on speeding towards the train station. Our train was supposed to leave in 5 minutes when Jack tells us that he doesn't have a return ticket. So we fucking run to the ticket machine, but he didn't have any money, so we bought him a ticket. 

We got to the train and we sat together. Jack was quiet, but noticeably drunk so we told him he use his last 10 Euro on a cab home since he obviously was too drunk to walk. He argued that he would walk and everything would be fine. After a while he looks at me strange and asks me "dude, can I like sleep at your place tonight?" I told him that he could as long as he told me what was wrong, seeing as he was all weird and acting depressed. He said he couldn't say it, so I told him to write it to me in a text message. The text message said "I'm afraid if i'll be alone i'll jump in front of a train." So I thought to myself "Holy Shit, I can't handle this on my own... I can't take responsibility for his life!"
 
So then I told one of the two other friends to show me where the bathroom was. We got out of the cabin in which we were sitting and walked towards the toilet. I asked him what we should do and we agreed that it would be best to take him to my place to let him sleep off the alcohol. We settle on that and go back to our cabin. Jack was gone. The other friend sitting with him fell asleep. 

So we run through the train trying to find him until we pick him up pretty far away, with red and crying eyes. We take him back to our cabin but he just didn't pay attention anymore and kept on walking into things on purpose. We sat down with him and wanted to talk with him, to find out whats wrong. He said that he didn't have the time to explain it all and that he wanted to go to my place to sleep. One of my friends kept insisting that he should call anyone close to him, his mother, his brother, ANYONE, just so that we weren't alone in this (Jack is 18 btw). He refused to call his family an got quite angry at my other friends who were getting pissed off as well. Then insults started flying and he left the cabin. I followed him and sat down with him. I tried to talk some sense into him and kept on telling him things are gonna be alright, I just didn't know how to get him from the train station to my place yet. It was at this point where he started trusting me and distrusting the rest.

Then he sat back in the other cabin with the other two people and he started to say that nothing mattered and that nobody cared, etc. Here's where I saw alarm flags. I told him up front that I'm not a psychologist so if his suicide warnings are more than just drunken babbeling I will need to get him professional help (on saturday 3 AM). We asked him if he took any drugs because he looked worse and worse. He insisted that he didn't, but told us that he took 2 of his anti-depressants in the morning, which is more than 4 times his dosis apparently. I asked him why he was taking anti-depressants and he told me that he was taking medicine for acne, which had depression as a side effect, so that's why he took the anti depressants. We all thought "Oh shit he's ODing or some shit on those pills and the alcohol" so we told him we were gonna take  him to the hospital. All of the sudden he started crying and laughing at the same time and said something like "WHO'S SCREAMING? WHY IS THERE A WOMAN SCREAMING?" But the reality was there was no screaming. He kept on telling us he heard a voice like a horror movie. We were now very close to our station, so we took him out. By this time, I had to take him between my arms to guide him while walking and to prevent him falling off the escalator. He was crying and babbeling. At that point it dawned to me, that he drank out of a glass that wasn't his, so he might have some hallucinations from an LSD spiked drink or some shit. 

So we threw him into a cab in which he kept on crying and babbelling and went to the hospital. All of the sudden he just stops. His eyes closed, he stops talking, I don't know if he stopped breathing, but I remember thinking "fuck he's dead". Soon he opened his eyes again though, however it was scary.

So we got him into the hospital and all of the sudden he tells everyone this story that he accepted a drink from an older man which tasted strange, and that the man just kept smiling at him. To me however that sounded like total bullshit since he said it so last minute. 

They put him in a hospital bed, listened to the story you just read and gave him an alcohol test. They didn't do anything about the voices though and will keep him in the hospital til today in the evening. 

I was the last one to see him and he told me "I have a feeling that they're gonna make the screaming go away *but I'll still feel like throwing myself in front of a bus tomorrow*." I told him that this is something he needs to talk over with a psychiatrist that was gonna evaluate him tomorrow, because I don't know how to give the right advice if he feels that way.

So now that I've told this story, here is my concern: After helping the dude out with all this stuff, I don't want to become his mommy. I know it sounds selfish, but he uses every opportunity he gets to somehow insult me. He doesn't really have friends, so what am I gonna do? I feel like I'm part of this whole big thing, even though I barely know the guy and don't really like him? My other two friends don't care but I feel trapped, in the sense that *if I don't continually help him, he will kill himself, and it will be my fault*. 

BTW, we told the hospital people that he thought of killing himself. 

Also was putting him into a hospital the best idea, or should he just slept over? 

Help? :( 

Oh yeah, we're not in the US, so US laws don't apply.