I'm not sureI've been drinking a lot more and have been more careless with moderation of my drug use more recentlt so my memory has been really pretty shot lately. I don't remember a lot of that night , but it was after my bf and I tried to have sex . I had a really intense flashback and it only lasted a few seconds but my response was a knee jerk reaction, i remember yelling to stop and startung to hyperventilate. He blamed himself right away and kept apologizing and seemed to be angry with himself and i think embarassed because didn't want to talk to me after . But I can remember sitting on the bed awake and I was just so fucking full of anxiety from how unsettling it was , and frustration that he turned away from me instead of trying to talk to me about it (and I think he really thought he was doing the right thing, it's not his fault at all. That's never happened with him before and I think he just felt immediately guilty by default and didn't want to upset me), and mostly i was just so full of shame. shame that I couldn't have somehow held my response in and pretended it was okay, and grueling shame from thinking about what the flashback was from and the fact that I got myself into that situation and couldn't fix it in time. And shame that it ever affects me at all. The thing I had a flashback from is not as bad as what so so many other people have been through, and i thought nothing intense like that would ever happen because of it again. I think I tried to hurt myself to escape that feeling because i woke up with pretty minor self harm injuries. And then I vaguely remember taking a Tylenol bottle from my purse and pouring some in my hand and taking them. Then pouring some more and taking them. 
I didn't die  I'm here.  I woke up really sick and didn't even think about it , being sick might have just been from alcohol , because the tylenol clearly wasn't enough to hurt my body in any way that I really noticed. 
I needed to say it somewhere , I don't have therapy for almost a month. I don't want to kill myself because i know how suicide / even just suicide attempts affect friends and family, and i cannot do th at to the people i love. and it scares me that I was so casual and ready . I just didn't care anymore . I don't think it was really a suicide attempt, I think it was more like throwing a die and watching lazily to see how it would land, because I didn't really care either way. 
I don't like that. It makes me scared of myself. And I can't tell anyone because i don't want them to think I am crazy or in danger. Most of the time I can maintain my awareness of the fact that it would be better to live. It's just it flares up really intensely sometimes. I Really would like to stay alive and make my parents happy and proud of me one day . I don't want to die. And I wish living didn't have to be so goddamn painful and difficult at times. But I'm thankful I'm here and I'm thankful that i want to be .