I've always been told "It will work out somehow" or "It will get better somehow" - It really doesn't. Not somehow.I'm chronically suicidal so don't worry, I won't do anything... But I am having some thoughts of suicide. No intent. Just here to vent.

My dad's in the ICU after a heart attack and open heart surgery. Suddenly I have been given the task of handling everything for him and my family. My mom is incapable of understanding the details of how his insurance works and how to get him set up for rehab, apply for financial assistance, take care of him after rehab, or to handle the household finances while he's recovering. 

This is a mountain of shit on top of all the other mountains of shit. Let's not even mention my mom has no concept of money and she is spending A LOT while he is in the hospital. I have no access to their finances and I am concerned that she is spending what he's been saving for  income taxes in a separate savings account. She isn't financing her casino trips with his monthly social security check....

I am sick of people telling me not to worry and that things will work out. They never have  unless someone took responsibility. Typically that's me. 

My parents live in squalor. They have no heat and no bath facilities. They have no working washer and dryer. Their trailer has a rat, mice, and insect infestation, not to mention a black mold problem. My family gets sick every other week from the mold/cat urine/excrement/lack of hygiene. My mom has a gambling addiction. Their yard is a junkyard. They are hoarders and one cannot move through the house easily. I think it is almost worse than being homeless. 

I have tried to address their living situation so many times and it has fallen on deaf ears. I have tried for years to help. Now my dad is in ICU and things have never been more critical. I have offered what little money I have and I've been out to their trailer several times to try to clean it up. My mom stops me from throwing away the most trivial of garbage objects, like old plastic grocery bags that cats have urinated on. In one week I've managed to clean a small part of the kitchen and I found some of the nastiest things I've ever seen. I have left that property crying and throwing back way more pills than I should because I just can't take this stress right now.

Yes, I'm very depressed right now and I am stressed out beyond anything I think I have before. This isn't the only thing going on in my life. I'm considering calling the county to have their place condemned, but this will leave them on the streets because they will never live with me. It's so hard to deal with this. I don't want advice because I guarantee I've heard it 100 times. I just need to vent and write this out.