I am thinking of ending it because of shameI have been dealing with depression for years.
I graduated in something I dislike, and I cannot work in the same field; no matter what the company is.
I don’t like my physical aspect, as I have acne scars and I am balding, beside taking finasteride.
I haven’t really had anyone who listened to my issues, apart an online friend.

Beside all of these issues, after the first quarantine from the pandemic, I managed to change and be a positive person. 
In May, I managed to find a girl who loved me. She was working here in my country as an au-pair.
She even stayed longer for me for very little payment (250€ per month working full time, when the average salary in my country is 1500€).
I have never been so happy during those 5 months than my entire life.
We managed us to find a job in her country.
She said she loved me in the airport before going back in her country.

Once the relationship became a long distance one, also I started to work from 6AM to 8PM, Saturday included, for my national average salary (the contract wasn’t supposed to be like this).
Being working a very stressful job from my parents’ with no adeguate training, and not talking with anyone in my family and colleagues, made me have an even more stressful situation.
I couldn’t sleep, and I still can’t for many nights (when I do, usually I sleep 4 hours but being interrupted several times during the night).
So, I became even more bald and now I have lots of white hairs.
There were also many turmoils at home because my younger brother just lies, have low grades, and wants expensive gifts.
I couldn’t go out during Sunday because I had to quarantine myself.
My father was in hospital and when he isn’t, it’s just dealing with another person with depression, and many issues like waking up without breath during the night.

I started to behave like shit to the only person who loved me.
Firstly, as I didn’t like her gaining weight, I told her if she could lose some kilograms. I didn’t find her attractive whenever she was eating so much trash food. And, I think that if she could lose some weight, she could have way more confidence (and so break up with me), and I didn’t want to come back having the same bad eating habits I’m still struggling to fight against.
She wanted to break up with me because of it, but I managed to come back.

Then, a day I felt suicidal and I told her that it was better if she considered to break up with me because I wanted to kill myself as a single person, and make her suffer less.
So, the day after she said that she needed to think because she couldn’t keep with my behavior anymore.
So, I started to not eat for days. And she stopped texting me. She answered some calls only in the night but she was always quiet, and me trying to get her back.
After the 4th day of non eating, she told me to “Just eat”, and made me fall into complete despair and madness.
She answered my call that evening because I knew she wanted to break up with me but was scared I would have killed myself. So I asked her if I needed to offend her in order to break up with me.
I did and she broke up with me, but I couldn’t stop offending her.

I apologized as she didn’t block me in every social media. 
Then I did another BS my checking one of her mail and I told her about it.
And she blocked me everywhere.

Another 3 weeks has passed and I couldn’t really work, eat properly, and obviously sleep neither.

I’m just thinking of ending it, as going to therapy seems useless and I can’t really find another job that does not make a total slave for a job I don’t like.
I don’t really have desires and I have never had and I hate watching myself in the mirror.
I am a totally immature person and also an unlucky.

I probably considered her even someone less than me. I don’t think so, but you know bringing her around everywhere, so she could have a better experience. Seeing only her and treating her like a priority made me fall to pieces when she came back in her country.

I don’t have so much courage to live like this anymore, neither will to hate myself for the rest of my life.