Chronic pain for over a year is destroying meEvery since June of 2015 I have had chronic urinary tract / urethral pain. I've been to multiple specialists and have taken so many different medications, changed my lifestyle, and nothing works. Constantly looming over my head is the possibility that I have a truly uncurable and painful condition that's causing my symptoms, and the only way to get a true diagnosis is to go through a risky and painful cystoscopy. From what I've heard, the procedure is incredibly painful during and after, and can result in complications such as urethral stricture. So not only will the one diagnostic procedure that I can have will temporarily make my pain worse after, but it can have permanent complications. Urethral stricture is essentially incurable, and the only treatments involve painful dilation or invasive surgery (basically, everything involves shoving things things or cutting up the urethra, and they only act as treatments and not cures - ouch.) 

I'm truly caught between a rock and a hard place. I either live with my pain hoping it goes away, go through extremely painful diagnostic procedures that will make my pain worse, or undergo painful treatments. I'm only 20 years old, it feels so unfair that I have to go through this so young. Most people that get these procedures are much older.

Ejaculation hurts and urinating often burns. As a 20 year old, it's horrible to think that I won't be able to have a normal sex life that most people my age would have. Let's say I end up getting a urethral stricture - what happens then? I'll be constantly in pain whether or not I go through treatments. I've heard of people that have to live with this, and it sounds like a truly miserable and inefficiently documented condition. 

I can't even take antidepressants because they further complicate my urinary tract symptoms. Trust me, I would love to be on them.

I honestly don't know how much longer I can do this for. I don't want to hurt my friends and family, but this is becoming unbearable. Ever since March I have had anxiety attacks almost every day which are often accompanied by spells of crying. I'm always fatigued, and have lost my motivation and my former happy self. I'm not sure I'll be able to handle my upper level science courses this fall in my current state. Being with friends doesn't make me feel better anymore. Talking about it doesn't help because no one understands the pain I'm in and nothing anyone says will take the pain away. I don't want to hurt my loved ones by exiting, but I just don't know anymore.