I have everything I was supposed to want. Why do I want to die more than ever?This might get long, and maybe be a little rambly. My apologies in advance.

Backstory on me: I'm a 29 year old dude who has been dealing with depression and anxiety since I was 13. I've never been a particularly motivated individual, and I've never had any sort of hobbies that I'm passionate about. If you asked me what I wanted to do for the rest of my life, and I answered genuinely honest, I'd tell you I just want to sit on the couch and play videogames. Of course, that's not a socially acceptable answer because it apparently makes me lazy and boring. In reality it's really just the only time I'm ever able to get out of my head and shut out the world around me. It's the only time I'm ever truly comfortable.

Anyway, despite my lack of any real interests or motivation to do anything I have somehow continued to fail upward in a good career. I just landed a job that allowed me to move back to my home state, live in my favorite city in the country, and work from home. It pays 6 figures; which is the kind of money I never dreamed I would make. I have all off all my student loans payed off. I own a good reliable car, and it too is payed off. Things seem to be going pretty good for me.

Gonna jump cut here, go back in time and give you a quick story on the most depressed I've ever been. Right out of college, I brazenly (read: stupidly) quit my first job. It was a job that payed well, and I hated it. So, I did it for a week and bailed. I ended up moving home with my parents, was unemployed, I had a ton of student loan debt, my car was a piece of shit, I drank heavily, and I decided this was the optimal time in my life to quit taking Lexapro. This was my lowest low point and lasted for a solid six months. I was teetering on the edge of ending it just about every day.

Eventually my old man got sick of me not doing anything, forced my ass out of bed, and made me go to a shitty landscaping job he got me. He did not go about this gracefully as he's not a patient individual and has never understood this whole depression business. It kind of worked though. I started climbing out of my hole and progressively worked my way back into being a functional human to get to where I am now.

So fast forward to today, and somehow I feel exactly like that 22 year old kid who saw no hope for the future. I've been growing increasingly more depressed over the last year. I thought taking this new job, having money, and living where I wanted to would make me happier. It hasn't. I feel considerably worse. I moved into my apartment a week and half ago and most everything is still unpacked. I can't get to most of my kitchen because there boxes just sitting on the countertops and I don't have the motivation to move them somewhere else, let alone unpack any of it.

I always thought a lot of my depression as a young adult stemmed from concerns about money and debt and feeling like some sort of wage slave. But now I have what I was supposed to want. I have a good job. I have money. I'm debt free. I have a nice apartment. I have a reliable car. So, why don't I give a shit about any of it? Why is it all I want to do right now is smoke a bowl, curl up in bed, and stay there forever?

I've spent a not insignificant part of my afternoon researching ways to kill myself. I don't know how serious I am. I'm just sick of fighting. It'd be pretty easy to run down to the hardware store, buy a little generator, leave it running in the car, and just take my last nap.