The only thing keeping myself alive are memories I'm fond of. But they're starting to wear out.I'm fed up trying to understand what is fair in loving someone and being hurt by them. By loving it so deep you pray for them every night, just to eventually hear from them that "they're not able to do the same for me".

This isn't the first time, the third, the TENTH time I hear this same old shit. And it's ALWAYS like this. I've already got the hint that I must be the problem, if it keeps happening over and over, again and again. And yet, even if I do everything with my heart and without selfishness and tough requirements, I STILL GET TRASHED, EVERY TIME, NON STOP.

It's already tough and hard being gay and having no support from my family or close friends that share the same burdens, but attempting to go through a harming, devastating community like this one is emotional suicide. I'm already dead from the inside. I'm just wasting oxygen at this point.

I really, REALLY did my best to try to understand how God allows such thing to happen. How it is POSSIBLE that someone that loves so much and cares so much for so many people can suffer THIS MUCH in return. But I guess it is quicker just to ask him face to face, since keeping up with this agenda is getting me nowhere fast.

As soon as I give up on the unique, unshared childhood memories in which I am (not surprisingly) the only one aware of it, I'm doing it for good. There's *nothing else* to pride myself on beyond these fond moments, and the fact I never had the opportunity to share them beyond myself is something that convinces me more than anything to go ahead and get rid of them altogether.

For anyone who's gay, here's an advice: Don't fuck up with people. Don't fucking make out or delude someone if you're not sure what you're going to. You are not aware if they have family problems, if they've been fat-shamed to death their entire life, if they never had the chance to share their own memories to anyone else.
So if another guy treasures you like gold, you do the same, or you just fucking don't even start.