[NSFW] [23M] [Long] Why I want to dieHello, reddit.   

This is being crosspisted to both r/gaybros and r/askgaybros and r/suicidewatch

  This post is all the reasons I want to die. 
  
  However, some very little background about me. I am 23, a male, and I'm gay.   
  
I guess the first thing that makes me want to die – the most major thing I think – is the unrelenting, physical,, chronic pain.   

  I have 2 herniated discs in my spine. I think they have always affected me in some way, but 3 years ago the pain started and it has gotten worse ever since. Burning, throbbing, aching, shooting, squeezing PAIN on my hips, legs, and feet for 3 years.   

  I can't sit at a computer longer than 5 minutes. I can't walk for more than 2-3 minutes. I can't stand for longer than maybe 45 seconds before the pain makes me wanna just shout and cry.   

  The pain is unbearable. I can't work – yet the government doesn't deem me disabled so I can't get money that way either.   

  I have no income. I can't do anything. I am literally a useless fucking waste of space who would be better off dead than taking up resources.   

  I did graduate college, but only barely. My grades were nearly perfect, but I almost couldn;t because of the pain. I had to be driven to and from campus every day (an hour each way) by my parents, wasting their time and energy and gas money.   

  (The only good thing about college was that I got the Cal Grant from the government and it paid for everything – so I have no debt, thank fucking god).   

  But the pain is awful. I have a a surgery hopefully in the works soon, but with my fucking luck something will happen to my insurance before I can get it, and that will REALLY make me want to just jump off the top of a high building and fall to my death.   

  Is there anything else to say about the pain? I'm a burden to my parents. They have to drive me anywhere and everywhere I need to go – doctors, stores, haircuts, the gym (if I'm feeling good enough to go into a pool for 10 minutes before the pain is just too fucking much).   

  I can't drive because sitting in a car hurts way too much, AND I get leg tremors so I couldn't use the pedals in a car.   

  And I know they resent me. Don't say they don't, because they yell at me everytime I need something. They say they hate chaufering me around, and I don;t blame them.   

  I really am the worse and most uselless person ever.   

  But that's not all!!!!   

  The second reason I want to die is because I can't handle anything stressful. Last week something of mine broke and I had to return it to the seller for an exchange. You don't know how stressful that was for me. I kept checking the tracking to make sure it doesn't get lost, I had to call the business like 5 times to ask what would happen if my return shipment got lost (because that happens because I'm fucking unlucky), and then I kept checking the tracking (and getting worried when it wouldn't update) when I FINALLY got my own shipment out.   
  
And last week I started thinking my sister got raped. Why? Because we used to talk every day, and then she started pulling away, not responding to texts, barely answering the phone. She kept saying she didn't want to talk about it when I asked if she had been hurt. So my paranoid and worried mind came up with her being raped.   

  Luckily, this wasn't the case. But she did just end up breaking up her with boyfriend of 10+ years because she wasn't happy at all anymore and felt suffocated in the home.     

  But now I worry about her because she's technically homeless. She lives 2+ hours away and has a job, so she's living in her car right now. I worry about her being raped or assaulted in the middle of the night in her car, or all her stuff getting stolen, or her getting raped when she lives alone in an apartment that she's looking for (like in that one episode of Law and Order SVU of the girl who got raped in her apartment at gunpoint).   
  
I would kill myself if I was raped. I would. Because the pain and the memories would be too much for me, I can't imagine what it would be like for her.   

  If she got raped I would kill myself. I wouldn't be strong enough o handle it if she got raped either because I couldn't take knowing that my sister is hurting so much and there would be nothing that I could do to stop it.     

  So yeah I'm not strong enough for anything stressful. Worrying constantly about medical insurance (my surgery!), my sister, my fucking shipment of a return item, ANYTHING.   

  I just can't handle anything.   

  And there's more...   

  Number three, sex.   

  Of COURSE there's sex in here.   

  I can find sex if I really wanted it, and I do! But I want it safely...   

  I'm actually relatively attractive. I used to be 310 pounds (6 feet tall – so Class 2 obesity) and now I am 197 and losing still (so Overweight but less than 20 pounds away from 'Normal').   

  I can go on Gridnr and get some dick if I really want it. And I do.   

  But I can't stop worrying about HIV and other STDs. I wanna just be able to suck some dick without worrying about that shit.   

  But I don't wanna suck cock with a  condom. That would just ruin the experience. I don't care about just ebing with a guy – no, I just wanna taste and feel the dick and cum. I don't want a boyfriend right now – I just want some dick that is clean.   

  But you can never be 100% sure of that. People say “get tested” but that doesn't PREVENT anything. People can lie about getting tested. Or they can have had sex within 3 months of their test so it is inaccurate while they have HIV but it's too early to detect.   

  (And I know the stats on HIV and blowjobs – it is low risk but POSSIBLE).   
  
I can live right now without getting fucked. But I do so wanna get fucked by a dude too, but that's way too unsafe even with condoms.   

  PrEP, you may be asking? The doctor to get the tests and prescription is over an hour away and my parents wouldn't wanna drive me that much just so I can do something not even related to my pain or my surgery.      

  AND I already take a slew of meds for my pain condition, and PrEP would probably just overowkr my liver and other organs too.   

  But there's more about sex!     

  My kinks.   

  Now, none of these are bad or illegal. Let me just say that. NOTHING I WANT IS INHERENTLY BAD.   

  But I do wanna service a gloryhole. I wanna be a full-blown gloryhole slut. Taking cocks and loads in my mouth and ass all day every day.   

  And I already talked about this why I can't: BECAUSE OF HIV AND STDs.   

  This I want more than any other kind of sex. I sincerely want to do this, and to do this for real. I want the anonymity, the succession of cocks, the being used, the 'walk of shame' coming out of the booth, the whole experience.     

  But it's just NOT POSSIBLE to do it safely the way I want.   

  I will kill myself if I have HIV. Like I said before, I am not strong enough to handle it emotionally if I ever did get it from any way.   

  (Though there is one small comforting thought: if/when I do decide to go through with killing myself, I WILL go to a gloryhole and service it for a week and then kill myself because any diseases wouldn't matter if I'm dying in a few days anyway.)   

  I have other kinks too. Piss, bondage, whatever. Small stuff. Nothing bad or illegal, again.   

  But I really do want to do this gloryhole thing for real and I will NEVER be able to do it. And it just depresses me to  no fucking end.   

  I can write even more. About how I am bored all day because my pain prevents me from doinng anything, how I want to be a professional wrestler but I can't because no money and no physcial ability because of my pain, how video games just fucking bore me now and I hate them, how my parents fight all the time and make me hate them, how I'm stuck in this house with my parents and grandparents (who are old and senile and dirty and ruin everything in this house and can't clean up after themselves even though one is perfectly able to walk, drive, and whatnot).   

  I just hate so much about my life. There is so little to like. I like my cats, I like watching wrestling, and I like some music.   

  That's it.   

  I can't do anything I want, sex-related or not. I am NOTHING and I just wish that I was fucking dead already.   

  And btw I tried therapy for 2 years when I was in college. It didn't help anything and it was just a waste of fucking money.   
  
Okay, that's all I'm going to write. I don't know anything else to say. I don't even know why I wrote this – maybe to just be able to tell someone everything that's wrong with me and why I hate my life so much.   

  Thanks for reading if you got this far.    

  But the post is done now.  Echoing my own life, there is nothing of worthy this far into the post.