Why keep doing this?I don't know if this is the right place to ask this, but I've found Reddit to often be a silly place, but also give some unexpectedly deep, intellectual responses, so I am going to give it a go. I am asking sincerely. I am a logical thinker and I want someone to help convince me that there is a point in waking up tomorrow.

A little bit about me. I suffered a brain injury that lead to permanent depression about 15 years ago. When I say permanent, I mean it. I *think* I haven't felt happiness of any kind in 15 years. I say think, because psychologists have told me that depression changes your memories, colors everything to feel worse. I might be wrong, but I remember the feeling all throughout that decade and a half. I honestly believe it to be true. Every waking moment of my life exists on the sadness scale, in my best moments I am 'okay' not sad, per say, or happy, just neutral. In my worst moments, I experience a sadness and pain that no one seems to be able to comprehend. When I explain it to people, they just assume I am exaggerating. Every night I dread going to sleep because I know I have to wake up to my life, every morning I cry about having to get out of bed and do another day. If you knew me in real life, you would never know this about me. I learned a long time ago that if you talk about your depression everyone acts concerned for about 3 days then ostracizes you as the unstable guy. So, instead, I act better then I feel. I am the friendliest guy in the office. Always happy and laughing and nothing is more isolating than that. I can't talk to anyone, ever, about how I feel. I laugh through my day and help others with their issues then I go back to my house, alone, and miserable. I would give almost anything for a hug. Not like a 'how are you? haven't seen you in a while' hug, I get those every day, but 30 seconds of feeling like someone else cared might make me a 0 on the sad scale for an entire day, and I can't describe how 'good' that would feel, for a change.

Someone might ask how I made it 15 years if all that is true, and there are two main answers, the first is that I tried to kill myself twice (sincerely). After that, the people who I cared about at the time told me suicide was selfish, so I stopped trying, waiting for a convenient time to die, some time that wouldn't ruin everyone else's good time. That sounds moronic, but it is a defining thing in my life every day. The second is that I distract myself. Almost every waking second I try to keep something 'happy' on. Music, friends, movies, video games, etc. When a movie ends, I always have this feeling of, "oh shit, I guess I have to go back to life now." Somehow, I feel like I have seen everything on YouTube.

Recently though, something changed at work. I am suddenly not allowed to listen to music, or browse Reddit or talk to anyone, so my entire day is spent daydreaming about suicide and trying to rationalize my way out of it. It's only been a week of that and I can tell I am failing. In fact, I keep a cup of final solution on my desk (to go use elsewhere, I wouldn't do that to my co-workers), just in case I grow a pair.

So, I ask sincerely, why keep doing this? Someone give me some serious rational. Anything. I am guessing this won't get much response, this isn't a very popular subreddit, and it isn't anyone else's responsibility. In fact, I assume it will get no response for a couple hours then removed for violating some clause I didn't understand, but I figured it was worth at least asking.