I want to dieI think of suicide multiple times a day. I even have a plan for how and where I'm going to kill myself. I feel very close to the edge and I just feel like a burden to my family. I think everyone in my family dislikes me, no matter how hard I try to do what they want. Maybe it's just me, but I think they really don't care about me.

For instance, I moved to live with my aunt to get away from the constant drinking and smoking (weed) at my Mom's house. My older brother had done the same thing, and she calls him and tells him that she needs me. She rarely ever texts or calls me and when she does it's just the standard "How are you?"

My grandma hates me or she's just old, I don't really know. My aunt claims that I'm her favorite and she tried to help me a little by taking me to try and get a psychiatrist, but when they called me up, she told me: "Don't tell them that you have suicidal thoughts. They'll make you stay longer."

It honestly rubbed me the wrong way and made me realize lots of small little things about her that I know dislike with my every being. The place we went to denied us because my Health Care was in another city and my aunt never bothered to try and see another one.

I suppose it's because she has two other kids to take care of, so I'm probably being selfish.

They, they being my family, constantly tell me I need therapy, but when I ask for some they don't even bother. The only reason they ever mentioned therapy for me is because they think I'm traumatized from all thw times I saw my mom get beat by her boyfriends and how my sisters and I got molested by our father.

My mom recently got diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver from her constant drinking problems, she still hasn't stopped, by the way. 

I also finally told the police about the molestation of my sisters and I. They officers happen to ask me if I was suicidal and I, being an idiot, answered honestly and said yes. They told me, "You know, people have worse problems than you." YEAH NO FUCKING SHIT. Did they think that I never thought of it? Did they think that it would make me feel better? All it was make me hare myself even MORE.

I just really want to fucking end my life and leave the most aggressive fucking note ever just to make everyone feel bad. Just like they made me feel bad about how I look, how I think, and how I act. I want to die.