I just wanna post everything, get it out there, idc if anyone caresI am so tired.

My life up until this point has sucked, my parents had no business with one child, yet decided they needed a second.  I was an accidental and I've kind of always known it.  My parents were and are terrible with money, we never really had what we needed, I was sick a lot but going to the doctor was a rarity.  I spent most of my younger years being called lazy, told how I'll never succeed, all because my brother was a genius who refused to work, meanwhile I struggled, and eventually when I realized nobody cared, I gave up.

My mother was an addict, it honestly made my life hell, she would forget to pick me up and drop me off, most plans would be canceled, promises broken, I nearly died quite a few times in the car with her. I stopped sleeping in high school, it was either that or let the house burn down. I never got over that, I wake up hourly and immediately feel alert and alarmed. For a while in high school I just... Didn't have a place to live.

I worked my ass off after high school, I greased trucks for minimum wage to save for college, I already had $6000 saved back and planned to add to it. Well, turns out no, that money all went to drugs, on top of that my mother got my car stolen (also drug related).

I went to a cheap shitty school after that, still ended up $80k in debt, I had to face the fact that I wasn't smart enough for the degree I wanted, I couldn't cut it, so I made the choice to get another degree, one I have much less interest in, and which is much less useful.  Now I work a shit job that barely gives me 20 hours a week.  I can't afford to leave, and I don't have a skillset worth getting a relocation package.  I can't afford to leave unless I want to be homeless, which I promised myself I wouldn't do again...

College was the only time in my life I felt ok, I had friends, I was an executive officer of a club, I let myself get comfortable though, and so I lost it, someone stacked the vote and our entire executive board got kicked out.  After college I had to move back home, all I do now is sleep and work.  My family genuinely believes that I SHOULD do nothing but work, it's "just what you do" and I "would quit feeling so pitiful" if I got an 80 hour work week, I shouldn't want to leave this shitty small town, because "big towns is nothing but trouble!" They cannot understand why anyone would NOT want to live in the middle of nowhere. According to them the epitome of fun is hammering tomato stakes into the ground...

I have no support, I just... If I move away and I fail, I die.... I'm about to lose my healthcare... I just want it all to stop