I really want this to end.I just need to rant. Maybe just for the last time. I would really prefer if it is.

I'm really, really sick of living. I'm 19 years old. For 11 years I've tried to find a way out of this so called "life". Maybe it just wasn't meant for me. 

My life was never there to support me. I was an accident so it's normal I guess. I have a little brother, that one was planned, and my older sister is kinda succesful now, so favoritism is expected.

Never had my parents sit down and talk to me. Father was certainly free to spend his hard earned money in stuff for everyone and booze. Of course, I only got stuff when he wanted me to shut up. Mother said she loved me, but I guess you don't beat the shit out of the people you love. Or well, I don't know, maybe you do, I suppose. I don't know at this point.

Never had many friends, but who can you call a friend, honestly? Talked to some people but they never had problems with hurting me. I guess I don't learn, I grew to treat everyone super well  but I suppose it's because I was afraid of people hurting me. They kept doing it so I must be bad at being good. Or I wasn't good enough. Was bullied since kindergarten, got my ribs broken in elementary. Brother was born some time around this. I grew a taste for videogames. I still like them. They're good.

We changed states. Father told me he "hit the jackpot and got the big raise" but in the inside I knew it was to stop dealing with my shit at school. I grew up to be kinda shy, I guess. Never talked to anyone just to meet them, so I just stood when I saw someone I kinda wanted to meet. Kept getting bullied, had one or two mates, that's it. They abandoned me weeks after elementary, though. 

On middle school social life was hard. Met a pretty girl, first day. Remember her, I suppose. She was nice. Everyone else kinda sucked. I started to like girls, so, of course, I got harassed for that. My sister started to beat me, too. Still have some scars, but that doesn't matter I guess. The pretty girl told me stuff was going to get better. Got worse. Girls I liked started mocking me about fucking guys and stuff. Yeah, this sounds really fucking lame. Sorry. People never invited me to parties, got kicked out of the ones I showed up to. 

Pretty girl started dating me. She said she was going through stuff too, she wanted to be with me through it. We were happy. She cheated on me. On a girl and a guy at the same time. Really shouldn't care about that I guess. Then she started mocking me because she fucked girls. Kinda got used to it I suppose.

Attempted suicide on prom night. Kinda attempted suicide on Christmas and New Years Eve, I walked out of that.

Now I sit alone at my apartment listening to some Tyler the Creator. The only person I've ever loved is probably having the time of her life on someone's bed. My only friend just kicked me out of a Warframe lobby because he was going to hunt Eidolons and I'm bad at that. Family hasn't talked to me for a year now. Sister is living the life, brother is getting all the cool things I didn't deserve I guess. My cat Haley died 2 months ago. 

And I got so much left to say but reading all of the above made me wince so I guess I'll shut up now. I'm sorry. I should have the strength to go through this. I'm sorry if I don't see tomorrow. I really wanted to, if I could look foward to anything. 

Thanks for reading if you did read it, I think...