Im alone,im worthless,im uselessI dont know where to start,im sorry if im all over the place
Im currently 15 years of age,i wish i had died earlier,my life has only gone downhill in the last few years.ive been in so much pain i cant take it anymore.
I always feel lonely,sad,depressed,suicidal.it has even gone so far to cutting myself.i just feel hopeless,i feel like i will never be able to achieve my dreams,no one will ever love me and everyone will forget about me
Ive been alone since my childhood.ive never been to make any good friends because i never talked with anyone and its the biggest regret of my life.whenever im in pain i dont get to share it with anyone,no one makes me feel better,people have made fun of me because im so awkard,im just scared to express my feelings and my mind.ive tried to make friends before but they only have left me and bullied me and foght with me.everyone,literally everyone makes fun of me.im just going downhill in my studies.i always get low grades and i am always scolded by my parents.i even thought of killing them before............im sorry.
I just try to escape my sadness of life by sitting near a computer screen or my mobile phone,whenever they are taken away from me i instantly get depressed.
I just get jealous and sick of other people because they got to enjoy their childhood and i was stuck alone in hell for years,not once i had been shown hope.
Ive been really into gaming since my childhood.there is barely any day i havent gamed.it has kept me happy and alive for such a long time.when i saw utubers and esporters i instantly started to like them and wanted to be as big as them.but ive been only taken away from these things and it fucking burns me.
Im so unhealthy, i havent went outside for weeks,im scared to talk to people,i dont even know how to drive a cycle,i just want to stay in my home.
Im writing this in my bed on my phone while crying and wanting to cut myself again,why did have to see hell in such a young age?why couldnt my life be better like the others?why did no one ever try to talk to me,try to understand my pain and make me feel better?
I feel worthless now,im useless in this world,i was a mistake,i was born to suffer,no one is happy with me,no one will ever love this looser,i will forever be alone.
I bet some of you might be laughing at this story,but if u had experienced this you will understand how much of a pain this life really is.
I am done with this shitty life,i might try to kill myself in a few months,i will always suffer,i will never achieve my dream,i will be a pain to everyone,a waste to humanity............ 
I wish someone could help me,my happiness is dead,my hope is dead,my innocence is dead,my love is dead, get ready to see another suicide story in the news.
Thats all i have to say,i never talked about this but i am now,you dont have to look too deep into this cause im a looser anyways,anyone out there still living,you can still change,you can still be happy,you can still enjoy life
I failed,and failures dont deserve to live
Goodbye everyone :)