Can I somehow donate my body/time/etcI want to kill myself. I don’t know if I’d even categorize it as a want at this point but rather a need? Every thought I have always loops back around to it and the only comfort I can find most nights is through planning it. This has been going on for roughly 2/3 maybe 4 years now, and that’s not to say that I haven’t been happy at the same time. This past year was probably one of the nicest that I ever lived and I have two family members left that I really really care about. They are the only thing that is keeping me here and I think a part of me hates them for it, but, regardless, I’m here for the time being until I think they could handle my death (not trying to sound cocky in saying that they need me but, after losing a lot of people in our lives, I really think they do). However this drive to kill myself has been really expediated (if that’s the right word) by a recent death in my family, which I feel responsible for and feel immense unbearable guilt for and I really can’t handle being alive for much longer, at the most I can handle being around until I think everyone has healed enough from his death to then bear mine.
I was wondering if there are any jobs or something of the sort that are especially dangerous but also especially in need of people? I’m content dying, and if I can use my body and time for good before I do anything to it then I will. Something like firefighting? I’m not really in great enough shape to be a firefighter though. However, I think if I died “on accident” my family would recover quicker. I had a plan to get hit by a car when I left for college but I met people there that I didn’t want to hurt either, and the few times I went out at night with the intentions of jumping I felt guilty about scarring the driver/couldn’t find any cars going fast enough.
I have no interest in hearing about therapy/suggestions like that, and this is really just the first sub I found so if it’s the wrong one to post to just let me know and I’ll relocate. I just want advice as to how to die in the most innocuous and least painful (for my family) way, a way that would hopefully bring about some greater good to the community.