People have abused, neglected, suppressed my potential to such a degree that in the future i'd probably consider murdering a person.Emotional abuse of a child is commonly defined as a pattern of behavior by parents or caregivers that can seriously interfere with a child’s cognitive, emotional, psychological or social development.

Stimulation of children in early development stages forms their character for the future. With weak mental stimulation, there is poor mental development in children, resulting in problems like poor school learning, lower intellectual ability, unstable emotional reactions and many more. Additionally, intellectual development is affected by the traits exhibited by the parents.

Talking to children provides one of the most effective forms of stimulus for child mental development. Research has shown when parents interact with the child a great deal; there is better cognitive, social and emotional development in children, leading to better skills at mathematics, enhanced reasoning and self-expression.

I feel like mental and emotional under-stimulation combined with abuse have severely damaged my cognition and sense of well being. Memories of being neglected, taunted, and abused other the years has driven me to insanity. A couple years ago while i was working i became increasingly unhappy and began to develop chronic sleep deprivation while I was working and a had a complete psychotic breakdown, almost schizophrenic like episode and nobody was there to help me. My coworkers took advantage of the situation and only helped to make my breakdown of reality more robust and extended. After the breakdown happened and i returned to reality and coworkers only ramped up the abuse and neglected, no compassion, not even an acknowledgement, nobody even talked to me about what happened to this day. I had a complete psychotic breakdown and not my friends, parents, or coworkers even acknowledged or talked to me about what happened. Completely neglected. 

I've been neglected and abused my entire life. If i mentioned a problem i was having while growing up, i was ignored. Nobody in my family was ever positive to me, i was never given any positive emotional stimulation. I felt like my parents ignored my state of well being my entire childhood and teenage years.

I've been thinking about suicide and murder a lot these days. I spend everyday in rage.   