Having a rough time right now.All my life I have been a very depressive person. I didn't have the easiest time as a child or teenager (not that anyone does) and I was in a very dark place for a long time. At some point it got better! In 2013 I met a boy, we had a rough couple of months to start due to my dealing with the aftermath of my previous relationship, and him showing interest in and talking to another girl while we were first seeing each other without my knowing. Other than that everything is usually and has been perfect between us. 

I used to resort to self mutilation often from the age of 11-21. I remember the last time I did it, it was when I broke up with my last boyfriend and I still had cuts on my thighs the first time me and my current SO slept together. Thus he has pretty always known about my problems, but never really dealt with it first hand. He's somewhat emotionally stunted and prefers ignoring things to talking about them. The reason I stopped was because of the embarrassment I felt that day and I've always been very proud that I was finally able to overcome it. 

Fast forward to now, we are still together, engaged to be married 8 days from now, just bought a home together in February. I've hit a rough patch in my general life and I feel like a 16 year old girl again. I lost my job a month and a half ago, due to "general performance issues" that didn't really exist, but more so due to a personal vendetta that my boss had against me. I've been told to pursue a wrongful termination suit but don't have the money or the emotional capacity to stand up for myself in such a huge way right now. Though I filed an HR complaint with the company and they've since interviewed a lot of my co-workers and she has been "reprimanded".
The real issue with losing my job was not the job, I worked my ass off for that company working 45-60 hours a week with no paid overtime, almost never taking my holidays, took a week vacation in two years so that we could move in February. I was the manager and I hired all of my people, we were an amazing team and I loved all of them. I feel as though I've lost my family.

Over the past month and a half I've sunk into a deep depression the likes of which I have not felt in years. 
I stay up all night and sleep all day the way I did in my teens. It takes everything in me just to vacuum the apartment, or make dinner, enough so that these small things feel like a triumph for me currently. My fiance is aware of the issues but never really knows how to help, and thus is not very good at picking up my slack. He's not very happy at work right now and hasn't been for awhile and I guess his boss is starting to notice that he's been "distant" lately and tried to blame this on my not working currently (despite not taking in any of my financial responsibilities, I have savings and have not expected him to take on more financially) and his "stresses at home". He apparently told her that he's just not feeling motivated at work anymore and that it's not me, but the fact that anyone would put blame on me triggered something inside me.

We go into a fight about the way I've been feeling two days ago, and my feeling very alone right now, and haven't really spoken since. I've stayed up all night playing games on my phone both days and slept 2-3 hours each day while he's at work but no more than that. My brain is scattered and I feel like I have no one to talk to. I often go into Facebook and look at who is active and try to bring myself to reach out to somebody but I always chicken out. I don't speak to my family and wouldn't reach out to them. I barely even know what's wrong anymore but I feel so broken, empty and alone. I cut myself for the first time in 4 years last night. I tried to leave today, left my ring on his night stand, packed a bag and went to my moms but didn't want to leave my cats and my home so I came back and we still haven't spoken. I didn't tell my mom why I was there and she didn't ask questions and I would never talk to her about any of this, we don't have that kind of relationship. I just don't know what to do with myself anymore.

I'm sorry for how disjointed this is, I can't seem to control my thoughts right now and the sleep deprivation is keeping things pretty scattered.