I want to hurt myself but I know I can't, please helpI'm 22, my parents have mental health problems and are abusive (mother has aspergers and NPD, father has moderate autism). I have had severe anxiety and depression my whole life, I was raped when I was 15, and I've had various addictions and on-off self harm since I was about 12. When I was 17 this guy 10 years older than me persuaded me to run away to america and live with him, I stayed there for about 3 months and was high the whole time, locked in his house and helping him deal drugs (I was really happy at the time though). Nothing really helped me because nobody knew what my home life was like due to my mother's lies and manipulation (the house was always filthy, she fed us rotten food so I was always sick, she destroyed my self esteem, she tells me I hate her and want my family to die if I don't do what she wants, when my dog died she threw her body in the kitchen bin and left her to rot for days, and when my gran died last year my mother didn't give her a funeral, and told the crematorium to just throw the ashes away with the other rubbish.) I met my partner before uni, and he promised me that I would never have to go home again, so when I finished uni 6 months ago I moved in with him. I cut off all contact with my parents, but since my mother is my partner's boss, she's been stalking me and harassing him and the other staff, trying to find some way of speaking to me. He's trying to get a business of his own off the ground so we can finally have enough for him to quit, so he works constantly, he's stressed and tired and he shouldn't have to deal with my problems. I work 9-5 as a cold-caller on minimum wage, but my temp agency fucked me over and I haven't actually been since last year. We're in debt and we're so poor that can just about afford food but nothing else, we're not on benefits, and I've lost so much weight that my clothes don't fit, and they're so old theyr'e falling apart, so people treat me like a homeless girl when im on the street. I have to walk everywhere, my shoes don't fit me and I'm always cold. We waste whatever money we have on weed, and my boyfriend doesn't know it but I smoke so much I'm almost always high. It's the only thing that can get me through the day at work, and when im at home I'm always bored and lonely so I smoke then as well. I'm receiving 'therapy' every 2 weeks and im on 150 mg/day sertraline, although ive only just got my prescription filled today and havent been on it last two days. I love my boyfriend more than I've ever loved anyone, and I know he loves me more than I love myself. He's my only reason to live. My mental health has been getting worse and worse though, and i've been struggling for so long, and I'm so sick of everything but especially myself. I listen to myself whining and crying and complaining and I hate myself, I just wish I could meet myself in the street so I could fucking kill myself. My boyfriend deserves better, and I know that if I died, it would hurt him for a long time but one day he'll find a woman just like me only healthy, and he'll finally get the person he deserves. I believe in reincarnation so a tiny part of me believes that if I die I can have another chance at everything, and not make the same mistakes that led to all my problems. If I die soon I can grow old enough to find him again before he dies. I know it's not politically correct or whatver to say this but I truly believe 100% that everything that happened to me was my fault. I got raped because I purposefully did enough md, ketamin and shots (at the same fucking time) to basically paralyse myself, and I couldn't say no when the guy I'd been flirting with all night raped me. That's kind of what I expected to happen, and it's because of me. I wanted to get 'abducted' to America and that guy was technically a rapist too, but he wasn't a bad person. I've been a criminal most of my life, I used to enjoy stealing from my friends, dealers, shops etc just because. I lie to everyone, sometimes for no reason. I'm only telling the truth here because you guys can't find me. I just think I deserve to die, and that's why I don't have a choice. I mean, i'm too weak to do anything to help myself but nobody else will help me, and it's right that they shouldn't because I don't deserve help. I was crying so much earlier I couldn't breathe so I took a knife and tried to cut myself but it was too blunt. it scratched me though and I started freaking out, because it was right next to my old scars and i was just picturing the look on my boyfriend's face when he notices it. He would do anything to help me, but he just doesn't understand why I'm always suffering and he never will. I would never want him to know what this is like. Since I met him he's started smoking weed and he's as dependent on it as I am almost. His family are perfect and loving, and they're just the kindest, most down to earth people in the world. I want to fit in with them but I know I never can. He's a good person and I'm not. So I know I can't do anything , because I could never hurt him, but I also know it's the right thing to do and to be honest I just don't want to be me anymore. My dad's father killed himself and my aunt on my mum's side has always been suicidal, so it runs in the family. My family are all fucking horrible people, they're all addicts, all mentally ill. I don't want to offend anyone but I just don't see the point in me even being like 'oh but ill have a baby and raise it so it's good and then i'll have something to live for' because even my genes will fuck it up. I would never put another little girl through what I've been through. If I ever had a baby it would be my boyfriend's and he doesn't deserve to have to raise a fucked up kid. There's a problem in my brain that nobody can fix, so why should I use my fucking brain? It doesn't do me any good. If I died then I'd have a better chance at a happy life I think.