Can't get out of financial debt. Thinking about suicide.Hello /r/SuicideWatch

I have been a lurker so far, but as of today, I would like to express my feelings...somewhere. Better here, than telling my family.

I'm 27 and from Germany. My depressions and other psychological issues (including being afraid of meeting people, low self-esteem etc) have been a culprit since 11 years now, I tried to commit suicide a couple times already. First time, when I was 17, last time when I was 19.

I have been in Therapy around 6 times by now (I can't really recall the correct number), switched between several anti-depressants and the Medical Officer I had an appointment with last year, diagnosed me as being "Unable to work for an unknown time" and signed the papers.

Since then, and this is really stupid, I compensated this with spending a good amount of money for Gifts for my Family. Ranging from Cigarettes, Sweets etc to PC Games, just to make them happy and kind of feel a bit better inside.

Anway,

This now led to the situation, that my Bank Account is overdrawn. I was able to do this, since I had a small job for a year, where I had an income of roughly 400€, the amount you are allowed to earn over here without having to pay taxes. It was a Home-Office Job. I had to get up at 8 in the morning and work for 4 hours a day. Not that much and I was able to pull it off.

The Bank then gave me a Credit limit of 1200€.

I lost the job after this one year, because the company had to "restructure". Meh, they nearly went bankrupt, that's why.

This is what really downed me (next to several other things, like being single and having a lot of old friends around me in a relationship, one of my brothers married).

I'm still living at home and have to deal with it, that my Mom has to take care of me, help me financially, but I just can't ask her for a full 1200€ paycheck to help me even out my bank account.

I just don't know anymore on how to cope with the depression, low self-esteem, the mistakes I made and that I actually kind of did everything to make me get into this situation.

I really wish, there would be a quick way to end it right now, without pain, since I don't want to feel pain anymore.

Is there such a way?