Pain, Rage and Absoulte GriefI'm happy to report after all my struggles in life that I finally see that light. Through everything I been up against by being bullied, belittled, being told by most of my teachers telling me I won't get far in life due to my speech impediment, the Lost of a lover and said blame of thier death , abandoned and betrayed by people who I thought were my friends, my true friends being forced to move due to circumstances and no way in the past to communicate with them, my parents divorce , the feeling that I was a burden to others and deserved nothing and finally a mind set that was so horrible that I didn't care about my life or the life's of others with the toxic thoughts of (why should I kill my self when I can this kill the ones who caused all my pain and rage). That I was finally able to over come it all in my 18 years of life . I finally found my passion in life and will do everything to pursue it. I recently found my determination to try in school again and have fully reconnected with my family that I was emotional distance for a while. I've cut any remaining toxic relationship and have distance my form them. After all my grief , rage and pain I can say that I can truely move forward with my life . But I was asked if I could change anything would I in the past I would have said yes but know it would be a absolute no for all of it has shaped who I am and made me want to make sure that no one else would have to face what I had to go through. If I can I want to make some that will comfort people in their times of need. With all of that said I'm leaving this community and I wish those who have been struggling to not succumb to their own demons. Then once you conquered them keep moving forward. Finally to those who believe they are to weak don't do it if you do you'll never know what life could of been I know it's hard now but I promise that it will get better and to the people who lost the battle to thier inner demons I wish that they found thier peace.