If we’re all gonna die, why try to live? Feels like it’s not worth it to try anymore (long vent).It feels weird to post on here because it feels like I’m far from actually killing myself but I just can’t stop not wanting to live and I don’t have friends so I’m sharing here...


I keep thinking that if we are all going to die what is the point of living? I understand life is a journey and I used to really enjoy that journey, write your own life outlook thing but now I can’t help but find everything so meaningless. Like everything worth living for, if you zoom out enough is just nothing. It means nothing. I miss that passion and zest for life I used to have. I don’t care about being happy I just want a purpose back or rather the ability to see life as I used to see it. I want to get out of this dark mindset but it never goes away and it’ll always be here. I have to fucking cope forever and I hate it! 

I keep falling in and out of this. Sometimes I’m good and motived but then other times I don’t wash or do much of anything. I hate it. I hate how lazy and unproductive I am. The only thing that helps is self harm. And even that isn’t always helpful. I tried talking in the beginning but I’m learning people really don’t wanna hear about all this. They lie and say you can talk to them but the they get upset at you for talking (yeah I know people have lives and stuff and I’m not the fucking sun but just set fucking boundaries. Just tell me you care about what I have to say but just aren’t in a place to listen effectively and I’ll be fucking fine with that! Instead people blow up at me making me feel like a fucking burden or fucking ghost me. I hate people sometime!) So now I try to keep to myself as much as I can or post on here occasionally. 

I just don’t wanna live like this anymore. I’m so tired of the ups and downs. I’m so tired of being fucking depressed. I wish I could die because I don’t wanna do this anymore but people in my life are selfish and want me to stay around regardless of how shitty things are for me. That and what if I try to off myself and mess up? Then my life would be even worse. 

Sorry this is so long and I don’t really care if anyone reads this or not. I’m just so fucking tired and sad and needed to vent.