I’m scared of myself.I’ve wrote this out 3 times.
I don’t want any judgements, please.
Where to even begin... I’m 22, almost 23. I used to be very athletic. My nickname is the “Phoenix” because I have always somehow pulled myself from the ashes. But how do you save yourself when you’re decaying in your own body? Literally.
2017 changed my life, 2018 did as well...I was in a very bad car accident, so bad I was airlifted. But 2019... 60+ days in hospital between April-November. I lost the use of my legs in June, and had to relearn to walk. I still can BARELY walk, my foot has never regained feeling. In July, I was told I was going down hill fast (I’m chronically ill and have more conditions than ingredients in fake food- little morbid joke), and I got the life expectancy of 45-50... If I’m lucky.
I used to be very independent, and I still kept that spirit. But than, October came.. And a flu-like illness and a spinal leak almost killed me. I was literally on the edge of death. My body isn’t putting up fights anymore.
But somehow I’m here. I know I have so much to offer the world but when your body is your biggest enemy and what happened to me in June can happen at ANY time and your body is wasting away it takes a toll on your mind.
I’m in 2 very serious court cases against people/company I cannot say much about.
Between that, a ticking time bomb my body has become, pain, so much physical pain, becoming a shell of who I was. Knowing I will never be a parent, knowing anything can happen at any time, the mental toll of legal things, hospital bills, family problems...
Everyone tells me I’m strong, brave, inspirational, but inside I don’t feel that way. I feel weak, I feel scared, I feel like a burden.
Yes I knew in the summer some people get less time.
Yes I know not many people could be in my shoes.
Going from a spunky person who nothing could stop me, to being disabled and dependent on others, operation after operation.
“I’m sorry there’s not much we can do except help you as things go on”, “We cannot fix this and we are sorry.”,
“Eventually you will need a feeding tube”,
My body is my biggest challenge and has caused me to be so confused.
I feel like I need to finish my court things and than I want to go. I know it’s selfish, recently I began to self harm again.
Because that pain, I can control. For once I’m in control.
Yes I’m in help. Yes I’m professionals for my mental state.
But I hate this. Being controlled by medication, doctor visits, and a body who can turn against me more than it is scares me to bring me back to being more crippled.
I want to live. When I dream, there’s no wheelchairs, no walkers.
Let me ask you this, close your eyes and imagine being on a beach and feeling that sand under your feet.
The smallest things of freedom, if you’re young appreciate it. 
The feeling to run, dance, hike, go out with your friends..Appreciate it. I wish I knew before I got so sick, and I look back and go, “Damn I’m happy I did that before this.”.
I want to LIVE, so why do I want to die?
I don’t want to leave my friends and family, I want to leave me which I cannot escape.
But I’m afraid there’s nothing when we die.
I’ve had 12 friends die, but if something happened to my mother, or grandfather I am afraid of that even though it’s life.

My point is, I’m afraid. Maybe reading a small smudge of my story can make someone appreciate how beautiful the body is. How beautiful health is and how that is the most valuable thing.
You see even as I type this my fingers are dislocating, as I type this from a hospital home (where you go when you are sick and low on funds but must be near the hospital) I want you all to play in the sun, do things you’ve never done.
Always reply to messages from friends, never tell people/family things you regret.
I’ve met so many people through being sick that have supported me because they believe in me.

But right now.. I don’t. I smile but inside I scream you’re biggest lie is that you’re okay.
I’m a kinder person, the smallest things now are the biggest.
But I’m scared.
I’m scared of death, but I’m scared of myself.
It’s hard, I’m only alive because I don’t want to hurt everyone who has truly stepped in when others have stepped out.
In so many ways I’m blessed. I wish my body could love me like others do.
I want to make it to where I can tell me story and help people, but right now I’m so physically weak and mentally exhausted.
I’m grateful, but I’m in so much pain.
I’m trying to get justice for those who have hurt me in so many ways.
Hug more. Love more. Do things you’d never imagined you do. Dance. Sing.
I’m suicidal, but I’m afraid of it. I’m afraid of me.
I know I’m a good person otherwise I wouldn’t have the people around me I do.
I still have hope and hope I’ll rise from these ashes even if my wings are broken... that’ll I’ll stand.
Your body is your greatest tool. Love it.
I know this is long and I don’t need to hear the generic “this too shall pass”, maybe these emotions but I’m chronically ill and there’s things in life, no we cannot control.
So control what you can. 
Whether I die from my body or my own hand, I’m not sure. But I’m gonna keep trying until I literally can’t.
But... I’m scared.
Thankyou.