Intrusive Thoughts of Self-Harm and Suicide, along with a calm feeling that my life is worthlessI am 26 year-old grad student. I have long had anxiety (bouts of OCD, anorexic symptoms, panic attacks, and some social anxiety). In 2012, I experienced my first serious depressive episode, in part triggered by an abusive supervisor. But, I got through that! I thought I was cured. I though it would never happen again.

Now, here I am again. For the first time, my depression and anxiety are having tangible and measurable effects on my life. I am missing meetings, classes, and deadlines. My performance is not up to my usual standards. I used to be able to keep my anxieties and depression hidden, and segment it from the rest of my life. But not now. 

I look around and see so many capable, wonderful, kind, and intelligent people. I see people around me who are valuable, who are making a difference. And over the course of the past few months, I have come to the conclusion that I am worthless. I can never contribute anything significant -- not even to one single person. Any of my friends could have a better friend than me. My partner could have a better partner than me. My discipline has better scholars than me. I add nothing. I am worthless, and no matter how hard I try, I cannot improve. I don't want to be the best, it is okay if I am not the best, I will never be the best. BUT, I want to be of some value to someone or something. But I am not. 

For the past few months, intrusive thoughts of self harm and suicide have plagued my mind. Sometimes, I can barely see through the fog of these negative thoughts. And, I have hurt myself. Worse than I had in the past.  

The more I think about my life, the more pointless and meaningless it seems. The main thing stopping me from ending things now is my partner and my family. I never want to hurt them, and loosing me would hurt them. But in the end, I do not think I truly add something valuable to their life. 

In case you are wondering, I am in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, and tried taking various SSRIs (antidepressants), but they had horrid side effects for me. 

I am sorry to be so negative. I just feel like I need to express these feelings. Thank you for reading and for your support. 

Warmly, 
Lady B.  