I don't know where to ask for help. I'm not exactly suicidal, but I'm not exactly not.This is very fragmented, I'll try not to ramble too much. The current incarnation of my issues stem from a political and social awareness of the situation presently occurring in the US. I'm not stating which side in an attempt to avoid derailing the nature of the issue.  Why these things are a problem and the decline of my mental health stems from an idiosyncrasy in my nature; I'm a sadist. I have a driving need for violence that many years of effort have allowed me to keep mostly at bay. This causes the occasional psychotic episode but I can usually feel those coming on and isolate myself to minimize damage. But the violent tendencies and urges are always there, and literally the first thing that comes to mind in any situation even remotely confrontational.

&amp;#x200B;

Since almost every interaction in regards to the unrest seems to devolve in some way to a confrontation, my violent urges are growing at an alarming rate, to the point I fear I'm actually radicalizing. All I can think anymore is "Not killing them hasn't worked, so let's go the other way." I'm still repressing all this but it's starting to do some intense damage, and I find my thoughts now drifting towards self destruction just as a way to shut my stupid fucking brain up. Suppose it bears noting that I and I are not friends and casual suicide is never all that far back from my thoughts either, it's just not as loud as the other stuff. The aforementioned psychotic episodes always contain a section where I'm going back and forth between a desire to destroy myself vs everything else. 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm very tired and worn at this point, and I don't know what to do. That's not entirely accurate I suppose, I could just insulate myself against current events and hope they die down, but that's not really how things are looking. Plus I'll get mad at myself for that too since for reasons I'm clear on, I consider inaction worse than action. I'm just feeling damned on all sides I guess, trapped with easily my own worst enemy. As I said, I'm not exactly suicidal I don't think, as I don't particularly want to kill myself, but oblivion is increasingly appealing.