I don't believe the world's going to end, but I want it... badly!Here's my story and I really need help.

I dropped out of college about 6 years ago or so, the got a job working in retail. ever since then my life has been on a complete stand-still.
to make it worse my then-girlfriend broke up with me the day I started there.

Ever since the my life has been on a complete stand-still.
I never really liked the job, but didn't make an effort to get something else or go back to school. I always lied when they asked me about that.

This last year my father pushed me to go work for an office near him with an school/work combo (4 days work, 1 day of school). So I gave in and quit my retail-job, making november my last month there. I've been working that new job almost 2 weeks now and while the atmosphere there is good and the co-workers are nice. it's not what i want, i'm absolutely under-quallified as of right now and I'm not really making any progress. The Office to school communication is horrible so this afternoon I got a call saying I can start in december, but now I have to go a full month doing a job I don't really know how to do and just filling my days doing nothing (what I'm sure my boss is not going to be happy about)

I don't like it but here's the kicker, everybody (and I mean EVERYBODY) I know is proud of me doing so. 
I hate it that I have to give up doing fun stuff for setting an alarm clock at 6am.

That's one part, the other is that I have almost no self-confidence any more, I try to hide it towards friends, but towards everybody else I try to pass it off as being lazy. 

My family is breaking up, my father is an egocentric narcissist and getting all of us in financial trouble, when my mother tries to talk to him she always ends up in tears, where she in turn would come to me crying and asking me for advice (this has been going on for about 7 years, my father lives on his own but yet they are still married)
only other family I have left is my 2 cousins, but their parents (my mother's sister) and that whole side have completely broken ties with my mother, yet I still hang out with them.

Everything I do for fun is eventually coming back to bite me in the ass, making me feel like I'm the embodyment op Murphy's law.
Every girl I kinda like always walks out with some other guy (and even other girls) even before I have the chance to say how I feel (can u already see my confidence fading?)
I don't have the money to start a life of my own, my whole body is fucked up and I'm pretty sure I don't have insurance.

I'm too scared to turn my life around in a positive way and I also pass that off for lazyness. I alway lie to save face, I don't have anyone to talk to about this stuff.
When I get drunk I get depressed and splurr it all out, buzzkilling multiple parties

It has come to a point where I truly believe my death can help others get back together, or at least my families.
now here's my anxiety, I'm too scared that real suicide doesn't help everything, that's why I want an accident, a disease, something that isn't tracable back to me for really wanting it. 
Cutting isn't helping me, although I desperatly want that feeling back (Haven't cut in over 4 years) and I can't physically cry myself to sleep anymore.

I'm not afraid of dying, yet Im terriffied with living everyday.

tl;dr I want out, but I'm too scared to do it myself