[rant] I am going to die tomorrowI suggest you don't read this or reply as it is too late for me and I probably will not read any replies anyways. It is a waste of your time.

I have wanted to die for a long while now. I think my time has finally come. I was going to kill myself, and tomorrow was an opportunity to do this. However, I probably am not going to try. I have this feeling that I will not survive tomorrow anyways, so it does not matter. I definitely will not make much of an effort to survive the day. I guess it is for the best. I think God has wanted me dead for a while now. I am sorry to all those I have wronged throughout my life. I really am. And judging by my lack of friends, this is a lot of people. I have tried hard this year to be a better person, and choose a more selfless path in life. It appears I have failed, as my life keeps getting worse and worse. I cannot live like this any longer. This world is not for me. Ever since my concussion seven years ago, my life has went downhill. I’ve been depressed for seven years and no one has ever known except me. I have never been the same, and no matter how hard I try I will never be the same. I have tried to find something wrong with me by seeing the doctor and such to see if I can find something to fix, but I am “perfectly healthy”. Apparently I am not even suffering from depression! The problem must then be with me and my personality, and the only solution is death. I have tried so hard to help people this last year, but evidently it is not enough. I make too many mistakes. I am too dumb and socially awkward to function in society any longer. People are always angry at me and I can never figure out why. I am simply bad at interacting with others. From this, I can conclude that I do not deserve to be alive and the majority of people who know me in any way agree with this. I do not want my death to be a big deal as my intention is to disappear from this world. I am not worth any mourning or sadness. I just want to be buried and forgotten. A funeral is not needed. I have lost so many friends. Anybody who tries to be my friend, I ignore. I get nervous and anxious so easily, and I cannot seem to fix this. I am so sorry to all my friends who I have lost, and the ones that still call me friend, if there are any. So many hate me now, and I hate me too, for reasons that I can now see make total sense. I forgive all those who have harmed me or bullied me in any way. These people are all more successful than me, and that is because they have been better people than me. I am a horrible human being, and no matter how hard I try it will stay that way. I cannot dig myself out of this hole, and because of my past actions no one will help me. I am alone. It seems that everyone I know goes away in the end. I have tried to make friends this year but my reputation is too low. I can look around my school and many other places and point out so many who I once called me friend, but no longer talk to me. This is 100% my fault. Although in the past I have blamed them, I blame myself now. As my mental state declines my respect for all people has grown. I now see that all people are indeed created equal. I have embraced both communism and religion, especially Christianity. I did this in my efforts to try and improve others lives instead of my worthless and already-ruined life. Of course, I did not have much experience in this, so these efforts have also failed. You of course do not need a political ideology or religion to do this, but I have used them to assist me in my attempts to be nicer to others and improve the lives of all people, no matter their background or opinions. I have not come to the conclusion of whether or not people are inherently good or bad, but all people can be made good. However, maybe I cannot. I don’t know, what am I even going on about. The bottom line is that I have failed others, and for this I have been punishing myself these last few months. Nevertheless, I see that these punishments are not harsh enough. The punishment I deserve is death, probably worse than death. And tomorrow, capital punishment will be justly carried out by God’s hand against the evil human that is me. 

If I somehow survive I will reply in a few days. Not that anyone cares. Sorry.
