I've done everything I canI've been going to therapy on and off since 5 years old. I've gone through multiple inpatient and outpatient programs. I've been prescribed almost 40 medications related to mental illness. I've been diagnosed with depression, anxiety, PTSD, and borderline personality disorder. I'm 23, and I've felt like my life has been leading to suicide since I was 8. That's more than half my life now, and those feelings are the only consistent thing about me. I don't want anything, and it makes it so hard to hold on.

I've barely left the house for nearly 8 months now. I've cut off all my friends, partly due to the 'splitting' tendencies caused by BPD, but more because I realized I've only surrounded myself with people who bring me further stress. I don't talk to my extended family, I chased them for years looking for approval, only to realize how twisted they were. My dad passed away from overdose when I was 2. My mom is a depressed alcoholic suffering from PTSD. She's emotionally checked out, and can't be bothered to get out of bed and off her phone unless it's to go to the bar or work. Honestly, it feels like I never had a parent, just a husk of a person who kept a roof over my head. I feel nothing but pity, and bottled up rage towards her. She's had another kid, with a man who ruined our lives, despite her inability to act like a proper guardian. I love my sibling, but I also see a similar childhood to I mine unfolding  in front of me and it's heartbreaking. She even stated how she didn't want the child, but she doesn't believe in abortion. I'm not against anyone's religious beliefs, but her views and actions are so warped I makes me wonder how in denial she is about taking responsibility for her own actions. 

It's feels like I'm completely trapped. I've spent so much of my life going through the motions, accomplishing things just because they're expected of me. I've had brief moments of joy, but they had undertones of anxiety and dread. Last year I graduated from a trade school, and made many friends and found myself feeling more confident, and left a toxic relationship. But it fell apart quite quickly, and I found all those friends were temporary, and the trade wasn't something I even wanted. The ex I left came in once again while I was vulnerable, just so they could leave me. Really, I'm just too tired from dealing with all that effort socializing to say I miss any of it. 

These past few months I've made myself get help, I forced myself to go out with 'friends', I've even moved halfway across the country to get away from my mother, a huge trigger for me. But I'm still in the same headspace. I'm still just wanting to make everything end. Sometimes I think I should push on just because, why not? Maybe something good will happen. But, I've had good happen. And it's entirely dissatisfying.

I feel like my life should've been given to another person, someone who could've been more grateful or motivated. I can't even say it's been a bad life, it's just been an endless stream of stress for me. I know there's a different perspective I could have, I know there's plenty I could do with the opportunities I've been blessed with. But there would be no sense of contentment in it for me. I can't relax, I can't appreciate. I can only recognize that things really aren't so bad, and sit with the feelings of dread and guilt that follow. 

I cannot experience peace, and I'm exhausted.