I want to live but small problems make me suicidali'm 18. i'm on therapy since 2 months. i have a psychatrist too, i tried anti-depressants but actually they made me puke so now i'm waiting for my appointment to see my doctor and get new meds or whatever.

actually i feel that anti-depressants are useless to me. i have no depression... i have kinda 'depressed episodes' (i'm not bipolar for sure) but i have no depression. actually my life would be okay... i was really depressed last summer but now i would be okay with my life BUT i can't be okay because my mind is sick. 

let me explain... in life you face a lot of smaller-bigger problems, difficulties. most of the people easily get rid of these things, ofc almost everyone nervous or scared of these sometimes but i'm on another level... whenever i have to face with something what i don't want to face, i want to kill myself and it's not just the feeling but i really feel that i have to do it and sometimes i plan it and try it. i always turned back because i realized that i don't want to die i just don't want to face with the problem. but there are times when i'm really dangerous and always the luck what saves me from doing some shit. 

for example now.. i have to take my graduate exams next week. and that's why i'm suicidal. i'm so anxious about it, death sounds better than learning and fighting. i decided that if i fail i'm going to do it, i'll kill myself. actually like i said i always had luck.. i always get over these problems without trying to get over them. but i'm sure i'll have a problem what i couldn't be able to get over and that time i'll kill myself, maybe next week. because i didn't learn too much, i was busy planning my suicide and destroying my body.

like i said i don't want to die. i just want to stop facing with bad things, and under bad things i mean so easy and so ridiculous things like being late from the cinema or just simply have to go to work on a day when i don't want to. i don't get how people can get over these and how they don't cut themselves and crying and having panic attacks whenever their bus driver didn't say 'hello' back? 

what could i do? i hate myself because of this and people always think i'm just joking when i say i want to kill myself because i have to take an oral exam next week. but no, i'm serious.