Frankly, I don't know what to do anymoreI've been thinking about death, about killing myself. A lot. So many different methods, brainstorming and thinking of which one would be most efficient and work best for me. I've decided that my best way to go would be overdosing on Benadryl, possibly getting drunk beforehand, fastening a bag on my head and hoping that I'm unconscious when I run out of air. I dream of it, imagine it, it's like it haunts me while still being some kind of twisted fantasy. 
I know why I'm so fucked up. I've been in therapy for almost 3 years, which has made a miniature dent in the issues I have. Here's a bit of backstory.
First off, my dad abandoned my mother and I before I was born. Things weren't bad yet but this will play an important part later in life. 
My mom met my now ex-stepdad when I was 3 or 4. He was really nice at first, treating me like his own daughter. After my brother was born and I grew older, he changed drastically. I don't want to go into too much detail but let's just say years 7-15 were a mix of emotional, physical, and sexual abuse. My father died when I was 10 and he did his best to beat the tears out of me.
When I was 15, I got the courage and support to  report him. Went to trial 2 years later, he was slapped with 74 years in prison. If you have the right keywords, there are plenty of articles that can detail what went on.

I still haven't recovered from all that. They say actually holding them accountable and standing up to your abuser strengthens you and helps you heal. For me, I just feel weaker and weaker. I tried killing myself over a fucking guy like four months ago. 
I'm trying my best to get better but I'm so fucking done. I feel my mental health crumbling more and more every single day. I've been diagnosed with a chronic condition and live every day in pain. I'm so ready to give up, I have the materials, I have notes written to those I love. I fear that I'm just annoying if I reach out too often, so I'm near giving up on that too.

I'm sorry for the long post, I've been losing it more and more recently and I just don't really care for my future anymore.

Sorry for poor formatting, this was written on mobile.