I need some advice.Okay this is a long and complicated story so please bare with me.

My parents had been together for 20 years (although never married) and split two years ago.  This was because my dad cheated on her while on a trip, he is a trucker, with someone 30 years younger then him. He didn't just cheat on her but started a relationship with this woman. My mom got really mad, started drinking again and got really depressed.  

She started filing papers to separate but my dad broke it off with this woman and they got back together.  Turned out he had lied and just flown this woman down to our city and put her up at a hotel.  My mom found out again and started calling him 200 times a day yelling at him.  Yelling at him whenever she saw him.  Everyone had told my mom to seperate from my dad, including me but she didn't.  The reason was that we were/are in a large amount of debt and she was afraid if she did divorce him, there wouldn't be enough money to pay for my schooling along with my two siblings.  

My dad than moved out and rented an apartment with this 19 year old girl, who I met once and seemed nice enough but I am pretty sure her motives for being with my dad was/is money since my dad took her from the slums.  My mom would still call him dozens of times a day and yell at me and my siblings for siding with him. 

I have to say, my siblings continued treating my dad like my dad and my mom like my mom.  I personally hate my dad but continued to treat him as my father for my siblings.  Also for the fact the my dad is the type of person that would just up and leave if no one wanted him around and I was also worried financially.

This is when things start to get complicated and made me dislike my parents as people.  My dad sent this girl back to her home and my mom let him move back in.  The only reason she did so was because she claimed she loved him too much and wanted us to be a family.  However, my dad did not want to move back in to be with her and said on his first day back that he and my mom were over but he would still live there as if nothing happened. 

This went on for a few months and I knew it was headed for disaster.  My mom once again found out he was with another woman, which he admitted to when confronted and claimed that she should have expected it since they were not together.  My mom lost her shit and would yell at him for hours on end, loud enough for the entire neighborhood to overhear.

My dad went from yelling back to just not responding and moved to the 2nd floor apartment which we also own.  

Fuck, I hate them.

For some fucking reason my parents went back to normal with my dad living upstairs.  We would all go to lunch together or to my grandma's house together.  For the fifth fucking time my mom found out that he was with another woman, that same 19 year old.

This all happened over the course of 1.5 - 2 years

Once again she lost her shit and would yell for hours on end at the top of her lungs and call him over 100 times in a day.  That started a few days ago and today my dad is living upstairs and has the woman at some hotel.  My mom keeps yelling nonstop whenever she can, even at me and my siblings.  

If it wan't for my younger brother and sister I would have turned back along time ago and moved far away, I am 19.

This plus all our financial troubles thanks to my dad.  He spent thousands of dollars on these women;in phone calls, gifts, hotel rooms, etc.  It has gotten to the point where we have to sell one of our apartments to pay of all debts and I hope my dad doesn't make any new debts.

Neither of my parents will listen to me.  I am afraid to truly confront my father.  He knows I don't like any of the things he is doing but I am afraid if I yell at him like I want to and tell him how much i truly hate what he is doing he will just up and leave and leave us with no money.

I have gotten past caring about what happens to them.  I think the reason this is affecting me so much is ever since I was a child they would always fight, almost daily, and make me the judge of their fights, they wouldn't even yell at each other, they just tried to convince me that the other is wrong and continues to this day.

I know this doesn't seem like much because I have forgotten and left some details out.  It's not really what is going on that is affecting me its the fighting.  It's been going on my entire life and I just want it to stop but they seem to want to destroy each other now more than ever.  Each of them telling me that they want to leave the other possession-less and defeat them. 

All I really want is for the yelling to stop.