I'm not sure if I'm suicidal or just too ashamed of myself to keep livingI'm a 25 year old PhD student in biology, obvious throwaway account. I just finished my second year of grad school, and I absolutely hate it. I feel worthless and like I can't make a difference or have any impact on other people doing the job I'm doing. I study animal behavior, and I am alone all day in a tiny, dark room watching animals to eventually write and publish a paper that \~7 people will read. It's all so pointless. I came to grad school because I wanted to be a professor\- now I can't see myself doing anything involving teaching or research. It's so hard to get through to students, research is brutal and lonely, writing grants is awful, and all the professors I know \(including my advisor\) are either insane and insanely stressed out. Like, to the point of not leaving the lab until 10pm every night and coming back at 6 in the morning. And the job market for PhD's is soooo bleak... and none of my friends or family really understand what I do as a grad student. I try to explain my daily life and I just get confused looks. 

I've realized recently that I should've been a nurse. I think I would've been happy in that career\- learning about science but still having human interactions and maybe feeling like I'm making  difference. But I feel trapped, like it's too late for me to change careers. Last time I tried to drop out of grad school to do something different, my advisor cried and begged me to stay. I'd be fucking her over if I left. Meanwhile, I'm watching as my friends from college become doctors, lawyers, nurses, veterinarians, successful chefs... I want to be happy for them, but all I feel is bitter jealousy. I had to stop talking to my best friend from college because he is just too successful now. I feel like I must embarrass him. I think I'm smart enough that I could've been something good, but instead I made a bad choice and came to this grad program. I don't even know why I did it. I was just blindly following a path that I thought I wanted, without really considering whether or not it was the best choice. I want to drop out so badly, but I don't think I can. So I feel trapped and I want to die. I deserve to die, too, because I'm 25 and I feel like I haven't accomplished a single thing. Which I know sounds ridiculous\- but it feels that way because I haven't done anything I'm passionate about. 