Is it worth it?I apologize for the rambling in advance. I'm the daughter of a mother with Borderline Personality Disorder and Bipolar Disorder (who is the daughter of a mother with the same afflictions, who died when I was 1) and a father with alcoholism. I am the first person to graduate high school in my immediate family, and I joined the military to pay for college. Still in the military. I have a boyfriend of nearly 7 years that I live with. My boyfriend has severe Clinical Depression that he doesn't treat with medication. He has to be high or drunk to even talk to me. All of his spare time is spent gaming online with friends. Lately, I've been feeling like I want to venture out and sleep with, or talk to other men because my relationship amounts to nothing anymore. I've expressed my concerns with my boyfriend, but he just comes home from work every day, logs onto his computer and talks to his friends while I stay in the bedroom until it's time to go to sleep. Alone. I'm 29 years old, and we've attempted sex once in the past five months or so. I've expressed my concerns, but it is clear now that they don't matter to him. I can't afford to live alone, and neither can he. I'm starting community college classes next month which means I plan to be in this area for at least two more years. I am VERY far from "home".  We have a cat together that we love dearly, but I'm the only one who takes care of her. I feel completely stuck. Do I put up with this level of neglect for two years and plan my exit, or cut my losses now and end it all? I have a plan, but I don't want to be caught by neighbors and I don't want to leave my boyfriend in a financial bind. I also haven't seen my family in about three years, so I should probably sort that out first. Lately I've been feeling like I'm just destined for a shitty life and, try as I might, I'm just not capable of being anything special. I'm in a loveless/sexless relationship, each of my exes married the women they dated after me, and I'm done begging for attention in my relationship. I truly believe it wouldn't make much of an impact if I were gone. My cat is pretty much the only thing keeping me here at this point, plus the fact that I don't want my boyfriend hurting himself. This is a long shot, but... has anyone else been in a situation that is remotely similar to mine? If so, what did you do? Do I create a plan to kill myself? Do I try to start a new life and leave my partner? I don't want children, so really what the fuck does it even matter if I stay or go?