wavesJust a little background. I'm from a mid class family, life was never really tough financially and I have fond memories of my childhood. It feels a bit weird typing this out as usually I'm the one helping/giving advice to others but fuck it, I really need some help this time and I don't know who else to turn to.

For the past few years I have had a very pessimistic outlook on life in general and I'm not sure if I could call it “being depressed” as I have never went to a doctor to get myself diagnosed. But things went sort of ok, I finished high school with a good average and went to college, where I completed my first year with a good average aswell, all while generally feeling down.

But one thing led to another and my family moved to another country, while I stayed in my home country, where the plan was to finish my degree. This however meant, that I'd be living alone for a whole year, which I thought would be great (who wouldn't?).

It's not really important for you to know about my life, but I kinda felt like writing it down anyways.

So basically, I spent the whole year alone. I spent most of the time in my room, thinking about life, not really being productive. I'm going to fail the classes this year for sure, for the first time in my life.

Sorry for the jumps in thought but I guess I could mention that I do have “friends” even tho I consider them to be more of acquaintances, as I never really let anyone get very close to me. I'm the guy that everyone asks for advice regarding their life/relationship/whatever and always has a smile on his face, but never talks about his own problems. I haven't been hanging out with anybody lately tho, mostly because I feel like an actor and a hypocrite most of the time.

Anyway. I think I've overdone my thinking. I guess I have what is commonly refered to as “existential crisis” (I've done my research). 

Honestly, what is the point?

I think it's pretty clear that life has no objective meaning, so what's left is for one to find his own meaning in life. Basically, life is what you make of it, it's pretty simple. Life is a game. A game with a very limited set of rules, a sandbox. But here's my problem: I don't enjoy life. I don't like the game.

The main mechanic of life is the oscillation between the good and the bad e.g. you can't be happy if you've never felt sad. Life is a constant oscillation of ups and downs, think of it as undulation (English is not my main language, so I hope this is the word) or just waves, spreading trough time. I think that's a pretty good representation of life, to be honest.

An interesting thing is that the ups and downs span trough different lengths of time, and can be of different amplitudes – a certain time in human history can be considered a happy period, while it still contained ups and downs of smaller amplitudes (a year with bad harvest, etc.) and it goes on like this into infinity. It's driving me mad.

Basically, I want out. I don't want to be a part of this, I don't think the ups are worth the downs and I don't like the concept of life itself. I just want peace.

Eh I don't even feel like I wrote what I wanted to write but fuck it, I wrote it with the intention of posting it.