I overcame depression before, but now it's different.Let me start this off by letting you know a little bit about me. My dad is a doctor. I have two brothers, and they are both doctors. I am not a doctor. When I was a freshman in college, I experienced depression intense enough that I asked my father for medical advice. I'm not sure how many of you know what it's like to have a doctor for a dad, but it took a long time and a very intense experience for me to hurt enough to ask him for help. Anyway, he helped me. My parents both love me, and always have. They were basically the perfect parents. They provided for me unconditionally and tried to help me in every way they could. Neither of them knew about my problems until I told them outright, and afterward both of them tried to help in any way they could. This post isn't about that.

I am a 23 year old male who lives in the United States. When I was in highschool I had a friend who (unknown to me at the time) had serious self-loathing issues due to sexual and physical abuse over the course of her life. We were good friends in school, and went to the same church. Our parents were friends, and no one (as far as I am aware) that I knew at the time knew that she was having problems. 

When I went to college (I am a year older than she is), our relationship dwindled to infrequent text messages and facebook posts of no real significance ("Happy Birthday," etc.). The next year, after she left high school, I ran into her randomly at a social event for school. We talked for a while and I ended up spending the whole evening in her company. The night ended with us sleeping together. The next morning she confessed to me all of the things that had happened to her when she was a kid. She also told me about all of the things she did while she was growing up (she slept around a lot in high school, and she told me she wanted to kill herself because of the guilt). She told me that she couldn't feel any emotions anymore except guilt and shame. I tried to tell her that she wasn't responsible for all of the shit that happened to her when she was a kid. I told her not to feel guilty about how she was in high school. I told her that her family loved her, and that she was my friend and that I loved her too. I didn't believe in God at the time, but I told her that God loved her too. She laughed at that. I told her that over the last year I had gone through an intense self-analysis and stood up to my own mistakes in life. I told her about many of the things I had done in my life that I felt guilty about. I thought for a long time that I had gotten through to her then, and I felt good about myself for a while.

When we were in high school, my friend's family was as perfect as mine still is. Her parents were together, her siblings were loving and happy. Everything about her was great except for her, but she kept it bottled up and no one knew. She told me I was the first person she had ever told about it. I pushed her that morning to self-evaluate. I asked her to stop pretending there was nothing wrong and try to solve her own problems, because I had discovered in my own life that no one else could solve mine. Because of my influence, she did look into her own life. She forced herself to relive all of the horrible shit that happened to her when she was little, things I knew nothing about, things she had never told anyone. I have since found out about those things from her family and friends (she never knew that they knew, as far as I can tell). And because of what she had been through and I hadn't, or maybe because she was so broken down from the years of self-hate, or for whatever reason is really the whole truth of what happened, she had a psychotic break. She's been in a mental health facility for the last 4 years or so. Her parents are divorced now. Her little sister committed suicide two years ago (I knew her too, before this all happened. She was perfectly happy as far as I could tell). Her older brother won't speak with me. I think she told him what happened.

I'm don't feel guilty for sleeping with a pretty girl that I knew in high school. I know it wasn't me that screwed her up in the first place. Hell, I even know that I was unaware of her issues when I destroyed her life. I know I didn't do it on purpose, but that doesn't change what I did. It doesn't fix her. I broke this woman completely. I shattered her family. I didn't do it on purpose. I'm a moral person. I love people. But I broke her. There is no fixing what I did, she is gone now. Her family is broken forever. I ruined the lives of 5 people because I was careless and horny and self-assured enough to think that everyone was as capable of dealing with reality as I was. 

This is what I have to say to this subreddit: I view myself as a good person. I have always wanted to help people, and I do so as often as I can. I give to charity, I help friends when I can, and I love people. I believe that people are worthy of trust until they prove that they are not. I want people to be better than they are, even though I believe they are essentially good. I want this despite the terrible things I have seen people do to each other. I think I am a good person. I think I am a good man. I believe in God, and I believe in an afterlife. And I hope with all of me that I am wrong. If there is a heaven, I hope I don't go there. I pray for oblivion. I hope the atheists and pragmatists are right. I don't want to live forever with what I've done. My parents believe that people like me can be forgiven for the horrible things we have done. I hope they are wrong. I don't deserve to feel better about myself. I also, obviously, haven't killed myself, and I probably never will. I won't kill myself because I fear that there is a God, and that he will forgive me. I know this post was long, and I'm thankful for those of you who are reading all the way through it. My question is this: What makes you try to help people like me? Why do you want us to keep persisting, if indeed you do? Actually, now that I've typed this whole post, I wonder if this is really even the place for my story. But I'm going to post it, because I've only ever told one other living soul about this and she didn't give me any insight. 