My birthday is tomorrow - it will also be the day I leave this earth for good. Here are my final thoughts. 

To all of you -

I feel as though I can no longer continue to exist and labor in this temporal form. I’ve been fighting my conscious mind since I began to have memories. I’m so tired. Endless cycles of anger, indignance, shame, and ultimately sadness rampage through my mind as I struggle to maintain focus on any one thing. It is this tempest which leads me to negligence, I forget mostly everything in the short term. There are brief moments of clarity. In these moments I cannot see any future where I exist. I have been stumbling through life, knocking things over, hurting people around me ever since I was a child and I can’t do it anymore. I am nothing but a burden on the people who love me. I’ve failed everything and everyone in my path. 

This body, whether it be a vessel for a spirit, or exclusively flesh, is weak. This reality is visible on my face. If you look hard enough, you can see it in the crows feet, the newly developing wrinkles, my eyes that have sunken in. I worry about this, so I hide. I can’t allow the world, or the people around me, to see the terminal nature of my path. Would you have intervened if you knew this was going to happen? You would because you are a good person. I am not. If my mind is the sum of its parts, then it is a beached jellyfish, aimless and rotting. A Manowar that might have been formidable had it not been swept ashore by the storm. 

There used to be nothing, as far as I know. The arrow of time began with seething temperature and density. Everything that exists was flung out in every direction, through time. The universe has been observing itself since then. Collapsing waveforms into certainty with each tiny measurement. There are things out there that are incomprehensible to me. The Sun, for instance. I can’t begin to understand even how large it is, and yet it is mostly responsible for my existence. For all I know the very iron in my blood was once iron molecules, born in the nuclear furnace of the Sun’s core, and flung out as coronal ejecta. I am not even certain that I exist. I cannot ascertain how much of my perceived reality is objective or trustworthy. What I experience as sight is really an interplay between how fundamental particles interact with the world and my eyes. All of this takes place in the mind, my subconscious mind constructs the world around me and I accept this as gospel truth. Am I a transient body in a world of mass? 

How do I exist? The profundity of consciousness and of experience is not lost on me. Consciousness is an abstraction to me, yet it is intrinsically me. A vast network of neural connections, electricity, and neurotransmitters congeal into my conscious experience. My synapses like the gates in a CPU, passing bits of data throughout. I can’t help but notice a vast symmetry in this world. It’s right there on my peripherals, just within my grasp, and without. The network of veins in my hands, the roots of an old tree, the flow of electricity, a crack of heat lighting through the sky. Energy follows the path of least resistance, life does too.

I live with my head submerged just below the surface of this reality. I am relatively certain of my place, and of the significance of my being. Can you picture your gift of sight as it truly occurs? Try to imagine trillions of photons screaming through the atmosphere, interacting with the trillions of electrons within the fabric of reality around you, and finally reaching your mind as a clear picture. Suddenly the TV does not appear to be the inanimate time killer you once knew it to be. Suddenly the world is less prosaic. You contain microcosms, multitudes, as Whitman said. Tiny worlds of quantum interactions, interactions of baryonic matter, interactions of chemistry, interpersonal interactions with beings just as vast as you. You do not end there. You exist within the minds of everyone who has ever known you. That notion of you, the memory, is shaped by the synapses of the beings who have experienced you. 

So why then does this black hole continue to spin and consume me? Is this depression the infinite gravity that even the splendors and wonders of this reality cannot escape? A nebula is beautiful, but a nebula is mostly empty space. Gas and other particulates in an empty space. The light that once radiated out from me is receding, drifting further beyond the event horizon. I feel that I have nothing left but fumes. So the suffering that I experience is now too the problem of those closest to me. The empty space within me pulling them inside. How can I continue to burden these people? Better to cause a short burst of extensive pain now, so that they can heal and mend their lives away from me, than continue to corrupt them. 

I am a shameful, corrupt, liar. An imperfect being. I can’t pull a mirror to my face for any period of time, I don’t want to see what’s reflected back. A life that was systematically destroyed by me. I’ve gone too far and have nothing to show for it, except for the people whose lives have been forever marred by my existence. This is the best decision for the people in my life. I know this will hurt them, but in the future, they will be okay, more so without me. And so the lamprey abandons its prey so that it may swim off as independently as it possibly could. I hope that the damage I have caused can be mended. Maybe it’s cowardice and I’m shirking off the responsibility of my actions. I say its mercy as I know that I am a source of pain and frustration for those I deeply care for.

Does it all end here? Is it blackness from here on out? Blackness would imply some kind of agency of thought or experience, but I cannot comprehend nothingness. All I’ve ever known is myself. From the beginning of time until now, all I’ve ever known is life and my own identity. Maybe there is something else for “me”. On a long enough timeline, given sufficient energy and technology, do you think that an intelligence could become so infinitely vast that it contains an entire universe itself? Can a gulf of data, as deep and as wide as the gulf of space itself, resemble a primordial soup? I believe that the arrow of time represents an underlying will, it marches forward generating abundance and variety. Eventually, life developed into complex beings with wills of their own, and I believe the arrow of humanity points in the same direction as that of time. 

Are we building God? Are we building the machine that will eventually create us? Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic, said Clarke. So if such a future is inevitable, is this where I will again arise in the dataset? Is this the wishful thinking of a suicidal man? 

I saw the universe in the eyes of my newborn son. I could feel a radical shift in my mind, a rewiring. Colors were brighter. The logic underpinning everything more immediately apparent to me. In that moment everything seemed to make sense, it was as though an epoch of intrinsic, unconscious knowledge was given to me. I cannot recall my mode of thought or worldview before this event. I am so terribly and tremendously sorry for leaving you, son. It is shameful, and you deserve the right to hate me, but please hear what I’m saying. Everything that you are, every particle, is made up of something that doesn’t even technically exist. 

Scale everything down, beyond molecules, beyond atoms, beyond baryonic matter, beyond quarks, and what you have is essentially nothing. A vibration. Many vibrations, so many that your skull would rupture if you could grasp the totality of it. What determines the amplitude of these vibrations is anyone’s guess. It is God. A God that you cannot comprehend because while it is conscious, it is unlike anything you could know. It is the field that instructs and arranges every particle in the universe into the many forms that matter can take. Who’s to say that every effort expended by the universe thus far hasn’t been to create you? Or me? If things are so deterministic, perhaps this is what I was always meant to do. 

I can take solace in knowing that I had a task and that the task is done. Create another being, write this letter, and go away. I think that it’s time to end this state of naval gazing, to hurl myself headfirst into a void of things unknown to me. The breach that stands in between temporal existence and universal endlessness. Whether or not reality will reveal itself to me in this endeavor remains to be seen. If there is any universal significance to my mind, if the electrical activity of my self extends beyond my temporal body, then I can only hope that I am caressed and whisked away by the universe at large. 

I do not fear leaving behind this society. The world at large is a ruthless machine, a monster. It consumes lives, rendering them as cogs in its monolithic body. I do not intend to paint the world so negatively - I believe that ultimately there is a goal that the entity of man has in sight. All of us together, in so many seemingly insignificant ways, are pulling towards the next step in the development of everything. Maybe you mopped the floor in a building where there is a team of other people who will develop the next great technological breakthrough. This is the role that you played, and it is no less significant than the team that made the technological breakthrough. 

Unfortunately for us, many terrible atrocities occur as a result of the movement of this machine. Ideas incongruent with one another duel for supremacy, or actuality. This is war, this is genocide. A particle and antiparticle annihilate each other. Bases neutralize acids. A man that is a vehicle for a worldview kills another man whose worldview is antithetical to his. This is all part of the process. A process that I am intentionally removing myself from. So there isn’t any fear that I feel in regard to leaving, I do not fear missing the opportunity to witness any more of this constant upheaval of ideas, it has exhausted me. I’m scared of leaving you all behind, my son, my mom, my girlfriend. I wish I could make all of you forget about me so that this could be easier. I wish that this wouldn’t hurt you. I wish I could sleep forever in the warmth of my lovers arms, to teach my son everything I know. But I’m a faulty line of code, a glitch that breaks every line that precedes it.

I don’t have any desire to feel helpless anymore. I don’t want the hunger pangs. I don’t want to have my chaotic, scattered, broken mind. I want to rest. I want to sleep.  

I lack the vocabulary and presence of mind to fully encapsulate in text the experience of this life, how glad I am that I got to exist. I just cannot carry on like this anymore. I don’t want to burden those around me. I don’t want to continue to make them hate me. I hope that this letter has given you something positive. I hope that this can shift your perception onto greater things. 

It’s been real, guys. Goodbye