I feel I should never have livedAll my life, I been thrown around by people who only consider me a friend when they have no one else and when they find someone else, they would just not talk to me anymore and even block me on social media and whatsapp and not reply any of my messages.

I thought my life got better when I found this friend of mine who got close to me and we talked about everything under the sun. Eventually, we got together after 11months of friendships. She is my classmate so we spend a lot of time together. We broke up after 2months and 9 days of relationship on 23rd of march. It was depressing and she blamed it on my insecurities. But for the previous few weeks, she has been constantly talking about another boy who is her junior and her orientation kid(means that she is his orientation group leader for the school). They got close and started talking much more and she gradually talk to me less. She said that she will never like him or be with him but in the last few weeks of the relationship she started sending me pictures of him whenever i say i want to see her and also started talking a lot about him in our conversations. He asked if he can join in on our dates and she just accepted it without thinking about my feelings. She also got her parents to send him to school. Something which i have always wanted but was never accepted. And within one month of knowing him, she already let him catch a ride with her to school in her parent's car and talk to her parents. This is despite after knowing her for 1 year and 2months, she never let me see her parents and go to great lengths to ensure that her parents dont see me. At the same time, she also go to the library to study and invited him but not me. She would also rather go home with him than go home with me. She just make me feel insecure because of her actions yet she maintain they will never be together. In the past week since we broke up because of my insecurities and how she couldnt handle it, she started not talking to me and ignored me, and in front of my face laugh and talk and be happy around him. They started sending hearts to each other in the messages which i happen to see because she text him in class, something she never used to do. She also broke the promise that she would only skype me and no one else but today, she skyped him and I know because i asked her since she is online on skype today and she rarely is on other days except to skype me. I just feel that I should never live. I have a lot more problems like family never having peace, not having friends and just being a loner. Feelings start to snowball and I just feel so depressed. I wish I had anti-depression medicine because I just feel so bad without it and I want to just jump down the building or stab myself with a knife. I know Im crazy but getting betrayed and scammed of my feelings for my whole life isnt something I can take it. Not having someone to talk to, not having people by my side. I just feel like I do not belong to this world.