I can’t settle downMy mind is all over the place I can’t settle down or really live with myself happily. I have a really loving family who do anything for me and vice versa. I quit my job recently (I won’t go into why) now I do nothing all day. I have bad anxiety and I was supposed to be going back to college but I just couldn’t walk in. I’m 25 and college kids were just everywhere. I’m in UK so college kids are 16 here. 

I just can’t be happy with myself, I wouldn’t say I hate myself I’m just not happy at all! It feels like I’m only here so I don’t hurt my family and friends. I couldn’t do that to them, but how scary is that. Say my mum and dad were not here, I don’t think I would be. I don’t want another job. I’ve lost interest in everything. I just sit inside all day doing nothing and I’m scared. 

I do get happy and laugh still but it feels fake like I’m pretending and I sort of am it feels like it’s temporary blocking out the depression. I just see no reason to live apart from my family. I’m going on a date with this girl I seriously like on Friday. I really want to go and I am doing but I just feel so shit at the moment and don’t feel any joy or nervousness from it. I liked this girl last year but because of me been so down she ended it with me which made me even worse. 

I’m struggling with erections and a porn addiction which I am actually kicking pretty well. I’m also a virgin, and I need a circumcision. I’m a mess, I want to have sex with her but with my mind the way it is and other things I’m scared she will leave me and again I will be destroyed.

I can’t see a way out my mind is screaming at me everybody to do something but I don’t no what. I come out of it on occasions and feel well. But recently been stuck in the house all day it’s awful. I try to get out but I don’t want to do anything and my anxiety stops me from doing near enough anything. I just don’t see the point in surviving like this, I get people survive but they are normally in the right frame of mind. I feel almost insane and I don’t want to live feeling like this what’s the point in struggling so much just to survive?