Just writingAnyone else just feel so uninterested with life? Ive tried working, ive tried college, everything I try just makes my depression a million times worse. I remember writing a suicide note when I was a kid like 10 or 11, never have written another or even attempted just I feel like my whole life ive been so seperated from everyone elses values, I hate the path that society puts us on and I hate that I have no options. Still live with my father ( im 19 ) and I keep getting pushed to start something again like school or work, my whole family probably thinks im a lazy peice of shit but I understand why, I wish I could tell people how I feel but its so damn hard, pretending to be happy and interested for most of my life kind of hard to snap out of the acting. Nights are the worst, hours and hours of no sleep just laying in bed with my thoughts, dreading waking up the next morning, blaring music in my ears to try and drown out the voices in my head. Why did we have to make life so complicated? Ive also been getting very "numb" to everything, going through my days just pretending that everything is fake and that nothing matters at all. Ive had an easy ass life and dont know why I feel this way, everything has been handed to me but I just sit here handicapped by my mind. Im tired of pretending to care and these past few months have been getting worse and worse, I find myself angry most of the time, wanting to throw away everything I have which already isnt much and just leave but I dont know where id go. Dont have any friends but I am happy about that, hate most of my family other than the ones I live with, just wish I could be alone. May sound weird but I often dream about being locked in a room kind of like "the hole" in prison, just myself, darkness, and silence. Even if I do go and see a therapist how is that going to help at all, I highly doubt they will motivate me to go down the path of life like the rest of the sheep happily. Wish I could die naturally so noone would ever even have to know that im not actually that happy, caring guy that I pretend to be.