I'm falling apartI've fucked up a lot in my lifetime. I'm 15 years old, and somehow I've managed to go from daddy's little angel who went to catholic school and loved Disneyland to a pathetic whore burnout who cuts herself and can't go a day without having something go horribly wrong. I've worked really hard to go from the girl I was last year, as depicted in the second description, to someone who may have a shitty past, but has some self respect and who has stopped cutting. It's been almost 7 months and for the first time since the 2nd month I'm considering it. Here's the story. Freshman year, and guy who's name I'm going to leave out but for now we're going to call him Jake. Jake invited me to his house for Halloween, and when I got there he somehow convinced me to do some sexual acts I wasn't quite ready for. I never said no, but I felt as if it was necessary for me to do it in order for him to like me. So I did, and then he dumped me like I was trash. A few weeks later, he was bored with whatever poor girl he'd convinced to fuck him, and he came back to me, told me he'd changed he'd found God and he was a new guy. Nope. He did it again, this time taking even more than the last. And again, dumped me like I was trash. I hated him, but more than that I hated myself for falling for it twice. I smoked weed to forget about it, and I cut because it was better to feel a physical pain that I could control than an emotional pain in which Jake had all the control. I stole liquor from my moms cabinet and stole money from her wallet for weed. Then I dated another guy who we'll call Zach for our sakes. Zack was a coke addict, he'd been to prison, ran away from home, stole thousands of dollars from stores, beat up people and cars and windows and whatever for money. I was lonely, he was there. He took my virginity. And then my mom found out. About everything. She admitted me in the hospital and I've been on medications and things ever since. And finally this morning I looked in the mirror and thought "you know what, Jake is missing out. I'm beautiful, and smart, and funny. And even if I don't always believe it, not many people hesitate to remind me." And I felt like I was walking on cloud 9, until lunch that is. Some random dumbass freshman asked me if I was prganant, because 'he'd heard I was a whore and it sort of looks like it'. I held my shit together and laughed it off. Then Jake cussed me out because his new toy found out about what he did to me. Apparently it's my fault he's an abusive mysogenistic ass. I came home and told my mom, my best friend, my companion, my everything, about what a shitty day I'd had. She blew me off over and over again, talked over me, told me I was being annoying, for the rest of the night. Finally I decided to just sit in the corner until her friends left and when they did she and I laughed and sang songs and joked and all that. Then I said something about having school tomorrow and it being 1 in the morning and she started yelling at me saying I was irresponsible because of my low grades and how I have no right to blame her for my being up so late and how she always does everything for me and now she has to be my alarm clock too. I just...it kills me when she's mad and today of all days I can't handle it. I just want my mom to give me a big hug and tell me it's okay and tell me I'm beautiful and all that but the thing is, she's called me a whore too. She's said I'm so fat I look pregnant. She's cussed me out before. And she blames me for everything that happened with Jake. She hates me as much as I hate myself, even if she loves me as her daughter. And it's slowly tearing me apart.