I feel like my reason for living is no longer a possibility for me.My life has become a living nightmare in less than a week. And it's all my fault. And now I don't know what to do. This is a long story but I have to get it out there. 

This time last week life was fine. I had a boyfriend who loved me. I was just starting out at the gym, which I was enjoying. I was gutted my boyfriend was going to his hometown for the weekend and I would have to find someone else to accompany me to parties we had planned on attending, but I had options. 

I had been spending more time with my only best friend besides the boyfriend, as he had been training me at the gym. I asked him to come to a party with me, since I wanted to go but didn't know many people there. I knew this guy had always been keen on being more than friends, but I didn't think anything of it. I told him when he asked me out, before the boyfriend and I had even met, he was well and truly in the friendzone, and he accepted that. 

However, at this party, I ended up getting blackout drunk and woke up naked in his bed, remembering very little outside the party, and nothing of being in his room. I asked him if we fucked, and he said we did. He said I wanted it since leaving the party, and while he tried telling me it wasn't truly what I wanted, he gave in. I told my boyfriend immediately, we spent some time together, and decided to work through it and stay together. I thought everything would be fine.

I started having flu symptoms the night after the party, and two days later, noticed sores of a kind I'd never seen before on my labia. I had the exact symptoms of genital herpes. I've told the boyfriend, and we went to the doctors today to get checked. 

I know it's herpes. I've had thrush and sores from sex and whatever and this isn't that. This is actual fucking herpes. This is something I'm going to have for the rest of my life, because I fucked up and for god knows why went and did the stupidest thing of my life.

Now I don't know what to do. All my life the most important thing to me, my motivation for living and bettering myself, has been to have a family. I want kids. I want a husband, and a house. And now it feels like any possibility of that has vanished.

I'm torn between feeling this is exactly what I deserve, feeling sorry for myself, and feeling nothing at all. I'm torn between hoping the boyfriends results turn out negative, because I don't want to imagine the guilt I'd feel having passed this to him, and hoping, as horrible as it is, that he comes out positive and we can continue through this with each other's help. I know if he comes out negative, he's going to leave.

I don't know what to do. I don't want to be here. I want to wake up. I don't want to hurt anyone, but I feel so alone, and I don't know how to possibly cope through that for an entire lifetime. 