Why I want to kill myself.1. Most of my days are ruined by how I feel about myself. I obsess over my looks, my body and compare myself to every girl i pass in the street and see online. I think if I don't look like a model life isn't worth living. If I don't lose 20 pounds, I might as well kill myself. Many days I don't get out of bed simply because I don't want to have to get dressed and look at myself in the mirror. I believe that any good picture of me is a good angle fluke. I don't believe I have body dysmorphia, I believe everybody that tells me im attractive is lying or has a  fucked up perspective on beauty. This extreme obsession with my looks is not only shallow and pathetic but life ruining.

2. All my friends and boyfriend are long distance and it aches. I met them online (I have no friends in real life due to not clicking with anyone and leaving school at 13 because my anxiety and depression was too bad), but have met up with them. I'm seeing my boyfriend in a month but then I have to say goodbye again for 4 months and it aches and breaks my heart everyday. I so desperately wish it wasn't long distance, but it will be for 3 more years!! I wish my friends lived closer so I could hang out with people rather than spending all day in bed alone.

3. I'm bored to tears, I just got done with the little education I did, waiting on job offers (but getting rejected a lot due to my lack of qualifications, I'm far from stupid thankfully but employers just seem to care about a list of gcses or a levels, I literally volunteered for months in a charity shop and have the perfect experience but am getting rejected from paid work in them simply because of my lacking CV. I spend all day doing nothing but dwell and comfort eat (which does not help issue number 1). I want to dedicate my vast free time to getting healthier and going to the gym, but my depression (and extreme tiredness caused by anemia) laughs in the face at this idea.

4. I have no skills, I can't play an instrument or sing or make art or do crafts or anything that is a hobby. I just need a hobby to focus my bad energy into but I'm such an extreme perfectionist that it feels hopeless and will just make me feel worse when I fail. Theres nothing special about me, I'm a nobody.

Disclaimers- I'm on citalopram (useless) and have asd.