I'm so tired.I've written six drafts for a suicide note in the past week. Now I'm wondering if it's even worth it.
After six years, I relapsed. After the first mark, however, I realized that causing harm to myself wasn't even worth it either. Why waste the effort of getting up when I could just lay in bed and sleep it off?

I've been trying so hard(maybe a little too hard?) to get someone--ANYONE--to see that I'm not ok. I haven't gone to class in weeks, I only go to work to get away from my parents who make me feel awful about my career choice, and I'm in a relationship that isn't going bad but it's just not what I want, and I can't bring myself to hurt him. 

I'm just a boring, shitty person with no goals or aspirations. I can't find pleasure in my art. I can't find the creativity I need to make it. I can't even play video games anymore. I only go to DND on Sundays because my s/o enjoys the game and my dm is my best friend. Or was. I don't hang out with her or my other close friend anymore. I tried, but I found they were always busy, so j just stopped trying. I don't get invited to the clubhouse anymore (haven't been for 6, 7 months), was kicked out of a polyamorous relationship because the other two liked each other more than they liked me, I gave up on my dream as a Case Manager because my parents thought I would hate my life and wouldn't make enough money(a few of my friends also thought it was stupid because they just don't like people) and all the comments finally wore me down, now I'm an art major somehow flunking out of college. I thought I would give tattooing a try but my parents are very conservative and don't even like the one tattoo I do have(an armadillo with a wreath on my forearm)--and again, they don't think I'm going to be making "enough" money.

I'm just so tired of trying to meet everyone's expectations, failing, and then trying to do my own thing and pissing everyone off. 

A year ago I was well known for being generous, kind, supportive, and motherly. That's who I was and who I wanted to be. I wanted to help people. But now I'm not even known. Not that reputation is something I care about, but it's just like my well-being and interests have disappeared from everyone's minds.

I'm just so tired all the time. I don't enjoy anything. I don't love or feel passion or think about the little beautiful things in the world. I don't know who I am anymore and I'm so terrified but at the same time so relieved.

I'm waiting until my trip to Colorado so I can see if the nature can spark something inside of me. If not...I won't be around much longer. No one will care.