I’m so ashamed of myselfHey everyone, 

I don’t actually know where to start… that seems silly, right? So I’m a single Mom of a 13 year old boy. I work two jobs, and still struggle with money. I decided to try and get a “sugar daddy” from an online website that specialized. I’d never done anything like that before. I had honest true intentions for it, maybe just to make an extra hundred dollars because a guy wanted to see my in my underwear, or needed checked up on to feel appreciated, whatever. The long and the short of it was, I was scammed. I was overpaid by the guy, I thought it was a real mistake, I tried to get the money back to him via Western Union and it was a mistake. I should have known, and I didn’t. I just assumed positive intent, that it was a mistake, and I would want my money back. After the money was received, they (he?) cancelled his deposits. 

There’s nothing the be done about the lost money. My bank account is now $-3600 dollars. I’ve contacted my banks fraud department, shut down the account in case it’s been compromised. I even stupidly tried to beg the guy via the number he gave me, probably a burner phone. I just laid it out that if he could just return the money, I wouldn’t do anything; press chargers, anything. 

I feel so, so stupid. So stupid and incredibly worthless and ashamed. I’ve cried all day, called off work, haven’t eaten, haven’t slept. And obviously I’m here because I can’t pretend that suicide isn’t the contingency plan. I tried to do the right thing. I always try to do the right thing. Follow the golden rule and such. And it meant nothing. I work two jobs, don’t have days off, and still can’t get ahead with money. I tried to do something that, while I wouldn’t talk about at dinner, still considered honest work. Provide companionship, conversation, pictures, in return for money from someone who knowingly signed up with that in mind. 

I hate myself right now. I hate that I can’t stop ruminating on all this. I hate that I work so hard to not victim blame in my own life, but can’t extend that courtesy to myself. It’s over and done, and I can’t get the money back, but why would someone do this to anyone, let alone a broke, single Mom? I don’t have anything now. No money except for what’s in my wallet. The food situation is fine. But gas? Rent? I’m working on trying to figure it out. But in the mean time it really seems like it’s never going to get better. It’s never going to get easier. 

