Why should I have to continue living if I'm just going to waste my life anyway?I don't want to kill myself, I want to do opposite actually, I want to live. But if I don't think I can spend another year trapped as this weak, socially awkward clusterfuck. I feel like I was born in a coma, like I've never lived and it's beginning to feel like I'll never get a chance too. Why should I have to continue living if I'm just going to waste my life anyway? I've already thrown my teenage years away and from the looks of it, I'm going to throw my twenties away too.

I have hardly any memories of my teenage years because like I said, I completely wasted them. From ages 12 and onward, besides school, I barely left my room. I was a shut in who basically sat behind a locked door and lived in a fantasy world, playing the same shitting songs on repeat and pretending that everything was fine. I use to be content with doing nothing but living in daydreams but something snapped, I can't remember how or when but suddenly, those daydreams started to feel like lies. 

Now I want to "make up for lost time" but I don't even know where the fuck to begin. So, I decided to complete a series of a small goals which eventually led up to me moving out of my miserable, small town for good and never seeing my toxic family again. The first goal on that list was to improve my social skills. 

But it seems like everytime I try to change my situation, some cruel God doesn't want me to ever change. Like this recent pandemic and how the paranoid government forced everyone to become shut ins. I'm a full time student, I only go to (well, went to, finals are over)  college because my parents were pretty much forcing me to go and I don't even have the vaguest idea of what career I want to pursue (if I make it past 20.)

I was actually beginning to talk to the people around me and on the last day before the semester went online exclusive, as pathetic as it sounds, I held an actual conservation with a non-family member for the first time in almost a decade. Albeit, it was awkward and uncomfortable but hell, it was process. Than the semester went online exclusive and it hit me that I'll never see those people again. That I'll have to be isolated again, that social skills will just  to decline to back to where they where before I started school.  Almost like fate wants me to fail or that "someone doesn't want to me wake up."

I don't feel like things will ever change for me. I'll just rot away in this fucking house, whether I'm lifeless and hanging in my closest or laying in my bed, crying into my pillow. I'll never get a chance to live, I'll just waste my entire existence away and I'll never find a meaning to it all.

It doesn't even seem like anyone would miss me. My lack of friends should be made clear by now but I also have no sibling or cousins. My mom is an alcoholic who only cares about when she'll get her next drink and my dad doesn't even care enough to  acknowledge my fucking existence. The only living thing that might miss me is my cat and she'll be better off without me.

I don't think I'll actually kill myself, I'm too much of pussy but it does seem better than the alternative, rotting away from a heart attack or stroke in a shitty apartment at 50 (or worse, the same house) and only to be found weeks after I decompose.v