I want to give everything, and expect nothing in returnI've been battling depression my whole life... I'm 23 years old now and I feel like Atlas holding up the world on my shoulders, and my shoulders are finally buckling. 

I recently broke up with my gf, the first one in my life, after about a month of dating. Told her I loved her, she said she never wanted a family or to get married or settle down anywhere. We agreed to remain friends, but stuff happened and she was forced to cut me out of her life. Got back in touch with her again, and she still wanted to be friends, and she even told me she loved me the other day as a friend, but her actions say otherwise. I've given a lot of support to her, and all I get in return is "I need space for a while." She does have problems of her own, which I understand, but what she's doing I've never had someone who claimed they loved me do these things to me. 

I feel totally alone, I've lost someone who actually understood me. I don't want to bother my other friends, push my problems on them. The more I think about it, the more I want to give up. I feel unattractive, even though I try to take care of myself. I feel so horribly broken...shattered into a million pieces that can't be glued back together again. I feel so unbelievably lonely, which is my greatest fear in life. 

I'm also a giver, to a fault. I always try to give my all to others to make sure they're happy over myself. I wanted to become a police officer to help people. I was thinking about becoming a living donor for Christmas, giving part of my liver and some bone marrow to someone else in greater need, but it's so much easier to just give everything. The more I think about it, the more noble it sounds in my head... end my life so dozens of others can live out theirs with a new heart, new kidney, new liver... I always wanted to save someone's life and I feel like the last two weeks have been leading to this. I feel like I'm at the end of my rope now, like there's no more time left. Like my life has been leading to this moment. 

I don't want to do this, but I don't think it's possible to live happily anymore... I think that time has come and gone. I really don't want to do this to my mom either, since we're super close, but I feel like all my options have gone out the window, and I'm closing in on this. I'm seeing a therapist too but I know if I say anything to her she'll call someone, they'll take me away and then I'll never be able to become a cop if I'm able to work through this. I don't know when I'm gonna do it, but I think this is the closest I've ever been to ending it all. 