I don't know how to go forwardI'm not sure if this is the right place for this. I'm kind of falling apart at the moment, but I'm not exactly suicidal.

My wife and I have been having problems for a long time. It started out with her accusing me of cheating on her. Repeatedly. We managed to barely get through that. She then went into a period of severe depression. She was almost completely bed ridden for years. She got up to go to work, but that was about it. After a long time if this I finally told her I couldn't deal with it anymore and I wasn't sure if I still wanted to be here. She assured me she would do something to fix it, and miraculously she did. At this point I've been pretty checked out from us, from anger and resentment and just the inability to deal with it. But she started coming back, I was much slower to respond. 

Recently she has been getting very close to an old friend of hers who's wife recently left him. She became obsessed with him, and started becoming a lot more affectionate towards me. She ended up going off for a run by herself in a local trail, something she never does, in the middle of the evening for 3 hours and I got suspicious. I confronted her about it. She swears she never met him. I made her show me her text messages and found out that they absolutely were planning to meet up, but she says he dropped out after she left the house.

When I talked to her about it she told me she didn't love anyone but me, but ever since then she has become cold and distant. I practically have to beg for a hug. She seems repulsed when I try to kiss her. She has gone out every chance she has had once the kids are in bed so I haven't really been able to talk to her.

It's funny. Now that I'm faced with the prospect of actually losing her I can't stand the idea of carrying on. Even after all that time when she was basically gone anyway, and I checked out.

The sleeping pill is starting to kick in. I guess this is a good time to end this. I don't know what I'm going to do tomorrow.