Please just hear my story and help me cope I don't exactly know how to start this, but I guess I'll begin by saying that I feel like my trust has been betrayed in a way that is irreparable and I simply don't have the skills or the headspace to cope with my life turning upside down in the way that it has. I'm using a throwaway because I'm basically gonna bleed my heart out in the hopes that in the full picture maybe I'm not a complete waste of space.   
  I've been dealt, in my opinion, an extremely difficult hand to play in life. My parents divorced before I was even old enough to have a memory of them together. My mother got custody. Her profession of choice was to strip for money. This lead to me being in a very hyper-sexualized environment, to the extent of being given explicit magazines at as young as 9 years old. These, obviously, have completely distorted my view on what sex should be like, or how a relationship should look, or what “beauty” looks like in women. Money always came first to my mother, and that was fine for our relationship until I turned about 12 and started to think for myself. At that point the abuse started, nothing physical, but emotional and mental abuse was the preferred type of warfare. Isolation was where it started, and then fear mongering, invasions of privacy, gaslighting, you name it and she probably would resort to it. Everything was a struggle, and I found it extremely hard to socialize in places where she wasn't around like in school because at the end of the day I was always walking into a lion's den. I found myself acting out often, even getting expelled in 7th grade because of behavior issues and threats I made to students because I didn't have a healthy way to deal with the constant feeling of being an outcast.     
  But tonight isn't about my mother, that's just where I feel like it all starts. Tonight is about my absolute failure to do the one thing I feel like we're all biologically programmed to do: find someone who loves me.   
  I feel like it goes without saying after my first brick of text that my mother didn't love me. In fact, I can't be certain any woman ever has. There's an extreme wealth of mistakes and poor choices in my past that I made instead of learning to socialize. I was raised by the ideals of a stripper, who knew about as much about love as a romcom script writer. Sadly, I tried to put some of those ideals to practice and found it backfire in my face every single time. Dating websites don't work for me, perhaps because I'm ugly, or stupid, or again just poorly socialized, but I don't receive the time of day from women on them. And I'm so stupidly desperate to be loved that I've fallen, foolishly, for cc/phishing scams more than once in my life. I'm not even that old.     
  That isn't to say that I haven't had girlfriends. In fact, a major contribution to my crisis tonight is from a relationship coming to an abrupt and disastrous end. But even when I get a girlfriend I taint the relationship somehow. Insecurity from past experience always bubbles it's way to the surface and causes me to panic and self destruct. I can't even have a healthy sexual relationship because I'm so fucked up in the head that even after a literal hour of trying with one of my sexual partners I've never been able to orgasm. And, one of my main aspirations in life is to have a family of my own, but that's unachievable without the whole... y'know, babymaking aspect of it.     
  But despite all of that, I thought I had found someone special. Someone who was going to break the mold. Someone who made me feel better and in fact even made me feel like I was capable of being something more than the tormented mess I've become. She was so intoxicating it was an immediate and unshakable attraction, like being pulled into a black hole. But then the gravity tore me to pieces.     
  We had talked about our future, we had similar goals in mind, including marriage and a family if everything worked out. Sure, our relationship had it's hardship, I'm not exactly prone to making things easy for myself, but it felt like we were starting to pull up and level out. That was, until her friend decided to take it upon herself to accuse me of something pure evil. She went out of her way to go “to the dark web” to fabricate pictures that made it look like I had been charged for sexual assault at several stages of my life. I would never do anything so disgusting as to do something like that, and I know that my background is clean. Unfortunately, the woman I was with didn't feel the same, and once provided with this “evidence” immediately and permanently walked out of my life. I wasn't even given a chance to defend myself, or run a background check on myself online to prove that it wasn't true. At this point, I'm not even sure it would've matter if I had.   
  To think that someone who was supposed to love me, and support me unconditionally, thinks that I could be capable of something so heartless has completely torn me apart. I have to force myself to eat, even though I feel like I'm going to puke up every bite. I can't sleep, which is why I'm writing this now. I've resorted to cutting, something I haven't done in almost a decade. I've tried calling the local crisis line, but the man I was connected to made me feel like I was wasting his time because I wasn't explicitly stating that I was gonna kill myself right that second. And then anhedonia is overwhelming.     
  Nothing takes my mind off of it, not gaming, not music, not Youtube, not my job, not drugs, not alcohol, not writing, not singing. Nothing that used to make me happy. I feel empty. To have something I worked so hard to try and have be a healthy influence in my life, taken away by someone's selfish desire to have me out of the picture, has destroyed me.   
  I feel like my life has no meaning or value. I can't even hardly support myself on my pitiful income. My cat doesn't even have food right now, and I feel like I'm failing a life I'm supposed to be supporting. I can't find love, and even if I did it would just be snatched away from me like there's a cosmic conspiracy to make sure I'm constantly beat down and miserable. If this is all that life has to offer, I don't feel like it's worth living anymore. I don't have an exact plan for ending my life yet, but I'm certainly of the belief that the space I'm occupying, the air I'm snatching from the world, could be put to better use in someone who actually has the tools, the hope, and the willpower to be successful. I was never taught how to cope with my problems, only to bottle them.. and well, the bottle is full. I can't take it anymore. I can't live alone like this. My birthday is on the horizon, and I feel like even if I live to see it it'll be my last. I'm one push away from coming off the edge, and at this point I almost welcome the fall.