going to kill myself soon.hi there. im 14f and have nothing to live for. my parents just recently got divorced, i got my heart broken by a girl i was talking to for almost two years, all of my friends have left me, and i struggle heavily with depression. ive gone to therapy before, from about october of 2017 to about july of 2018. that helped for a while. never went on drugs or anything so all was good. i went because of the girl i was talking to as well as my sister cutting ties with me and abandoning my family so she can go have a baby with a guy 20 years older than her. i also had a problem with sleeping pills, and my addiction got so bad i tried killing myself one night around this time last year. i had a note ready and i just got ready for bed, popped about 50 of the ones i had, and waited for my death. i didnt feel anything about it. i woke up the next morning and had to go to school and function like a normal person because my parents had no idea. that fuckin wrecked me. time goes by and in the summer my parents started having severe issues and my dad would frequently get wasted and abuse me. i told nobody about this because my friends wouldnt care. i had to endure that until december came along. at this point my mom was severely depressed and i never got to see her as she never left her room (this was because of my father). on christmas, my mom didnt open presents with us or anything. no family dinner either. she then told me and my two brothers we were moving out in about three days. thats when shit really started hitting the fan. my dad was now pissed and didnt help us move at all, and i had to still keep it together because i hate showing my emotions to people. fast forward a couple weeks, my family is broke broke. my brothers college and apartment rent need to be payed, a trip that i was supposed to go on’s payment was two months due, and my dad didnt make enough money to pay the bills at his house so my mom was paying for everything (dunno why i wrote all that in past tense, its still that way). speaking of my dad’s house, we actually got evicted today. thats fun. besides the money issues, my grades are and were in the shitter. i had three F’s and all of my other grades were C’s. its still that way, and i cant help them. i dont wanna go to college, and i know for a fact that i wont be able to make it past 25 so i have no reason to do well in school. and even on top of that, my best friend of five or six years just told me she didnt wanna be my friend because apparently my depression is too annoying for her. i just need an escape. im planning on getting either a bunch of oxy’s or just plain slitting my wrists in the bathtub. im gonna leave notes for people explaining everything. if you read all of this, thank you. have a wonderful rest of your day. 