There’s really nothing left for me on this planet.Growing up I knew I was different I just didn’t understand and know at the time how different I was and how this would come to takeover my life completely. 

When I was young I knew I wasn’t your average boy who was into sports and played video games I was more into movies and plays and being overly dramatic. It took me a while to accept my sexuality coming out to my single mother at the age of 20 (she stated she already knew from years before), at a very young age I knew I was into both men and women I just didn’t understand the impact it would have on my adolescent life.

Let me just add in my mother is against the whole homosexuality ordeal and has not been very supportive at all and neither has my sister who tends to agree with my mother so you could say I’m all alone.

In high school, just like in elementary school I wasn’t into sports but I wasn’t into following my passion either. I was a slow learner someone who needed extra help to understand and solve problems throughout all my studies.

I grew up being a twin so I was attached to my twin sister and we grew up fairly close having the same friends and all to this very day.

When it came to graduate high school, I was happy to be out of there but I didn’t know what I wanted to do with my life. So I decided on getting into a Fashion program because all my pasted jobs involved retail and customer service and I grew to become an expert at it. I finally decided to enrol in college in 2013 and knowing that I wasn’t going to be successful at all. I ended up failing a few classes due to my slow learning disability and dropped out after the first year even though I didn’t pay the school tuition I was expected to pay.

After that I went into debt and into a complete depression, drinking and smoking and not being responsible and dealing with my situation. In these cases, I would lash out and go off the deep end on anyone who enraged me.

Finally in 2015 I finally paid it off and was really happy about that aspect in my life. 

In the year 2017 in June, it all came crashing down and I’ve been a completely suicide mess ever after.

Let me add in that I’ve had plenty of suicide thoughts before and even tried to hang myself in September but I couldn’t bring myself to do it.

I’m broken and lost and hopeless.