Is it right to tell your family or friends?So I've struggled with pretty severe anxiety and depression since I was pretty young (I'm 22F). My parents were also abusive, ive started cutting them off and accepting that this year. The past few months have culminated into very strong suicidal thoughts and images, I have a "breakdown" privately almost once a week where I feel really close to ending it and it honestly scares me when I have a little bit of distance or air from the feeling. It mainly scares me because I have people who depend on me and I don't want to do that to them even if I want to. 

For a little background, my depression started when I was 12ish and I selfharmed for a long time and attempted suicide in high school. My mom didn't care, besides the fact it would make her look bad if it had happened in her house. She was just angry at me, shamed me or joked about it for years etc. 

I opened up to my boyfriend about the feelings a couple weeks ago and he's actually been really supportive. He helps encourage me to do better and just helps support me. It was such a relief and it honestly feels so good to have that support, I never expected that support feels that good. I'm still suicidal and struggling but it helps to have someone I can be open with. I'm also trying to find a therapist but its hard and they're often overbooked. 

My aunt and my younger cousin are very close to me. My aunt feels like a second mom, in the fact she's everything my real mom isn't. Her and my uncle have always let me be part of their family, my uncle playing the dad role for me sometimes since my father (his brother) abandoned me for most of my childhood. She's extremely empathetic, I know she loves me unconditionally and she always supports me and makes me feel like I'm doing good in life. I really love her, she understands I've had to cut off my parents because they're abusive so she knows I've been dealing with that. I've been pretty distant from her lately because it hurts to be around her family or feel her love when I'm hurting over accepting my mom just doesn't love me like that. 

I don't know why but I feel like I want to tell my Aunt how I've been struggling, including how close I've come to actually ending things. She has 3 children so I know this isn't an easy time for her either though. I really worry about her too because its not easy raising 3 girls. Last year my (17F) cousin was also suicidal and struggled for a long time after leaving an emotionally abusive relationship so I'm worried about putting more on her again. I'm also worried about being attention hungry or something but I'm honestly just so scared of how terrible I've been and feel like talking to her about it might help. 

I've been doing better in a lot of ways, I started waking up most days and even working out. But it doesn't fix everything and I still have very strong suicidal thoughts. I don't know, sorry for the wall of text maybe I needed to vent. 

I guess I also feel like I'm fine, there's no need to worry anyone since I obviously don't want to actually die since I'm asking for help. But that's partially a lie, I'm terrified of the mindset I often fall into and I don't know that its that simple to just "not do it"

TLDR;
I've been very suicidal, my boyfriend is the only one who really knows. I would like to tell my aunt who is basically my surrogate mother but am worried about putting too much on her or being dramatic