I'm a colossal asshole, and deserve to die, for the person I've become.I've posted about this before, so some of you may have seen it before. So, I own a house with my brother. It was a horrible idea buying that house with him. He ahs anger issues, and I just dont talk to him much anymore. We bought  this house a little over 2 years ago, when we had a fallout with our mother, and just wanted to get out. The first winter living there, we noticed that the ceiling in the bathroom was slowly leaking, producing black mold on the ceiling.

I told my brother, because hes a handy man, at least he knows a lot more about than stuff then me. The first rome I brought it up, he was like "oh I know, we need to get it done" we would have to go pick up the materials in a far away city. I reminded him countless times that we need to get to it, but he eventually just got pissed off about it. I could see he didnt care, so one day I just moved back to my mothers. At the time I felt relieved, Because I could just leave it all behind. That's obviously not the case, as I'm still a co owner. A few months ago, I got my brother to agree to buy me out. We started making an agreement, but we were holding it off, because we would have to go to the title company to sigh the papers. It's not exactly essential, so I was just gonna wait until after this is all over, but this could easily go on for another year.

A little bit after I moved out, one of his buddies moved in. I told him about the mold problem, and wasn't accepting rent, rescue I'd feel like a scum bag, because I was too cowardly to bring it up to my brother again. His friend lived there for a biut a year, and moved out a few months ago. I don't know if anyone has moved in, or not, as I dont even talk to my brother much, but we are both incredibly lucky, no ones gotten sick, and used the shit out of us. That's what I'm terrified is going to happen, if I dont sell this house to my brother asap. I called texted him earlier today, if he could call me after he gets off work, So we could come to an agreement, so I could email it to the title company, and get this over with. He said hed call me if he has time. He didnt. 

I've always justified letting his friend live there under those conditions. I figured since as long as I made sure he knew about the mold, then I've fulfilled my moral obligation. Well, i realized today that I'm just an evil person, being able to justify something like that. I'm afraid someone else is living there that I dont know about. I'm terrified to discuss anything with my brother regarding those things, so I'm trying to sell it to him asap, so the house is then my brothers responsibility. I feel like the biggest asshole in the world, and I dont deserve to live for being too much of a coward to stand up to my brother. I feel like I should honestly off myself.  I'm not trying to gain sympathy. I really mean that, but I probably deserve to go through life knowing I'm pos. I havnt eaten, or anything today, because I dont deserve even the slightest bit of pleasure. This may sound silly, but I feel like I'm no better, or even worse then a serial killer.