I'm not sure why I have ever botheredI'm not sure where to even begin. It's not like anyone cares. 

I'm currently sitting in my bathroom with a knife and crying uncontrollably. I guess this is years of shit just finally hitting me. 

I just had a baby. Shes beautiful and she will be 6 weeks old tomorrow and shes the only reason why I dont want to do anything. Her name is Ellie. 

I'm in a shit marriage. I used to love him. I still care for him in some way but years of mistreatment, negativity, and a crap sex life has taken its toll on me. I cheated too. Sad part is I still am cheating. It's been with the same guy who I believe I'm actually whole heartedly in love with. I'm scared to leave my husband though. I dont want him to do anything stupid. I want him to be happy. I want us both to be happy. I just dont see that with each other anymore. I've tried to leave two maybe three times to no avail. 

I hate my job. Shit money and my paycheck just goes straight to my outrageous student loans.  I'm the boss and my employees are just.... awful and I am left to basically do everything. Guess it's my fault though. I'm a bad manager. If I wasnt a bad manager, I'd have good employees. 

I hate my fucking family. Years and years of fucking judgemental hipocrasy.  My mother is a morbidly obese bitch with a nasty drinking problem who starts shit with everyone. Especially my sister. I've literally been the middle man in the family, just listening to everyone bitch and complain about everyone else. My dad is cool though, he was a marine in Vietnam so he can be kinda scary though. 

I've been overweight most of my life. Last March I started this diet and lost over 50 pounds. I was close to my goal weight when I got pregnant. She was a surprise. And now I'm back at it with the fat, fat fuck that I am just jiggling around everywhere. None of my clothes fit me and I'm too poor to go out and get new ones. I also have no motivation to lose the weight. Probably because I already had fucking lost it just to gain it the fuck back again. 

I have no friends. I mean, there's like maybe 5 or 6 people who would say otherwise but I don't see it like that. Only one has bothered to visit me in the hospital or after since Ellie has been around. Everyone else is just like "yeah we have to meet the baby" and that's about it. 

Someone who was my best friend hasn't even bothered to visit me since Thanksgiving. I guess it goes both ways but shes pregnant too and I wanted to throw her a shower until I realized she doesn't give a shit about ellie or i so why should I waste my time? 

The only person I've ever been able to confide in is the guy ive been cheating on my husband with. Hes the only one whose ever given me hope. He loves me, its insane. If he was smart he'd walk away from my trainwreck of a life. I'm scared to tell him just how bad I am feeling right now. Everyone needs a break from me once and awhile, he should be no different. 




TL:DR- seriously just dont. It's not even worth your time. 

Goodbye. 