i feel like a broken personI don't think I could kill myself, I'm generally cowardly and my family is pretty great and they would be destroyed if I did, but I envious of those that can, I guess. So I dunno if this really belongs here, but I feel like if I don't get this feeling of hopelessness or helplessness out, I'm going to explode.

I'm pretty bright, people who get to know me seem to like me, but social anxiety and depression just cripple me personally and professionally.

I couldn't finish college because I got to a point where I had to meet with professors and pitch ideas for senior projects, and I couldn't do it. I'd tremble just thinking about it, so I kinda just curled up in the fetal position until they kicked me out of school. People I used to help with their homework are doctors and lawyers and PhDs and I'm a college dropout and I work a decidedly unchallenging IT job. Which is fine, really, I don't have complaints about money and I have good insurance, but I get no satisfaction from it at all. (it's kind of a miracle I landed the job at all, because I was a hair away from a panic attack all through the interview)

I've never even come close to kissing a girl. So far no wizard powers, despite being in my mid 30s. I'd be kinda terrified at the idea anyway, like getting involved with someone I'd kinda have to explain my inexperience, and I feel like dying alone sounds less painful than ever having that conversation with anyone.

I've tried antidepressants and the like (i feel different, but not better) and therapy (talking about my problems makes me feel tremendously anxious, so I tend to lie a lot and then stop going). I can kick the depression with a strict routine and diet and exercise, and I've dropped a bunch of weight several times before, but the social anxiety's so bad, I kinda feel like it's rational to be depressed. Like if I concentrate on just not being depressed, I'm exercising a lot, I'm denying myself all my favorite foods, and I definitely don't feel depressed, but then what? I have the energy to go out and finally start living life, but I don't have the... mental health or whatever. So at that stage I feel like going back to school or volunteering or finding a more exciting job or going out and meeting people, but I'm too anxious to actually do any of those things. If I'm depressed, not only do I get moments of pleasure from unhealthy foods, but I'm not constantly reminded of how incapable I am of doing the things I want to be able do.

I can't really imagine how my life could improve, and the best case scenario is to stay stuck in this same rut until I die. 