The biggest idiot in the world.Almost 30. No friends, no job, no hobbies, no life.
Extremely crippling self-loathing. The worst I have ever experienced. How did I get here? Greed, envy, self-sabotage, betrayal, treachery, taken advantage of, walked all over, abandoned.

I used to be quite a discerning young adult. Life was so simple and good back then. Work, save-money, smoke weed. Focus on the future, focus on yourself, fuck everyone else. Disregard anything "trivial" such as relationships, intimacy, friends, fun etc. Made the decision to sacrifice all those aspects of life and purely just focus on the self. Be suspicious of everyone and everything. Develop strong mental filters and willpower. I was trying to become an island. A self-enlightened, self-educated, self-motivated potent economic agent. Those are the things I would aim for, it's what I would fantasise about achieving. Because you see, I never finished high-school, or went to a university or had a resourceful family. You could say, that the odds were stacked against me since my adolescence. I've been depressed from a young pre teen age due to a bad childhood and I've always considered myself as a wretched fool/dumb piece of shit, so I wanted to change all of that as soon as my 20s started.

Now sure, it got "lonely" but you got used to it. I started craving for it. At the time solitude was my holy grail. I was going to use my time in the darkness, in the silence, to plan a road to a decent if not good life. Being a voluntary celibate became easier and easier. For once in my life I had an insatiable appetite to learn. My focus got stronger and stronger. 

I started employing my savings into the stock market and was having good success with it. It felt like a whole world opened up to me, and for some reason I wanted to share it with someone. But who? And why? Well because I needed someone in which I could discuss key matters with such as poltics, economics and etc. I thought that by introducing someone into what im pursuing and putting them on the same pursuit would be mutually beneficial. An old high school peer came to mind. Someone similar in situation, someone with similar interests, someone i havnt spoken to or seen in years. One of the worst decisions I ever made. 

The beginning reunion was good though. It was finally good to have someone to converse with. Someone to discuss with and smoke weed with. Having my guard up all the time is exhausting, so it was great to be able to relax all those mechanisms and chill finally. Only good things could amount from this I thought. Turns out, he had alot of resent and envy in his heart towards me. But I was so blinded by the enchantment of finally having a friend again, that I was easily deceived by the masks and the theatre. Long story short, I kept in touch with this person and his friends for about 2 years. Until I came to the shocking realization that these people all hate my fucking guts and are playing a sick joke on me by having me around pretending to be friends, siphoning information from me.
How fucking stupid of me. I shared deep and secret things with this guy... It felt like shit! As much as an unfeeling sociopath I can be, it felt terrible. My mind caved in, I had a private mental breakdown at home. I just knew, that i had to self-destruct and rebuild my psych from scratch. Because it felt like these motherfuckers knew me on such a level now, that I could not keep on being myself without the feeling of them being inside my fucking head all the time, laughing at me and wishing ill of me, knowing how I think. Anyway, that was quite a socially traumatic experience that I never quite recovered from. But life goes on.

I'm only about a third of the way through.

If i havnt bored you and you wanna hear more, then I guess I can tell the rest.

I've just never been able to tell this to anyone like this.

I fucking hate my life. It's a giant mess. Everyone betrays me in the end.

It's not the loneliness that gets to me. In fact, the loneliness is the good part. IT'S FAILURE THAT FUCKING KILLS ME! ALL I NEED IS JUST 1 TINY OUNCE OF SUCCESS TO SPARK EVEN THE SMALLEST PRIDE OR LOVE FOR MYSELF AGAIN TO MOVE FORWARD. BUT I JUST KEEP FUCKING FAILING!!!

There's nothing but demons in my damn head. Im fucking frozen solid. Cant move, its FUCKED!!! 