I utterly fucking despise my existenceI’m not doing shit anymore, I’m not attending classes, I’m not calling back my friends or my parents. I’m a lonely piece of shit that consumes and gives nothing. All day I sleep or play games, or sometimes on the shit days I just sit and stare at the ceiling. I fucking hate it, I’m not doing anything fun or productive. I never do any of my hobbies or anything anymore, it’s just pain and distraction of that pain the whole day trough. I used to have a great passion for music, I have barely listened to music, let alone touched an instrument.
And I feel so fucking lonely, I stay in my room the whole day with the door locked, it gives me a sense of comfort, as if the outside world doesn’t exist. I see people for like 2 hours a day and that’s probably it. I fucking hate it I fucking hate it. 

And I can’t look in the mirror anymore either, every time I do I see someone that I fucking hate, personality and appearance wise. I’m afraid of showering and shaving, because every time I look down I see a body that doesn’t fit. My face is super masculine and I can’t stand it. I don’t eat except one communal meal with my roommates. I think I’m becoming severely underweight and I don’t give a fuck. I don’t wash my clothes and I don’t clean anything, including myself. My room is a shithole, my desk is full of empty beer cans and bottles. 

My thoughts are either occupied by dumb shit or depressing things. All my life I have felt shit and depressed but now I’m living alone and it’s all worse. I miss the safe comfort of childhood, even though I have always been depressed. I miss knowing that your parents were there for everything. I don’t want to do things anymore, I don’t want the responsibilities, I just want to die. 

The moments of happiness are overshadowed by large time spans of nothing, no emotion, no thoughts, just pain. I’m so close to doing it, I had an attempt a month ago, but I chickened out I used to cut myself and punch myself a lot, but now I sometimes just beat the everlasting shit out of myself. The pain feels great. I’m planning a second attempt and I hope my future self won’t be such a fucking coward.

I’m sorry I wrote so much down, I just haven’t told anyone ever about this and I feel like shit right now.