I'm sick of all the bullshitHello, I am a 25 year-old Marine Veteran and a Korean-American. No ones going to read this shit, but I wanted some place to vent my anger and frustration. 

I have been diagnosed with schizoaffective bipolar type and am very anti-social (to the extent that I have only spoken two words for six months). I barely post or write online. I try to improve myself with empirical evidences in mood enhancement such as exercising, trying new hobbies, taking cold showers, and taking social classes to improve my awkwardness with other people. Yet, even with these initiations I am looked with hate and dread from the other students at Penn State York Campus. My professors who are psychology professionals look and behave as if I am a retarded, deficient human being. Often they would skip or cut short of my input during seminars and other students would groan in silence (I still hear it) everytime I talk. I feel I don't belong, but I need these classes to fucking graduate.

I have committed numerous acts of suicide on various occasions. I used methods such as overdosing on someone else's prescribed sleeping pills, hanging myself with a noose, and attempting to jump off a bridge.

I push any relationships away because of the fear of getting emotionally damaged and being used. When they proceed to ignore me, I blame myself because I believe I do not deserve good people in my life yet I want a social connection.

My family rejects any conversations when I feel depressed and feel suicidal. They proceed to get furious and tell me to shut the fuck up. 

I do not have any friends (literally) and I am fucking tired of these emotional rollercoaster rides monthly. 

I tried to fit in with the Americans, but they berate me because of my skin color in Pennsylvania (state of brotherly love my ass). I tried to make friends with Koreans, but they cast me away for being too individualistic rather than having a collectivistic mindset like them.

I feel like an ignorant, unintelligent bigot with no future because I live at home with my father while paying for the house and utilities. 

I'm tired of no progress, the stupid, fucking lie that life gets better, and i am tired of hope.

Also if you are from Penn State York and reading this(which I highly doubt), FUCK YOU! I'll see you in hell.