Everyone always worries but no one is willing to helpI didn’t expect to post here tonight. I really prefer reading from the shadows and seeing “hey, this person feels exactly how I feel”. I’m caught in this limbo between caring about how others feel and caring about how fucking miserable being alive makes me. I lie in bed every night and think about how to do it. When I drive to work, I look for and debate on the best places to run my car off the road. If I see a gun or a concealed carry, the first thing I think about is suicide. I tell myself every day that I’m beyond the whole “taking action” thing, that I’m not actually going to do anything. But I am overwhelmed every waking moment of my life with these thoughts of dying. And it’s to the point where I’m desperate enough that I might do something about it. But I do worry about my husband. My mom. My brother. They would be wrecks without me. I know I’m loved and cared about (this is not an “easily forgotten” scenario) but that does not override the fact that I want to die. 

Context: I have PTSD from childhood rape/abuse on top of already being bipolar depressive. I have an ESA to help with the crushing loneliness, I’ve done hours upon hours of counseling, and I’ve tried anti-depressants in the past. In high school I was raped at gunpoint and tried to hang myself in the shed later that night. I’ve been cutting for years and have many scars to be ashamed of. I have severe panic attacks where I scratch my hands until they bleed. My most recent incident was carving “failure” into my thigh. It got so infected that I had to visit the ER amid this corona outbreak. They were so overwhelmed that this time I didn’t even get that “are you suicidal” speech from an overly kind nurse. They treated my leg and two hours later I was discharged. 

I don’t like telling people my problems or what’s in my head- they always worry. Worry if I’m eating. Worry if I’ve done laundry in the last week or if they’re still a pile of dirty clothes building on the closet floor. Worry if I’ve showered or if Im sleeping. 
No, mom. I haven’t eaten today or showered, or washed my clothes, or slept. When I weight my life against all of those futile things, which matters more? I’m alone in fighting to still be here and not a single person sees that. Not a single person offers to help. My husband always says he doesn’t know what to do or say to make anything better. But worrying and then doing nothing feels like you’ve already given up on me. And if everyone’s already given up make then... why haven’t I given up on me too?