21 - no lifei dont know where to start. i hardly have the energy to look at this screen and type. i am 21, female. my parents are immigrants. they moved from one european country to another (this sounds like they moved a lot but they only moved once) and i was born in the country they moved to. they are muslim, i am not (i used to be). my whole family is muslim, i am the only agnostic. i am also vegan, they are not (not even vegetarian). i am antinatalist, they are not (of course... they fucking had me and my siblings). i am not allowed to have a boyfriend. i have a boyfriend though. my siblings support them, not me. i don't know whether they know i have a boyfriend but i have been at his place a couple of times and slept over and they sent me about 100 messages, went to my friend's house, wanted to call the police etc... when i come back home my dad is angry as fuck and scares me.
so yes, i still live with them. i have depression and social anxiety. i take meds (venlafaxin) but they dont really help me. i'm on waiting lists for therapy. i don't have a job, i don't go to university. i only have one friend. i will tell her about all of this tomorrow, i never told her about any of it. but i can't take any of it any longer. i need to move out but i can't because i don't have money of course. i have been having suicidal thoughts since i was about 15, that makes 6 years.  i think my parents are helicopter parents and my older sister (24, she still lives at home too) is like a third helicopter parent who even helicopters my parents.
i am scared of the world, i am scared of life. i wish i had never been born.
right now i am in my room and i'm too scared to go to the kitchen and get something to eat. i will do it but...

yesterday my dad told me... well he was shouting at me either i stay in the house or i leave.
i'm NOT allowed to have a boyfriend but he said something along the lines of "IF YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND OR A GIRLFRIEND OR FRIENDS I DONT CARE, TELL US WHERE YOU ARE EXACTLY AND YOU WILL NOT DO THIS TO ME AGAIN!! NOBODY DOES THAT". But when my sister had a MUSLIM boyfriend when she was 16/17, they made her breakup with him and didn't talk to her for months. Just so you know what those words mean.
Fuck my parents. They should've never had me. Assholes.
yes, i feel like killing myself.