Can’t Think of a Title ATMI felt the urge to search for this subreddit tonight and browsing through the post of others having similar issues had open my eyes, but I sill need to get things off my chest.

I don’t know if I’m really suicidal or if I’ll ever go through with killing myself... I just know that I have persisting thoughts of my death being the answer to my problems. Those problems, that you’re probably familiar with, being jobless, having social anxiety, feeling guilt of burdening my family, and living with nonexistent self-esteem.

I know that things will get better EVENTUALLY... as long as I keep taking steps forward. Or try to. I’m on quite the rejection streak for my job applications. I’m applying to go back to college as like a last gamble (hello debt). 

I currently have a dog who I’m emotionally dependent on, which I don’t know if it’s a good thing or not. He’s what I look forward to the most each day and has kept me going lately, but my family says he has got to go. What hurts the most is that I know I have no right/say to this matter. I can’t support him. He’s still currently with me until Tuesday or so but I’m going through separation anxiety just thinking about it. What depresses me about this is that they’re sending him to live with a relative (who doesn’t understand that you can’t feed dogs certain things, like chocolate or cooked bones, and the consequences aren’t just a little stomachache. This person also lets their own dog wander off to the next town over and had to be contacted by a shelter who found him) for a while and then back to his previous owner who neglected him outside (I was told he was tied up on a short chain and covered in his own feces) which is bringing me endless worries. This is a dog who had laid beside me every night for the last half year. Who I had spent so much effort to teach basic commands like stay, shake, and roll over. Who I greet with hugs and kisses every time I come back home from an errand. At this point I guess that it’s obvious what’s got me so riled up tonight. I’ll try to convince them to find a more qualified person to take him in.

I love my family. They put up with a loser like me, but I can’t help feel frustrated. It doesn’t help with comments like “stop overthinking (I’m not) and grow up, hurry up and get a job to support yourself, it’s just a dog”.

I don’t know where I’m going with this. 