I'm fucked and I can't get help. TW: sexual abuse themesI've had shitty mental health for literally years now. I've been fucked over so many times, starting with being sexually assaulted in my sleep at 11 years old. Well, technically it started with family forcing me to watch porn, but I don't know if that's even a valid thing to be upset over. Ever since then, this shit just kept happening. Escaped an attempted rape, got into a physically and sexually abusive relationship for years, and then lost my virginity from agreeing to have sex with a guy because I thought I had no choice so I should get it over with.

I'm also transgender, and man oh man here in the UK transphobia is running fucking rampant. There's no way in hell I'm going to get to even start transitioning soon.

I've been in and out of therapy since I was 15. For context of how long that's been, I'm 22 now. I'm on 150mg of sertraline/Zoloft. It's not helping. I'm still having flashbacks, I'm dissociating, I'm having breakdowns and struggling with suicidal feelings and wanting to self harm. During my years of therapy, I've had way too many shitty experiences. It just doesn't work and I don't know why.

Hell, I got so bad recently that I was having severe memory loss: losing all memory of what was happening every minute or so. My friends called the crisis team on me knowing I couldn't do it for myself, and that I couldn't take care of myself. They hoped I'd be taken to hospital. Instead they asked "well what do you expect us to do? Just take him for a walk." My friends tried to help me in my biggest mental health crisis in months, and it ended in what feels like a slap in the face.

MH services don't give a fuck about me. I don't even have it in me to bother calling the crisis team again now that I'm here planning my own death. My current therapist didn't even seem bothered by what they did, and just asked me what I expected from them.

I've been fighting for real help for literally years at this point, and I just have to question why the fuck I even bother. What's the point? Why am I even trying anymore to keep this up?

I've even attempted suicide multiple times, but nobody seems to care. I was put into therapy from my first attempt, but instead of giving me a competent therapist they shoved me with the one who was still in training and had to record every single session.

Hell I don't even know why I'm bothering to post here. I guess I just want to be fucking taken seriously for once. Being dead would be better than coping with this bullshit. I'm tired. I want to stop hurting. Maybe I'll self harm after this to cope. Maybe I'll attempt suicide. Maybe I'll sit and stare into space and think about how I'm a burden on the lives of everyone around me, about how I'm a failure and I'll never amount to anything.

Thanks to all the guys who contributed to my ptsd. It's great to know that the value of my life is measured in how much sexual satisfaction I give others. Thanks for treating me like nothing but a fucking toy, and ruining my life forever. These assholes get to just go on with life like nothing fucking happened while I'm here having flashbacks to the horrific things they did to me.

I'm sorry for taking up space.

I have nowhere else to turn to at this point.