Just closed my last door...Im a 23 year old guy that has been suicidal for a long time, even attempted once. Thing is, noone knows about it. So I thought I would share it here to relieve some weight off of my shoulders.

As of right now I am planning to kill myself at the end of June. I am gonna use my last time on earth to tie up loose ends and say goodbye to the people I still care about. I have also almost finnished up my suicide letters, which comes in at a total of 12.

There are quite a few reasons that made me decide to end it , but I will try to explain a bit.

In the last year of highschool I became depressed. I hated school, life and people in general. I then got into a huge fight involving a lot of my teachers. This led to me failing quite a few of my courses and not getting my highschool diploma. This was fine as my plan was to chase a career in the military.

I was in the military for a year after highschool and it was the best time of my life. However during my year there, my hearing went down enough for me not to be able pursue a career there.

I have had 4 different jobs at this point, none requiring any education and all of them involved dealing with customers. I hated every single one of them. One of them even made me try to commit suicide.

I realized I was in love with the universe and wanted to study cosmology or astro-physics. I went back to school to get my highschool diploma so that I could get in to university. However, my depression made it impossible to muster any sort of motivation for schoolwork. 1,5 years later and I just failed my third attempt while my depression is worse than it has ever been.

I also have an extreme hatred towards myself. During highschool my depression slowly changed me to who I am today. I have no good qualities except for beeing professional at making people feel bad and lying. The saddest thing though might be that when I was younger, I used to walk around with a smile all the time, now I am almost physically unable to smile. I generally just hate who I am, how I look and what I have become.

Another reason I hate myself is that I have never had a girlfriend or any sort of romantic relationship. I have fucked up every single chance I have had. And in retrospect, I would never date someone like me because I am bound to cause nothing but pain and suffering. I even lost my virginity to an escort while beeing so drunk I could not even tell you the girls hair color...

So why do I want to kill myself? It sounds better than living a life where I hate my job, have no real friends and stay single until the day I die. I have given it everything, but it was not enough. I have thought about it a lot and made piece with the descision.

Thank you for reading :)