Life bores me.I’ve struggled with severe depression and anxiety since I was about 10 years old. I’ve tried different varieties of pills, I’ve had appointments with professionals and been in different treatment programs. Amidst all of this I’ve attempted suicide three times. That aside; I’ve tried my best to distract myself in ways such as hanging out with friends, hobbies... you get the idea. Long story short - I’ve literally tried anything within range to help myself get better. Nothing has helped in the long run thus far and it has only gotten worse.
During these years I’ve done my best to conclude the whys, the whats and the whens. At first I believed it was the passing of my father that caused it all, and maybe even my childhood, but lately I’ve been starting to believe that neither two are a core reason at all. You see, ever since my teenage years I’ve always felt incomplete, unhappy, unfulfilled and like I’m not the main character in my own life. An outcast. Only a stepping stone for all the people that have walked in and out of my life - a bottomless resource you might even call it. In a way this’ll perhaps sound contradicting but I’ve always prioritised other people and their wellbeing as a way to distract myself from my own, because it always made me feel good when my friends and family were happy. A temporary bliss, sort of. Other than that I’ve tried to fill this hollowness inside of me with the love of former boyfriends. Hasn’t led anywhere, obviously. Sadly I’m at a point in life now where not even the wellbeing of my friends and family is a good enough reason to stay. Metaphorically speaking - my life is like the roots of a big tree. See, the roots represent different paths in my life, but they all lead to the same source. The base of the tree. No matter what I do, what path I take, I will always end up in the same place.
As I said; I’ve done my best to conclude and I’ve indeed concluded. This life is not for me. I’ve come to realisation that in this world of concrete, I will never feel complete or fulfilled. I will never feel happy, because strictly speaking - life bores me. And finally being able to be honest with myself after such a long time of struggles and denial truly has such a liberating and calming effect on me. I’m done carrying this weight on my shoulders, I’m done pretending and I’m done going the opposite direction of a one-way road. I don’t want to live, and why force myself to do something I don’t want to do? I’m sorry but I give in.