I planned to kill myself before my 23rd birthday. I'm 23 now and losing everything, I wish I had gone through with killing myselfFor some reason I've always had this feeling like I should kill my self before I turned 23. I can't really explain, but I knew for certain I should die before midnight on my birthday this year.

But as the day got closer, I found more reasons to keep going. At midnight on my birthday I was sitting in a Lyft on my way home after a night out with friends, and I thought I would feel relieved, but I still had this ominous feeling like I made a mistake.

A month later, I understand why.

I feel like I'm losing everything now. What set off this post is that my landlady wants me to move out of my room, which contains my entire life, into a tiny one where I will have no privacy or quiet. Because her daughter is moving home with her boyfriend and wants my room.

But that isn't the worst of it. There have been some other little things- money worries and trouble with college mainly. There has also been my father's ongoing battle with cancer, and my older sister's constant struggle with severe mental illness. And through it all my family looks to me to be strong and give them something to be proud of. As far as they know I am the happy one, the thriving one. I let them put their troubles onto me because I feel like I owe that to them.

What is really getting me though, is that the people I consider second parents to me just got denied their green cards. They did everything right and they've been living in the US for three years, but the government says it's not enough. They applied for a working visa and got initial approval from the US government, but had to immediately go back to their home country in Eastern Europe to complete the process. They will have to do an interview and then if it goes well they can collect their papers and come back.

They are my dance instructors, and dance was the thing that pulled me out of my depression two years ago when my father was first diagnosed with cancer and I had to move back to my home town to be with him. Dance gave me somewhere to be, and something to look forward to. It was just by chance that I clicked so well with the teacher of my group class and started to take private lessons with him, and later his wife as well. They've been there through so much for me. They started giving me rides to and from lessons when we had to switch studios, and I always felt so safe sitting in the back seat of their car, like the rest of the world would just stop around us and I would have nothing to worry about, because I was with them and they would look out for me like they always did.

Now I don't even know if I'll ever see them again, and that's too much for me to handle. This room thing just pushed me over the edge, because it feels like I just lost my family and now I'm losing my home too.

I should have died before my birthday. If I had known this all was going to happen I would have gone through with it, and I might just go through with it now.