Want to escape this addictionHi, I’m 21

When I was around 15 I attempted suicide because I felt like I didn’t click with the world. Things didn’t make sense to me, I had a hard time making friends (I wasn’t a quiet loser( What I mean by this, is that I know this isn’t how been seen me as or referred to me as, I know it’s a stereotype but I didn’t feel like I fell into this ) I just never had friends to do things with at the weekend etc). I believed that people were either playing a game and intentionally doing and saying stuff to fit in and I didn’t want to play that game. I thought it was either that or that the majority of people just click this is life and they are doing what people are good at doing and enjoy it and there is no fundament fake game (which I realise is mainly the case). 

Anyway, after this I went to a family therapist who helped explain that many times I may be the one not putting in the effort and thinking people are ignoring me, when in reality I was expecting strangers to put in work that I wasn’t. 

Fast forward 6/7 years and I have had relationships, made friends in University, still don’t feel a bit of an outsider when it comes to things most people deal with easily. 

But I have been gripped by gambling addiction. I have been gambling my whole life. This year as I got myself a placement job, I have gambled every paycheque and have also fell into debt with payday loans. 

I won a substantial amount on an online casino Sunday night that would clear all my debts and also give me enough to enjoy life. But I blew it all last night. 

I can’t continue with this condition. Nobody in my family knows and I don’t know how to tell them because there is the mental and financial side to it. 

I honestly now doing see anyway out and just can’t continue living this situation, even if I do come clean and work out a plan I will still be living with 0 money and doing this the past few months has left me depressed, weak, I haven’t been going out with friends, useless, worthless, I have been missing out on events. 

I don’t want to leave the devastation that suicide leaves but I want to escape this situation. I know it’s a long term solution but I think my gambling is a long term condition. 

If I do nothing, I will have to get up tomorrow morning, go to work and spend 8 hours with these problems on my mind, come home panicking that my parents will ask me about the money I promised to pay them this week all while interest is piling up and my opportunity to pay back gets shorter. 

Just escaping the situation seems the best option. 