I'm lost at what to doI don't know who will see this but please just allow me to vent for a moment. 

it's Currently midnight and I can't go to sleep because I'm only having recurring thoughts of suicide and how I will basically pull out my dad's gun from his closet and have my last words and shoot myself blah blah blah. I've been suicidal many times before and have come inches to death but I'm scared for tomorrow because me being me I might just actually go and do it. To be honest I also don't want to keep pretending that I'm just suicidal by not pulling through sadly that's just my stupid fucking personality and won't change. There's plenty of things wrong with me and lets just say me and parents don't get along very well and I'm 18 doing online classes for pre-med still living with them. Every single  time I chat with them whether it be at the dinner table or elsewhere we will argue and it's gotten to the point where I won't talk to any of them. Believe it or not I never used to be like this at all but the more I began to notice how unbelievably petty my mom is to every little thing the more we didn't get along. This women who I still somehow have my utmost respect for will get scrawny about money and her communism agenda in her house it insane. For example I will use her outlet to charge my phone and she'll bring it up in an argument and tell me stop disrespecting her. Of course it's nothing like that though she will immediately berate me. This shits crazy and fucked man I want to get my own life started for me so I can say that I own my stuff for myself but it's nearly impossible in this epidemic. I don't want to sound like that person who says they're funny or playful when they're not but allow it this once because I am a genuinely whole different person outside of my family, it's like a different reality. Oh shit I almost forgot don't get me started on my dad! what the fuck man!

TLDR; I'm a selfish motherfucker who wants to kill himself because he just realized that he is selfish prick /s, I think?. Oh god please help me. Shits crazy I'm not even white, if a white mofo lived with my family it'd be like applying to be a school shooter. All jokes aside please help!