I've promised myself I wouldn't...I guess this is just here to tell my story and have at least one person who will listen. First off, I'd like to say that I've promised myself that I wouldn't commit suicide. There's far too many problems associated with that option, but that doesn't mean that I don't keep thinking about it.
That I don't keep idealizing it.

I just feel like I have so much pain.
I've gone to three people about it so far, but either I'm bad at explaining it, or it's pretty much fundamentally incomprehensible. I feel like my body is somehow wrong, and that there is a body that is somehow right. I feel like I'm crazy for thinking this. My mom thinks I'm crazy, my best friend thinks I'm crazy, and I get the feeling my counselor just wants me to move on from it. It's like they think that it's just a phase, and that doesn't help that I fear the same thing... At least they're accepting of it in a way...

I want to be female. But I know that going for that via hormones, life style changes, and surgery won't give me want. I don't think that I'd be able to pull it off, and I already have a life as people know me, and from what I've seen so far, they wouldn't really be able to accept me that way. Not really. I'd just be weird to them. I'd still be male in their minds. I know this, because I feel the same way. It would just be easier if I were born female.
Of course, one of the problems is that I don't fully accept certain feelings associated with it. I mean: it really is crazy. But at the same time, it's me. And if there's anything I've learned from this it's that, identity is one of the most complex things in the world. I want to be able to accept it, though.

I don't know. I think this has basically turned into a rant at this point... I guess that's all this is really...

I started typing this with the purpose of getting this off my chest somehow. I've already told others, but they don't understand. I've told others who have, but only online and my mom kinda wants me to stop doing that. Again, I fear that she thinks this is just a phase and that me talking to others who feel the same way is somehow keeping me like that... It's just caused me so much pain, and she's really only trying to help, but at the same time, she just can't deal with it... You see, my dad past away recently, and that's causing her enough stress as it is, but I still need help. I still want someone who I can physically go to, have them understand my pain, my feelings, my thoughts, and hold me as I cry... I've done that so much lately...

I've lost hope. I don't what to do anymore. Nothing I can think of would really help, and anything that I can, I just can't see it happening. I feel alone, even when surrounded by others, even when I'm talking to someone who feels the same way and actually can understand... A physical embrace would be so nice...

Anyway, thanks for listening. I've promised myself I won'd, but if you can still give me a reason to look forward to the rest of my life, it would be nice...
I'm only seventeen, and I know I have my whole life ahead of me, and I know I act like a child about this sometimes, but... I hate this pain, I hate that I can't run away from it, and I hate how I react to it... I hate myself...

And I'm sorry...