Pointless rant from a stupid bitch. I seriously think about killing myself every single day but I have 2 cats and a dog that I rescued from bad circumstances to live for. They were fucked up when I first rescued them and now have great lives. Sometimes though I wish I didn't have them because they are prolonging my life. A life I find no point in living. I love my fur children though. I tried finding homes for them that they would be secured in so they wont end up going back to being mentally fucked up like when I first adopted them. I won't hand them over to a disagreeable circumstance if I have anything to say about it though. I worked hard to get them where they're thriving today.

After seeing videos of what happened when someone gives their fur children to a shelter and how fucked up they become I can't let that befell my dog and cats. Like you and me they could become equally fucked up. A lot of people don't take subjects seriously but I do. They're mental health is just as important as a humans and I consider them my equals in every way. I don't understand how someone could just give them to a shelter without a care and be so blase about it. Once you adopt somebody you're responsible for them. That's the end of it. If it was so easy just to give up on a human so many would be under the same circumstances. If we took taking care of animals as we took taken care of human seriously...(idk how to finish that sentence but I hope you understand what I'm coming from)

 Nobody will take them though so my life is being prolonged until they pass or I can secure their futures. I'm just tired of living. I want to die so badly.

I don't use their lives to prevent myself from dying either. In fact I'm accepting of death. Just like a mother for a human child I just want to ensure their futures for I am their mother and see no difference in a human vs an animal. Even if I didn't want to kill myself in case something happens to me I just want them to be safe for when I go. It's odd to say I wish to die before them so I wont have to deal with the heartache but then what would happen to them when I'm gone? Bit if they die before me then I know they were safe and had a beautiful life.

There is my pointless rant.

Signed,
A stupid bitch.