Everything only gets worse for me as time goes on. I have nothing to look forward to, and if I die, then my suffering will end.I am a 23 year-old male. I have no skills, no talents, no special abilities. I can't draw art, I can't write music, and I can't create anything impressive. I'm not funny, I'm not witty, I'm not fun to be around. I'm not interesting, I'm not mysterious, I'm not deep. I'm bad at conversation, I'm not eloquent, I'm not articulate. There is nothing valuable / attractive about me. I have a very ugly face, and I am starting to become fat.

I am a virgin, I have never had a date, never had a kiss, and never flirted with a girl. No girl has ever shown a single sign of attraction to me. The few times that I had a crush on a girl, she began ignoring me and avoiding me like I was airborne AIDS as soon as she found out that I liked her.

I have no skills, no talents, no special abilities. I can't draw art, I can't write music, and I can't create anything impressive. I'm not funny, I'm not witty, I'm not fun to be around. I'm not interesting, I'm not mysterious, I'm not deep. I'm bad at conversation, I'm not eloquent, I'm not articulate. There is nothing valuable / attractive about me. I have a very ugly face, and I am starting to become fat.

My co-workers do not like me. I used to run a successful video game live-streaming website, but now it only has a tiny handful of viewers because all of my viewers have left me. No one I've ever met likes me or values me.

I don't care about myself. I don't like myself. I don't like my life. I no longer enjoy my hobbies, and I am not passionate or enthusiastic about anything anymore.

I'm a virgin loser with no friends who has no personality. I contribute nothing to the world. I am a waste of space, a waste of air, and a waste of life. I will never have a girlfriend because no girl can ever be attracted to a desperate, depressed, self-loathing loser.

I cannot improve my life, because I am already past the age where my personality, skills, and interests have developed. I cannot improve any of the aspects of myself that I hate.

The longer that I am alive, the more pain I feel. There is no point in continuing to live, because every aspect of my life just gets worse as my life goes on. I feel like I am ready for my life to end, because there is nothing to look forward to and everything will only get even worse than it already is. If I am dead, I won't have to suffer anymore.

I have no hope. I don't like myself, and other people don't like me, either. I don't see a reason to continue living. I don't see any reason not to kill myself.