Can I just say how much better this sub is than the suicide hotline?Okay so it's taken me almost 6 months to build up the courage to say it publicly, but the hotline is absolutely horrible.

&lt;RANT&gt;

The last time I was seriously considering the act, I made a post in this sub. And all of the comments were supportive and helpful. A lot of them included ideas of things to try to improve the situation I was in. Then I made the mistake of calling the hotline. I've talked with them a few times in the past, and while this was the worst instance, it wasn't by much. After being on hold for 30 minutes, my call was answered by the most arrogant and rude, least understanding man I've ever had the displeasure of speaking to. I told him I wanted to kill myself. He asked why in the most monotone voice possible. I told him what was going on, and he said, and I quote "well that's rough. I'm glad I don't have it that bad. Is there anything we here can do to help? Because if there isn't, there are a lot of people waiting."

HOLY FUCKING SHIT.

I don't know of anything worse you could say to a depressed person other than flat out telling them to do it and they won't be missed.

Basically what that meant to me was, "Welp! Sucks to be you! Now if you'll excuse me, I have people with real problems to deal with."

So out of desperation I called my sister, who thankfully picked up and told her what was going on.  She came over to be with me and we were talking about it, she was being there for me and helping talk me down when knock knock, it's the COPS! They sent the COPS to my house! So the cops tell me that I am required to go with them to the hospital. I tried telling them that my sister was there to help and that the hospital definitely wouldn't, but they didn't care. Either I was going to the hospital of my own free will, or I was going in handcuffs.

At the hospital they nearly decide to send me to inpatient. The ONLY reason they didn't was because my angel of a sister and her husband came and said I would stay with them and that I would be safe. Never once was I asked why I was feeling this way. Never once was I comforted or reassured.

Oh, and did I mention what one of the requirements to get out of the ER was? A written safety plan. Makes sense. They even have a pre-printed worksheet for you to do it on. And guess what's on the worksheet as a very last resort?

CALL THE DAMN HOTLINE THEY'RE THERE TO HELP

Bullshit. I should have skipped that part and just talked to people who actually give a flying fuck.

&lt;/RANT&gt;

So yeah, I guess if nothing else they're good for sending the cops to come get you if you don't feel like calling them yourself.

Thank you to everyone here who gave suggestions and actually cared enough to try and understand my situation. We all know how much it sucks to be there, and we all wish nobody else ever had to be that low again. But we can't make that happen, so we try and help them out however we can.

You guys are amazing.