Today's my first Suicidal Anniversary! That's right folks, today marks one year since I first wanted to kill myself. My Suicideversary!  So let's try and be a bit more light hearted to a topic as serious as suicide. I've been battling undiagnosed depression since I was 15, but the thought of offing myself first came 2 weeks after I turned 18. I realized that I wasn't ready to be an adult yet, I had so many character and physical flaws I wanted to fix and I had so little time, so saying I want to kill myself kinda became a coping mechanism and a brief anxiety killer. 

  During this one year, I've told two friends about my condition - one was a penpal from New Zealand (halfway across the world) and the other - my closest friend, who happens to live 100 km away. I've managed to fall in love twice during this year, both times my love was requited, and both times my heart was broken in the following two-three weeks. Bummer.

  This was a year of many firsts - for the first time I went to an all girl birthday party and slept in a bed with a girl (still a virgin tho :P). For the first time I traveled abroad alone - I went to the UK for an interview in the University of Cambridge for enrollment (sadly got rejected by them). This was also the year where I had my first kiss ( I was awful at it) and got drunk for the first time.

   Last month I found this subreddit, and you've all been amazing. So much non-judgmental support, I can barely imagine how you manage to love and support a stranger so unconditionally! What an amazing community, I've posted here three times, and after each time I've felt dramatically better.

  On the other hand, this was the year where I first attempted suicide. There's a huge bridge less than 5 km away (30 minutes by bike, 5 minutes by car) that's known for being a big suicide spot and it's listed on wikipedia as one of the most prominent suicide bridges. I walked all the way over there and just stood there for half an hour, watching the clear black sea reflect a moonless starless night sky. I chickened out and called a friend. After a 30 minute casual conversation on the phone I told her that I loved her very much (not the first time) and went back home. It would have been so great if that was the last time I thought about suicide, though. But things are never that easy - I reckon there's been around two weeks at most this year when I haven't thought about killing myself. God I need help.