I'm so depressed I don't even feel like making a throwaway account for this.Where do I even start...

I've been struggling with loneliness pretty much all my life. I remember not a single kid at kindergarten wanted to play with me. Since then, I've had a few friends (or at least I thought they were friends) here and there but they've all stopped talking to me. I became irrelevant as soon as I left the school where I met them.

Right now I'm 18, in the last year of high school (that's how it works in my country) and still have nobody to really talk to. There's my mother but she doesn't understand anything and always invalidates my problems (more on that later), and my long-distance girlfriend who hates talking about "deep" stuff.

I'm non-binary. (You're probably sick of reading by now anyway, so you might as well go on ahead to the comments section and tell me that there are only 2 genders and I should just accept the one I was born with. I know it's true, and I deserve it.) I first questioned my gender identity years ago, when I thought I was trans. My country, including its healthcare system, is very conservative in terms of gender so nobody really understood or wanted to help me. That ended up making me repress my feelings and try to force myself to identify as the gender I was assigned at birth. It's been kinda working, until recently. I've been trying to come out to people including my mother and my therapist. However, everyone's saying it's all just because of the whole coronavirus fiasco. That I'm just being weird because I'm forced to stay home and have no idea what to do so I get anxious. My mother even went to some sort of sex doctor who said the same thing. There's nothing more invalidating than qualified professionals telling you to just wait it out. 

So yeah. I have no friends, and if I come out and/or start dressing the way I want everyone's going to hate me even more. There's no way I will ever get anyone to like me for who I really am, since I can't even get them to like me for someone I'm not. Without this sort of acceptance, I just feel like I'm a useless, worthless burden on society. I want to kill myself but I have no idea how to actually do that. I don't live on a high enough floor for jumping out of the window to work, and I'm terrible at any sort of manual labour so I can't use like a knife or something. I'm probably just going to stop eating and drinking. That seems like the easiest way, fitting for someone as lazy and weak as me.

This is probably going to sound corny as fuck but if you've read through all of this, I really appreciate it. If you don't feel like commenting just give me an upvote. That will at least show me that what I have to say is sort of valuable. (inb4 getting banned for vote manipulation)