Im 16 and i just can't anymore it over for meIm tired of life , Im tired of school, and im tired of my mother. I have no friends I have nothing anymore its over. Everytime people talk about get some help with depression they just say talk to your friends. But guess what not all of us have friends or anyone to turn too.People told me it was going to get better and it was getting better but the coronavirus destroyed that. Now im back to square one. For a good portion of my life i have been abused physically and verbally by my fathers gf and my bi polar brother. My mother is very unsympathetic to how I feel she laughs at my struggles and just called my weak for wanting to die. My self esteem was completely destroyed in school and will never recover. I think i have depression but ive never seen a professional my mother won't let me and insist i talk to her even though she will never take me seriously . For eight long years i had to deal with this crap. Even if my mom would let me get help i couldn't im too scared too even call a hotline. When it comes to schooI can't bring myself to do classwork anymore and now i have to do summer online school and that was the last straw for me. Im done. When I die in the next few weeks to a month I'll be wearing my favorite cloths and I don't want my body to be found. I will look for a nice spot for my body tomorrow mabey. I just can't if done all I can. But without help of any kind living to adulthood was just a step to far. I had such grand plans  for my future that i will take with me to the grave. My only regrets it that i never got to a country that ive wanted to go to for years. For some reason i feel a strong connection to that country and feel more comfortable speaking their language than my own. The other is that i never got to talk to my crush. My crush motivated my to get past tough obsticals but i guess i won't ever talk to her. Its probably better of this way she probably would have rejected me anyway. It laughable to think anyone could ever love me.