Journal entries I wanted to share?

Oct 
Hey man, you started cutting since the last time I talked to you I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you, you know that right? I’m sorry Ik you probably just wish I’d end it instead of hurting you, I’m sorry. For some reason you won’t let me give up idk which one of us is fighting but one of us is. I’m sorry, your crying right now Danny stop, you’re being a bitch your brain is just damaged but your being a bitch. Your sitting with the knife in your hand writing this Danny please don’t you don’t need it. We don’t need it really it’s fine, Ik you hate hearing that but we’re fine I think? I mean other people seem to laugh it off but your on the edge of suicide Lmaoo why am I laughing at myself? Why am I crying? Pitying myself again? Fuck you. You did this shit so fix it stop bitching Nd just do, like everyone else does. Just do, don’t cry just be, just exist so that you can function for everyone, that seems to work. Shut in if you have to idc just stop causing yourself pain stop making us kill ourselves unless your really gonna do it. Everyone kinda laughs off your mental issues Danny I’m sorry Ik your really hurting, here I go talking to myself again I’m really a psychopath lmao Danny Ik your hurting if no one else will acknowledge how serious I will, I know your dying it’s okay tho just let it happen. No more moods, no more people, no more crying, no more talking to myself, no more sitting alone to fix you, no more hiding from others so they don’t run, no more pain, no more breathing? No more caring, no more laughing, no more feeling, no more smiles, no more anything. That sounds nice. Heyy Danny I’m sorry you’re getting close you know, just tell them you love them at least just say your sorry for once just not to me. Danny we’re okay I think. You did that thing again lmao you said you wouldn’t you lied, fucking dumbass stop being a bitch Lmaoo . Hey Danny if you’re still here tomorrow, I wanna talk to you okay let me make sure you’re fine, Ik works is gonna be hard alone, but hey you got me I’ll hold you okay just hang on. If no one else will I’ll hold you, I’ll cry for you, just please stay. Please, okay?

Oct 
Hey, I told you I’d talk to you. I told you I’d check on you I think your fine, hurting still but fine you slept off last night dumbass Ik what you did, she was callin for you yesterday or I think so? she loves you, stop. Stop, She doesn’t know you’re dying so it’s fine maybe she would if she knew how serious it was, so stop cuz she loves you, I think? you’re dying. Thank you for not doing it your still crying lmao idk why tho this why I hate you. Heyy you talk about hurting yourself a lot I just came to that realization why not just do it? You know talking about it is just seeking attention but your only saying it to me? Danny you’re okay right?you won’t actually do it? Hey that knife it hurt yesterday you tried to go deeper it hurt so you stopped but still you tried why? Why stop?. I guess you are weak, couldn’t do it Nd couldn’t  take it?lmao. I’m sorry I did it to you I’m sorry. You asked me not to do it and I did it sorry, take some responsibility tho you know it was you just actually do it then your close so just do it. Your going off to work like this no one to talk to or keep your mind off just try to hold, I told you I’d hold with you just fucking shut it in again why tf did you let it out we fucking had this shit and here you go letting it out wtf Danny. We we’re  fine why’d you let it out, now we’re dying the doc said so, your friends say it jokingly and you laugh but, you know you’re really dying right? You’re starving yourself you don’t sleep anymore, you’re ingesting so many pills this way and drinking so many drinks you have daily chest pains no one knows lol you see and feel the toll it’s taking right? You’re killing you’re body slowly, lets be honest that’s kinda what you want if you won’t do it yourself this will work. Just wish it was faster. You were working out to feel good, then you started starving yourself now your losing it all why are you still trying just fucking it all up. Heyy that girls still there she still says she loves you that’s dope but for how long? I’m waiting for you to fuck it up you fucking dumbass you know you’re getting close to more then one thing, just tell them before you go just fucking tell them. Stop crying alone no one can see you anyway just stop it go do something, go be, go smile or try just go act like we used to, no emotions no worries no pain just go hold, hold for now so one day you can tell someone Heyy I made it, Even if that someone is you, me?  I’ll be happy okay Danny? Just be happy for me Danny love for me if you won’t love for you live for me, I’m you you know just not the you that has to deal with the pain or you do I guess cause your crying right now but it feels good? Which am I? Not the happy?, the other you? make me happy so you can be happy, and one day tell me about it okay? I love you kid now go ahead and live kid go live I’ll talk to you later? I wanna know your okay so I’ll check on you if no one else will okay? I love you kid, later. 

I wrote these recently to myself when I have sudden changes in mood, I find them weird in the way that I write in that this is nowhere near how I am normally I don’t talk much and I don’t show much emotion but writing seems to be like another me in more way then one, just thought it’s be interesting to see what others think