I just can't do anythingI'm just in shock and I haven't stopped crying for days

First off, I've had really bad depression and anxiety since childhood since to my dad passing, growing up in a dysfunctional and unsupportive family, etc.

I met a girl last year who I completely fell in love with. I had been in 2 other serious relationships before this but this is the first time someone has been so crazy in love with me just like I am for them. My girlfriend and I have gone through a lot together-- she's been homeless, I've been homeless, we both don't like our families, we both don't have friends pretty much (reason for me is because I can't connect/get along with most people and I honestly just rather be alone). 

We've met several times before but for the most part we've been long-distance (SF-&gt;LA) and it's been horribly stressful. Anyway, she told me a few days ago that because of all the stress and depression this relationship has put her through, she never wants to be with me (or anyone else) *ever* again, and that's she 100% sure about it. She says she's still in love with me and I feel it, but I can't help but feel so fucking sad. We dated for almost a year and did so much together. We talked about marriage and having kids like all the time. Now I have to deal with this on top of all of my other problems. 

She wants me to visit her sometime in the fall because we're still close friends and she loves me a lot but ffs, I keep almost calling her "babe" and remembering that it's not okay to say that anymore. Idk how I'll be able to hang out with her normally and have a good time. When we hang out over skype lately I keep crying and it ruins the mood kinda.

Idk, I still want her in my life but this whole thing makes me want to die. I've been in the hospital 7 or 8 times in my life already (21 now) for feeling suicidal. No matter what, my mind always comes to this. I'm so stuck on having a romantic relationship that I can hardly appreciate having her as a friend that I can talk to anytime. I feel selfish for wanting to kiss her and whatnot and idk. Have things back to normal again. 

We talked about our future kids literally everyday, it was exciting for the both of us to imagine a good life together, and now it won't happen. She doesn't want a relationship ever again. I'm going in circles but I just can't get over it.

It's whatever. Idk what'll happen to me I just fucking give up. This is my third breakup already. She's the light in my life and I want to make her so happy but idk it hurts. I haven't been able to stop crying for days and every night I have dreams of her