I'm done. This is it.I finished writing it. Its indecent, but I'm ready. The internet is a fascinating place where even the most insignificant person can be heard. 

***

It isn't my place to say that everything and everyone will be alright. 

This isnt a straightforward response. I can't explain it. Not in words, at least.

The nucular option would be to tell you everything, but that would spell mutually-assured destruction.

Theres no denying the absurdity of it all. How juvenile it seems. But it's so simplistic, and that makes it all the worse.

I know. This isn't something you want to be reading. But I've done all I can. The rest is up to you. 

At least your best attempt of understanding will give you some semblance of agency. If you can't, at least forgive me for what I've done. I want you to forgive me. 

I can only hope that the ramifications of my death will be limited to a few people, for a very limited amount of time. Unfortunately, I know of the value I hold in your hearts, and I can't fathom how something as traumatic as a suicide can leave permanent, lasting, or even generational scars.

Please don't let this darkness, this ugly partisanship that masquerades as personal failure plague you because I had the desire to plunge into it's depths. The fiddle struggle to convincingly function like a normal 13 year-old girl leaves me little capacity not to do just that.

It's easier to just arm myself in the dark with the lights out and the curtains drawn, and I'm sorry you can't see why. I'm left with only me as a stimulant, left with the unrelenting quandaries of my mind. A daydream of silence and tranquility. The blackness, lethargy, hopelessness, and loneliness is all hauntingly beautiful.

I feel like you care too much for someone who doesn't deserve it. I don't hate you for that. It just makes me sorry, that there isn't someone else who could've loved you better. Been better.

The pure and simple unadulterated flow of thought. The honesty. This is it. This is what you wanted. I can't hide it anymore. I just needed you to think that I was normal. I just really needed that from you.

I know you say that you can hear it in my voice. I'm sorry I'm not strong enough to hide it.

But It's not all that bad. The heightened self-consciousness, apartness, physical shame and self-loathing, the inability to fit in. Those devils have been my angels. My light in the darkness. The things that have made and unmade me.

But I can't shake this feeling that something's wrong.

Maybe we all have that darkness inside of us and some of us are just better at repressing it than others.

The more sensational aspects of my own rapid climb into suicidal ideation became more apparent, more perrenial, over the past year, yes. But this doesn't obscure the fact that I was too blind to think that it would be right to continue to live before then.

The scrupulous policing of my inner voice has finally got to me.

I am looking forward to it, to the absence of it all

Let this letter then serve as a sense of clarity for those of equivalent mediocrocy. A letter to read on occasion to remind yourself that I'm not special in any way. My worth as a person is measured by my productivity, and there's not much left of that.

I can't help but be lethargic.

I know, this is beginning to be disorganized, jumbled. I wish the words I want to write would come easily to me. I ushally have a very meandering and circumlocotory writing style, I wish I could write this properly. I can't even write this properly.

In all honesty, no one will ever be a better critic of myself than I am, so, what would someone else's opinion about me matter, in the least.

I'm tired of this bullshit. I'm tired of these empty justifications I keep telling myself for the redemption of my own sanity. 

I can do better things with my life. I know my potential. I'd like to know my potential, anyway.

The future is all I can think about these days. 

It hurts being a lackadaisical perfectionist.

All my life, I've been spoiled with nurtured upbringings, a loving family, realistic role models--things that I never deserved.

There have been days where I grow so tired of waiting, and I thought about ending it all without a clue as to why I had done it. The knife drawer gets luring sometimes. I can't stop thinking about how gratifying my blood would look on one of the blades. On the floor. My fingertips.

I just supplement my successes from random anecdotes and quotes from successful people and nothing actually original that I've done. I'm just perpetuating the same goddamn stigma of the same bullshit over, and over, and over again.

I knew I wouldn't be able to focus. I can't focus.

Sometimes I just stare. 

I talk to myself more than I should. Real conversations. I know the context, but there's some other person in me that I need to talk to.

I'm at peace with my sadness, the last thing I need is to be happy.

Every morning I see blood on my fingertips, because I know I'm going to be the death of me.

Killing oneself is, anyway, considered a misnomer. People are inclined to think, about a suicide, that no fight was involved, that somebody simply gave up. We don't kill just ourselves. We are simply defeated by the struggle to stay alive. How is it any different when you are under attack by your own mind?

Once someone has been deemed a victim of having suicidal thoughts, it's that much easier to file them away as damaged, inhuman, and the so called "psychoticly depressed". I have done this due to the abstract conviction that life's assets and debits simply do not square. My difficulties in life merely precipitate the event—and the true suicide type manufactures these difficulties. Any sane person knows that the reasons for suicide are invariably psychopathological. I just can't take it anymore. 

You never can tell, though, with suicide notes, can you? In the planetary aggregate of all life, there are many more suicide notes than there are suicides. That's for the better, I suppose.

That's the thing about it: a human being can survive almost anything, as long as they see an end in sight. But this is so insidious, and it compounds daily, that it's impossible to ever see the end.

Sadness is more or less like a mild cold - with patience, it will eventually pass. But this, this is hoping that there will be a time when it will be able to pass because your not certain it ever will.

That is all I want: for this pain to seem purposeful. But it only seems to prove wrong.. 

I wonder what you think of me.

I would be nice to leave like I never existed; I don't want anyone to remember me. I don't want to hurt anyone. It would be so much easier knowing that you wouldn't care.

The absence I feel is the indisputable proof that there was something that could be lost; and I let go of it.

The smallest, most simplistic things are scaring me. 

I wish I couldn't speak English. I wish I could've never gone to school to learn only the simplistic things so I would be forced to lose myself in the complexity of what I'll never be able to learn. I wish I could suffer. Be without water, food, love, education. I don't deserve it at all. I've never liked privilege. I wish I couldn't comprehend reality anymore. I can't explain what it's like. It just is. 

I get so scared when you make references to the future.

I'm too tired of being a screw-up, but I'm too tired to act on it. I don't find the point.

Most of the cut's on my arms are faded now. I wish they were still there.

Even this is still a testament to my privilege.

I know you won't understand. I wish you could. I really do.

It's not because I didn't try hard enough, but because I had wasted my time waiting for the motivation to do so.

I can't stay. I must go. I am going to another place. Where, I frankly do not know. Though logic dictates that it can only be an improvement. 

Please donate my body to science. I have no use being buried six-feet underground. 

In the end, life's only just a fiddle struggle against time. I don't have time.

It's okay. I'm not scared anymore. I know you wouldn't have wanted me to be scared.

I hope the container of money under the name of "For Family" can support your troubles affiliated with my death. Give it to a good charity, I don't care which one. I have no use for it now. I never deserved it, anyway. 

Even if I were able to outmatch this, for it to loosen its grip from my existence, I wouldn't be able to stay. I wouldn't want to, anyway.

Finnegan, you ought to know, you were my best friend. You were. I know you loved me. I loved you. And it kills me to think of it. What hurts most is that I never truly said goodbye. I'll never touch you again. I'll never feel the disgusting wetness of your nose again. I'll never wake up with a sense of urgency when you start to shake and whimper stuck in dreams at midnight again. I'll never look into your sweet, brown eyes again. I'll never sneek food to share with you again. I'll never say your name again.

I tried, and to know that wasn't good enough haunts me. I'm sorry I couldn't be stronger for you.

As my final moments tick away, I'll wonder what little impact these words will make. Will anyone listen? Will anyone pause and take their time to pay attention to my stupid, rudimentary candor? 

And even if they do, will it just be a temporary salve for their ego, to convince themselves that it was only a travesty of what they think happened?

Will it even work? Will I be donning that sky-blue, dignity-depriving hospital gown soon? Or will it have zero effect?

I'm not sure, but life, as we know, is never without a sense of irony, and we are so helpless against it. 

Perhaps my passing will only prove a footnote in a school year book. I simply do not care.

If my death makes the life of one person more bearable, or at least a little more enlightened, do I truely die in vain?

I hope you find peace in knowing that I'm no longer in pain.

That is the only consolation that I have right now.

Farewell forever,

(My full name)

P.S. Give Finnegan a hug for me, please.

Premeditated Meditation for you to follow:

I'm emploring you to take care of yourselves and to never take this personally. 

Alleviation and recovery comes from taking responsibility; to gather yourself to realize that it is you - and only you - that takes control of and can suppress your actions, opinions, and emotions. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learn to map out the contours of my collective ignorance. Learning is the only thing for you to focus on now.

Do this out of respect for me. Let's take five breaths together, okay? Seriously, do it. If we're going to face something big, let's do it in a good frame of mind. Again; out of respect for me, alright?

Breath in slowly. One, two, three, four. Hold it in. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Exhale slowly. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Hold. One, two, three, four. Release.

(Repeat four more times)

Better? No? It will take time.

I am pained by the idea that I'm absent while you're in distress. Which is why this is important. If you earnestly re-read this enough when your feeling down, eventually you won't need to read it at all. You'll have internalized your ability to calm down, even from a really dark place. If we can accomplish that together, that can give value to the darkness. Our job is not so much to overcome, but to create a space for patience. Please, do not grieve my absence. Time heals everything, eventually.

Keep breathing. You've got to keep breathing.