Help neededOkay, so I feel like I should end this life. I've been living for 16 years now, and where has it brought me? Indeed, nothing. I've never accomplished a single thing in this life. I’m tired as fuck, as a result of having way too little sleep. My parents get angry at me for being so easy to irritate, probably because I’m tired but I can’t really help that. Still they do get angry and not just about that. It seems to me that they do not understand me, but they’re not trying to either. When I broke down right in front of them, all they said was: 'Don't be sad, it'll be alright. There is no reason to be sad and cry' and 'We'll send you to a hospital if you don't behave normally'. I haven't let myself out to them since. They’re just incredibly ignorant. I won't tell they don't love me, but all they do is insult me and breaking me down with their 'jokes'. They want me to  perform well at school, and I can understand that. But now, I'm sent to a homework institute and I do not like it. They just want me to achieve, like a machine. Feelings don't matter, as long as they can tell their son is *'smart'* and he does well at school. This life severely sucks to me. I've been let down by everyone. I was grown up christian and used to believe in a god. I've never seen a single sign of there being a god and he never helped me. My friends are just some people who try to profit from me. Though I do have one friend I really can trust, but when I tell him I want to end it, he tells me to stop talking about that because he doesn't want to talk about it and that I should just take that idea out of my thoughts. Well, I can't take the idea out and it gets dark, real dark when I talk to myself. I've tried to end this shitty life. I have been weakening myself by eating less and taking pills to prepare. Then I went to the railway tracks, waiting for the cargo train. But when it came, I didn't dare to jump. I am weak, just a fucking coward. I really wanted to quit it and I still can't really understand why I backed off. I was so close, yet failed. Just like I did my entire life. Everything would look great, and when I get close to the end, it collapses and fails. I'll be taking exams in May 2019. My school career has been relatively good, but this year it all started to break down. I just can't get myself to either study or concentrate. I'll probably fail them if this continues. Somewhere, I should get help. But due to the fact I got loads of work to do and I sort of don't really want to be helped, I won't have time for this until the exams are over. But when I do fail, I will give up. I'd want to stay, but I can't. Life is too hard. god isn't there to look after you. If god even exists, god just made me to suffer. I'm cursed. I'm a giant fucking mess.
Please help me

