It legitimately feels "right" for me to die. I didn't think about suicide literally until I was 11 years old, but before that I was very obsessed with the concept of death in the sense that I would disappear from the world around me, like being taken away to a magical land (Neverland, in my mind). Childhood was pretty shitty so I had an unhealthy habit of escapism that has had some serious tolls on my mental health today.    
 So after 11 years of age, I thought about it a lot, threatened to do it, but never got around to it until 3 months ago when I decided to just off myself with a bottle of pills. Didn't work, but I knew I didn't want it to, I just wanted to manipulate the people close to me by convincing them that I was actually serious about it. A warning, in other words. I want to kill myself to spite others, but in another mindset, I want to do it because it just "feels right." I feel like my time has long been past.    
 I really don't know what to do. I have many talents, I'm attractive, I got into the university of my choice, yadda yadda...but it just doesn't feel right to be alive. I'm already seeing a psychiatrist as a result of the suicide attempt but it doesn't really help. It's just something to do.    
 I feel like Frodo, to be honest. I've been through crap and yet even if I saved the world in the end, it just doesn't make sense to go on. Don't mean to sound self-pitying; I really, really wish I had the inner-strength and resilience of Sam.    
 What's scares me is that I have this side that I have developed over the years as a result of the abuse in my childhood and so on; I can manipulate pretty easily, guilt-trip the shit out of someone, etc. Something I learned from my mom as a kid. It scares me that I have the potential to become that...dark. There's other stuff but all in all, it just doesn't feel right to be alive. I can't see a future ahead of me but more pain, and I've lived in it for a very, very long time. I just can't seem to catch a break no matter how hard I try.    
 I think because of how young I was when the bad things happened, that depression is just my core being, and I have to constantly fight against it. It's a constant, struggling uphill battle. And to be frank, I've grown quite tired of it because I see no peak in the mountain.