hurtingI need to vent... I've had attempts in my recent enough past and have felt so desperately close at times in the past couple of months to making another one. After the last one I got out and actually saw a psych and got on antidepressents. This was in large the help from my best friend. It's for her sake that I really keep trying though it's so very hard. At the same time, I've another friend who I've taken in as my roommate while she get's back on her feet.  

She has faced and has so much of the same trauma that I do as well. A couple of the highlights are Major Depression; Rape; Transgender. We formed a suicide pact as a way to try and keep going so long as either of us has the smallest amount of energy. That's if any action is taken it has to be done unanimously and together. It's helped for the past year or so now with us each having turns being really bad off.

Yesterday she wasn't well. We were texting each other while I was at work and I let her know I'd be calling in around 40 min to actually talk with her. We did keep texting and when the time came I called and I could barely understand her as it was garbled at times but either way I worked to support her. Later that evening when she had gone in to work, I joined her there so we could talk abit and so that I could better support her even more. Turns out the ungarbled story was that she kept spiraling and made an attempt. She was going for strangulation with bondage rope I have in my room. I had called as she felt she was starting to lose consciousness but had the presence of mind to adjust her weight to stop the process. If I had called five minutes later she'd be dead at home and I'd have joined her when I arrived. We renewed our promises of no drinking alone and no attempts alone.  

So of course now today I'm really not doing well myself. I get bad off and then have the urge to dig in deeper to my depression as it feels so familiar. I'm left thinking that maybe I'd be free by now if I hadn't called. That my mind works against me trying to convince me that my best friend would be better without me. She's the beneficiary in my will so it would help her financially with I know is nothing compared to how I try to help her emotionally. But it's like I told her recently, that I feel like I'm only hiding or swallowing my pain and sadness constantly in order to help her or the roommate. I've cried myself to sleep so often lately that it's now the norm.  

I guess I'm just tired and really want to be finished. I've an immeasurable amount of self hate that feels like it'll never be better. I'm never NOT going to be trans. I wish my bestie would just hate me or that I could run away from everything and just disappear. Things are getting really intense lately with the breakdowns and I guess this is me asking for help or just kind words from strangers. The roommate and I have taken 2 trips now that we had talked about very possibly turning into a final trip but the bestie joined us on both. That kept us from taking any actions but both times the besties feeling have been hurt unintentionally which results in a semisweet sort of trip. Overall probably alittle more positive but not as great as it could've been for all of us. The bestie is of course dealing with major depression herself so we're just one hell of a friend group...  

So yea... I'm tired and hurting. I'm doing what I can to try and keep going but the depression is still always right there beside me. We've been losing weight together as a group, doing these trips like camping and such, we've all been trying to go for better mental health with our own therapists and antidepressents. I've got half of the roommates and my planned method. The roommate ordered that half when she was previously crashed. Thing is I previously had ordered the entire thing myself back in September? I was destitute and just couldn't stop crying and hurting so badly that I ordered it all. Within the 3 day delivery window though the bestie helped put me back together enough that I let her know I had it so she could take it all and dispose of it. She did and that's when she had me get out to the psych... Just... things aren't well...