Late night thoughts of a lonely girl.Technically, everything should be okay. There isn't really anything wrong in my life. Most of the time I'm actually pretty happy. Or at least I convince myself that I am. I'm not sure if it's real happiness or if it's just me starting to believe my own lies. I'm too proud to ever admit to anyone that I'm actually not feeling too great. If you just look at my facebook page, you'd think I was the happiest, most energetic and life-loving people ever. I constantly make an effort to make sure that everyone around me believes I'm super happy and living the dream, I feel like I need to prove to everyone that I, too, can end up living an amazing life. And sometimes I believe it myself. But then there are times like... right now. Me sitting alone at 1 A.M on a Sunday night, I've been crying completely silently for almost an hour now, listening to Mozart and wondering why I feel so empty and hopeless and so completely alone when I'm really not... there's no reason to feel any of it, and I feel guilty and unappreciative of everything I have. 

I need to be up in 6 hours but I have a feeling I'm not even going to get to bed tonight. I don't want to go to bed. I'm terrified of going to bed, of lying there in the dark, alone in a big double bed, rolling around unable to sleep and just crying, and crying, and crying. Not like it's much different from what I'm doing now, I'm just not in the dark or lying down, but I feel like going to bed would be just that tiny bit worse I'm not sure I can handle at the moment. But what's the point anyway? I would wake up with my eyes totally swollen from crying and would probably end up calling in sick and just sleeping until 1-2 pm and then wallowing in self loathing for wasting the whole day and only damaging myself more. 

I felt so lonely I logged onto a video chat site that I've been frequenting on and off since around May... in hopes that I would see some familiar usernames and faces, in hopes that someone would talk to me. Not necessarily about how crap I feel right now. But just talk. About anything. Every day stuff. Joke around. Needless to say, no-one did and I lurked for a good hour or so, and saw that someone who I had talked to quite a lot for many months in private messages had logged in 5 minutes ago. I messaged him, feeling instantly better because we would talk and I would feel just a little less lonely. He didn't answer, though, I think he logged off before I got to message him. It made me feel even lonelier than before, though it's obviously not his fault. But still... I would've liked for someone to talk to me. Ask me how I am. Come to think of it, I don't remember when someone has last asked me that. It would be nice. Even if I know I would just say "fine, thanks", it would still be nice if someone cared enough to just for once ask how I'm doing. Or even if they didn't care and just asked because it's the polite thing to do, because it's just what you're supposed to ask when you talk to someone you haven't talked to in a bit. 

Aaand I know no one will probably ever read this. It's too long and rambly. Strangely, I'm kind of okay with that, because there are people with real problems here that deserve the attention so much more than I do. And besides, I guess I just needed to type out my thoughts, maybe it gave me a little relief. Also, I remembered I have so much booze in the closet. I think I'm going to get completely trashed right now and see where that takes me tonight, it can either be the worst or the best therapy I could ask for. But maybe I can stop crying when I'm too drunk to function. That would be nice. 