Just listen to me rant pleaseI hate that I can't talk to anyone.

You know, sometimes I just want to sit down and cry and have someone to listen to me and tell me that it's okay, even if it doesn't matter and they don't care and I don't really believe them

It seems like my whole life all of my best friends have better friends than me. God. From the first person I ever connected with at all--in retrospect, I really didn't, and I was doing everything and changing everything I did just so I would be her friend because I didn't want to be in middle school and alone and not have a group to fit in with. When I should have been studying and making fiends who I fit in with and doing well so I didn't screw up and never study for a few years.

I guess I should have realized when I stopped really mattering to her. If I ever did.

And now my two close friends... I only talk to one of them over IM, and sometimes it's just surreal that we're actually friends. Because it's been almost three years since I've known him and we talk almost every day, and it's the closest friendship I've probably ever had. Logically I know that I mean something to him, and he's not going to just not notice if I just up and vanish one day, but I can't help feeling like I'm nothing to him.

He has almost the perfect life, in a way, from my perspective. He has a family--a little brother, two little sisters, and both parents living together in a giant house--a brilliant private school that makes my (public) school look like a joke, a passion for learning, knowledge of what he wants to do and how he's going to do it (in life, college and afterward), a brain that accomplishes three or four times what I can do with no effort at all, and a freaking boyfriend of six and a half years. Senior fucking year of high school. 

My other friend, she's... I've only known her for two years, been good friends less than one, but she's my closest friend as far as real life goes (but she graduated in June, and I didn't). I think I have a crush on her, too. Which, I dunno about, even, 'cause I identify as bi but I haven't had so much as a crush on anyone since I came up with that at the grand old age of twelve, and I don't know if I MEANT it at the time or I was just doing the stupid twelve-year-old let's-fit-in-with-my-friends thing. But god, I (think)'m crushing on her more than I've ever crushed on anyone before, but I don't know if it's that I really like her or I'm just desperate for a relationship or a friendship or what. She's the first person who I could sit with in real freaking life and just laugh with and do anything with in years, since seventh grade, she's the only person who ever wants to see me and talk to me and I don't know why she even puts up with me because I just say the stupidest things around her and I don't do anything and, god, I don't know.

Her, too, though, she's had friends who she talks to all the time for years and I'm really nothing like them, and it just makes me feel like I'm silly for thinking that she's a really good friend of mine because I've known her for less than a year as opposed to more than three or four.

It's petty but I really just want a boyfriend. Or a girlfriend. Whichever. Whatever. Or just... any friend, someone who cares about me as much as I care about them.