How can I overcome my gambling addiction and to the point I want to commit suicide?I've been playing a video game on and off for 14 years since 2004 which is called RuneScape. I was a teenager when I started playing the game and gradually quit my social life and high school job to play this game for hours on end. I eventually dropped out of high school during my senior year which I regretted till this day. I had a part time job at Smoothie King and quit because of this game. I never talked to my middle and high school friends ever since 2004. I'm still living with my old parents today and they still support me with food, a roof over my head, electricity, water, gas, phone bills, etc. but they sometimes tells me "if you don't want to get a job in the real world then why not get a "work at home" job since I'm tech savvy especially with online video games" and I tell them, yeah sure, I'll get one "soon" but I never do it because I'm lazy and anti-social and English isn't my first language, unfortunately. Anyways, to the point of this topic, I had alot of fun in this game and saved up to a good amount of in-game money to the point where I didn't need to buy any in-game armors or weapons or anything in-game, literally. One day in 2011, I started "gambling" away my in-game money to the "Duel Arena" which is a place in the game where you gamble your money to fight other players and if you win, you get to keep your money and their items or money, depending on what they put up. At first, I was winning most of these "duels" and eventually I got greedy and went "YOLO" and put everything I owned up and unfortunately... lost the "duel". I got over it at first and left the game until 2016 and got back into it and started from scratch and eventually saved up a decent amount of in-game money and once again decided to "gamble" it all away again and this time I lost again. However, this time I didn't get over it and used my parent's credit cards without their permission and spent over $2000 on more in-game money and guess what? I went back to the same place where I lost my in-game money and once and for all, went in with a mindset of "if I win, I'm breaking even from my losses over the years. If I lose, fuck it, it's just $2000 which I can get back and pay my parents again when I get a job" and yes, I lose the "duel" again. Now, why you might ask "it's 2 years later, you got over it, right? What's the problem here?" Well... I got back into the game again and played it normally without spending any real money and got up to a point where I could go to the "duel arena" and fight other players for in-game money again... I won a couple first duels and finally "YOLO" it again and God was unfortunately not on my side for the final time. I'm really tempted to commit suicide because I'm really useless to my family and friends since I do not work, not have a HS diploma, or any job/skill experience and I waste alot of my parent's money on my never turned off computer, laptop and energy drinks I buy to keep me awake to play the game for 10-16 hours a day. I feel like once I'm gone of this world, my parents and friends will be much happier. Thanks for reading.