i am emptyThis started with me needing to do some homework for school. It's a monumental 30 page essay that I have to go through a complicated and in depth process to write an outline for, as well as a 300 word essay analyzing a film that we watched in class. This is due tomorrow around 1:30 pm, and right now it is nearing 11 at night. I haven't started on either project despite having several days to do it. 

I'm not sure why I put it off for so long, but that's what I do. The stress and anxiety of the last project I had to do was weighing on me, as well as the rest of the stress and anxiety I deal with on a daily basis. It's not like I'm busy or anything, I just need to distract myself from my own mind. I call it "the shadow" or "the voice" it never leaves me alone. It tortures me night and day, saying the most horrible shit it can, constantly reminding me that I'm a defective, hollow, self centered, untalented, lazy, pathetic shell that will never amount to anything in this world or give anything back to anyone. 

And the voice is always right. It brow beats me and picks at the things I am the most insecure about, the easy targets. it probably made those wounds itself over the course of the two decades that make up my life. it's been a slow and steady process, but it has won. There is absolutely nowhere I can run, nowhere I can hide, nothing I can possibly do that won't make me feel like an awful human being.

My friend Ashley is an insanely talented writer, a perfect student. She got that homework and immediately started working on it. She will bring it into class, and it will be perfect as it always is. She suggested I take it with her, but I am floundering while she is excelling. Ashley is one of the most charismatic and intellectual people I have ever met, and for some reason she pities me enough to be my friend. She even lean't me her course packet, and I saw what she wrote all over the other enormous article we read last week. She had highlighted every major point of the article and drew connections between that to world events, the art made by the culture we are trying to analyze, other things we've looked at in class, and made interesting critical thoughts about it. Now I have my own course packet with my own articles to write on, and I can't make any comments on it more complex than "huh?" and "what?" I don't understand this article at all, and I have to write a massive paper on it and dissect every other sentence, analyzing the cultural implications of every idea and even criticizing it, filling in the holes and contradictions that this writer made. I am a leech on the boot-heel of this genius that for some reason can't see how much of a fucking useless idiot I am.

I don't enjoy much of anything anymore. I seek constantly for something to lift my spirits, but I never find it. Depression has taken everything from me, even my love of music, or my friends. My mom is frustrated with me and yelled at me today because I am hopeless. My friends can't stand me because every other day it's the same conversations, the same angst, and nothing they say is ever helpful because the voice, the shadow is too powerful. Soon everybody will get tired and leave me. I am a vampire. I have no soul, no blood, and all I can do is take take take until there is nothing left of the people I care about. They will leave, and I will starve. I can contribute nothing to this world, I can never be happy, I can't do anything right, all I can do is take take take take take. 

I see little point in living.