Things get worse &amp; I don't know why I hang on to see if they'll get betterReached out to a few folks I trust a few weeks back.  Told them I was suicidal, wanting to relapse (I'm in recovery from drug/alcohol abuse), that I was self-harming and didn't want to stop because I'm tired of hurting, tired of the nightmares and such (I also have PTSD, and, obviously, struggle with depression).  I was either outright ignored (unanswered email but a text follow up a week later asking me if I wanted to go grocery shopping) or responded to in such hurtful ways that they'd be textbook examples of how NOT to respond when a loved one shares that they're suicidal.

It's only gotten worse.  The ones who did reply, dismissively, told me I twisted their words when I told them that their responses - or lack of - were hurtful.  These were folks I've known for near 20 years.  And it's like they don't give a shit...and if anything, their heartless responses and words in the emails have done nothing but drive me closer to making a decision on something I've been struggling with for weeks now - whether to go down the route of suicide or convince myself I'm worth sticking around longer and maybe things will get better.  But...the latter there...that's a lie I've been telling myself for years and part of me feels that it's just time to look at things objectively and when I do that, the most logical answer is take myself out of the equation.  (I'm the one always at fault, anyway, so I'm sure it will be a relief once the pretending to be upset I'm gone passes.  I can't imagine they really give a shit if I go since they don't bother with me or they're hurtful to me when I'm here.)

My only support right now is my therapist.  She knows how things have been lately and she suggested a "planned inpatient hospitalization" or an IOP.  And, normally, I'd be willing to try anything that would potentially be helpful, or even keep me safe from myself for a bit...but things always end up the same after.  I go inpatient, I feel loved and wanted on this planet because there's staff there that seem to care (so I end up forgetting I really haven't got anyone supportive aside from the therapist once I'm out), they stick me on meds that seem to work initially for the symptoms that are the most harrowing (and within a few months, prove to be harmful to my physical health as the longer term effects kick in like ridiculously high blood pressure, weight gain, and other issues that complicate my diabetes), and I get to spend time fooling myself I'm in a safe space where not much is going wrong...until I return to my life and again am facing it, alone. I think on all that and I don't understand the point of wasting insurance money, doctors' and other staff time, going through another inpatient stay for depression/PTSD only to land back in the same spot months, years down the road.  

I feel like I've known my end for years but prolonged sticking around for the sake of others.  Now it's those others who seem annoyed by my presence, so perhaps this is finally the time in my life to go.  

See?  Even now, I still debate.  I still go back and forth, debating, as I tidy up my apartment and work on wrapping up loose ends because that seems to be the thing to do.  

&amp;#x200B;