Just feel alone.Hi. I don't really know how to start this. 

It feels like there is nobody else to talk to. Afraid to talk to anybody, for fear of being an attention-whore. I don't have any friends, nor family to talk to about sliding gradually into depression. 

I always ignore it. The depression I mean. Every day slips into another until they mesh together. No purpose in life.  I go to work, I come home, I go to work, I come home. Day after day. Never have a good attribute to praise, nothing but scrutiny and criticism. Personality traits that people avoid. Like being nerdy and reading science fiction novels. Or interests such as Monster &amp; horror movies. People I know aren't friends just, acquaintances and associates. People avoid hanging out, never invited anywhere.

I sit in my room, accomplishing nothing but feeding my dark humor and views of the world, without any achievements to boast of. I feel like if I suddenly disappeared only my employer would question my whereabouts, and I would disappear into the annals of the missing. Another case for some detective to take advantage of. 

I fear retribution for seeking help. From my job, to what associates I have. I never have anyone to care how I am doing, or to show affection. I am afraid to grow old and alone, like some sort of antisocial creep living in a fantasy world I build around me to shield from the absence of warm love and attention. If I seek help, negative backlash shall surely bury me in a deeper hole. 

As much as I want to improve, I do not know how to. Where to go? What gathering to attend? Places to go, people to meet. Someone to share my experiences and stories with. 

Friendships seem to not exist. That or I am lousy at finding places to meet people. 

I fear I may go overboard and make a permantent solution to a temporary problem. And I do not want that. Is there anywhere to talk to someone without there being a record of it. I fear if I tell anyone at work that it will have negative consequences at my job. 

