This hardly feels worth submitting forI haven't had any recent major trauma or upset, I'm just trying to get through with a depression that's been with me for more than half of my life now. I saw a recent post about being "passively suicidal" instead of actively and I think that sums it up. I'm on meds, and have been for over two years that although they don't take away the suicidal feelings, htey "blunt the edges" enough to make me so apathetic I can't bring myself to try anything. I can barely bring myself to self harm at the moment.

I'm seeing a psychiatric asessment team tomorrow because in theory they'll be able to route me to the department that will best be able to help me. But this is the NHS, so I'll be lucky if I get to speak to a professional once a month. Seeing a rpivate therapist is something I was lucky enough to be able to do before but can't continue with now because of funds. While I feel it was overall beneficial, it also feels a bit like I've dug up all this shit I can't deal with and don't know what to do with and have nowhere to put it. 

In some respects, I've been trying to do better lately. I've cut down on my drinking and my eating is healthy enough that my glucose levels are great. I've recently changed my eating habits in an attempt to bring down my cholesterol levels. In 2012 I was convinced that if I was unhealthy enough for long enough my body would just give up anyway, but this didn't happen. So I feel like making healthier lifestyle choices now will help as a red herring so it doesn't look like I'm at risk of harming myself immediately any more.

I'm so, so sorry, I know that this sub tends to be for people going through specific, horrifying challenges. And that just makes me feel all the shittier for invading on a space for people who have much more right to be here seeking support for. I just feel at a complete loss.

Every time I go past the balcony of our apartment, it's tempting. Every time I'm chopping vegetables, it's tempting. Even if I'm doing something completely unrelated, my head feels flushed with images of me bleeding to death or falling from a great enough height to kill me. But thanks to my meds I can't even plan to act on these feelings anymore. Part of me wants to stop taking them because I can't deal with how angry at myself in a "FFS, shit or get off the pot" way.

This has turned into such a long rant. I just want all of this to be over. 