My wife is very suicidal. How can I help her?I want to try and keep this moderately short, so if you want to ask for further details, I will reply with what I can.

I and my wife have been married less than a year, dating for almost 3 years before. I knew she had depression early on and I have helped her through it countless times. Since I have known her, she has failed 2 suicide attempts with pills. When we first met, she used to cut but she stopped for me. In times of deep depression, she says she wants to cut again because it helps take the pain away. Am I right to stop her from cutting, or should I let her do it because she says it helps her feel better?

Life has really given her a terrible time. She aspires to be in a career where she helps people (EMT, Firefighter, Police, Military), but due to her physical stature, overweight 215 lbs and only 5'0" height, every job she wants is incredibly difficult for her to get into, and sometimes impossible. She has tried to lose weight seriously twice and both times she lost about 30 lbs and gained it all back in a couple months. She failed her attempt at the fire academy because the equipment is hard for short people to use, and she lacks much of the needed strength to do the job. With her weight, the military rejects her,  and the police academy likely would too. 

The final thing she has put her hope into is a medical class starting in January. She has already taken the entrance exam once and failed by about 2 questions (almost passing), she will be taking it again in about 2 weeks, but even if she passes, the school only takes the top 30 scores into the class for the year, and she dropped out of school in 7th grade because of extreme bullying and a sexual assault. She has her GED but her academic abilities are not the greatest.

She is saying that if she doesn't get into the class, she is done trying and is going to kill herself, and that there is nothing I can say to change her mind or stop her. Having known her and her feelings for a few years, I can safely say she means it. Other than constantly watching her 24/7 and physically preventing any attempts, she is hell-bent on killing herself if this doesn't go how she wants it to go.

She is well aware of the pain it would cause me and her family, and she says that we will get over her eventually, and that she still wants to commit suicide because she would rather hurt us that to keep living her life working a job that makes her miserable / doing something she has no interest doing.

Please trust my assessment of the situation when I say this is not just for attention, she is seriously at high risk for suicide if she does not get in this class. What can I do in the event she does not get in, and suicide becomes the only thing in life she wants? She has no health insurance, and we don't have a lot of money. She has tried therapy and medication in the past and still feels depressed with those because neither of those solve the life problems that make her depressed/suicidal.