Feels like this might be the end of the lineEver since I was about 15, and started dealing with this problem inside me, I always told myself that i'd wait it out until i was 25, that id give myself a chance to get better, and if it didnt, it would come to this.
Here i am at nearly 27 and it has only gotten worse. I can no longer mask it with my shitty humor and drinking. I no longer see a chance for myself to get better. 
I moved to ******** at one of the darkest points in my life and aparantly have spent the last 4 years supressing and bottling up these feelings because "its not okay to feel like this in a town like this". I thought i was getting better, i really did, but i see now that i was just replacing my feelings with alcohol abuse.
The situation with my car really screwed me up. Losing the freedom to do anything on my own, losing all sense of independance has eaten away at me for the past few years. It is not a good feeling to be 26 and not be able to drive yourself to the grocery store or go for a long drive at night. I miss being able to just go-i cant do that anymore.
I realize now that ive never had a meaningful relationship. Ive been a jealous, paranoid, possessive monster to anyone who's shown any remote interest in me. Its no surprise that no one wants me. I hope some day that the women i treated so badly can forgive me. 
I feel terrible for being so out of touch with my family but i think it is for the better. It'll cushion the blow i suppose. I just want them to know that i love them and truly appreciate everything theyve done for me my whole life. Im sorry i couldnt be better. I know this is going to be hard for you all but i assure you that life will go on just fine without me.
As for my friends, i will miss you and all of the good times we had together, but a lot of you have made it pretty clear that you're better off without me. Thank you to those of you who took the time to listen to me, unlike the many who promised to always be there if i needed to talk, only to screen my calls and refuse to take 5 minutes out of your lives to call and see how i was. I just want my true friends to know that i know who they were, and im sorry that this will hurt you.
I know how selfish this is. I know that theres always an option of things getting better, but all i see is the option of things getting worse, and i cant take it anymore. I dont see the light that i used to, no silver lining, no saving grace. All i can see is pain for me and burdon to everyone around me. 
Tell my dog im so, so sorry, and that i promise things will be better for him, give him a big belly rub for me. 
There's a note in my drawer describing in a little more detail what i would like done with all of my stuff and how i'd like this handled.

I love you all, i'm so sorry.