Suicidal thoughts scaring meHello I just need somewhere to share my story and hopefully get some advice. I've been depressed before but now I think I've sunken back into it and I just don't want to live on. I don't see a light at the end of the tunnel anymore. I've lost confidence in myself and I don't know what to do. I have good days but I suffer with anxiety and always worry things will go bad and I'll suffer heartache again and I can't have that happening again, I know if it happens again I'm scared of what'll I'll do. Then I have days when I have triggers, it can be the smallest things. I hear something I don't want to hear, something I was excited about doesn't happen or I could just be sat alone, my mind wanders and I overthink and suddenly I'm crying again. It's so frustrating and scary. I have a gorgeous family who are always there for me, who I love very much and think the world of and I try to think of them to push me through this but it doesn't always work. 

It all happened when I got my heart broke by a guy I loved. We were seeing each other casually for  nine months but he never wanted anything serious. 
i did though and always hoped. Eventually I just went for it and asked for a relationship said I really liked and cared for him. He said no. I don't want a girlfriend. Fair enough, I let it go but he wouldn't talk to me after that. Found out about three weeks later he had a girlfriend. I was devasted. Same time I lost my job, I was nearing eviction at my house and I had hardly no friends so no social life. Friends I did have they were too busy with their relationships. I also have self esteem issues ( I was raped by my cousin when I was eight and bullied all through school and college ) Him doing that was just the cherry on top. I slowly sunk into depression. Didn't move from bed, cried all the time, drank alcohol and even took an overdose though I survived it. No confidence. Felt like I had nothing. Eventually I sorted myself out. Went to doctors, went on anti depressants and took a therapy session. The most who sorted me out though was my family. They kept me going, gave me advice and support. I got a job, I managed to pay off my rent arrears and I went out more. Got on well with some guy friends and hung out with them more as they enjoyed hanging at my house. I felt better and was enjoying life once again. This didn't last. Since then I've been with two more guys and was hurt by both. One went off with another lass in front of my face at my party, the other went out with me for a week then dumped me saying he would still have sex with me but didn't want the relationship to go further. I was gutted. I didn't feel like I was doing anything wrong and still don't see. I'm my normal usually bubbly self but it always goes wrong and now I think somethings wrong with me. The first guy especially hurt because I really liked him. He was a friend as well and I lost him. Now I've sunken low again. I hate myself, I can't stand to look at myself in the mirror sometimes and I feel like there's no hope for me. I have these horrible thoughts. Thoughts that whisper how weak I am, how pathetic. All I do is go to work, come home and what? I have nothing to do and with those guys I lost all my other friends as well. I keep trying to think positive, thinking oh it's not that bad just concentrate on work, concentrate on myself but these thoughts won't let up. They always come back. Not one guy has wanted anything to do with me, never wanted a relationship with me and has used me and shot me away like I'm nothing but went on to other lasses having the time of their lives and now I can't see nothing valuable in myself. Can't see nothing good about me and have to wonder why anyone would want me. That's all I wanted just someone to be with but I know it won't happen now. I'm dreading Christmas and new Year because I know it will just depress me more. Being alone. I try and think it doesn't matter, just enjoy being single, it's their loss but how can I do that when I have no friends, no social life and no time to do anything because I'm always working. Makes me think, is this it? Is this my life? I make goals for myself, like I wanna learn how to drive next year but when those dark thoughts come I forget all that. And i don't care about them goals anymore. Worst is I'm still attracted to one of the guys, the one who walked off with another girl at my party and this scares me more. I don't want them feelings. I'll just get hurt and I can't take no more heartache. He's still a friend to this family so I see him often. I act causal around him and be friendly but distant. I don't want to get too close again but I can't rid these feelings and I'm so scared that one of these days I'll hear about him getting a girlfriend and it will hurt me. I can't take no more of that. I don't know what to do. My anxieties throttling me. I don't want to go through the whole process of tablets and therapy again because part of me sees this as too silly to get depressed over. Which probably is so why am I feeling like this? I'm broken and I don't know how to fix me. I'm actually even planning just commiting suicide after Christmas and those thoughts petrify me because I know part of me will do it if I'm pushed hard enough but I dont want to do that to my family. But I can't take these thoughts, this life anymore. I always wait for something bad to hit me and I'm scared to feel the blows. How will I get through Christmas and new year feeling like this? Advice anyone? 