I bought a gun.I'm about at the end of my rope, I think. My life isn't going to get better. It's not because I don't have the opportunity, or that I'm just stuck, if I could put the work in, slowly I could fix it. But that window gets smaller every day.

I've been trying to get myself to function for a decade and I've failed at every turn. I'm 20, I have no job, no high school diploma, and no license. I dunno how much of that is my fault, and how much of that is my brain simply being broken, but it doesn't really matter at this point.

I don't think I'm going to get better, I've exhausted my options, therapy, drugs, I can't make better habits. Hurting myself doesn't even make me feel better anymore.

I bought a gun the other day, it was a pretty big pain to get. initially I was looking at local gun stores, but you can't buy a handgun from a licensed dealer in the US unless you're 21. I thought about buying a shotgun, but I live at home still and I don't want anyone in my family to know that I have it, and a shotgun won't really fit in a bag.

However, you can still buy a handgun in my state if you're over 18, if you buy it from a private citizen, so I looked around online at websites where people advertise such things, and sent out a few messages for cheap pistols.

One person messaged me back, he wanted to meet about a half hour away, and I had to show him a bunch of stuff to convince him it was legal to sell me ammunition. But I did convince him it was all on the up and up, and I took an uber out to where I was sposed to meet the guy.

Guy showed up, I gave him 200 bucks, he gives me the pistol with some loose bullets in a ziplock bag, he tells me I can take a look at it, but honestly I have no idea what I'd even be looking for, so I put it in my backpack, and the uber guy takes me home.

My parents thought I was just on a walk this entire time, I go upstairs and viola, I can exit this world whenever I decide to. I had a friend of mine talk me down once already, but I dunno how long I can resist.

