Pregnant again, I want to kill myself so I don't have to go through it again.I got pregnant last year, had a medical abortion that completely failed. I went through all the pain of it, passing clots, bleeding for weeks, but the pregnancy was still there. Got a severe pelvic infection from the tissue getting infected inside of me. It smelled awful. I smelled like blood and roadkill. I couldn't go to work because people complained that "something smells like blood". The clinic tried to give me the pill abortion again (I had no one to drive me that day so they couldn't do any surgical procedures on me), and it failed again. Ultimately they had to do a D&amp;C. That's where they scrape out the contents of your uterus. They strapped my legs and arms down on the operation table, and I don't remember much else because of the sedation. I woke up with bruises along my ankles and thighs, so I must've tried to fight back. My body hurt for weeks after that. It must've been extremely painful. 

My boyfriend has always been supportive of me. I got an IUD right after the D&amp;C, but I got it taken out for other medical issues. We were looking at alternative birth control. But I'm pregnant again, and I feel so hopeless. My depression got so much worse after my last pregnancy. I think I'm just going to kill myself so I don't have to deal with this anymore. I feel so stupid for getting pregnant again. I don't want to go through this again. I have medical issues resulting from my last abortion. I have awful pelvic spasms and uterine scarring. I don't want my boyfriend to drive me to the clinic and take care of me again. I'm not a loner by any means, but I don't have a lot of close friends I can talk to. I don't even know if I would even want to talk to them. 

I desperately want to kill myself. I'm sure part of it is just the pregnancy hormones, but I can't help but feel this way. I'm so scared. I don't want to be dependent on my boyfriend again. I'm already so dependent on him because I'm so depressed. I'm sure he'll leave me sooner or later, so why get myself even more attached and dependent? I just want to end it all. 