I'm feeling so overwhelmed right nowFirst of all, I guess it's necessary to say that I'm not depressive or not that I know of, I've never really checked with a specialist. With that being said, last months, since I broke up with my ex girlfriend (barely a month before quarantine), I've feel really overwhelmed and extremely sad. I just feel like I need to write this up and see if someone can read it or not, I just feel like I need to take this up off my chest.

Last few days I've been thinking a lot about suicide, and I don't have any particular reason to do it... I just feel like I want to end my life, like it is not worth living anymore. Of course, the first thing I think about is my mom, and I don't feel like I can do this to her. But today I got a news that basically spoiled my whole day and even week, I feel like crying a lot I want to just cry until I fall sleep, but all my family is here today, my siste came to visit from another city since tomorrow is my mom's birthday, hence, she is staying here tonight and most likely she's sleeping with me or my dad is sleeping with me ... so there goes my plan from crying myself to sleep. I've other obligations, but I can't just settle my mind into them, I'm trying to focus on them just to stop thinking about the notice but I can't. 

All this just makes me more and more sad, and I really really want to just end it, I don't know how. I don't want to talk with my family about it, I feel like I should see a psychologhist but I just don't know how to get an appointment with one without my family noticing. I know there's nothing wrong about seeing a mental health specialist, but I know that if my family knows about it they're going to worry and I just don't want them to.

I few weeks ago, I started talking agan with my ex, I was even planning on hanging with her this past weekend, but I had a few troubles and it wasn't possible, I even sent her food and desserts, what a big fool I am. Today, I was minding my own business, trying to help her with something... and that lead me to get the notice... she asked me to talk to someone about a trouble she was having, and this someone basically told she used to send nudes and who knows what else with one of my closest friends (this is why I don't want to talk it with my friends either), this person sent me a screenshot about a conversation of her and this 'friend', this basically hurt me a fucking lot. I chatted more with this person which I'll just call A, he basically told me he was also boyfriend of my ex at the time I was with her, he told she fooled us both, not only with this so called 'friend' of mine but with everyone. A told me she never talked of me as her boyfriend, but just a friend or didn't talk of me at all, and apparently she did this to A as well. Actually one of the reasons I broke with her was that she never introduced me to her family or friends, and with him telling me this I guess that now just makes a lot of sense.

So I just confronted her, told her what I just find out, she of course say that was all lies, but I guess I can't just believe her. I also talk to my 'friend' who also denied everything, cause yeah who is going to say 'yes friend I fooled you with your gf, sorry', so I basically just don't know what to do now. I'm feeling so so sad, I want to cry, I want to hurt myself, I want to scream I just don't know what the hell to do. 

I thank and apologize to anybody who read this, I don't mean to bother other people with my problems. But I just figured I needed to al least write this somewhere to get it off my chest. I just feel like a fool now, who knows who may times she may had cheated on me and I always defend her like a fucking clown. That's all I am, a fucking joke.  

I'll delete the post later, I just don't want the slightest chance of any of my friends seeing this.