No one understands the hopelessness of being a pansexual ex-muslim woman and all the hiding is consuming my energyi'm too tired to type proper sentences

my situation is never going to change

my parents won't let me move out for at least two more years, and that's only if i behave exactly how they want me to. dress properly, pretend to pray, pretend to go along with their homophobic beliefs, pretend women shouldn't have as much freedom as men, pretend i don't mind not being allowed to go out past like 9 oclock despite being 20 years old, pretend i'm fine with losing opportunities like exchange programs and internships and university programs in big cities because a woman shouldn't travel alone. 

i feel like i can never reach my "full potential" because of their rules and because of the anxiety their constant hounding causes me. they have a gps tracker on my phone and every time i see multiple texts from them my heart stops even if im not out doing anything wrong. they track my every move and question everything i do. if im going out, i need to tell them like a week in advance and talk about who im with and where im going for half an hour, give them my friends phone numbers, go to every fucking length for them to ease up a bit. again, i'm an adult

no one i've talked to understands. i talked to a muslim therapist who tried to get my parents to be more liberal, but she still tried to convicne me turning back to islam would help with my depression and anxiety. i know other women have it worse. i know. but i;m being selfish. this is what i'm dealing with, this is what's affecting me. looking to the example of Saudi Arabia isn't going to magically make me feel better about my life.

my university counsellors have been useless. i spend more time storytelling to them and dealing with psychological jargon about "coping" that won't change anything. how on earth is a white man with no oppressive religious background going to understand me. i dont call hotlines because the idea of reliving explaining all of this again is too draining. i've already explained to my uni counsellor, another uni advisor, and a paid therapist. i've done enough explaining and justifying and reasoning for why i feel so depressed. this sentence doesn't even make sense but i don't care


it's not just about stressing over when i can party or wear a short skirt or whatever. day to day i live a lie, i pretend to base my very existence on shit i don't believe in to the people who supposedly care the most about me. and anytime i seem to step out of line, they blow up at me and act like i am the worst person who ever existed and threaten to kill me
i'm fucking rambling because there is so much to explain about this that i can't explain
i swear the only reason i haven't killed myself is because of my younger siblings. my younger teen sister is also an exmuslim. but i really don't want to do this. there's no guarantee i'll be able to leave in two years. my dad is pressuring me to stay and help with his business instead of pursuing postgrad in another city. 



i don't want to stay here and live with being yelled at to pray more than 5 times a day, spend a month each year (ramadan) starving for no reason, being shamed for wearing clothing that is even slightly revealing or form fitting, hearing scientific facts denied, missing out on "formative" university experiences, being interrogated on why im not more involved with muslim youth communities, being yelled at for pursuing my artistic interests in any capacity because they are unislamic 

i'm so tired

i have to hide everything, i have to block all of my relatives on social media, i have to  scour google search results for my name to make sure there is nothing that my parents woudl get mad about (today my dad googled my name and saw a pic from my instagram of me in a skirt, it was archived by picagram, i've messaged them to remove it but i feel so stupid for letting that happen, my page is public because i have a lot of followers and it is a photography page)

i've become such a good liar

i lie to protect myself. i lie to my parents about where i'm going, who i'm with, how i feel. i lie to my friends about why i couldn't make it out, why i'm late, whatever. i'll get screamed at in the car by my mom about something stupid like clothing or not praying or makeup, and be the most sociable and friendly person at work or school. i have to go to bathroom stalls to hyperventilate or break down crying for a couple minutes sometimes, or i'll zone out on the bus before putting the mask on and being the seemingly confident and self-directed person i am. honestly a lot of people really admire me, a lot of my friends tell me they are fans of me and are jealous of me and are inspired by the things i do. which is so strange because i feel so choked up and unacommplished and i hate myself and my life

it's just so frustrating

it's little day to day things that other people don't have to worry about that are the end of the world in my parents' eyes


"what did we do to deserve a daughter like you"

"why won't you ever be happy"

"you will never be happy if we aren't happy with you, if you don't depend on Allah"

"no matter your grades or your job, if you move out without our blessing you will never find peace"

there's no end in sight

i dont know when i can leave and even when i do i will always have to hide nad to pretend
i can never publicly "come out" as an exmuslim or as a queer woman

oh yeah forgot to mention in the face of my homophobic parents, i'm also not straight

every time i write something or create an art piece about identity my parents ask me why i didn't include my religion

and i wonder why i can't include my sexuality

which is not my priority honestly 

the hierarchy of needs or whatever

it hurts but what hurts more is the pretending to be muslim. im not really pretending to be straight, that's an assumption that people make in a heteronormative society

i can tell my friends im not muslim. but when an arab meets me, they assume im muslim and i have to just be neutral about it. the community is too small

i dont want to pretend

im so tired

i fucking hate my life i wish i hadn't been born into a muslim family

i really wish i could end this without hurting my siblings
