Is it wrong that I've realized I like being sad and emotional?These past couple of years have been an odd time for me, and I've just realized that I just. Kind of like being sad. Feeling hopeless, suicidal, to give up. I was always the emo kid, perpetually stuck in the mid 2000's. I always thought being this depressed and sad was just a phase. But 2007 came and went and my life's been on a steady decline.

I get that they call suicide the "easy way out" and such -- as if life were something so despicable, rough, and unenjoyable, that we *have* to eat shit day in and day out in order to be "seasoned% in the fight that is finding a will to live? We have to suffer through it all. We have to bury our parents, our siblings, our friends and family, before the same can be done of us. Only then can we drop dead, as if it makes any difference.

I like wallowing in my depression. I like staying in the past, in 2007. I've always been uncomfortable with the passage of time. Then I realize we're already in 2020. I'm not in highschool anymore. I have to pay rent and go to work and expected to smile through it all.

I just like being an emotional twat, I guess, because it distracts me from whatever current situation I happen to be involved and worrying about. I just hate work, I hate *doing things*. Making music, working out, playing games, writing, reading - all my hobbies - aren't worth pursuing because I just don't have the energy to enjoy them. I just worry about working the job I don't have. Getting off the drugs. Going back to school to finish my degree. Landing a career that J'll convince myself will be worth it simply because it'll allow free me of the stress regarding my finances.

I like going back to when I enjoyed things, and had a reason to be alive; because I was gonna be somebody. Now I'm just a vessel, empty save for the crippling depression and festering mental illnesses.

And the funniest part about it all? I know people would miss me. And that's why I end these suicidal thoughts with a smile on my face; because I have people that care about me and will miss me. Just. Not enough to try, reach out, or help. I guess it's like the story of the Boy Who Cried Wolf. You say you're gonna kill yourself for 13 years straight and never follow through, people just tune it out until you're just background noise. 

And that's why I like wallowing in my depression. As if it were my fucked up way of getting a last jab in, to tell these people I love them, but not enough to stay with them, because of how shitty they make me feel on the norm. And there would be nothing they can do about it except cry and mourn, and have a burning silhouette of me in their hearts and minds. It'll never be filled, and for the rest of their sad, miserable lives, my death will be a footnote. They'll do something that reminds them of me, and remember the pain. The pain they brought unto themselves, years after their initial actions that festered into my mental illnesses.

Oh, they probably don't think too much about me now. They probably haven't given me much thought in a long while. But in small towns, word travels fast. I wonder where all the people I know here will be, what they'll be doing, and how they'll react when they hear of my death. Will my bullies feel sorry for me and my family? Will my rapist think twice of his actions? Will the grief be too much for my family, and will they kill themselves when they find my body?

So many questions, and there will never come a chance to answer any of them.