Been going back and forth on this decision a long time. Today was the last straw and I'm definitely doing it. Is there a convenient way to end it all?Background: Was huge into biochem in high school. Have done research in malaria, cancer, and kidney disease at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, at the Weizmann Institute in Israel, and at the Department of Medicine in my current University, respectively. I was really good at it, and went to Intel ISEF as well as Intel STS winning awards at both for my research. I was going to be premed with a biochem major at my current university, then after my first year decided to pursue a business major, as I thoroughly enjoyed the entrepreneurship, finance and accounting classes I was taking. I hated the economics classes I was taking, which would count towards an economics major (important later in the discussion). At my university, we have one of the top undergraduate business schools, but you have to apply to get in even after your application the university. This is a two-year undergraduate business program for the third and fourth years at the university.

My application was deferred first round, and then I was rejected today. I had to choose another major so I chose CS. I didn't score high enough in my econ classes to select a second major in economics. Now I won't have the opportunity to pursue finance, unless I apply to my university's fifth year masters in commerce program.

I feel like a huge failure. I've disappointed my parents, stressed myself out to the point where I am sick and have tried everything but cannot relax, will be doing an internship in finance this summer that won't help with my degree, my GPA is in the dumps (3.134), and I've completely lost track of my life, putting on a significant amount of weight, and being unable to make friends. I feel like my life has gone downhill since I switched majors, and I don't have anyone who understands me academically who can advise me. I've been restless for the past two years of my life (currently just finished second year of uni) and it seems like there is no end in sight. I'm losing hair because of stress, I can't digest food, and I have nobody to talk to.

I can't pursue the field I am interested in since the business major is not offered outside of the business school. When everyone around me is being so successful and being congratulated on major internships, on admissions to the business school, and making loads of money, here I am complaining to reddit. Clearly my life has become so extremely pathetic. I do not deserve to live. I do not deserve the opportunities my parents have given me by paying for my college tuition. I do not deserve friends or girlfriends. I do not deserve any sort of confidence (which is probably the reason I have none). The only thing that has kept me from committing suicide in the past couple of years has been what my parents will think of me. But now I already know they're disappointed in me, and nothing will change that. I don't deserve my amazing parents and family. I have never gone to a college party or been invited by anyone anywhere. I've never had a friend, never been wanted, and I've always been working or on Reddit. Now I have even less of a reason to want to go to a party or experience college life. I don't deserve the clothes I wear. I don't deserve the food I eat. I don't deserve the space I take up. I don't deserve the air I breathe. I don't deserve life.

That's my situation, and I think I'm either immature or mature enough to know that I'm a lost cause. Please advise on how to end my life so as to have the least impact on my family.

Thank you.