I don't know what to do anymore, I don't think there are any other options.Hello SW, I'm sorry for this very long story. I just think that you guys need the full story, every bit of it.  I am using a throwaway because I have another account but it would defeat the purpose of me telling you if I uploaded on there. Everything I am just about to tell you is true. I don't know how much more I can take so I decided my finale and only option is coming here. If anything just to get it off my chest for a little while. I appreciate everyone who will read this full thing I really do. So let me just post a TL;DR: Girlfriend is ready to ruin my life and I don't think there are any other options. 

Anyway so lets begin in the beginning, it was my birthday 8/15/10. I turned 14 on that day. I get a call from a girl I was admiring, who called me and asked me out. Of course I said yes, I mean a date for a birthday present? That's awesome right? Well lets call her Manderz which is her nickname. We start dating, and everything is going great! She takes my Virginity at the 3 month mark. I know, I know, I was young and she was 15. But Teenage Hormones am I right? So we are sexually active for the months to come. 

At the 8 month mark, she gets pregnant. We keep it a secret naturally, and we decide to get a abortion which was free because she has Indian blood in her. From that moment on I had the fear of pregnancy, like a extreme anxiety fear. We were stupid and  
shit happened. We both became depressed her especially, we were rocky for several months but through helping each other back we became somewhat happy again. nothing really happens before or right after I turn 15, even through the school year which was my freshmen year.

Then the summer after that school year, is when everything went wrong. in June of 2012 We had a pregnancy scare, me being human, and a scared teenager I said if she kept the baby I would leave her. Even at the time I knew I wouldn't but my fear talked for me. I apologized 10 minutes afterwards. But that was the worse mistake of my life. From that moment on she constantly reminds me of what I said, and I beg her to forgive me, I apologized almost everyday for months after I said that Telling her I wasn't going to. I would never do something like that.

Anyway let's move to the present. as in the last 5 or so months. I might be missing something from then to now, but I'm not thinking clearly so I apologize. Recently she has taken her telling me, to a whole new level. Now before I say this, I want to explain that my Mother is very laid back. She was fine when she found out about us having sex, and a really REALLY chill person. My father is a great man. Working in Saudi Arabia, for a oil company. He is smart not really strict, and one of the most respectful people I have ever known. But as he only gets to come home every three or so months he has a habit of thinking of me as maybe younger as I am. 

Let me explain, me being a teenager with a wallet, carried a condom with me. I would never use this condom, because it was always in my wallet and I don't have to explain what happens to a condom in a wallet. Anyway A friend gave me that when I was 14. So I just carried it around as a lucky charm. As I said, Immature teenager. So One night my mother was doing laundry and I left my wallet in the pants she was washing. the condom fell out in the drier and my dad was with my mom when she took them out and saw it there. He was furious and yelled at me telling me if he ever saw something like that again then I would "see wraith of him that I have never seen before."


I am now currently 16, and now finally he says if I ever had sex ALWAYS wear a condom. Back to Manderz 5 or so months back we had a rather nasty fight. And she threatened she would tell my dad about everything. I thought she couldn't till she reads my dads email out to me. Somehow she knew my email address password. I nearly shit myself and apologized for the argument I didn't start. Okay so one threat? We all make something like that some point in our lives. Well that isn't the case, every time I did something from that moment on, she threatened me with that. Even when I changed my password she told me that she wrote it down. So since then I have had this fear and growing depression even more so then before growing in my chest. Then one day she topped that. She told me she had screen caps of our convos about when she got an abortion and screencaps about me telling her about leaving her. I went into an anxiety attack flipped and fell into a fettle position and cried myself to sleep many nights thinking about what if she did it? My greatest fear exposed for everyone to see, friends, family, enemies. Everyone would know my past. She has made this threat several times to either get me to do something she wants, or because I made her mad.

Now with everything about this building up inside you can imagine I have changed, I used to be a happy kid, a strong leader in band, and a easy person to get along with. But with these constant bombardments  of threats it has made me a depressed, shy, and a very hard person to talk too. Tonight she has told me that she will start smoking pot, getting shit faced, and smoking cigs, and if I have a problem with it She will show everyone those screen caps. well I don't want to offend anyone, but I do not like smoking at all. My brother smokes, my uncle smokes, I hate it. I hate everything about it. I am fine with people doing it, I don't care. But if I am to be in a relationship with someone I need someone I am compatible with, and I am not compatible with a smoker. That almost pushed me over the edge, but the one thing that has almost if not certainly drove me to suicide is the fact that, she told me if I dump her she will show everyone. 

I am trapped in this relationship with a mental abuser and I have no other way out. My future looks bright, straight A's and B's, Going to Washington D.C. for a Law and CSI Leadership program. Great friends, great family. Expect for Manderz. Though I have much in front of me she has the power to ruin all of it. Every single bit. She has almost driven me to madness and made me suicidal. I needed someone to talk to and I figured Reddit, the Site I love would at least listen to my story. Thank you to all that has read this far, thank you. At least being able to write this and actually telling someone makes me feel a little bit better, for a little longer.  