Went to the doctor; let it all outFor the first time in my life I just let it all out.  I've written a few things about how I really feel--I mean *really* feel, but I've never verbalized it to another human being.  

I told my psychiatrist the truth.  He told me I need to force myself out of my comfort zone, talk to people, etc.  Normally I'd just nod and tell him I'll try. I don't know why, but I told him no.  

"I could lie to you like I normally do, but this time it's different. No.  I'm not going to go out and talk to people.  I'm not going to make that effort.  

I'm like Sisyphus rolling the boulder up the mountain again and again, only this time I'm putting my foot down.  To hell with the boulder.  

You want to know the truth?  The absolute truth?  I don't like people.  I don't like this world.  I don't like the society that's been created for me.  I want know part of it.  

I am alive right now solely because the only two people I like in this whole world would suffer if I took my life.  That's it.  If something happened to them I'd kill myself.  I wouldn't cry about it.  I wouldn't make a call for help.  I would kill myself as surely as I possibly could.  I'd rent a boat, take it out as far as I could, hop into the ocean, and shoot myself in the head.  

There'd be nothing for you to recover.  Nothing for some 'hero' to drag back to a hospital and revive into a life of even more suffering.  

Your little world is one sick joke.  That's all it is. If you can't accept that a person could look at this fucked up world and want no part of it, that's your short coming.  Not mine."

It actually felt kind of good in the moment, but like everything else, it won't do a damn bit of good.  I got another new pill to take that won't make any difference and a referral to another therapist who'll waste my time telling me everything I've already heard a million times over.  

Is it so impossible to believe that someone could actually legitimately not want to be a part of this species, a part of this world?  Is it really that hard for anyone to grasp?  I don't want to fit in.  I don't want friends.  I don't want love.  

I'm trying to be nice here, but the truth is I hate people.  Hate is a powerful word but it gets thrown around so much it has no real weight.  I mean it.  I hate people and I want as little to do with them as I can manage until I die or the people I don't hate die and I can kill myself without guilt.    