My brother tried to commit suicide (he's still in hospital) and I feel guilty because I caused the main reason why he did it..So.. I don't want to go a lot in depth because that would just make everything harder for me.. It's already a few days that I'm trying to write this post but I just keep procrastinating and doing other things such as bullshitting around on other reddit subs or social medias because I just want to avoid this (this specific internet tab about posting this thread has been opened on my pc since 7-8 hours already.. and I'm not even exaggerating). But at the same time I really have the need to face it. My lil brother has been diagnosed with depression and OCD (obsessive-compulsive disorder) a few years ago. During the past years, he has gone through a lot of things: an accident with his motorcycle (he had to have 2 surgeries for that), he has a speech impediment (stuttering), he's not really able to hang out with people that are not very close to him because of his social anxiety, he has a very bad relationship with our dad. Basically, the only thing that made him happy was playing videogames. He has a gaming pc and he plays most of the games on Steam. For those who don't know, Steam is the main platform on PC where you can buy games. Steam has a section dedicated to your own profile. You can customize it, post artworks, etc., just like an Instagram/facebook profile let's say. Well: he spent a lot of time hunting for game achievements, leveling up, making his profile look good, gaining "reputation" in the community, etc. The only problem is that if you get banned, a red mark will appear on your profile, meaning that you basically have marked your profile for ever and that every player will think that you're cheating, no matter what you tell them or the game you're playing. Well.. he got banned for cheating and since he has OCD and since he saw his profile like his most important thing for him (I think), having it ruined (he had hundreds of games, spent a bunch of money on it) has been the only thing he could not bear. He really gave it a lot of importance, to the steam profile and also to the game where he was banned. He used to play/like it a lot. It was his only safe place where he could be happy (sometimes I would go in his room just to see him smiling while playing) and now he doesn't have it anymore. Now, after deciding to jump off our balcony, he's in hospital with a broken leg (again), a broken arm and a broken pelvis.. and he has also reported an head trauma.

The reason why I'm doing this post is.. that he's been banned without doing nothing.. It's my fault if he's been banned.. We've shared the same pc and I used to cheat (modifying save files and stuff like that) on dummy accounts.. The problem is that if you get 3 bans on the same pc, all of the other/future accounts will get banned, even if you don't actually cheat.. And he's got banned because of this reason, because of me.. and now I feel guilty.. I didn't know that this could happen at all.. but even if I didn't know it, I still feel guilty because if I didn't cheat on those accounts, nothing of this would've happened..

I know that you are all thinking that it sounds stupid and childish, but if you know what OCD is, you won't think it's stupid.
What should I do? It feels like I'm numb and that everything is surreal right now.. I'm trying to stay as positive as I can for him but I just can't.. I'm sure that he doesn't blame me but in reality I think he should..

p.s.: sorry for my english, it's not my native language.. and sorry if this post is a huge mess but really, now it's 2 am in the morning and I just want to go to sleep.. like I said before, I've started writing this thread this afternoon and I'm finishing now..