I feel so aloneI feel so alone right now. I don't have any friends, my parents are abusive and my sister told me she doesn't care. But lately i've been wanting to change up my style and i wanted to talk to someone about it and about being gay but I didn't have anyone to text and my sisters been really mean.

Life is really hard right now. Its always been but anyways, i'm failing all of my classes, none of it makes any sense. I've been failing every grade since 4th grade and learning if hard. I could barely read until just this year. I'm in my junior year now and nothing is easier.

My mom ignores me, talks over me, tells me im boring and unlovable. My dad doesn't speak to me ever, and my sister tells me im boring and she doesn't care about my shit. I lost my last friend cuz she moved to california and now I have no one.

I've been emotionally abused, neglected and I cant take this anymore. I don't have anyone to talk to and i haven't for years. This isolation is driving me off the edge. I just want to be loved.

I just want someone to stay and care. I'm going crazy and I keep fighting back the urge to swallow all the pills in my house. My cat, she follows me everywhere I go. Sleeps in my bed. Crawls all over me when I cry. I'm scared what might happen to her if I die.

But I cant do this anymore. None of these typed words can describe how ignored and isolated ive felt my whole life. I mean i've been so neglected as a child i didn't feel any connection to my family and believed they were strangers. 

I listen and listen to my sister talk about everything that goes on in her life. Every little problem and all her stupid shit. But she cant listen back for 3 mins?? I give her good advice and i listen when I don't have to and I care so why cant she. Shes all I have and she hates me.

Im so alone. I cant do anything right and im so anxious that i feel like living as an adult is impossible. But my cat. I don't know what to do. I have no one what did i do wrong. 

why cant i be normal. Why cant i do anything right whats wrong with me? what do i do.