This time last yearThis time last year I was very suicidal (23m). Thankfully things have improved. I won't go far into my reasons they're complicated but I had very concrete plans. It was the first time in my life that I was. I had found a car towing rope which I was going to use to hang myself. Multiple times over the following few months I set it up to hang down from the attic with plans to follow through. I was beyond talking to, I posted here once and it was very helpful that time but the other times I was dead set on doing it that I didn't want anyone to try convince me otherwise. One time I did actually follow through and was hanging there until I realised I could stand on the radiator and the setup wasn't right. Other times I felt somebody would come home soon or I just chickened out. I really wanted to do it, this was no cry for attention.

I was desperate, I hated my life and saw no future despite having many things going for me. I knew the imense damage it would do to my family and for a while that was enough to stop me but soon I started to feel the anguish was too much to bear. To this day only my parents know that I was and they have no idea of the extent of it. I would cry frequently and found it impossible to get out of bed. I didn't want to see any friends and avoided contact with most people. I couldn't face job interviews. I was convinced my life was hopeless and really really hated myself.

Somehow life continued on and with the help of family I ended up back in college and I began to start enjoying myself again. I stopped wanting to kill myself but always kept it as this reassuring plan if things got worse. The intense anxieties I had developed never occurred and the depression lifted. I defied myself somehow by doing well in assignments and exams. I made friends and I am also now in a relationship. I have multiple graduate job interviews coming up. I just can't believe how things have changed. I am actually happy even excited and more importantly relatively anxiety free. The anxiety was destroying me before. This year I can spend Christmas without the desire to kill myself.

I just wanted to share my story so that it might give even one person hope.  If you kill yourself you might just miss out on something great. I know it's extremely hard to continue and you may see no reason but please don't give up on yourself like I did. I can safely say I would have regretted killing myself.