I just want to die.I think the best thing for me to do is just copy paste what I wrote.

I am an empty shell of a person.

I am skin, bones, and organs. There is nothing else there. Except for an intruder in my brain and my soul but I don't even know who it is. All I know is that it's been there for a long time and it's made my brain their home. I can't seem to get it to leave.

I would swap my life with anyone who is about to die and doesn't want to but that's not going to happen.

My biggest obstacle is convincing my family that this was for the best. I wish I could lay out the chemicals in my body and show them all the ones that don't work. The ones that won't let me belive let alone think I will ever be good enough. The ones that convince me happiness doesn't belong to me. The ones that make me feel alone in a room full of people I love. The ones that make me feel detached from everything that goes on in front of me. The ones that stop me from feeling. The ones that make me think everyone who looks at me is criticising every inch of my body. The ones that keep me up at night fantasising about dying.

I cannot see how their lives will be a better place with me living in it. I don't see what benefit I can bring them. The longer I live, the more I will spiral into the abyss of depression, the more my scars will show, the more my flaws will be exposed.

I wake up, feel like crap for being alive.

God, if you can't save me then please just kill me.

Just let me go. My mind will be at peace that way.

----

Tomorrow I will go to the pharmacy for some painkillers but they will only sell me one box. So I will just go to the next pharmacy and get another. I know I only need two because last time I OD-ed on a whole pack and ended up in hospital it was with just one pack. I'm going to try my hardest not to let myself throw up this time. Then I will work really hard to finish my dissertation on Friday. Saturday I will get a hotel room and do it there because I don't want my grandma to find me.