Once rooted, idea of suicide stay forever.throwaway account/20/male.
So here's my story, 4 years back i was diagnosed with a small cell lung cancer (never smoked). That was first time i thought about killing myself, i couldn't stand pain and sickness any day longer, all those chemos, with every injection I've takend, with every single tablet of meds the vision of easiest way out grew and grew. Doctors didn't give me much chance of survival, yet year ago from now, they said that I'm well and sound and I've been cured. I stoped to think about suicide, you know despite the ods I've been cured I thought that maybe there's some destiny for me but once idead of killing myself has been rooted in my mind it stayed with me forever. 7 months ago my dad commited suicide, he hang himself in our cellar. I've been the one who found him that day, he was hanging on my belt... Imiedatly i cut him off and checked for vital signs but it was too late, he was cold and stiff. I've called 112 and waited in there for what seems to be eternity right next to his dead body. I saw the mark on his neck, how his throat was crushed, how the blood in his mouth coagulated... I don't remember when police and medics arrived and what happened there, all I know that i was taken to police station because "when i called them i sounded strangly calm" and they thought I was involved in his death, I remember how i punched police officer for the bad words he said about my father so i was cuffed and put in arrest for few hours... He commited suicide day before my final exams, I went on them but i fucked it pretty badly because all i had in mind was image of his dead face. Day before he died he came to my room, he was calm not happy or sad just calm and tranquil, he had tidy hair and shaved himself It was little strange because he always looked little like woodcuter, he just shaked my hand... If i only knew back then what it meant. Nearly 2 months after funeral my mother started to drink and the I've never saw her sober since that day. I've tried to talk with her, take all her alcohol and dump it calling police etc but nothing helped. She spend all the money on booze and didn't paid bills so we felt in debt, there are even days when we have nothing to eat because of her alcoholism. And she treats me like a shit when she's drunk. Shell insults me, hit me in face, she insults my friends, she lay drunk in front of our house, she borrow money from everyone telling them It's for food but she buys only alcohol. I have brother but he doesen't help at all, you see he was in prison for 10 years and get back home 3 years ago but he's useless. He didn't have job since he get free, he drinks and  all the time, steal money from mom. He invites his buddies to our home making mess of it, I've tried to talk with him, i fight with him but his usueless fucker... I'm used to being poor, we never had that much money and there always been problems what to put on our table to eat. But since dad died i had to quit school to find job to pay our bills, debt and buy something to eat. To do it i had to work 12 hours for 6 days a week for a little money. I also had to clean the house etc but it all ended, I lost this job and can't find nothing else since unemployement is so high now and there are more people with more expierience and better education applying for every job they can find.
So here I am, sitting in a room listening to my drunk mother insulting me, with empty stomach cause i haven't eated for 3 days, last piece of old food i had I gave to my dog because i can't stand his sufering and now The only thing that's on my mind is to do the same thing that my father did, to go to our cella and commit suicide... to write on wall "FUCK YOU ALL" and hang myself and to finnaly find some peace, that's the only way that i can think off because as I said: once rooted, idea of suicide stays forever.