Why should I keep going on?I am going to keep this as brief as possible, but will provide some of the details of my life. I really want to know why I should keep going on.

I was raped by my three brothers (all older) from age six to nine. My parents knew, but did nothing about it other than scold my brothers.

I enlisted in the US Marines, a dream of mine since I was a young child. I blow out my knee in boot camp and am administratively separated.

I enroll in college because I don't know what else to do, but fail out in my second semester.

I work a few dead end jobs before earning my CDL and becoming a truck driver. The economy tanks, I loose my company job, but sign a lease for my own truck, thinking that I can beat the odds and be successful. Three months on my own and I loose my truck.

I enroll in community college. I earned my AA after three years and transfer to a four year state school.

While I am there, I am raped again. I reported the rape to my university officials and my work supervisor (I worked in housing and had to report such things). The university says that there is no evidence of rape because it was female that raped me (I am male) and my supervisor is unwilling to help in any way. I eventually earn my undergraduate degree, though with a low GPA, largely because of the rape.

I applied to a number of different grad programs, hoping that I would get into at least one. No such luck because of the low GPA. 

I enroll in classes as a post-bac to raise my GPA. I took a few grad level classes, because doing so can prove that you are up to grad level work. I do this for a year and start applying to grad programs again. I am rejected from every program I applied to. No reason given.

I have three friends, all of whom are highly successful in their fields and lives. I have never had a significant other. My family largely refuses to admit what happened to me and whenever I try to bring it up to attempt to get closure, I get screamed at for "creating unnecessary drama." I am not being colloquial with the screaming part.

I am starting to question if I should just end it and give up this shitty life.