i feel like i won't live past march.it feels harder and harder every day to tell myself that i shouldn't enact any of the (many) suicide plans i've made. i used to go to therapy and ended up being unable to go for a few months (too busy w/graduating college, therapist moved locations, etc) and my life kind of...spiraled away from me? 

to make a long story short, i've been through a lot of shitty job experiences (went through a few bad food service/retail jobs, got fired from my dream job after three weeks), went through a depressive episode that caused me to self-isolate from all my friends (none of which have reached out), and now i just feel like this is the end. 

originally, i had planned to kill myself on NYE. i didn't want to make it to 2018 like this. my gf helped convince me not to, that i should get help (and i'm trying - i've spoken with a few therapists trying to find one right for me again) but...i don't know. it feels like, no matter how good i feel in the morning, a weight lowers itself on my ribcage that tells me that this will be every day of my life. that i won't achieve the dreams i've had for years, that my friends are happier without me around. i care about my gf a lot (she's been nothing but kind to me) but i feel like if i killed myself, even if she would be in pain at first, it would be better for her in the long run to be with someone in a better headspace. 

i keep fussing over dates - do i kill myself this weekend? the next? i can't kill myself around my grandma's birthday, or my best friend (from high school)'s birthday, which are both coming soon (and within a week of each other). (in case you're wondering about the friend - we don't speak often enough anymore for me to come to her about this. we just wish each other happy holidays sometimes.)

at this rate, i don't know if i'll make it past march. i don't know if i want to. i've lost interest in all things that used to make me happy. i'm so, so tired, after working so hard (i graduated with a 4.0 on the dean's list) for what feels like....nothing. 

it feels like i /am/ nothing. 