I'm a shitty person and I'm ready to dieJust like the title says I'm not a very good person and I'm ready to kill myself. I don't want any sympathy, I don't deserve it. I've stolen about $1,500 from my mom (she trusted my brother and I with her retirement savings because she was worried my Dad would come after them). The worst part is, she would've given me the money if I'd asked but I couldn't bring myself to ask because I hate her. I hate her because of how bad she reacted to me coming out as trans last year - telling me that she never wanted a daughter, belittling me for wanting to do hrt, making me feel like I was being selfish and like I was the one hurting her for just wanting to be myself. Since then she's done a complete turn around and is now very supportive (albeit ignorant) but I just can't bring myself to forgive her for how terrible/ invalid she made me feel. I refuse to rely on her for emotional support b/c she's turned that against me before and I hate that I'm financially dependent on her. 

For some reason I just can't find it in my heart to love her and I hate myself for it. Everyone says that she's a wonderful person but I feel like everything she does just irritates me - like I can't even stand her sitting beside me b/c her breathing irritates me so much. I realize that this is fucked up - I shouldn't hate my mom when she cares bout me so much but i do. 

Last year, shortly before starting to transition I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder and I've been seeing a psychiatrist but none of the medication I've tried has worked - I still feel incredibly apathetic and like I'm drowning in anhedonia. A few weeks ago, during my last appointment she brought up bipolar disorder but refrained from making a diagnosis. She did start me on a some new meds however, but since the last meds I tried gave me serotonin syndrome I've been holding off on trying the new medication she prescribed. Now I'm not on anything and tbh these last couple weeks have been hell - I'm always angry, I can barely concentrate, and my apathy/anhedonia has reached new levels. 

I'm tired of feeling awful. I hate myself for what I've done to my mom and for not being able to love her or forgive her. I'm just a drain on my family and on the few friends I have. I'm a waste of a human life and I'm tired of this stupid fucking life.

 The world will be better off without me.