Poverty, Depression, Old Age Alone, must end the farceI can't get in to see the doctor until next week though I am suicidal and have an infection (and don't know if he will prescribe me pills but I won't go to counseling so I will literally be "dead in the water" if not) I can't get a job. Since subbing ended in June and I moved, I got let go from two stupid summer jobs (unfairly, I swear). I have had zero income for months. I will have to sub again but that is an insecure job and starting all over at 58. Food stamps just denied me - It's got to be a mistake (Am I cursed?)but meanwhile the phone hangs up after 45 min waits. I have NOTHING. Staying with a friend and her husband but it's been awhile and I need to go soon. Landlords don't want someone who can't show proof of income. No responses to 99.9 job applications. Major traumas from a landlord who kicked me out because there was a mouse...huh? Then countersued me for outrageous stuff. Everyone agrees it's a bogus case but not before he traumatized me, leaving me homeless for awhile, etc. I went to court for my security deposit and lost because he made me sign a bogus form to get ANY money back (and I needed it because he did not give me 30 days notice but the cops suggested I leave because he was unstable). I thought the judge would see it was signed under duress, wasn't notarizes, worded openly, but no, I lost the case and my deposit even though I paid my rent on time and left the place immaculate and undamaged. Before that, a young guy came along, targeted me  me for "sex with an older woman"and dumped me right after, right after I finished a program for sexual trauma, and he never would talk to me once again and told me I was crazy. Just because I needed to have contact with him, I didn't try to have a relationship with him. All my progress left.There has been no romance in my life for years. I raised a child myself out of wedlock. My parents are dead, and I have little family support. I have PTSD, depression. BPD, anxiety, and I can't support myself. I'd rather end this farce than go to the Salvation Army. That way my daughter can get my remaining funds. I am a useless person just needing food. I don't think anyone would blame me for wanting to end it. Please no platitudes about trying stuff - at 58, being depressed since a teen, of course I have tried every thing I could, many times. I would take comfort from another person, however, that I could talk to outside of this public place. Like a depression pen pal. But I never get my needs met so I don't expect this to happen. I never feel well, always feel sick. Tough shit for me right. And all these other posts, with people thinking they have it so bad..while everyone does have the right to their feelings, I keep thinking, OMG, this person has a RELATIONSHIP, or supportive family, or a place to live, or a whole untarnished life ahead, or looks, or a few rough experiences. But I've had a lifetime so what am I supposed to do? Who can help me? No one, and certainly not myself. I can only pray the doctor will give me something that helps, but meds never helped before. Sorry.