I am a burden.I thought I was getting better. I really, really thought I was. 

I'm fourteen years old. About to be a freshman in highschool. 

I hate myself for this. I really really really really really do. It's caused ever fucking problem I have. It brought along other mental mishaps like depression and horrible anxiety, which brought along my devastating social anxiety. I can't even order at restaurants without getting tongue tied, squeaky, or an extremely low volume to my voice.

Over seven years now, I've been dealing with this stupid habit, this stupid trich. I hate it so badly. I just want to stop. I just want to stop. I don't want to pull my fucking hair out and have bald patches on top of my head, where I have to cover it up with my other hair I haven't yanked out yet! But I can't stop! I don't know why I do it, I just HATE everything about it.

For those of you who don't know, Trichotillomania is a mental illness on the OCD spectrum that causes you to pull your hair out, be it from the scalp, eyelashes, or other parts of the body.

The people who could've helped me stop when this started, my freaking parents, just hammered in the fact and thoughts that I'm a freak! I can remember my dad asking, "Why do you do this to yourself?! You are making yourself ugly!" I DON'T KNOW WHY I FREAKING DO IT. I used to promise to them I'd stop just to stop the yelling. To this day, I'm afraid to talk to them about it. To this day, I'm afraid to tell anyone about it in fear their reaction will be the same as my parents when I was a little kid with issues.

Why... why can't I just stop this? Why can't I be normal? It's not horrible right now, but I have a hair appointment in a week and I don't want people to see the thinness on the crown of my head. I don't want to pull the "Oh, a ponytail broke."! I don't want to explain that I was a crazy freak who pulled out her own hair for days and days, one at a time, until you could see the scalp!

I know I'm not alone in the world with this problem. But I still feel so, so alone in this. I'm.. I'm at a loss for words trying to describe how much I loath this. How much I loath myself for doing this. I just want to be okay.

"Just one more, it won't show."

"It's been a week! This won't show at all!"

"I'm so stressed, one won't hurt."

Just STOP it Hailey! Stop! STOP STOP STOP! Do you not see the stray hairs on the floor? Do you just disregard that they are there? Hide your shame by flushing it down the toilet?

Oh God. The SHAME. You pull thinking it'll make you feel better. But the hurt that comes. The pain. The self hate, disappointment, the shame. I cannot even begin to describe the low I feel after. And yet, I still do it. I still do it even though I'm destroying myself.

Why? Why why why why why!HAKJHDKJhs
Also;

Well, I basically had a fairly bad falling out with my best friend a while ago. She had changed to the point where she didn't want to be my friend because I wasn't like her other new friends, and basically cut off all communication with me.

"You're still the same ol' Hailey, and I've gone from anime recluse to this weird social butterfly." This is from the emails we exchanged back and forth... it led to her basically calling the quits on it and not replying to me.

This Summer has been super lonely. I have no friends to do things with, I mean, for fudge sake, I saw the Batman movie by myself because I couldn't get anyone to go with me. I sat all alone with my own large tub of buttery popcorn and I ate the whole freaking thing like a lonely person. I'm starting to think that maybe I'm pushing people away. Or do people really just change before your eyes like that? I have literally no one. 

"
First off, I know I'm the Optimistic Olivia out of the both of us. I see the positives in things unlike you. You're the Daisy Downer. Now, I don't typically mind that, because I know people that are like that, but you're a downer to the point where it brings me down as well. That's not cool by me. I see the sunshine while you're worrying about the thunderstorm. Now, I know from experience that I cannot change people, so I will not attempt to change that attribute you have. I will ask that you please don't bring me down with you because I want to be walking on air.

Another thing that is related to your Daisy Downer-ness is that I know you vent to me, but I really don't want to be your dump bucket. Now that I've introduced you to Danielle and Alyssa (plus your own boyfriend) you can talk to them. I'm not saying bottle your feelings but I really don't want to be dumped on by you constantly. I love you Hailey, and I'm not saying that I don't want you to vent to me. It's just things like the other night when you texted me with "why cant things be okay?! :(((((((" is not really something I want to go into. You're worried about things while I can except, hope and move on."

I -trusted- her more than anything. I trusted her to listen. And she totally cut me off. 

These events happened ranging from one month to four months ago. I don't know how I'm going to start highschool with no one. I don't have the greatest home life either. I'm not well liked by anyone. I'm a burden. I'm always going to be a burden. A fucking burden.