[20, M] Friend nearly killed himself, not sure what to doSo I'm in a very awkward situation with a friend of mine, I've known him since kindergarten and I'm going into my third year of college to give some background. He's a transitional male to female (I think thats the term for It I really dont know its not something I'm well versed on), He's always been a "troubled" kid in the sense that hes always had problems with his family and is extremely emotional to a fault. He's really "out there" really weird personality that at first I gelled with since I am kind of odd myself but he's like wayyyy out there (the y's denote how far out he is). He used to be / still is a cutter (not too sure if he still does but his scars are noticeable), and in general since I got back from college he seems to always have something to complain about to me. He's not going to school (he never gave a shit about school and would get f's with maybe a C), is working a dead end job that he usually skips a shift every week or so due to something ( one week it was his hands, the other week he said he couldnt even deal with it, one time it was his feet, I think he just looks for excuses to not go), smokes about six grams of weed a week (says he "needs" to even though I know thats bullshit), is a near pack a day smoker, and is seemingly an extremely unmotivated person. His social circle outside myself is a bunch of burn outs, druggies or dealers, He over dramatizes almost every plight in his life to a point where small hardships like going to work, doing chores, talking to parents, having disagreements with friends becomes these huge issues that fester and grow on him to the point where he would rather avoid them and bitch about it then actually do something. He very recently (past few days) tried to kill himself, I'm not sure how since he didnt divulge it to me, but he told me on the phone when I asked him why and he thinks that his life is just one big failure and that all the compound stress of his home life and his job made him want to kill himself. I told him their is no reason to see himself as a failure, that is he devotes himself to something and sticks with it he will see the real worth in life but he seemed to just pass that by.  



I dont really know how to handle the situation, as when I try to logically think about it many of his problems are self caused: his home life is a mess because he nevers wants to do anything his mom tells him (cleaning a pig sty room, doing yard work, basic things) so shes snaps at him and he in turn flys off the handle and they argue over a really simple thing, his job is stressful because he doesnt like it and seems to constantly try to find reason to want to quit, and he seems to hate everyone he hangs out with except me because they are all just shitty people. I've told him numerous times to find stress releasing exercises, whether its meditating, or actually working out but both of these options hes found a way to mentally edge away from because he "cant be sore from working out when on the job because it makes it too stressful" which I dont get, because he constantly bitches about being overweight for his height and not having energy. I've tried to talk to him about cutting back on smoking weed, as he sees it as his only stress releasing option and he complains about not having money due to smoking so much, I've even tried to lead by example and stop smoking to show him its completely doable but he says without it he'd probably go through killing himself. I've talked about him about going to see a psychiatrist about these glaring issues but he's been in a mental ward before and has this extreme skewed view against any and all psychiatric practitioners.         


I dont mean to just dump this on people here, but I'm kind of at the end of my rope with him, every conversation we have seems to be about how hes not happy and how his life is so shitty, and every time I tell him that many of his issues can be changed by himself he either doesnt believe me or just chooses not to listen. I feel like its honestly been really off putting to hang out with him, to the point where sometimes the only reason I do is because I know I'm pretty much the only friend he has that will even listen to him. I've thought about talking to his family about his recent suicidal incident but all I've figured that all that would do is bring about him actually killing himself or him forever resenting me, and at this point I think I would rather him hate me and be alive than die with me being his last best friend.  


If anyones had to deal with this or been in a situation like this that could help me out, I would be eternally grateful, some of my friends that arent in his social group say I should just not hang out with him since he's such a odd ball and negative and pretty toxic presence as all he wants to do is smoke weed, play video games, or bitch about shit (and the sad thing is they are right about that much), or they just tell me he needs serious psychological help, which I agree on but I know he wont actually go to one. I'd feel so shitty if I knew that I could've done something to help him not go through with ending himself but instead cast him aside like many other already have because they knew he would do this sort of thing.