My best friend is suicidal. I need help.Let me start by saying that this is obviously a throwaway account, since my friend uses Reddit, and I am definitely not a troll. I respect the Reddit community and it's advice, and it really pisses me off when people take advantage of it's time and honesty. I will try to detail my dilemma as best I can, while keeping away from any personal details that might be used to identify myself or my friend. Any help from you all will be extremely appreciated. 

My best friend is in his mid-20s, graduated from college a few years back, but has been forced to move back home with his parents. He was unable to find a job where he was living before, and a series of bad housing situations has forced him to become down-trodden and resigned to moving back to the small town where he was born. He has no friends where he is living, now works at a big-box retail store - the same place he had his first job when he was still in high school - while earning minimum wage. He is gay (not that it matters, but it adds to the woe - especially in the mostly redneck town he's now living in), and has suffered with depression most of his life. He doesn't make enough money to afford health insurance, and is too old to be added to his parents medical plan, so he cannot get depression medication anymore, or afford to see a therapist. In addition, he gets daily reminders from people he knew from high school that come into his work and mock him for still working at a retailer while they have 'real jobs.' What the fuck is wrong with people?

My friend calls or texts me daily about how much he hates his life and how much he wants to die. I try to cheer him up as best I can, and let him know that life moves on, but he doesn't believe me and thinks his life is unnoticed. Lately, he's been telling me that he doesn't give a shit what I think, and has been very transparent to me with his need to die. I feel like a few other people know that he is unhappy, but they're not close enough, nor have the daily interaction with him, to help make an impact. 

When he first mentioned he was suicidal, I thought he just needed attention and reassurance, but I'm getting more and more worried the further I talk to him that I'm going to lose my best friend.

SW, what do I do? Do I call his parents and fill them in? Do I invite him to come live with me rent-free until he gets on his feet? My worse fear is getting a phone call informing me that he's died, and I lost my chance to do the right thing. How can I convince him that life will improve?

Thank you to everyone who helps me on this. I am so completely lost.

Thank you.