Wasted the last 4 years of my life. Can't get over it.So basically, I'm graduating university at the end of this month. And I feel as if I've wasted the last 4 years of my life and a unique opportunity that I probably won't ever have again.

I became depressed at the end of my freshman year. Partly because I was confused about my direction in life and partly because I had gained some weight (10-15 pounds) the summer before and felt like a fat fuck all the time. But mostly because I was a hot shot in high school (smart, athletic, and relatively popular) and now I was nobody.

As a result, I stayed home and slept/sulked/mindlessly surfed the Internet as much as I could. I skipped a lot of class (although thankfully, my grades didn't suffer) and avoided almost all social interaction. I made no friends in university (although I had some acquaintances that I'd speak to in class) and I alienated practically all my friends from high school. I deleted my Facebook, never signed onto IM, and ignored all phone calls. I basically did the bare minimum I needed to in order to survive in university: study for tests and write papers.

Every summer, I told myself I'd change. I'd get fit, I'd reconnect with friends, and I'd make the rest of university the best time of my life. But every summer I'd fail. Which would make me even more depressed the following term.

I knew I was in a bad place and that I needed to change, but I always lacked the motivation. But now, with graduation rapidly approaching, I can see for the first time just how much I missed out on. First, I'm unsure of my major. I don't really know what I want to do instead; I just feel like I made a mistake. And the worst part is that I realized it too late. Because I was so consumed by self-pity and self-hatred, I never even thought about exploring other options. I just wanted to get things over with (finish the term so I can go back to hiding out in my room). Second, I missed out on the fun. University's probably the last time I'll be able to enjoy a high degree of freedom with relatively few responsibilities and I completely wasted it. All those life experiences I could have had, but didn't. Finally, and probably the most important of all, I missed out on networking. People always say that university's the best time to meet people and that those you meet will open doors for you in the future. Well, fuck. It's kind of hard to connect with others when you don't even want to see or talk to another human being. And I've got the grades to go to grad school, but not the recommendations (kind of hard to get if you never show up to class). Yet another window of opportunity slam shut.

So basically, I'll be graduating with nothing more than a piece of paper. I know that it's all my fault and I wish I could do it all over again, but I can't. So I just want to end it. I know it sounds silly, but I feel as if I set my life on a course that I can't change. And what's the use of living a life that you don't want and which makes you miserable all the time? I've come thisclose to slitting my wrists 3 times in the last 2 months and I wish I had the guts to go through with it.

I know most of you are probably going to say that university doesn't mean shit or that "it's never too late," but it really is. These were the defining years of my life, not to mention my physical prime, and I completely squandered them. Four years and I have nothing to show for it. My life is pathetic and worthless. I should just stop before I make a bigger mockery of myself.