Father is going mad, and I feel like I am tooSo, I don't think this is fit for /RaisedByNarcissists, my parents where, -are- overall great. I respected and admired my father as a well read man, but also caring.  
But for the last year, it seems stuff has gotten into him. X Files was a show we all enjoyed together, but then he started watching History channel... And then "researching" conspiracies... And vacines arguments...
Cutting the chase, I saw him transforming into a conspiracy nut, and defending those ideas more. And the constant contrast of his still loving nature and that, with his preaching to mom(innocent if insensible and, pardon, slow..) has gotten to me.  
Also I kept having trouble with university, although last semester I aced and got praises from teachers. I did drop in almost dead/stupor state for some days, but managed to finish stuff.  
  

For the last 3 weeks I guess I've been living fitting the 'hikikomori' description, in part for not knowing how to deal with the situation, in part due to the cold weather + headaches. In desperation I did vent to my sister, whom confessed she is also feeling the weight of their insanity.

The reason I am here, besides venting, is 2:
I am horribly nervous about coming out as a bissexual. But sis did so herself yesterday... Things got in motion I guess... for the better?
And two: dark thoughts, including suicide have come and gone for the last years. They have hiked up today, on desperation on how things might turn out. It seems it went well with my sister, but what about long term? Will he keep believing stupid stuff? Would he still vote for -that- guy, whom said he'd rather have his son dead than gay? Putting both of our lives in danger...  
Even if I dearly want out from this country, it isn't viable on short term...
  
  I am afraid of, just 'running away' should he go full delusional mode. If even my father went this far down, I feel like wasting efforts on the world is... too tiring and stressful.

I gotta add: We(me and sis) have been in psychological treatment for some time. It happens that currently doctors are out, holydays :/  
And for the last month, I've had worse headaches than normal, daily. Stress perhaps? My current horrible night-time living, and bad eating? (at night he isn't awake ;)  )