Everything's getting too much after a break up and I feel like ending it all. Cry for help.Everything is going wrong. I have had bouts of depression for years on and off even at my worst I've never felt like this. 

About a month ago my boyfriend of 3 years told me he wanted to break up but remain friends. He was the love of my life and I know that sounds cliche but I would give anything to be with him. He's made it clear he has no interest in sleeping with anyone else he just needs space. He still texts ME every single day and wants to see me and finds it hard to keep his hands off me but he does because he knows I will not be friends with benefits. I know it seems like he's using me but he knows fine well that I can only be his friend if neither of us are sleeping around and I will not sleep with him unless we are in a relationship moving forward. 

I am at University trying to make a career for myself and the people are nice but I don't want to leave the house. I rarely want to talk to anyone ever. I like my friends but I feel so, so alone. I want a career but I don't feel as though I'm good at anything. I want to work but at the same time I feel like it's all meaningless because we all die and I have nothing to contribute to the world. I feel as though everything I do is pointless.

I want to think that I will get back together with my ex, he was truly the only person that gave me any sort of comfort or feeling of warmth. I know the world isn't always so kind and things don't work out and I have this horrific feeling of dread that if we don't get back together, he will find someone else and I'll have to deal with that, and that's more than I can bear. I know it sounds ridiculous to be so emotionally invested in one person but I don't want to be alive if I'm not with him.

I know how stupid this sounds, even as I'm typing I hate myself because I sound so idiotic for feeling this way.

I know there are people in the world so much worse off than myself and it makes me feel sick that I feel so depressed over my own situation when it could be worse, but I can't shake the feeling.

I live alone and I've started drinking a lot to try and get myself to sleep so I don't have to deal with these feelings and I know that's an awful path to go down but I can't stop myself.

I have nobody to talk to and I really need help. I want help.
I'm on the verge of ending it all.

Tl;dr my boyfriend broke up with me and he was the only thing keeping me together and now I can't stop drinking and I want to kill myself.