Suicide hotlines are the worst.I'm fine for now, but I recall about 2 years ago, won't go into detail about what exactly happened, but I called the hotline and the people there are dense.

I got told to basically shrug it off, and they told me to take a hot bath to prevent suicidal thoughts. Holy shit, if I had known a bath would prevent a mental illness, I'd be Richard Simmons on my outlook on life.

Seriously, they have a bland tone, say generic lines, AND call the cops and have them show up at my house, without me giving them any information. The cop said they had to either take me to a hospital or jail, and I explained the situation, and mentioned how I cannot afford to be slammed with a hospital bill, and I'm not going to jail because:

 1: I gave no warning about suicidal tendacies to the idiot on the phone

2: Sending people to jail or racking up hospital bills for someone who IS suicidal, is 100% going to make them more suicidal, and is a very flaud system.

I told them I refused to go to either, because I have committed no crime, then they wanted to search my house, and I told them they need a warrant to do that, which is the point I took my phone out and started recording them, repeating they needed a warrant to search my home as to get it recorded.

That was my experience calling the national suicide hotline. If you're truly suicidal and call these people, it will make you feel even worse, you're better off trying your luck at a therapist or try some hard meditation.

They need to stop hiring people with telemarketing experience, and hire actual therapists or at least have some requirement of therapy before taking in people off the street. It is absolutely ridiculous. The national suicide hotline should be a last resort center for people truly in need, not some cattlehouse for people to have cops show up at their door. These people are having the worst day of their lives, and you people make it worse by saying bland emotionless things and calling the cops behind their backs.

Its disrespectful to the person calling, looking for someome to just talk to. They need to hire professionals, it takes someone with a special mindset to genuinely care about each and every call that comes through. It can be hard to get 50 calls a day about suicide, so it should tske someone with resolve and care to actually WANT to be there to help.