My mother wouldn't take me to the hospital while I was overdosing?My mother has never been a very emotionally supportive or loving person, and it has affected me in hugely negative ways. As someone who strives to make people happy, never being able to make her happy, alongside somewhat traumatizing experiences, has made me a very anxious, sad person.
Why I'm asking this: due to my anxiety problems, I've had a lot of trouble with being addicted to depressant prescription drugs. This addiction had been kept totally secret from my parents. I know it was wrong, but I'd been stockpiling old drugs that my mother never used nor discarded over time.
Yesterday night, I finally overdosed on 200 mg of Citalopram (I seemed like a relatively safe amount, but I guess it was too much for me being so petite and only about 100 pounds) and really suffered from it. I thought it would just help me to sleep, and I thought I really didn't care if I died in my sleep from it. Instead, I didn't sleep at all that night, and experienced nonstop, uncontrollable yawning, severe and violent hallucinations, and numbness. Originally, I felt like my heart was just slowing down and my brain wasn't getting near enough oxygen. I could hardly breathe. Then, I thought I heard a gunshot and started freaking out, and my heart was beating rapidly and irregularly and my head felt like I'd just been shot in it all of a sudden. I seriously thought I was dead for a few minutes because of the hallucinations. I laid in a hyperventilating, extremely anxious, numb state until daylight when the numbness went away.
I stumbled to my mom's room to ask her to take me to the emergency room because I felt like I was dying, and me already being anxious and on drugs, she saw my confused, colorless face and my hugely dilated pupils and immediately started yelling at me and calling me a drug addict and a thief, because she knew I only could have gotten drugs from inside the house. I told her I didn't feel good, and that I needed help, but she just continued to yell and scream at me and told me, "I guess you'll finally learn," heightening my confusion, anxiety, and fear to a new extreme, and I just went back to my bed and cried and hyperventilated until my dad came by about 30 minutes later to take me to a dermatologist appointment I had scheduled that day. He ended up taking me to the emergency room instead, and I ended up being okay. Apparently, there was some time during the night that I had thrown up everything in my stomach that I didn't remember. I had a small seizure in the emergency room, and learned that I had had a mini-stroke during the night and at least one seizure from the overdose.
I'm home now, but my mom is still sure to come into my room whenever she wants to remind me that I'm a liar and a theif and a drug addict and that I ruined my life. That's really all she's been coming in for; never to check on me. She never showed me concern or relief that I didn't die, and that's bringing me so much anxiety and sadness right now that I kind of feel like deliberately trying to kill myself. I feel that way because I'm too young to live on my own, and I live with my mom because my dad lives in a place that he doesn't want me or my brother living in (it's a long story; he thinks it's best for us). I just feel trapped. I was hardly allowed out of the house before, and now it's going to be even harder to see my friends because of this incident. My dad would be fine with it and showed a lot of concern during my overdose, but my mom said that I can't be trusted to leave the house anymore. What can I do? I don't think it's healthy to be around this kind of thing, especially when I'm in such a traumatized state