suicide note from late 2019, I'm slipping back, nothing is working (disabled and lonely)I lost the last of my vision back in Juli 2018, due to surgery complications, so now programming (my big passion and life for the last 8-10 years) feels so empty and unfulfilling.  
My dad died a day after his 60th birthday (of canser) and I should have been there (and I was offered to stay the night, something I declined because I wanted to go "home", because I'm selfish).  
My dog died just under a month later because of stuff in his stomach (either canser or stuff he's eaten)  

I hatte my body I'm not in a relationship and the unspoken presure from my family to find a gf is to much weight to handle.  
I'll never find a gf (or anyone that wants a physical relationship with me) because I'm uggly.  
I'm still a virgin.  
Every time I try to get into a relationship with a girl (not even physical) they either just friend zones me or ghosts me all together.  
Every time I see my extended family they always ask me about when I'm going to start uni, or make subtle remarks about me not "doing anything" and it's hard to hear BECAUSE I'M FUCKING STUCK.  

If you're reading this. It mean that I lost the battle. That I've set out to join my Dad in the afterlife (hey, maybe I'll get that beer we never got to have as father and son, under the warm sommer sun). That I've realized that I'm never going to be happy, that I was going to die single without ever beeing in a relationship with anyone, that my visionlos was to hard to handle on my own (which I have had to do). We are all going to die at some point. I just can't take more of this life (I can't remember who said it but, "everyone has to die, I want to choose the time and place").  

******. Keep being fucking amazing. I'll know you'll do good in whatever you choose to Pursue in life and I'm so happy for you and what you have accomplished, and if it hadn't been for you, I wouldn't have survived as long as I had. I've always looked up to you, both school wise, social wise and for relationship advice. Thanks for letting me unload on you, and thanks for being there to the end and I'm so sorry, that I've been a burden for so long. Keep up the good work and TeamN spirit we both started in our early school years.  

This is what I wrote back in late december 2019, and since then my life has just continued get more and more shit. No matter how much I try to get out of depression / get better (therapy, working towards moving out, opening up, trying to get back to school, improving my looks), it just never fucking works.  
I feel so hopeless, like I have said before, I feel like I need at 15 / 10 or 20 / 10, just to have a fair chance at getting anything in life that I want (job, sex, relationship)  
I told myself, that I wouldn't live past my birthday (21-09) and yet here I am...  
I don't know how much more I can take of this.... I feel so lonely... So hopeless... So alone in the darkness...  

I'm now alone in the night yet again. My family don't understand (not like I could talk to them anyway, since they are a big part of why I'm depressed) and I can't fucking sleep...