I don't know what to doI feel like such a selfish little brat for being this miserable over nothing. I'm an 18 year old female, and I'm in my freshmen year of college. 

My family's pretty poor, and I have a 17 year old brother about to enter college as well. So I opted to go to a huge and relatively cheap public university in my home city, and live at home as well. 

It's been *awful*. My family life was pretty rough before college started. My father and I haven't gotten along in some time. When I was a child he was the best father you could ever want. Then he got really, really hurt.

One of the injuries was head trauma that really changed his personality. He's also an alcoholic, and very controlling.

I was hoping that once I started college I'd be given a little more freedom, but it's been the opposite. My life has become very limited, I'm really not allowed to leave my house except for school, nor am I allowed to get a job (he's sabotaged a couple attempts I've made) And any interaction I have with him usually results in a

I know I *could* leave, but I don't even know what I'd do. And he scares me, he could ruin my entire existence if he wanted to. There's more to this, but it's not even worth talking about. 

College is not going well. I've always been pretty good at  school, I'm an alright writer. However, I feel like I'm paying an awful lot of money to not really do anything. I don't know what I want, but I don't like just taking filler classes for this much money a year. 

I used to be a pretty vivacious person, but lately my old fears and anxieties have come back with a vengeance. The worst of which is severe, debilitating test anxiety. Not only do I fail every test or quiz I take, but I completely blank out and occasionally have panic attacks or write gibberish that makes no sense because my mind goes into a wild panic and I come up with these insane, irrelevant ideas. 

I went to my school's counselors to discuss my anxiety issues, but they didn't really offer me any kind of help or solutions. They just gave me a list of therapists that accept my family's insurance. 

I called a couple but I didn't really make an appointment. I tried to, but they just told me they'd call me back and never did. I'm also afraid of seeking therapy or anything because my dad's really against it, he'd freak out  at me if he knew. 

I also have no friends. The only people I regularly talk to are my mother and my boyfriend. My mother's too depressed and downtrodden by my father to do much else besides listen to me, and I think my boyfriend's getting tired of me being a sad sack of shit all the time. 

My few friends from high school smartly moved away for college and are having a much better time than I am. I'm not really in contact with any of them. I hoped I'd make new friends in college, but I'm kind of out of the loop, because most first year students live on campus and I just couldn't afford it. Apparently you make your friends in the dorms first. I usually end up spending my time in school alone reading books or on my computer. I don't know how to approach people, and I've regressed and become very timid. 

There's more, but I already feel sick writing all this stupid nonsense. I don't deserve to be this upset, but I've been crying all day today and I can't stand it. I don't want to live like this anymore. I *can't* live like this anymore. I'm actually kind of worried for myself, but I'm too afraid to tell anyone I know, and the few people I could tell can't really help me at this point. 

I'm sorry, I'm complaining like a teenage brat who knows nothing about the world. Probably because I am one. 
