I don't want to do this anymoreI've been less and less happy with my life over the years. I come from a family that hates each other. Ever since i was a kid i remember my parents constantly arguing and being constantly angry and not being able to do anything about it. 

I used to cut myself but i stopped because i had a revelation in that it helps but it hurts my few friends too and i feel like a burden on them. I try to be really nice and always help to give myself a feeling that i'm important... but that doesn't make me happier at all either.

 I'm 16 and they got divorced 2 years ago but we all still live like this. The only true happiness i've felt in the past few years is when i had a girlfriend for a 3 month long period. She just made me happy like nobody else could, but due to reasons not either of us's fault we broke up. I've gotten over her... it's been over a year but i am just no longer happy with myself, and i feel no motivation to attempt anything school related for whatever reason. I've always had thoughts like "I wonder if i could live from this height" or "i wonder if popping pills is a painful way of killing yourself" or "i wonder if this car would stop fast enough if i were to jump under it." but i was never too concerned until now. 

I really had no childhood, i basically just sat by myself and played pokemon and gamecube and sat in my room trying to ignore my parents constantly bitching at eachother and saying insane things just to piss the other off. I've heard things like "You're not really his dad." and every time i am forced to go out with my dad my he always give me this long ass annoying speech about how my mom is a literal psychopath and she needs desperate help from a psychiatrist, which i can kind of agree with, but he is constantly showing me that he is a huge fucking asshole by being "that guy" in every situation.. and in public he constantly gets into agruments and stuff and he bitches about the dumbest fucking things and i normally end up agreeing with the person he is fighting with. Not kidding, he fought with the guy serving pizza at a pizzeria because he burnt his own mouth on the slice... and he thinks he knows everything and is *SOOOO* analytical but I always find flaws in his ideas and notions (im not going to dare call them theories) whenever i followed his advice i got into trouble and his response was "well you just didn't do it right." 

I hate both sides of my family because they constantly hint at the other family being in the wrong, and they don't treat me like a person, they just try to make themselves feel better by attempting to swing me towards one side of them but in reality neither of them actually care. Basically the both familys hate each other more than they like me. and i say like because i highly doubt my both of them actually give a shit. 

My mom kicked me out of my own room and before that she bought me a new TV for christmas, then kicked me out of my room and moved me into a small 10x10 area that only hold my bed, a closet and  a desk where the old TV that is near broken on top of it. It doesn't matter anyway because until 3 months ago, i would just sit in my room and try and play my guitar and listen to music on my old ass radio thing, when she needed it, we got internet and cable... and my grandpa (the only one in my family who i think actually cares) was nice enough to give me a decent laptop. So i'm kind of new here to the interwebs... i've only been here about 4 months but i would spend most of my time at my grandmas helping them out because they need it a lot on account of their age. So i was lucky enough to have used a laptop on there internet before it became mine. I liked to make videos and stuff which distracted me a lot and was fun. But now i don't really care about it anymore and i don't even feel like going on xbox or have any fun at all. 

I'm not motivated to do anything, now i just watch youtube videos and browse reddit to distract me from my life. most of the people i consider friends are moving on to different groups and doing things with themselfs... while im just sitting in my room, only leaving to eat dinner and go to the bathroom and school.


My grades have slowly been slipping since middle school but nothing too horrible until this year. I just got my report card and i'm extremely disappointed but not surprised at all, i just got done getting screamed at by my mother, but i'm waiting for my dad to see and probably ring my neck in disgust. I'm absolutely terrified of what's in the future.

I've tried /r/getmotivated and watching TED talks and inspirational speeches to try and get me to have some confidence in myself and inspire me to try again. But... i can't. I haven't been to a doctor but i'm pretty sure i have depression, which is ironic because i usually say that i refuse to recognize it as a medical problem because its an emotional thing. i'm beginning to doubt myself in that respect as well.

I'm pretty sure that what is killing me, my laziness and lack of motivation and sadness, is reciprocating and making everything it constantly worse and i swear i've tried to help myself and ask my friends to help and get me motivated but no matter what i do... i just can't bring myself to do my work and try and better myself. I can't even ask for help from my parents because i just hate them to much.

I'm just genuinely concerned that i'm going to finally gain the motivation to kill myself before anything else... i think the laziness is stopping me more than the actual fear of dying, which sickens me because it just makes me feel like there is no actual escape.

Please someone just help... honestly begging.