I've lingered on this sub for sometime nowI must admit, as I do for many things because of the fortunate circumstances I was born into and currently benefit from, that the majority of people experience far worse hardships. Even then, I cannot derive any comfort from that notion. For far too long I have lead myself to believe that I'd achieve something. That I will eventually take hold of my future, and aspire to do something meaningful. Can I say I've given it my all? No. Well, at the very least, have I felt satisfied in the few instances I've become invested in a certain task or something similar? No, whenever I've attempted something like maintaining a job, or increasing my GPA, I've always failed on some level. I've become so comfortable with keeping to myself that I struggle with relationships at the most basic level. I go into passive mode and just fall out of touch with those around me. Any job that requires effective communication like facing customers and putting on a smile, I flounder. I come off as some kind of socially inept weirdo on the fringe of being considered mentally handicapped. I've been openly mocked by past fellow employees, and I don't fault them for it. Some of the things I did and said would've caused me to possibly confer similar things if I were not the one perpetrating the bizarre behavior. I was so miserable when I worked at these places. A few times I wrote suicide notes while I was on break, although I never truly believed I'd follow through on anything. 
If I could succeed academically I'd probably be able to put this aside, as there might be hope I could get a job that would suit my personality. Of course, I wouldn't be relating this if I were, so what hope is there? I'm currently taking my third semester of classes at my local comm. college and I have something like a 2.6 GPA. I'm most likely going to have to drop the math class I'm taking and possibly another one if I don't complete an essay that needs to be turned in later today... I haven't any clue what I'd do if I took time off from school. I just needed to write this out for my own selfish reasons. Maybe one of you guys/gals can spare me some advice, but please don't feel obligated. 