It's hard to ask for help right now. I don't know why. In times of suicidal ideation before and it was easy for me to call a crisis hotline, talk to my boyfriend, etc. But now, it's the worst I've ever felt in my life. I'm close to taking my own life and now I don't know how to ask for help!I made a mistake and quit taking my meds back in late early August (with psychiatrist's permission. They were giving me weird side effects I didn't like, and wished to go back onto another medication I had in the past.) I thought I was ok and honestly I was feeling ok. But over the last three weeks I've had SEVERE suicidal ideation. I had an appointment with my psychiatrist but he cancelled due to a family emergency and has all appointments cancelled until mid October. (Personally I think it's irresponsible of the clinic to just let  unmedicated patients roam around without any substitute doctors to them help get re-medicated. I just have to ride it out until October and it's just getting worse!) My therapist knows and wants to help get me re-medicated asap, but to no avail.  He's been a great therapist but I have heard nothing back from the clinic so I don't think he has had much power to help.

But anyway, this is where it gets really bad here.

Whenever I get up the nerve and ask for urgent help I clam up and just go silent . 

I have messages sent to my bf trying to tell him what's going on and then I just "unsend" them. I don't want to burden him with any of this. I told him about a week ago I was feeling suicidal but that was it. But it's gotten much, much worse since then. I can barely talk to him anymore because there's some sort of mental block preventing me from talking to him about it.

I have googled the number for the crisis hotline many times but just sit there staring at the phone like an idiot wanting to call but I just don't know how. 

I have called the crisis hotline with ease in the past but now it's like my head is not screwed on the right way anymore. 

Why is it so impossible to call now? It used to be easy for me to call the hotline or to ask my boyfriend for comfort. 

I really should admit myself into a hospital but I think it would make matters worse. I have kids and responsibilities as a mother (like getting them through virtual school, and I do NOT want them to know Mommy's sick. Or worse, for them to know I'm suicidal). Their dad and I are divorced and he has work full time, so he can't do school with them.

I feel like I'm losing touch with reality (Not psychosis. Just things are NOT right.)

I don't know what the fuck is going on with me. This is SO SO SO SO SO BAD!!!!!!!  I'm REALLY SICK.