Dark Cloud of LoudHi everyone. I don’t want to be here anymore. I get no joy from life anymore. The other day I asked my boyfriend if he would allow me to kill myself because I’m suffering and in pain but he wouldn’t agree to the plan. I don’t understand. We don’t let animals continue living in pain. We don’t even let some people continue living in physical pain. So why do we just leave people in mental and emotional pain to get on with it? Some of us don’t want to “keep going.” Some of us see no light at the end of the tunnel. I am 23 years old and I have very severe anxiety that mainly revolves around my health. I worry that I have every illness that ever existed. I also worry that anything j do is going to kill me, for example, playing Animal Crossing. I can’t place paths in that game because if I do my head says I’ll die. I know it makes no sense. I have depression. PTSD. I recently found out that I suffered emotional and physical abuse as a child which has lead to me ending my “relationship” with my mother. I now have no members of a family left because they have all been involved in that abuse. I also went on to experience abuse in romantic relationships and am currently being investigated for a personality disorder. I haven’t been able to go to college or university. I don’t even know what it is I want to do with my life. My head constantly feels loud. If it’s not the health anxiety talking it is the voices of various other people in my head who have other interests and ideas. I can’t see what they look like I can only hear them and they all sound like one big mess, talking over each other. Sometimes I can’t even sleep because they are telling me their ideas so loudly and I feel motivated to carry them out. They convince me that I have the skills to do things that I have never even done. I feel like I need to learn to do anything, that I just know how to do it, and then I get disappointed when I realise I can’t. Sometimes I’m convinced that I am a famous singer or that I wrote songs on the radio. I don’t know what’s wrong with me but it’s too loud and too confusing. I also don’t deserve love. I finally found someone who was willing to stick around but I’ve been horrible to him. I have episodes of intense anger and impulse. It feels as though a black cloud comes over me and I have no control over what I say or do. The other day that happened and I threw a bag off my boyfriend and today I have pushed him and called him some horrible names. I don’t want to be here anymore. Life brings me no joy. There isn’t any argument for why I deserve and should be here.