Yes, I have been here before, another throw away.So I figure I should write a note. 

Rough draft. I have a little time to perfect it, but I doubt I see a new year.
---
Dear people who knew me.

I should explain. To many of you, this isn't a surprise but maybe a shock. To others you may not have had any idea. For years I have had to listen to thoughts guiding me to this moment. I have tried everything, the only thing that ever helped me was smoking marijuana, but that eventually due to other pressures could not lift me out of this. Just bringing that up some of you will jump to a conclusion that marijuana was a cause of my problems, not directly. Only the fact that it is illegal and I now have a misdemeanor possession charge that disqualifies me from having a job worth a shit does it affect me negatively.

I don't remember my first suicidal thought. I must have been a very small child. When I was 10 I remember putting my dad's .22 rifle in my mouth and pulling the trigger. It jammed. I could never muster the courage to do it again. I tried. I would sit for hours in my room with that gun in my mouth crying, wishing a God would come tell me that everything will be okay eventually. That never happened and I turned my back on religion, I turned my back on any creator that would watch a child suffer so and do nothing to help. I would imagine God laughing at me. This made the rest of my Catholic schooling very frustrating. This was all happening years before I started smoking.

I make it through high school only because I find marijuana. It has been the only medicine that has ever helped me silence the evils in my head. I have tried therapy and pills, none of that works, in fact it makes me feel worse. Something kept me holding on, maybe the stories that people would tell of how everyone hates high school and things get better once you get older. I held out through very tough times.

After high school I spend a year or so really going crazy, doing heavy drugs, even trafficing heavy drugs. Not necessarily because I was making money, I just loved the prospect of going out "suicide by cop", I would never be arrested. This was a phaze, I left that world very soon after entering. Mainly because those other drugs didn't make me feel good like smoking marijuana did, they made my mind think more darkly than ever before. I tried to kill myself by overdose many many times during this year. At one point I wondered if I could die. Maybe I was the Highlander or some shit. For a few months I would sleep with a .25 pistol in my hand pointed at my head hoping it would go off in the night. It never did.

At age 21 I escaped the prison that is the small town I grew up and moved to southern Florida. I had the time of my life, but when you have the time of your life you usually end up out of money, which is what happened. I was also severely electrocuted (I worked as an electrician at the time) and failed my UA (losing my job) but jobs in construction down there were everywhere I could have found work anywhere. I chose to fail and moved back home. 

A year later I get married. For a couple months it was bliss. Then I started to see that the person I married was not the person she portrays in real life. She was violent and abusive beyond anything I had ever seen. Not even in movies, not even on those shitty Lifetime movies where the drunk dude beats his wife then goes to the bar. I was stabbed numerous times, she would kick me in the spine without warning just for walking past her in the apartment (she did that Tae Bo shit, so she could kick hard) many times I would lie without feeling in my legs for 20 minutes wondering if I would ever walk again. She would just laugh. I believe she was poisoning me too, as the last year we were together I was sick all the time and as soon as we divorced that went away. She cheated on me many times, but would accuse me of having sex with every girl I work with and every girl in the apartment complex. I was not allowed friends.

Basically, this was the craziest bitch I had ever known, and I married her. I told her all of my deepest, darkest secrets and she stored that knowledge as ammunition and completely decimated my being. She may not have physically murdered me (not that she didn't try) but she killed my soul. I could go on and on about how she is an evil cunt, but I don't want anyone to think she is the reason for this, nor do I want her to have that satisfaction.

I wanted out almost immediately but she had become pregnant. I tried to do all the right things so that I could have a life with my kids. Eventually you just can't take being stabbed and kicked and hit with flying frying pans and you kick the bitch out of your house. I did this. I tried to get custody of my kids after she was FINALLY arrested for stabbing me in the head. She got a couple days of anger management and she got custody of the kids. Fuck you America for that one. My family is in huge debt because of me as well now.

I love my kids very much, they are the only reason I have lived this long. I wish things could have been different for them. I wish they could have had a stronger father and a mother who isn't abusive. I don't know what else I can say, they are the greatest people in the entire world and they are still just little kids. I know they are going to be amazing adults.

After the divorce I lost my mind. I honestly think I had like what POWs have when they are finally released. Just a super crazy post-traumatic disorder. I went on to completely fuck my life up. There is nothing left. Huge debt (six years of student loans), a drug charge that keeps me from getting even a shitty job I am overqualified for (from sitting on a park bench next to a guy who had a few grams of weed in his pocket at a campground), and a voice inside that tells me just about every 15 seconds I should kill myself. This is what I have left.

I can't keep anyone interested for more than two weeks now. I don't even try anymore. There is nothing about me that anyone would want in their life. I do not hate the girls who have broken up with me in silence, sure it hurts to not even know what you did or why they won't talk to you anymore, but ultimately I don't blame them. I would do the same to me if I could, and basically that is what I am going to do now. I do not wallow in this misery in person, I have masks. I wear these quite well and I would always have fun with whoever I dated. We did fun things and I was always smiles and jokes. I am not a goth monster.

All I have ever wanted was for one person to want me alive. All I ever wanted was for one person to want to see me everyday. The one time I thought I found that, all I was was a pin cusion. A punching bag. I couldn't even get the police to give a shit, they would kick me out of my own house for being beaten up ... with a warning that if I ever hit back I will go straight to jail. Fuck you America for that one too.

Now if I found that person I would break up with them to save them from what my life has become, a black hole. No one deserves to adopt my troubles into their life. If I have to die alone, why wait? Right?

Then the dreams started. Have you ever dreamed of killing yourself? I dream it almost every night. My mind wants me dead so bad. I call him my inside man. It's me, it's that guy that does all your hard math, does all your cognitive thinking. It's not some random "hearing voices" type shit, it's my mind telling me that I need to die. All the time. It's the first thing I think of in the morning. 

This is what I should have done when I was 10 and spared you all the trouble of who I became. I am sorry.

