Nobody will talk to me. Nobody needs me. Why should I care?I am the oldest of 5. Two sisters below me, who are like two peas in a pod. Two brothers below them, they get along famously.

My mother is a narcissist, but pretends otherwise. My father laughs at the whole matter. He's the exact opposite of me in every way.

I just finished my first year at college, where there's somewhere around 4 people I know. One of them is almost EXACTLY LIKE ME, up to the point where we can finish eachother's sentences. Both of us are agendered and asexual, and we share nearly every trait you can imagine except assigned-at-birth gender. The second is their SO. Kind of an asshole... but funny. The third has become a cross between a mother and a sister to me, and was the only reason I did not commit suicide 3 weeks ago at school.

I do not suffer from depression, but I have major anxiety and suffer from multiple "personalities." All panic attacks, mention of these personalities, and other such symptoms have been outright banned from my home, under threat of me being checked into a mental hospital.

About these "personalities."

I say that because they're still me... but they're not. It's like my one personality has fragmented into about 7 different bits, but I'm still in control of them... sort of.

Of those three friends I described above, all 3 of them have been stubbornly ignoring my calls and texts since I got home. While this wasn't unusual behavior at school, I would have thought, given that they fully understand the negative situation I was in, that they would respond. Apparently not.

Notice I said 4 people earlier... The fourth... is my absolutely wonderful, frighteningly triggering (no, I'm not a tumblrina, and I'm not otherkin.), homosexual stalker. Great. This guy's the ONLY one who will talk to me, and I find myself talking to him (something I swore I would never do, particularly after he got the cops called on me FOUR TIMES) more and more... because he's the only sympathetic listener.

I'm afraid my friends have abandoned me, and if I go back to school in August and find this is the case, I **WILL** kill myself, no exceptions. The thing is, I'm edging more and more towards doing it now... and I really can't think of many good reasons why not to.