I don't know what to do anymore. My life is a mess.I'm 19 years old, with seemingly everything going for me. I've (been told) that I'm very attractive. I have incredible, supportive parents. I have money. I got amazing grades in high school. 

But the past two years of my life have been a living hell because of my eating disorder, one that was triggered by my then boyfriend. I am still in love with him, but he broke up with me eight months ago because of my eating disorder. I went off to university in a different city, but only lasted a semester because I wasn't eating and was pretty much brain dead. 

Now I'm home, with no job. I have gained (much needed) weight, and am now at a healthy weight for the first time in three years. This is very, very hard for me. I feel like I am 200 pounds overweight, although I know that I am on the "low end of healthy".

I don't have a lot of friends because most of them were my ex's friends, and we don't talk at all anymore. My best friend lives in a different city now. I have no idea what I want to do with my life. I hate myself, my body, EVERYTHING. And I hate myself more because I know people would kill to have my life because really, the only thing wrong with it is that I'm depressed and have an eating disorder. But I'm going crazy here. It's a fight every day not to lose the weight again. I want to throw myself back into my eating disorder's clutches.

I seriously just want to kill myself and get it over with. I feel like I will struggle with an eating disorder for the rest of my life. I feel like I will never get over my ex. I am so apathetic towards everything. I wish I could just sleep all the time. I am so close to doing something dramatic. I know something in my life needs to change, and I know that change begins with me, but I can't care enough to do anything positive.

Oh, and none of the psychiatrists in the ED program I attend seem to give a shit about me because I'm not underweight anymore and apparently the only ones who need help are those who are underweight.

Life seems too hard, and I just want to give up. Please Reddit, can anyone relate? What did you do to help yourself? Is there hope? Will I have to deal with these suicidal thoughts forever?

TL;DR: I'm a weight-restored anorexic who is heartbroken, depressed, and not sure what to do with my life and for some reason all of that makes me want to kill myself. 