Lost faith and no more hope. I deserve what I got.I spent pretty much my whole life at my computer. Parents never let me out because we used to live in a dodgy neighborhood and when we moved somewhere nice, I become really introverted and prefer spending gaming/studying. Spending all your time on your PC literally fucked me up. I was pretty suicidal but I never had the reason too, just edgy. So I do something stupid and sincerely regret and the police comes takes all electronics and my life onward comes crumbling down. My dignity is all gone and I deserve what is happening to me. Just can't carry on living with it.

I don't even care about my life or what I do now and if my name or face comes on the news or anything, I getting that rope asap as I can't live with my friends  and everyone knowing what I've done. I fucking cringe and roll into a ball stabbing myself thinking about it. Even worse is losing my religious faith, it did fuck all for my life. But the stress losing faith is so fucking intense, it's like living in a lie my whole life. I don't care if hell exists or not, I just want to be there. Seeing all the tragedy going on in the world kills me off even more. 

My dream of going to Cambridge is no longer possible. Parents are so optimistic and forget everything that's happened and tell me to carry on aiming for it, but I well know there's no point in working hard anymore. I always aced top grades in exams without even studying. I know I have so much potential but now I'll just be a homeless scum in the streets and people thinking I'm just a loser who failed at school and can't find a job.

And I am so ugly. I have this long, beak nose and I get stared quite a bit when I'm in public. Reading all the propaganda and nazi, racist and islamophobic comments in the internet made me so self-conscious. I try to hide my face in public like looking down on my floor, covering my face as a car drives past, put a hood up etc. People have said I look ugly to my face. When I wear my glasses, I look the groucho disguise mask but uglified and without the moustache. I remember once this kid and his friend were laughing at my look. I stopped looking at myself in the mirror because it's so stressful to look at myself and go through the same thought process. 

I've grown this love for nature like I now want to travel the world but of course that is no longer possible. I try being optimistic as possible but I just can't carry on like this, dwelling like a freak in my bedroom all day. I want to commit suicide but I don't have the courage. I just can't do this to my sister, just thinking about her falling into unimaginable tears completely shreds me apart. I'm stilling waiting to see what sentencing I'll get but the final outcome will be either humiliated and hated by all or homeless or shit job and no relationships or just end it quick and don't have to go through it all. I always go through one of life's quote "anything can happen" but at this stage it doesn't look so. I admittedly deserve all this and I just wanted to let my feelings out.