If I weren't an atheist, I'd have been in the ground long ago.  But I want to pull the plug on this neverending carousel of embarrassment and shame and regret in my head.  I remember vividly every single moment where I fucked up, even from as far back as 8-10 years ago.  Sometimes longer.  Around that time, I started being very reclusive in my free time, distracting myself with books and games.

I remember back then, a friend talked me out of killing myself over AIM.  I had a plan, even.  Since then, a lot of reading and soul-searching has led me to Atheism.  No matter how shitty life is, even if I wake up every day knowing I won't find anything but the most fleeting moments of pleasure amidst that running loop of negativity, it's better than not existing.  But only barely.  I distract myself with porn, video games, information, constant gratification.  Hoping that whatever innate intelligence my genetics have gifted me will carry me to actually reaching delayed gratification in lieu of any ability to work hard anymore.  But the more I really learn about medicine and the demands of the profession, the less likely that seems.  Burnout doesn't begin to describe this.

I could've gone to a top-10 med school.  A top-10 college.  If I had the motivation.  If I had the space in my thoughts to genuinely focus on any of that.  But I didn't, and have only regrets.  And I'm worried I'll only have more going forward as more doors close for me and whatever ambitions I have.  That's all that fills the void-aimless ambition and vanity and pride in meaningless percentages and numbers.  That's all I have to tell me I'm better than anyone.  That's been my only use-I've never worked a day in my life.  I'm a number-crunching, high-achieving engine for standardized testing and academic success.  I have no intrinsic value, only scores.

I can't focus on medical school at all without ADHD meds that I know I don't need.  It's hard to study hundreds of thousands of details and achieve anymore when the alternative thought is "Well, I could always just give up and *die.*" and that thought is waging war with, "What if there's nothing after?"

I've lost 40-50 pounds in the past 5 months.  I used to be muscular-now I can't find time to workout, and feel guilty if I do instead of being in front of my computer.  I think I'm doing work, but I'm just distracting myself 90% of the time.  And I lost a girlfriend of 4+ years who I've realized was just another distraction.  One that I genuinely loved, yes, but she was a person whom I could actually confide in and celebrate the successes of.  The strain of that all, my not knowing what makes me happy and an LDR ended that.  She was my shield from my own negativity, from my anxiety about what others think of me with her unconditional caring.  The trips to see her were vacations from ever-accumulating responsibility.  She figured it out, I think.  That I'm a hollow man full of nothing but a whirlwind of noise and static and pain.

I find no pleasure in work or what I'm learning.  I wear a mask every day of my life with a fake smile, and people seem to really like me.  I tell jokes, and am "popular" enough to be on all sorts of student government and such.  But that's not me.  It's a veneer over an incredible feeling of hollowness.  I disappear from genuine human interaction for months sometimes because sometimes I feel that armor has been stripped away from me.  I'm too embarrassed to see anyone from my past.  They all still like me, I'm sure.  But I can't bear the idea of seeing any of them.  So I really have no genuine friends.  It's all a game, another distraction, another way to avoid embarrassment. 

It's all just getting to a breaking point.  And I don't have time to stop or I'll just pile on more regrets.  I have to achieve, achieve, achieve to make up for where I failed, or literally die trying.  