“You have the worst self esteem I’ve ever seen” - My therapist who’s been working for 40ish yearsI know my self esteem is bad but I didn’t know it was that bad. Realizing now that my self esteem leads to why I wish I was dead. I think my existence is the biggest burden that anyone could ever face. That I’m so ugly, just by looking at me, people wish they were dead too. Hearing my voice puts a stain on their day and ruins it. I’m scared to leave the house in case anyone sees me. I wish I could personally apologize to every person who’s met me or even laid eyes on me, but that would involve interacting with them, and I would never wish that experience on anybody. I believe that I will never be deserving of love, respect, honesty, or even anyone’s time because I’m me. My personality is horrible, my face looks horrible, my body is horrible. It makes me want to die. I feel like the world would be heaven on earth if I just wasn’t on it anymore. I wasn’t always like this. This blew up in the past 2 years. The only man I’ve ever loved, and loved more than I thought anyone could ever experience, lied to me and cheated. I already had low self esteem before hand, but not this bad. She ended up being abusive towards him, and he still loved her more than he loved me. So much so that when she demanded that he completely cut off contact with me (despite us having a child together), he agreed. Every now and then he would secretly check in and I would update him on our child. But despite beating him he would still brag about her to me like it didn’t her, how she was “the pretty girl” wherever they went, how she was out of his league, how he fell in love with her so quickly. I will never be her. I will never be loved, or respected, or cared about. I don’t feel like there’s any reason for me to be on this earth anymore. I will never have a fulfilling life, and if someone’s abusive girlfriend is better than me (even when I’ve never abused anyone), I must really be the worst person to ever be on this earth. I don’t think I deserve to live anymore.