Reaching the end of the road here.I'm 22. 99% of my life has been provided for me and I have been protected to the point of not having any skills or any idea of how to fend for myself. Just got yet another underpaid, shitty fast food job that is far too fast paced for me to keep up. Every minute of every day is like a constant anxiety attack. When I work it's 1000% worse. I just want to curl in a ball and die during every second of it. Having coworkers who constantly ridicule you for this doesn't help either. I won't last long in this job, and then I'll go do the same exact thing at another minimum wage, meaningless job.

My family is basically just keeping me alive and hoping I don't kill myself at this point. I feel like they've all begun to accept that it is a potential reality, whereas before they saw it as an impossibility. I'm so self involved that I felt like it would destroy their worlds, but after being away from my parents for a couple years, I think they'd be able to move on. Yeah, it's unpleasant, but we've had other people in my family commit suicide and now it's like it never even happened. Even if I did ruin their lives, it's not like they've got much longer to suffer anyway. I know this is selfish, but my father has had serious heart problems for the last decade and a half and my mother is frankly oblivious and naive and seems to be checking out mentally anyways.

I live with my sibling who is a good bit older than me and who has their life together, making great money, and has a great SO that could help them through my death. They're hoping to move in together in the next several months, which means I need to move out. I have $4 to my name (not to mention ~$12k in debt), a credit score in the low 500s, and literally no friends. No prospects for places to get a room or anything. 

Everything seems to be lining up, it's like there's a thousand signs pointing to death. I have never wanted kids, I don't give a shit about having a significant other, and frankly if I live a long life I'll likely die alone and an addict and/or alcoholic. Not that there's an issue with being alone, I prefer the solace, it's just a sad picture. 

I don't know when I'll do it. I might just pawn my phone/computer for a shotgun. I have been kind of disconnecting from my family anyways, maybe a few weeks or months of relative silence from me will reduce the sting of it for them. I will say if it weren't for them and the constant guilt I feel about being suicidal because of them, I would have done this so long ago without any hesitation.

I don't wanna work my ass off 45 hours a week to still have to live paycheck to paycheck. I don't wanna contribute a considerable percentage of my life and time to making some massive, soulless corporation even more massive, just so it can swallow other people's lives too.

I don't care to improve myself because what's the point? To create chemical reactions in my brain that convince me that I should continue contributing to a society that I have no interest in being a part of? I have zero interest in learning anything, doing anything, meeting anyone. I'm only alive for the sake of my family's emotional health. But I'm gonna reach a breaking point, and I don't think it'll be long from now.