Rejection and loneliness has turned my life downhill. TLDR in the bottom.Sorry if I’m not good on my sentences. I can speak pretty fluently but not as much in typing.

Hi, I’m 17 and have no one to talk to now so I thought I could get some help here. Just to start from the beginning, I’ve been through a lot of physical abuse from my brother from the past. But before that we were pretty much looking out for each other until he moved onto a video game called ‘Realm of the Mad God’. We had a lot of fun commenting on each other’s play style until he found a guild that became his friends. Since we had one computer to share with, we would take turns but soon later he would just take it all for himself and my father lend me his laptop for me to play. I found out that he’s been talking shit about me with his friends online and that would only get them to message me some horrible crap that at first I ignored it but it started to get into my head. The moment I knew my brother gave up on me was when he started to abuse me for things like accidentally dying on his character, etc. I was afraid on telling my parents about this since I know I would probably get more hurt from him. Eventually, they found out for themselves and proposed that we should both leave each other alone. Thing is was that I never really talk a lot towards my parents or anyone else really, just my brother. As you can tell this move made me really lonely. 

In school, I was pretty much the outcast. I wouldn’t talk to anyone and no one seemed to care back. But I was a great student who would reach over 90%. 

Later on, I met a transgender woman online. First time I had heard her voice just made me fall in love. It was a rocky start on getting to know her as she really didn’t like talking to people, but once she got to know me we set up to be best friends. We’d play a lot of different video games and discuss about different topics. Sooner or later, I found out that she has been suffering from depression so I talked it out with her about how she feels and what antidepressants she took. I talked about my life and how bad it has gotten until I met her. Couple months have passed and I soon revealed that I had feelings for her and she responded that she couldn’t return my affections for her back. But we talked about it and we both agreed on a date when we eventually see each other in real life. A few days have gone by and she revealed that she’s a lesbian which really made me upset. I was was upset as that I got rejected as well as that the realization no one really cares about me and that I have no future. This turned me to giving up on school and stay home playing video games to ease my mind. I talked to her a day later and settled on being best friends but I was still in love with her. I was planning on changing my gender a couple weeks ago until now so that I could experience what it’s like being a woman and also have the chance on dating her once more. Last night, I talked to her about it but she rejected me once as that she thinks that it wouldn’t really work out and that I don’t have anything ‘special’. After hearing that, I left the call and planned to run away or cut away my brain or heart. I just feel more lonely than ever before having no future. I thought she could turn my life around as I know that I couldn’t find anyone else like her ever.

TLDR- I was very social around my brother until he turned onto me by his friends on line that really fucked with my mind. Sooner or later I met a trans woman that I fell in love with which we became best friends until I soon revealed my feelings for, and we agreed on a date but she said that she’s a lesbian. I felt so depressed that I gave up on school and left off on playing my own computer, but we agreed once more that we could stay as best friends but I was still in love with her and planned on changing my gender to have a new experience and asking again if we could date once more. Again, she rejected me by saying that it wouldn’t work out and that I had nothing special about myself which I know isn’t true but it fucked with my head even further and I just want to end my life, knowing that no one really cares about me and that I have no future ahead of me other than being lonely.