I think I’m at the end nowI don’t think I ever could have lived for a long time anyway so it’s not that sad. I’m eventually going to deal with something that is going to psychologically destroy me anyway. It’s an inevitability. Just thinking of it constantly is having a pretty bad effect on me. I was just hoping to have a few enjoyable years before I go so I’m pissed off and venting knowing I’m going to have to end it. 

I can already barely eat or sleep. There is a waiting list until 2023 before I can even see a psychologist, or a psychiatrist even though I had both when I was 13-15 as a result of a pretty bad situation over the first 12 years of my life. I just want something to get me to sleep and something to help me eat and go about my day. I’ve been diagnosed with so many different things and I was prescribed so much at a young age (13-15). I didn’t maintain any friends. The things I went through were too traumatic and I can’t stop thinking of them and reliving it. When I can sleep I just have nightmares. 

Physically, my body has given up on me. I’m injured physically and it won’t heal, I’ve spent most of the last few months sick and I keep getting sick. I’m sick as I write this. The gym was one of the things I’d always be able to turn to and I don’t have that anymore. 

I’m annoyed and angry. I always hoped I’d at least have some good memory before I died but that’s not the case. 

This is the first Christmas where I didn’t get anything at all and didn’t have anyone to buy anything for. Not even a card. I had one person text me but they texted everyone. Sort of a milestone of how empty and meaningless my life had become. I knew it anyway but it still hurt to see it like that. 

I had $550 in vet bills before Christmas I had to pay. Due to being so sick for the final three months I was barely able to cover my bills and didn’t earn much of an income since September. I had to use my credit cards a lot. Now they’re both maxed. One is $80 over limit because of a bill. I have another $800 in bills coming soon. Many due to over limit fees, NSF fees, ongoing expenses for my job. I don’t have any food or money for food. My bank is overdrawn. My credit is going to take a massive hit on the 11th when everything resets. I also have to pay another $100 for vet bills. 

Truth be told I don’t even want to do this anymore. I thought I was going to die from my last flu. Part of me wanted to. I was ready. I’ve been keeping a lot of distance from people my whole life but I’ve made much more of an effort to do that since last spring. 

I’m trying to make it seem like I’m ok but I can’t anymore. I don’t want to live through this and I don’t want to watch everything get taken from me. I’m out of resources. I don’t have a safety net. 

I’m self employed and had to do everything on my own. I down have a rich family or much friends. I worked so hard maintaining this image and building my business and it’s all for nothing. 