I'm out of options. 2nd suicide attempt is all I have left.I was doing fine and had a steady job working 11 hours a day doing physical labor with a wood working company. I used 3 PTO days in a row with the excuse of being sick. Turns out I need to get a docs net when sick for 3 days. Didn't have my medical information as I've only been working there 4 months and I didn't get a medical card yet through the company. No money in the bank so couldn't pay the $125 to see a doc for 5 mins to tell him I was sick last week and just need a docs note so I can go back to work. Poor communication between my employer and myself throughout this time resulting in me  becoming very stressed at the thought of losing my job after about a week of not working. End up getting a temp med card printed out and getting the docs note and go back to work. Didn't know I was even going to end up keeping this job at this point so I had already planned to take my final check and use the money to get to a bridge near me and jump(no car so would take bus). So stressed and still suicidal first day back at work I end up walking off the job at first break without saying a word. Almost turn back but I just keep walking home and heavily regret it instantly. Contact my employer and tell them I'm going through stress and I've made a mistake( Without a car this employer is my only option in my area). Now I'm hanging in limbo as I await my employer to contact me next week with their decision to give my job back or not. Even if they do I will be ashamed to show my face at work since I missed so much work last week and all my co workers know I just walked out the first day I got back. All my co workers primary language is Spanish and mine is English so I'm all alone at work so it's easy to get stuck in my head and get in a bad mind set. I have poor education and no skills or options left. Not a single family member, and not a single friend to talk to. I'm a 26 year old caucasian male who has lost all hope but if I had another option to make a living I could at least Keep going and save money and eventually get a car in hopes that things could get better. I don't want your pity I want you to help me figure this out. Thanks for at least listening.