Ready to buy a gun and end it allI will delete this in 24 hours or less.

Background:

Sexually abused as a toddler. Diagnosed ultra rapid-cycling bipolar disorder at age 13 after manic delusions and severe depression. Things get better in high school. Got my A.S. when I was 21. Transferred to 4-year college. Moved 100 miles away to a city with no friends. Depression worsens. Hospitalized for five weeks. Several medical leaves taken from school. Girlfriend with borderline personality disorder leaves me at 24, in the cruelest way imaginable, then attempts to blackmail me and ruin my life over a lie she created. Diagnosed with PTSD. Struggling to finish my degree. Age 25. Hospitalized again after manic episode. Suddenly things start looking up career and school-wise. Things may be okay after all. Age 26. Coronavirus hits, internship goes out the window. Classes moved online for spring, summer, and fall. I can't adapt to online learning. Considering dropping out. I'd have to move back home to my mom's in an environment I hate. Current relationship failing spectacularly with a person who refuses to talk to me. Feeling like a complete piece of shit for not finishing school yet. I have three friends in my life who live in other major cities that are far away from me. Plus my girlfriend who won't speak to me. Every treatment I have tried for my illness has failed -- medicine, psychotherapy, ketamine, TMS. I have a fear of getting older. I have a fear of not finishing school to get the career I want. I have issues with sex due to my childhood abuse that will turn off any future partners. I can't live like this anymore. This is who I am.

I've researched how to buy a gun in my state. Despite everything I'm pretty sure I can pass the background check. I know where I'd kill myself. I know what song I'd listen to when I do it. I have a plan. It's a lengthy plan but it's a plan.

I needed to write this out. I need someone to listen and not judge. So many people just judge me in my life, like my entire family. Nobody just sits and fucking listens. That's all I want. Someone, anyone, to just fucking listen.