My story until... NowWell... Prepare for massive amounts of personal lore

Some time ago,when I was 13-14,I was going through some rough times,I have some sort of learning disability, some people say it's ADHD,others think I'm actually quite normal,anyway,I spent most of my childhood and teenager years feeling extremely under the bar,as in,I wasn't productive in school,to the point of almost failing every year of highschool,even though I tried really but REALLY hard,every single one of my teachers agree that there is something wrong with me, although I have some subjects that I excel... Anyway,most of my time as a teenager was in pure mental agony,I mean,imagine being so retarded people can't tell what problem you have,and it obviously affected my social life, eventually someone told me it would get better,that I should go on trying , Because maybe someday,I could do therapy,I believed it so hard,I waited patiently,I endured every sort of social and academical problem,never managed to get to college,stopped dating Because it did more harm than good ,after all,being a male with a disability destroys your capability of deciding on dating and reduces it to luck,but ok.. I waited,and waited, managed to get help through my father,which was absent most of my childhood

Went to therapy,and the result is... "There is something wrong ,I can't say what it is exactly,but some especific kinds of medication, could help"

Basically,yes,you are retarded,but maybe medication makes you feel better,as in,not solve your disability,just make you less depressive,funny thing is,both the therapists I managed to go through came to the conclusion that every negative feeling I have is justified by my experience,they do not come from mental illness,as in,I'm not depressed,it's not about how I see life,it's about how life really is for me,it is sad, it doesn't care how much effort I make,I'm still retarded and can't get anywhere,people still won't make me feel something that isn't anxiety or disappointment

I live in Brazil,there is no jobs even for normal and qualified people,I can barely manage to survive,I have to go on to the streets and sell candy to MAYBE be allowed to exist without starving,social life is no good at all,everyone feels disappointing ,no connection, especially romantic ones, even though I'm bissexual,I always feel like there are a lot of guys obviously better than me,with a lot less problems,why me? Why pick the lamest? No reason to,and nobody even puts any efforts into liking me anyway so why bother?

I'm a 20 years old dude,who waited for years to try and seek professional help,which demanded more money to MAYBE make me feel less like garbage,there are no jobs,I don't feel like struggling anymore,there is no one worth being alive for,there isn't anything to hope for,why can't I be allowed to simply die? Didn't I do enough? Why people who actually seek therapy,find out they don't have the money to be happy ,and don't want anything to do with life,forced to go through with it? I can't even get any help anymore,I'm broke,in a pandemic,living alone,why can't someone,anyone who hears this, actually undertand how terrible life is to me and let me end it instead of demanding that I continue trying,as if I didn't for a decade already.