I want to die.I'm having a bit of a anxiety attack so i thought id express myself here.

I'm 23 years old, struggled with depression off and on. I've always had it, it's just sometimes it's at the back of my mind, supressed. Right now i'm really feeling it. 

I'm going to mention I've had numerous paranormal experiences throughout my life.. this will be relevant later.. Just recently, me and my girlfriend witnessed to what we described as a black shadow cloud.. Looked a bit like the smoke thing from the television show lost. I made a thread about it, you can check it out. I'm bringing this up because I now know that there is more to life than we know. I'm pretty sure there's a 4th dimension from which beings come from and observe us. I now know there is intelligent life which we know nothing about. Indeed alien. I say this because I witnessed i with someone else seeing the same exact thing. I have seen other things by myself including a 3x3ft red/orange orb of radiating light just a few feet from me... That was when I was about 13. My girlfriend described seeing the same orb just a few years ago. I never told her about the experience until then. She has also never witnessed anying until she has been with me. She has also been chased by a large white orb that descended from the sky. I don't care if you don't believe in these experiences. I'm just sharing because it's relevant.  

Anyways I bring this up because it's really hard for me to sleep at night knowing i'm probaby being watched by something unknowingly capable of who knows what. Also as a kid, I had a poltergeist experience that comprised of the t.v turning off, light switch flipping down, and bedroom door shutting and locking. Nobody else was there except my elderly grandma making food in the kitchen. I still have a lot of stress and anxiety over it.. i always have to prop something against the door. Shitty thing is few people believe me. I don't really care anymore anyways.

 Just about everynight before I sleep, I pray to these things, or anything intelligent that can understand me, to end my life while I sleep. Whether you believe my experience or not, the point i'm getting at is that i'm getting desperate to die. I meditate and call out for any intelligent life form to take me away, or kill me in my sleep. It would just be so relieving, so nice and easy for something to just kill me in my sleep. it's just a soothing meditation of knowing there's a possibility I could just die in my sleep. 

Knowing that there is a dimension of higher life gives me hope. Hope that when I die there will be a chance of a better existence. It gives me motivation to end this pathetic life. Whats shitty is that when i tell people they just basically say im crazy or some shit. Like ok fucktard two people dont hallucinate the SAME FUCKING THING. I don't have mental illnesses besides from depression. I dont hallucinate. i dont hear voices. Im not crazy.. What sucks is that these experiences just further alienate me.  I feel like i have ptsd from them and nobody takes it seriously. I have only had about 6 experiences in my life.... they arent schizo hallucinations... But the experiences do bring comfort knowing that these things, whatever they may be could possibly answer my wish of wanting to die... Sorry if i'm repeating myself or rambling.

I hate life. I hate people. I hate being awake. I'm tired of life, i'm drained. I just feel done, I want to just get it over with. I've started fantasizing about killing myself. I'll put a loaded gun to my head sometimes. I'll put a razor sharp knife to my huge veins in my arm. I'll think about setting up a mask with nitrogen. Just lots of suicidal thoughts.

I hate my life. I think if I could not be around people, not work, and be able to mind my own business that I would be okay with living. I really hate working.. I literally start having anxiety attacks thinking of work. I think it's the main thing causing my depression. I absolutely hate it. While i'm smiling telling people goodmorning and that i'm fine, i'm thinking about kiling myself and begging to die. 

Like previously mentioned, i don't like people. I have reasons for not liking other people. People are simply a liability. It's a use or be used world. Under certain circumstances, people will have a negative effect.. That negative effect could be anywhere on the spectrum of being minimal or extreme. Just a liability.. other people do what they want, even if its doing good just so they can get something in return. People don't realize, but all relationships give and take, you're all being used and you're also getting something out of it. This is at it's best. Most people are simply parasitic to others. Most people are just fucking evil. Yeah, i've seen firsthand how evil people can be.

 The world is a fucked place. So much pain, suffering, misery. Happiness seems to just be a temporary escape from it all. I literally feel like this place is some kind of hell. Maybe I fucked up somewhere before this life. Maybe we all fucked up. Fucked up to the point that we literally had to crawl as worms and make our way to being what we are now. It's an endless process of misery and pain.

I'm eventually going to die anyways. We all will die at some point. Even if the answer to immortality is available or will be, it will be kept away from the majority. We build our image up, we form these petty relationships, just to lose all of these attatchments in the end. 

I've felt pain. Physical and mental. We all have. Knowing that the worst pain i've experienced is probably nothing compared to the infinite array of curses that can plauge us in our lives, is really hard to accept. Knowing down the line, I will slowly lose all I have known, meanwhile knowing that i will be experiencing my draw of pain, is a hard pill to swallow.

I'm just having an anxiety attack right now. Thought maybe giving a brief summary into my world would help. I'm not really looking for advice.. I dont want to hear things like, it gets better, dont do it, etc... just wanting to express my pain. 

i just smoked some weed just now.. the anxiety was just hitting me too hard. I was freaking out. What sucks is I know that when i smoke weed, it makes my depression worse or a few days after. So I have that to look forward too. I havent touched weed in over a year. I hate having to rely on things. oh well. 

You just dont know how badly i want to die... I just need more courage to do it myself. I feel like i just dont belong here anymore. Really the only thing stopping me is my fear and i'm trying to overcome it. I'm in a lot of mental pain. Suicide feels like the only answer right now. 








