Short story longSome people say the hardest part is to start. Maybe they're right.

As you can imagine from the title, the post may be quite long. Since I write this paragraph at the very beginning, I can't say for sure how long it will be and I won't alter it later.

Addendum: Maybe I'll re-discover this post someday and wonder about how stupid at was at the time.

Just to let you know a little bit about me: I'm 22 years old, male, and about to finish my B. Eng. within the next year. Or something like that. Also, English isn't my main language, so in case you find spelling or grammar mistakes, please point them out so I can improve my knowledge.

I guess everything started relatively early. As far as I know, my childhood was not the happiest you can imagine. I was a dickhead, more or less antisocial, almost got thrown out of elementary school for sexual harassment (no, I'm not a teacher) and pretty much fucked many things up. Some years ago, my dad told me that as much other children sang and laughed, I cried and complained. I'm still doing the latter.

5th grade, new school. It started more or less unspectacular (you know, new people, but still the same old shit) and I even managed to find some nice friends, but things got dark when I entered 6th grade. I'd say it's a key experience in my life when I got sick from this one stupid spoiled sandwich from the gas station in mid-2006, because ever since, I'm struggling with chronic stomach pain and nausea. Also, this was the first time I had suicidal thoughts. I don't know if you ever had the experience of feeling nauseous for weeks a time, but I can guarantee that after a while, you want it to stop - one way or the other. Thankfully, the nausea and stomach problems have slightly improved with the years, but everything else is pretty much the same as then. Maybe because of different reasons.

6th grade also was the start of years of more intense bullying than before, something I never really managed to escape, although it seemed much more subtle in the later years of school. Except from that one asshole that's, until today, the only person I'd really punch their teeth out. Otherwise I made peace with the bullies and eventually even became friends with some of them. Sounds strange, but it's true. Things change, people change, and the assholes from the past are maybe just too egocentric to see themselves damaging their folks around them. That doesn't make them better people, but much more relatable.

Anyways, the real shit is still to come.

After graduating high school, I originally thought about starting an apprenticeship in a local bike shop, but didn't sign the contract because my future boss turned out to be a racist asshole with an ego way too huge for his lack of social skills. As we know, the latter two often go hand in hand. However, I eventually ended up in college, in a course I'd still say was almost perfect for me. Sadly, I did not last long and switched to my current course, Automotive Engineering, after just two semesters.

This current course is maybe one of the things in my life I hate most. I hated it more or less from the beginning but believed the older students who said it'd get better in higher semesters. Now I'm about to enter the 8th semester and it still hasn't gotten better, only worse.

In addition to my permanent lack of time, money, motivation, I developed a sometimes mild, sometimes severe form of social anxiety while the depressive and suicidal have thoughts stayed with me for the last 12 years. Often, when I was afraid of something, I became nauseous or got a severe stomach ache and whoops, I got an excuse not to do it. This could be a visit to a friend's birthday party, simply leaving the house to go to the pub, doing whateverthefuckyoucanimaginewithsocialinteraction and so on.

Basically, my mom did a great job at encouraging me to spend time with my friends while also preventing me from going to clubs and bars and staying with my friends until late. When I turned 18, I was somehow supposed to magically make up for all the stuff I wasn't allowed to do until then. Hang out with friends at bars and in clubs, going to pubs for a few drinks and so on. I still don't like going there, partly because it just feels so wrong and I still sometimes hear "No, you can wait until you're old enough," in the back of my mind. I realize that the time to start these things is slowly running out.

Before you think I want to blame my mom for the things I don't do, although I always wanted to do them... well, it's not completely right. It's true that I had a very boring youth, and I'm very sure she only wanted to protect me from harm. Maybe it backfired a little bit.

Other than that, she was the most encouraging and motivating person I knew. I could talk to her about all the problems and... well, even though I trust no one completely, she was the one I trusted most. More about that later.

So now that I'm almost finished with college, I have to do an internship in my future field of work. I got a really good opportunity and used it, so now I have like the perfect job for my needs. Organizing stuff, driving cars, and so on. And still, I hate it all.

To get the job, I had to move out of my parent's house. Which is... technically not correct, because at the time I left home, it was my brother's and my house. My mom died of cancer a few months ago and ever since, it feels like my life is getting even worse. Not only that she was (despite quite a few arguments) my favorite person, but after she died, my dad, who had to leave a few years ago for absolutely stupid reasons and his own bullshitting, moved back in with us. Aside from being my dad, I'd rather like to see him as an acquaintance. I can get along with him for some time, but having him constantly around me is a pain in the ass. His form of encouragement is way less subtle than my mom's and primarily focuses on finishing college so I can get a well-paid job, rather than getting a job I really want to do.

As I said before, I had to leave home and move to a city half a country away where I couldn't find a room until now. So basically I sit here with an underpaid internship (below minimum wage) in an overpriced $1700, 100 sqft guest house room with a cold, dark  shit-house next door and a shower in the basement directly beside the washing machine and the tumbler that's frequented by the guest house's employees. Basically everyone can see you when you take a shower. The thought really makes me uncomfortable and the anxiety to do it is like the end boss of a video game, only that he respawns after one or two days and I have to kill him again. He levels up from hitting me while I lose these exact XP.

I tried to find a room, preferably in a flat-sharing community, emailed many people and only got replies from commercial providers who wanted more or less the equivalent of a kidney as a deposit and charge a shitton of money for their stupid single-room flats.

So well, here I am, alone, burning money as I write this, being stuck in a college course I hated almost from the start, in a city I never wanted to move to, without the opportunity to even do something useful, without my cat, without my precious PC I built for seven years and a stable internet connection, even without a proper toilet and shower.

In the last months, I lost my mom, at least temporarily my home and most of my friends, and gained nothing from all that except for disappointment.

Suicidal thoughts have often appeared during my journey through time and space, and they may be my most loyal companions. After over a decade of them accompanying me on an almost daily basis, I'm tired of living. I haven't even told you a tenth of my story. What's written above is a rough overview over what happened in my life. Maybe it's only there so you can feel some kind of relationship to me instead of me being another block of text in this sub, posted from a throwaway account.

Before you ask: Yes, I've tried to get professional help. It wasn't much use and after it made everything worse and me getting the impression that everything should normally be okay and there was no reason to feel bad, I stopped going to the therapy sessions after about a year.

It's not that I want to die, hell no. I'd really prefer a life I can truly enjoy, but every choice I made in the past seemed to make things worse. I did my research on suicide and the methods and finally concluded that living a life additionally suffering from the consequences of a failed attempt isn't worth it. Plus, I promised a friend I wouldn't do anything stupid. Until now, I've held the promise. But I can't guarantee that I will hold it forever, given that suicide is always in the back of my mind and creeps in my thoughts pretty much every day for over 10 years now.

As I said before, I'm tired of living. And I wouldn't mind if my life ended right here, right now. That would make this post my final notice. Certainly not the worst way to leave.

(Also, if it really is my final notice: I want my body to be burned and the ash dumped in the sea, so no one has to fuck around with my grave. This last paragraph may sound stupid at the end of this post, but that's actually how I want it to be done.)