I think I'm losing my mindI hate that this has to be my first reddit post ever. I’ve been a lurker for three years. I have no one else to turn to. I’m a 24 year old American female.

Several years ago I was in an abusive relationship and I tried to kill myself. I almost died. Almost, unfortunately. They told me I had borderline personality disorder. After the relationship ended, I thought I would die. I have no friends. Never have really. I tried to find someone to talk to or confide in. I thought I found someone who would listen, but he took advantage of my mental state and raped me. This all happened back in 2009-2010.

Finally, I met my current boyfriend. He helped me so much. I felt almost human again. Our life these past four and a half years has been wonderful. We moved three states away from our home state to a new city about a year and a half ago. I thought all my suffering was over.

But now this morning he’s telling me that he still has feelings for his ex and has the whole time. None of it was real. He’s left to go to a friend’s house to figure himself out and I’m here all by myself. I’m right back to where I started. 

I had nothing going for me except him. I haven’t been working these last few months because I got sick and had to quit my serving job because I physically couldn’t do it anymore. I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and possibly lupus. Fortunately, I had a full academic scholarship to college, so I got to save the money that was originally intended for school and I’ve been living off that for now. I’m a musician, so I spent these last few months off finishing my album. It’s supposed to be released Feb. 10. I was so proud of myself for finishing it. Now, I don’t even care about it anymore. It’s shitty and no one will ever listen to it.  It doesn’t even matter.

So now I have no job, no boyfriend, no friends, and I’m in a fairly new state far away from my family. I’m not really that close to my dad, and my mom is very sick. She probably only has a few years left to live. I can’t put this on her. It would upset her too much and I’m not risking her health for me.

I feel like it’s all a sign that I’m not supposed to be here. I was never supposed to be here. The world doesn’t want me. No one wants me. I have no one left.

I’m don’t even think I’m human anymore. I’m just a shell. I feel like some sort of monster. I thought he was different, that he could make me human again.

I can’t do this again. I can’t. It’s my first relationship all over again. I have to leave. I have to go.

I’m sorry if this doesn’t make sense. I’m sorry for all the grammatical errors. I'm sorry if my formatting is messed up. I've never posted on reddit before. I also really hope I'm not breaking any subreddit rules. I skimmed the sidebar but I can't even comprehend anything right now. My thoughts are all over the place. I can’t even function right now. I'm just pacing in circles. I feel like I'm losing my mind. My borderline insanity is coming back. I thought I didn't have it. I thought they were wrong. I'm shaking and I can't breathe. I’m just trying to pull myself together a little bit so I can figure out the best way to end this. I overdosed on nyquil the first time and that didn’t work and I don’t have access to a gun. Maybe slitting my wrist is the way to go. I could also take all of my tramadol. It’s the only thing I have that can help numb the pain even a little. But I don’t know if I have enough to kill me. I also have about four months worth of adderall that I haven’t been taking.  Maybe I could take both? I don’t know.

Someone please help me

Edit- My bf and I share a reddit account. All previous posts in the history were him. I didn't even stop to think of making a throwaway.