I became a professional loserI dont really feel like trying anymore. Everything I used to enjoy or be good at just doesn't seem work. I lost the interest in studying, watching series or seeing memes on the internet. My girlfriend left lying to me about her reasons to do so and now she is dating one of the worst people I have ever met, rich guy who believes homeless people shouldnt be allowed to ask for money cuz it bothers him to lie about do not having it. I really dislike him, in fact I have already took knowledge olympiad tests just to ensure someone would pass to next phase in his place). his money cant buy him the inteligence he believes he has) I hate the person I see on her now(and I feel awful about it, I dont think I had ever hated someone or something before), but I am still deeply in loce with the person I used to see at her before. I cant believe someday everything will be better cause I honestly dont care about what is going to happen. When I was a kid, my mom told me she wanted to commite suicide cuz it would be better going to the hell than living with me. My grandmother expelled me from her house saying I was too much. My elementary school friends stopped answwring my messages some weeks after I went to high school in another town. My high school friends doesnt reallt get what is on my mind and talking to them feel like therapy with an unknowkn psycologist: we keep quiet all the time untill they decide to make something nicer than watching the depressed look at nothing and say no words. Im really trying to open up, but since my ex broked up with me I cant feel confortable at talking about my feelings to the people I know. I feel like a burden, it seems I do not deserve any attention cuz those who realize leaving me actually live a much happier life. In 21h30 I must present a nine page paper on proteins and I havent even started. I dont think I will, I cant do anything other than standing in the front of my computer ans crying. My ninth grade math teacher said(kidding)  would fall in love with some girl someday and she would leave me at university, which would make me reprove for the first time. I fear it is happening now and I hate myself for being such a jerk full of hate now