living a good life?hi i'm 20 y.o., now i'm currently in college and live a normal life, at least that's what people think. i do have a lots of friends, and even girls seems to like me. people say that i'm funny, that i have good fashion style, and i'm always bring them fun.

but that's the problem, they don't know my real thoughts and my real life when i'm at home. i have terrible bipolar, anti social disorder and social anxiety disorder. i live with my parents. both of my parents work as a lecturer on economics, they always get angry on me because they think i've spent too much money on unnecessary things. they also very religious and they think every problem can be solved just by praying to god, so everytime i ask my parents for psychological check up they just shrug it off. when i talk about my personal problems to my friends, they never take it seriously, they even ignore and make a joke about it. they think i'm just joking or something.

my friends knows my talents (i can design and produce songs and rap on it), sometimes they ask me to join their bussiness. but it never worked well because my friends are so lazy. i'm always the one who do the most work and spend the most money, and sometimes for nothing, literally. and what makes it worse sometimes my friends use my songs and artworks without giving me credit at all. it makes me think i cant trust anyone these days. i feel everyone is trying to take advantage of me.

and recently, my gf decided that we couldn't continue our relationship anymore, and we dont even talked much. we mostly used online chat to comunicate, even though we live in one city. she blamed me for every problem that happened, even though i know sure it wasnt my fault completely. i've been trying to replace my ex by talking to my girl friends more. but they always avoid me for unknown reasons recently.

with all of these bs i just want to end this life. i'm so tired living with assholes who cant be trusted. i don't have any reasons to live anymore since i learned that nobody cares about me anymore. if i'm going to hell, i just want to make it faster, seems like hell is better than this life. i'm not afraid of anything anymore. sometimes i just want to star a mass murder or something and then kill myself just so my friends and family know that my problems are real and im not as bright as they think. fortunately my love of music, art, games and anime holds me down for doing these horrible things. but i dont know for how long until i snap and kill myself (or even start a mass murder)....