HelpIm 16 and just started higher education at school. I hate it. Its the worst thing, its boring and crappy and i hate the people there. I have a few friends but i they always seem to hate me. I wouldn't even call them "friends" just people who like to fuck with me. They will take the piss out of me and my family and all sorts.

I dont know what to do with my life, do i go this way or that way. Do i carry on with the school which i hate or  try something else, im really interested in IT and would love to do something with software or hardware. Only thing is i dont know much and want to learn, but i dont think thats enough.

I have never had a girlfriend (except when i was like 11 or 12, but can you consider them "Proper girlfriends?". I have kissed a girl when i was 11 or 12 but otherwise no luck. Im not the best looker, most girls just ignore me or brush me off im slightly overweight and about 6"4 which seems to make me a freak in there eyes. I got quite close to a girl once but then i backed off as i got scared and pussy'd out. I dont know why either, i just stopped talking to her.  

I hate situations with people i dont know, it makes me feel so awkward, and that seems to happen a lot nowadays, especially with school. I keep having to meet new people but i hate it so much. I have one close friend but everyone calls him a freak and a weirdo, in fact hes a genuinely misunderstood guy and i get called his "Bum buddy" because of how good friends we are. Hell even my sister says that and it makes me really frustrated. I have no money, no job experience and no confidence. My life might seem quite good to other but to me.. i fucking hate life. 

Suicide used to be small twinkle in my mind. I used to think about it occasionally, how life just seemed so meaningless. How life was just, you get grades, get a job, die. Thats how i think of life in my opinion. 

Now im genuinnly considering it. Life just seems so shitty, so unimportant and the thought that i will never amount to anything really crushes me. I used to be happy and i was a brief period recently, i dreamed of having a family and raising kids and dying peacefully but no i just dont see the point. 

This is a cry for help and im sorry about any errors in spelling and such but i dont give a fuck to be honest and writing this is just making me realise how shitty my life is. Please help..

TL;DR Im unhappy with life and want to kill myself (Is that enough for you)