My last postAfter I post this I am going to be gone.

I have prepared a convoluted and hopefully successful way to pass on.  My only regret is not seeing my fiance again one last time, she is off visiting family for who knows how long.  I will forever ask her forgiveness from the other side for what I am about to do.  I also pray to God for forgiveness for my last act of living.  Haha, I probably won't be going to heaven anyway, no room for a drug abuser sex fiend up there.  I am probably going to hell and I think I am fine with that, it's where I belong.  Not in heaven or here on earth.  

&amp;#x200B;

Now this post is so sad and I don't intend for it to be sad, I want everyone to be happy I will be free from everything holding me down.  I won't have to worry about my shitty job anymore.  Hell I still have chemical burns from that shit heap.  I don't know how they are going to get by without me but I know they will manage, hell this job is probably the main factor in me ending my life.  I won't have to worry about Schizophrenia anymore and that is a huge relief.  I can't keep living with all the noise.  I am doing what the demons want of me, giving into their demands which is fine since I won't have to bother with that anymore.

&amp;#x200B;

I will never finish Twin Peaks with my best friend, nor Kamen Rider Zero One with my fiance.  I wish I was able to finish those before I moved on but those are only small worries.  And heck if I manage to make it to heaven I am sure I can watch them there.  I am just going to listen to lofi and pass on.

&amp;#x200B;

Now this is all sad so I will present a relevant short story I wrote too.  Maybe it will resonate with some of you:  


\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

&amp;#x200B;

 There was once a girl who lost her way.  


Shivering, isolated in the woods.  


Deafening silence fills the air; a symphony of white noise.  


The gloomy shadow of night creeps into her mind, washing away all reason.  


"Where am I? How did I get here?"  


These thoughts stirred in her head as she gazed up at the starless sky obscured by lifeless, motionless trees.  


The night caresses her, the wind leads her deeper into the brush.  


An opening appears amidst the trees, a faded purple hue overtakes the blackness. A light at the end of the never-ending tunnel.  


She gulps, trudging slowly towards the glow as if submerged in a swamp.  


She steps out into the light to be met with a cliff overlooking the woods.  


A cool breeze whispers in her ear beckoning her further.  


With one final breath she takes a leap of faith in hopes she will escape her endless journey. She closes her eyes one last time and lets the purple hue overtake her.  
 

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone here I hope you have a wonderful life, genuinely all of you.  I don't want any of you to do what I am doing.   Live as long and as happy as you can.