If you're thinking about hurting yourselfI've never really shared this story with anyone in it's entirety really.  But I though perhaps it might help some people on here.  It breaks my heart when I see other people suffering using words that I am familiar with and think I understand more than most about.  FWIW I'm a male, this happened when I was about 22-23 and I'm 25 now.  This is a throwaway account obviously, but I'll check back if anyone has any questions.

The absolute low point of my life was when I was in my bedroom which was an utter tip.  I hadn't showered for a while (apparently not looking after yourself like this is a sign of depression).  I was feeling incredibly down, it was probably 2am.  My computer was on, and I was perched at the end of my bed with my credit card lying on the table and a poker website up on my screen.

I knew it was a bad idea to play but I was addicted.  I'd also been drinking a lot that night as well.  It was a pretty standard night as things go.  Something happened that upset me I think, an unlucky run of cards that wiped out my few dollars I had on there (somewhere in the region of $200).  Losing $200 in one night wasn't exceptional, I rationalised it as a bad night caused by a bit of bad luck.  This time however I decided to unload my entire credit card online, I deposited $1,500 which maxed out my card and sat at a table where the buyin was $5000.  It doesn't really matter what happened next, because even if it didn't happen it would have happened at some point in the future.  Inevitably I lost the lot very quickly.

I hit some more drink and started crying.  I knew I couldn't afford food, I had to borrow money off my mum again which made me feel sick with shame.  I kept drinking and crying.  Everything I had done building up to that point caught up with me, the thousands of $'s I'd given away online, the disgusting state I was in, the crippling loneliness, the self pitty, the shame, the feeling of being useless and a complete drain on others around me.  As I kept drinking and staring at the screen trying to deposit more (but it wouldn't let me, I had no money left) I fell into a mental dark hole, the sort you only know what I'm talking about if you've experienced it.  My depression, addictive state and general self loathing/pity had been building up for many months prior to this point.

You can sort of feel yourself falling down this hole.  Since then I can recognise when I start slipping down it and now have ways of coping with it.  When you feel depression onsetting it's so tempting just to let it consume you, it's the easy option.

Back when I fell into this bottomless pit of despair it was a new experience and a new low for me catalysed by alcohol and gambling adrenaline.  I couldn't honestly imagine any worse level of misery than at that single moment.  It's pretty indescribable.

I reached for a chefs knife next to my table that my mum bought me for Christmas to encourage me to cook which was my hobby.  I started trying to cut my wrists the right way, but I could only draw a single thick dribble of blood and a lot of deep scratches.  I felt pathetic.  On my shelf were 2 trays of extra strong paracetamol that I had left over from when I did a 300 mile hike with one of my best friends a few month before.  I took all of them, chased it down with the rest of my alcohol and fell unconscious on my bed.

I woke up a few hours later violently vomiting all over my bed.  I then fell asleep again.

I woke up groggily and sober.  I lay with my eyes shut in my damp bed.  As the realisation and memories of what I had done that night caught up with me I clenched my fists hard and squeezed my eyes shut hoping it would go away.  Eventually I opened my eyes to see the result of the previous nights activities, the vomit on the bed and floor, the knife with some blood on the blade on my desk, the empty paracetamol packages, and worst of all my credit card just lying on my table reminding me of all the money I'd lost and my awakening into being absolutely broke and the shame and embarrassment that would entail over the coming weeks.

That was the lowest point of my life.  For me I can't imagine it getting any lower.  And for a lot of peoples posts I read in this subreddit their language strikes a resonance with me, sometimes articulating feelings under the words typed that you would only understand truly and recognise if you've been there.

But this isn't a story about misery because it got better.  I'm going to be honest and say that it took a while to get better.  It took probably a good year and a half to be able to write it off as a past chapter in my life.  

Having friends and family around you is really important.  And they are there with you even if you don't think they are.  I found out afterwards a lot of them were extremely worried about me but didn't try to approach me directly about it because they didn't know what to do or say.  But the fact I was in their thoughts and they cared meant so much to me in retrospect.

Now I'm doing a lot better.  Me and my best friend have started to run our own business now which is doing far better than we expect.  I've finally eradicated all my debts to everyone.  I wake up in the morning feeling happy.  One of my friends always asks why I'm so happy!  I don't know anymore and I don't dwell on why.  I just am and that's fine!

I still live at home, as during the past year I've been unlucky with my finances/jobs which is embarrassing for me slightly when people ask why I'm still at home.  But they don't understand what I went through.  I have the money to move out now and get on with my life and am in the process of starting to look for a place with friends.

When you're in the hole any forward thinking is near impossible.  But believe from me it DOES get better if you just hold on.

Looking back now at what I could have done, what I would of lost and how much damage I would have done to those around me who love me fills me with a cold visceral fear.

If you're thinking of ending it all and manage to get through it, you will also look back at this chapter in your life with the same eyes as I now do.  And life will be a lot better for you.