Yeah..So Umm... 
     I'll just start this without trying to sound like some sob story.

       My parents argued a lot so my mom would abuse my older brother by 5 years. Like beat him. In turn, throughout my childhood, my brother would beat me. Sometimes to a bloody pulp. By this point, my mom was no longer abusing him, but wonderes why was he so fucked up mentally. My dad worked most of the time so he wouldnt never try to enforce anything about it. He'd just talk to my brother and chalk it up as boys being boys. Each time he had beaten me, my brother would apologize afterwards. Give some speech about us being brothers then would later end up doing it again. Throughout this time, Im in school being pick on which is destorying my self esteem. In 5 grade, various times I wanted to end my life but my family ignored my cries for help so it felt pointless to do it. This went on until I was in 6th grade, when my brother beat me so fucking bad my nose nearly broke. That's when my parents seperated us by putting us in two different rooms. But, the damaged to me mentally was still there. I suffered fitting in school and developing relationships because trust issues steamed from that. I struggled to find the right things to say to people and in supporting people. As a result, my first relationship suffered, and my first girlfriend did not know how to handle it so we split after two and a half years.  After high school and more recently, I'm dating this girl (3rd gf so far), and I tell her that i basically wanted to take steps to become a better person. The best version of myself. (She knows what i been through) And, part of that process is doing less of something that I used in a unhealthy manor to cope with my issues. One of those things being sex. Her reaction to use basically having a lot less sex was her lashing out on me about how she wants to have a physical/sex connection in a relationship and breaking up with me rather than supporting me.  
Ive let go any resentment i had for my family. Ive tried developing a relationship with my family, but the love in my just isnt there for them.
Im not depressed. Im not angry. Im just.... Tired. Bored of this struggle in life. And everyone leaving when I needed them most. Those same people have the nerve to be the fucking ones to guilt you about leaving them if you were to kill yourself and/or they wonder why dont you come to them when they are apart of what drove you to this point... 
Im just over this shit. Over this life. Bored of this. But, I have no resources available to me so I can give myself a painless, quick, passing. 
Yeah...
Please dont call suicide people on me. Just. Venting.