Just Getting this off my Chest.I'm not suicidal...nor am I any danger of killing myself but I often think about it and I often see it in the media. I was spurred on to make this post and try to discuss my current problem after seeing the episode of Family Guy where Brian and Stewie got locked in the bank vault and Brian admits he thinks about killing himself because his life has no meaning.  Oddly enough, I can relate and worse still I know I could never go through with it because I would be proving everyone in my life right and just end up another statistic that some sick bastard would use to make their political agenda fit whatever narrative they wanted to bring up.

And I know where all of this shit in my life stems from. I know where the depression comes from, I know where my feelings of inadequacy and inability to even know what love or happiness feels like anymore came from. It all came from my mother. 

I grew up in the Southern States to an moderately affluent family, nothing in the 1%er range more between 180k to 200k combined a year depending on the overtime my father worked or company bonuses my mother gained. My father was an educated male from the baby boomer generation who never went to college and started work at a factory and eventually made manager; my mother was college educated, got a master's and while she loves my father is so married to her career that she no longer separates from her life. She's one of the heads of security for a nuclear power plant and controls a lot of employees.

When I was little, it wasn't so bad but my parents were very authoritarian and it wasn't uncommon for myself, a child that they thought had ADHD thanks to a food allergy to red-dye that made me hyperactive, but I eventually grew out of, to be beaten or spanked. I cut my own switches, face soaked with tears as I didn't even understand what I did wrong or why I was behaving the way I was. I screamed in pain as only a 6-9 year old boy can when my father took a leather belt more than inch thick to my backside. 

It got worse as I went into schooling and while I was thankfully taken to a psychiatrist and medical professional who kept my parents from medicating me and giving me a more selective diet it didn't stop my teachers from giving them 'behavioral grades' on a daily basis. If I got anything below a B I was spanked. I remember several days at school as a child where I had been spanked by my mother or father that the day after I couldn't sit comfortable at all. My little baby ass was almost perptually bruised during that time of my life and even as they did this. My mother would constantly tell me, "no one will ever you love you like we do. No one."

I bought into it, thought my parents were telling the truth, that their form of love was the best and it would never get any better. I began to associate the pain with affection but I always felt cold and empty. Next came the days of actual learning and challenge in school, when they asked well what do you want to be. Of course I got the speil about I could be anything I wanted to be and being from a very religious family, I was told that God had put me on this planet for a very, very special reason.

I could never figure out that reason. I never knew what I wanted to do and frequently changed my ideas. I used to want to make video games, to entertain people and make up magnificent stories. I was usually told that I could do it, but it was silly and meaningless. I was constantly pushed towards engineering but eventually went to college for a communications degree. 

Yet, the idea that I was meant to be something more always stuck with me, but my overly religious upbringing and the fact that my parents raised me more than 10 miles away from the next house beyond my Grandparents meant I was officially isolated from the outside world beyond school hours for more than 8 years. You know...the years where most social skills and learning habits develop?

I grew up socially stunted, constantly compared to my much older and social butterfly of a brother. I didn't date and was constantly questioned and even threatened about my sexuality. I was unable to choose if I was a churchgoer or not and constantly rammed from service to service, mission trip to mission trip and ostracized from the other children by age because I was never around. I was the outsider, the person they didn't know about.

At school it was much the same, I wasn't to be associated with. I was the unknown and bounced from one side of the city to the other, never able to make a reperior with anyone until I finally got into High school. It's only now that I look back that I realize I was just an object of convenience for those friends as well.  I was bullied and beaten by my peers until I hit a growth spurt in earlier high school and joined the football team. I got larger, more muscular and attractive and gained a 'family' in the form of the team from an outside prospective. In reality I had just traded one set of abusers for another. My teammates often molested me, fought with me and would do everything in their power to make the couches punish me in some fashion. Most of the couches knew it was going on but allowed it for team cohesion. 

By the way, I don't mean they just spanking my ass. I mean my teammates would bear hug me while they were naked and rub their genitals against my body. Many would grab my testicles and play with them or act like they were jerking me off in the middle of changing. It was all a big joke to them and when it's 1 on 40 you tend to just let it happen so you don't lose your teeth. I had already stood up for myself once in middle school for the same behavior from the football team. I ended up in the hospital with a major concussion when I was tombstoned into the floor of the lockerroom and left alone, screaming in pain as I went blind from the impact and couldn't even move my legs. I crawled dumbly across the floor, crying like a bitch because I couldn't even make my toes move until I finally got through the door by some miracle and a couch got me up from my feet to sit me down and wait for an ambulance. I saw a picture later, there was so much blood on my face and body that it looked like someone had cut me open from the middle of my stomach to the crown of my head.

It's been many years, but I still remember that the only punishment the team received was extra exercises for the week.

I remembered back then, knowing that i would never be the physical specimens of many of them and most of my bullies, I just remembered thinking that I show them with my brain, that I'd excel and make something and make more money and do something special. I'm in the work force now, 1000 miles from home, working for an older, more narciassistic version of my mother, publishing bullshit pseudo-science I don't believe onto social media and writing their copy and advertisements for them and I know that I'm a failure at life.  Not because I didn't try and not because I made bad choices, but because myself and so many others were doomed to fail from the start.

We're abused and battered and shown time and time again that people who are born certain ways or in certain places are just better than us and can abuse us because of that fact. We're shown it with people who are born into money, we're shown it with people who are born with more athetic talent or with anyone who has more sex appeal or anything else that makes them 'special' to the rest of the world. 

It hit me how true it was in college and it's stuck with me since. Since leaving school, I've been sexually harassed by co-workers at more than 3 employers at least a dozen if not more times. In college, I was raped by a 'female friend' who I had trusted and got me too intoxicated to turn her down. She then privately spread anonymous images of my junk across the campus and complained about my 'inability to perform' to several other people on campus, creating a wide spread rumor mill and killing any ability I had to find a signifcant other.  Campus claimed they couldn't track down the origin and that I "Shouldn't complain about the incident even if it did happen."

I thought moving across the country would help, but I ended up in a soul crushing location, grinding day after day and doing the same thing at work. While my all-female co-workers treat me like a beast of burden, blame every mistake in the company on me and act as if my presence is a sin. Day after day I'm reminded that I'm an 'other' in the office, but I have no where to go anymore.  I can't return home since my family told me I was not welcome in the house hold anymore now that I was old enough to support myself and I don't have the money to just quit my job and start a new job hunt. I continue looking for jobs but it's the same thing that most people suffer from still. "Not enough applicable experience." for even the most basic of positions. 

I know this got overly long and ranty, since I spent the better part of twenty minutes writing this. It made me feel better at least.