I can’t waitStarting out, I was planning on giving it two years. So I’d be killing myself at 24. Then it was a year. Then 6 months. Then a couple. I’ve settled on about a year I think. It’s about what will take me making sure my loved ones are taken care of before I kill myself. A year also allows me to atleast make some nice lasting memories with the people close to me. This year they’ll see my change, growth, and betterment. They of course will see my eyes have almost all of the light to them, but nonetheless, they’ll see me doing more for them and just being such a “stand up guy” that when I do go, they’ll have some nice last memories of me.

It’s pretty morbid though. I find myself drooling over clothes, jewelry, etc that I want rn. But I’m getting the essentials. I think of going into my career but it would be a little shitty to enter a career, and then off myself. Girls hit me up or approach me, and sometimes I wonder if I may ever take one up on it but it would be really awful to bring an innocent person into my life and then disappear. 

One of the hardest parts about this is knowing I can’t invest too much into my life beyond what works, because I’m trying to keep the collateral damage to a minimum. 

It’ll be sad knowing my loved ones will go through hell and wonder what they could’ve done. I love them unconditionally because I’m like that. I’m glad I’m someone who loves so intensely and passionately. Unfortunately, I do realize that their manipulating, lying, abuse, and spitting vitriol at me led me to the place that would be my demise. I became a very loud and arrogant person because I had to be, in order to protect myself from getting hurt or abandoned again. But of course once they say the monster they created, they shunned it. Looks like Shelly was accurate. They do love me, and they do care about me. I’m grateful for all they’ve done for me for loving me, and I really do want them to be able to move on and live beautiful lives. But people need to realize something.

Half of the bullshit spouted about suicide prevention is literally just succumbing to the taboo aspect of it. “Nothing’s has forever” “it gets better” “permanent solution to temporary problem” “you’ll get through it”. Just as “it’s nobody’s fault but his for killing him self” “well who couldn’t known” and “he had mental illness” are all giant fucking copes to either absolve guilt or pretend that modern society did something in order to try to save me.

I’d argue at the heart of many suicidal people, is loneliness. A feeling that despite being on the verge of death, just as someone laying on the ground after being stabbed, nobody is there to help or give aid.

Therapists want your money, psychiatrists wanna drug you, modern society wants to drug you, modern society wants to talk about you in a series of buzzwords but never actually follow through and care for you. The industrial revolution was a fucking mistake.