Why do I want to die so much?I've had bouts of bad depression before but usually never this bad where I seriously consider suicide this much. Like I knew something was wrong when I stopped being able to cry, I used to cry all the time and I'd feel right as rain afterwards but sometime after the first time I got horribly depressed my senior year of highschool I felt emotionally blunted, like the fun things slowly became less and less fun, and more importantly I just stopped being able to feel sad, like I felt bad about things but it was never sadness, it's like it just disappeared entirely. But unlike usual where I usually just think about how nice it'd be to die and plow ahead now I just stare at my 2 tabs of acid and seriously consider when Ill take it without telling anybody and go to the top of a tall parking garage nearby and jump off. Before I had always convinced myself that suicide was stupid, that even if everything is awful right now it could get better in the future, that there were things I wanted like a girl or kids or finding love, finding a dream I wanted to pursue or something. It's just I've become so comfortable by myself and when a girl really started liking me and we liked the same things and she was the dream girl my past self would have always wanted all I could think about was how much of a pain it was to talk to her, how much of a pain sex is, how much of a pain dealing with people is. I have friends to hangout with but all I can think about is how much I don't want to hang out with them. How much I just want to spend all my time laying in bed sleeping, or reading a story until It's time to go back to bed. Its just I feel like there's nothing to live for, no goal to find or happiness to reach. I've had sex which I always dreamed would be amazing but it was just so normal, I took drugs and it was great but now that I've experienced it just seems like a pain where I can't function normally for that day and can't sleep--the body euphoria just isn't worth it, I found friends with similar interests that like me and invite me out unlike in high school where I was alone but it just seems like a pain to hangout and talk with them, I found a girl thats really interested and I can't stand having to leave my room to deal with her or try to form a relationship. Like I can't imagine anything I want, I just want to be able to sleep forever, I just don't understand what changed so much. I used to want so many things and when I failed I just brushed it off saying I didn't really actually want it, and it's like after years of having that mindset I've actually become that way. That now that all the things I've wanted and dreamed would bring me out of depression failed because all I really want is to sleep. It's not like I've lived an awful life, I have loving parents, and have lived a generally good life. The only thing I feel holding me back from dying is how sad I'll make my parents and siblings, but to be honest I'm just so tired and we're all going to die one day and I hate waking up each day. Even if they become devastatingly sad, hopefully they'll be able to support each other. I just don't understand how it all came to this. What's so wrong with me that I don't have a motivation to do anything? Why can't I find anything that makes me happy, why is everything such a pain? It's so stupid that I've lived such a privileged life and ended up like this. Thank you if you read this, I never want to say anything to anybody about how I feel because I'm afraid my parents will figure out or the authorities or somebody will and will pull me out of school and just destroy my normal life and make me into a burden NEET that lives out the rest of the days sleeping in their parents basement and a disappointment where I finally will have the conviction to end it all. 