Hyperhidrosis has pretty much ended my life.I have extreme hyperhidrosis of the hands. Whether its hot or cold they sweat, when it's hot, they sweat so much that I petty much become the equivalent of being physically crippled. My hands become swollen, red, sweating dead weights and I become incapable of doing pretty much anything that requires use of them.

I have been dealing with this condition for 22 fucking years. My entire life. It took over 15 of those to even get a doctor to take me seriously and actually give me a chance to try all the treatments that exist for the problem. None worked. Your average day person doesn't get it, so I don't explain it to them anymore or bother educating them on why it's ruined me.

I can't hold down a well paying job, because I'm pretty much useless for the entire hot half of the year. I've become so socially isolated that I haven't had an IRL friend in over two years, I cut ties with my worthless family who always mocked what I had and said I over exaggerated it. I'm as alone as you could possibly be by the age of 22. I can't do social shit anymore, my hands pretty much cut off 90% of hobbies from being an option and quite honestly I don't think I've felt a single positive emotion in near a decade.

Now that I've tried pretty much every single treatment on offer I'm done. I'm tapping out, this is not something I can bear with for another 50 or 60 years. I've spent the last 6 painstaking hours setting up a noose, paid my rent for the next two months, not like I'll need the fucking money. No ones gonna show up, no one will bother me, I'm just going to hang myself.

I'm done. I'm not writing this so some asshole can tell me "it'll get better" or "you'll cause others emotional pain", because NO IT FUCKING WON'T GET BETTER. It has only gotten worse for 22 fucking years. And I have nobody left to cause emotional distress to, except the unlucky fuck that finds me. I'm writing this because quite simply I've got nobody else to tell, nowhere else to say it. This condition, that so many people find a funny little thing to mock, my hands sweating too much, has ruined my life to the point of no return. It's pathetic, but that's that. I even wish sometimes I'd been cursed with a terminal condition. At least then it would have the decency to put me out of my god damn misery with no effort on my part.

At the end of the day, it seems like I really will have to do it myself. Goodbye. I'm either gonna be dead in the next few hours or the noose will snap and I'll have to try some thing else some later time. Either way, I'm 100% set on this course of action. I've run out of patience and the despair I feel every day missing out on life because of this horrid fucking life-long curse has finally gotten to me completely and utterly.

Thanks for reading this. Closest thing I've got to a suicide note.