Everything is falling apart and I have no idea what to doThis is gonna be a long one but I have literally no one to talk to and I need to dump this off somewhere, sorry for that.

I spent the last year trying to fix everything and things were looking good. It was a really rough year and I spent most of it in mental hospitals. I lost all of my remaining friends and gave my family a really hard time...

In the end I managed to get off of drugs, stop drinking, recovered from my ED and even got a job for a while. Hell, I even had a boyfriend and it looked like everything was gonna be ok.

Well my boss kicked me out, my boyfriend just stopped talking to me after a while and I had to move back in with my family. On top of all that, someone that meant a lot to me died and I still feel like it’s partially my fault. I eventually relapsed and lost 30 pounds.

Recently I got a great offer for a new job and a new place to stay and I passed my driving theory exam so I really thought I could still make it.

Today I had my final driving exam and I failed because I was so nervous. My parents spontaneously had to go somewhere so I had to walk all the way home. I just walked home for 3 hours while crying my eyes out.

On top of all that, the people from the new job still haven’t gotten back to me with the work contract even tho I am supposed to move there and start next week so it looks like they don’t want me after all...

I am really really trying to get somewhere but it’s so hard when I have to start over every time and nothing ever goes well... 

I don’t have a single friend left since my best friend got caught shoplifting and doing drugs and told her parents and the police that it’s all my fault. She also told my other friends a bunch of lies to make them hate me so now none of them want to talk to me anymore.

I really don’t want to give in to the urge but it’s so damn hard to keep going when there is an easy way out... Therapy just made it worse, the meds just make me fat and tired and no matter how hard I try, it always ends up just getting worse.