I desperately hope my next life is better. I want to move on because my current one is meaningless.I was abused as a kid, so growing up I always felt awkward and uncomfortable just existing. I was obnoxious as a kid because I wanted to be liked, but that didn't make me any friends. The only people who seemed alright with me were the custodians and teachers. I ended up hating school through all my years because nobody liked me and that made me feel sick, but also when I came home I would feel sick. Then I grew up into a more introverted, depressed teenager. Anyone who tried talking to me ended up regretting it (shown in them avoiding me) because I was quiet and awkward. I've had no real life friends my entire life. My grades went from great to barely decent because I began to care less and less about life. I tried to kill myself a few times but I failed that. 


Now, as an adult, I have nothing in my life. I have no true ties. I stopped attending therapy because I don't want them to waste any more time on me. All I do is eat and hope I have some undiagnosed disease that will kill me in my sleep. I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon, so it'll have to be myself who does it for sure this time.


I have been motivated multiple times to change. Swayed by hope maybe I could believe in a religion, in being on an healthy diet and exercise routine, in going out and being more outgoing, in finding some type of happiness/love/success/etc. I have come to find changing for good or permanently is truly impossible. I always come back to this feeling eventually. Everything that happened while I was feeling good is meaningless if I have to come back to feeling this hopeless.


It hurts. It feels like I was cursed from the start. I hope my next life is better, I hope I get a chance to live a life with a good start. Even if that one ends bad too, at least it won't be all bad. I wanted to meet someone who I could love, I wanted to find a job/hobby/really anything I could enjoy, I wanted something. I lack purpose in this life and I don't see any point in finding one. I don't have any more motivation.


I feel guilty that I'll leave a mess. I hope it's easy and that nobody in my family gets a good look at me. I hope they don't feel sad over the time they wasted raising me.


This is long and rambling. I'm miserable. I want to die. I will hopefully not survive my next attempt. I hope things are better in the next life. I hope I have a next life. I hope it isn't just more time I have to spend alone in a dark place. I also hope it isn't a place where I'm tortured even worse than I have tortured myself while alive.