This year just keeps getting worse and worse. I'm just ready to give up.The first terrible thing that happened to me this year is I had my third son. I wanted to abort him at 9 weeks when we found out we were pregnant because 1) my husband is incredibly turned off by pregnancy and I knew we wouldn't have a romantic relationship for the duration and 2) we own and run a business together and it was difficult enough to get everything done without being incapacitated. He talked me out of it and I carried the baby to term. He is the happiest baby ever but I regret him every day. I didn't get any sort of maternity leave or time to recover from the c-section because we didn't have any employees at the time. I was basically split in half nursing a one week infant at my retail shop. 

The next major surgery I needed to have was my gallbladder removed. Because my platelets were so low after the pregnancy (68) what should have been an outpatient procedure turned into a three night stay when my baby was 5 weeks old. 

A month later we decided to move closer to the store because it was an hour commute each way and the baby hated being in the car. He screamed the entire time. So we uprooted most of our family. I say most because my oldest still had 3 weeks left of fifth grade so he stayed behind with his grandma so we didn't have to change his schools with 3 weeks to go. This devastated my 11 and 5 year old. 

In an effort to make his new daycare teacher smile, my 5 year old decided to tell her a funny story of how his brother touched his penis. They ended up calling child protective services and there was a full investigation. It turns out that little boys this penises are funny. That was a lot of fun. 

We finally moved my oldest in with us and 2 days later the pipes in the upstairs bathroom of our rental house burst out of the wall (beginning of summer). The fire department had to come out and turn the water off at the street because we didn't know when the main shutoff was. 

We couldn't live in the house for the 2 weeks it took for the water to be cleaned up and renovations to be finished. So I had to take the kids back to my mothers(an hour away) while my husband stayed with 2 "friends" let's call them Angela and Brian. We met them as customers in our shop. 

After all the stress, I finally broke (or thought I did) and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, PTSD, anxiety, and depression. They put me on a ton of meds and threw me in a partial hospitilization program. My husband was very supportive. I couldn't have made it through without him. 

I got extra money out from my student loans to thank him by taking him to go see his favorite band in the front row. Tool hasn't performed in years. Except for this January but I was too far along in the pregnancy to go. The concert is this weekend. I paid for VIP tickets, hotel, airfare. The whole 9. I didn't want him to have to worry about anything. 

Two weeks later my husband says that he doesn't love me anymore and he wants a divorce. No real explanation. I've spent 13 years building a life with this man. We have 3 beautiful children, a mortgage, and we own the business together. I think the stress has finally broke him. So he immediately moves out and lives with Angela and Brian. He's been there for a month now. We haven't had much of a romantic life because of the pregnancy and then the baby was fussy. So we've had sex twice in as many years. He told me he's been masterbating to Angela's pictures on Facebook for months (he's 28 and she's 47) and is going to try to have her leave Brian for him. I spoke to Brian about this and he doesn't seem to care. 

Yesterday my husband assured me that he hates me and will not be going on the trip with me, but I should still go by myself. My mother thinks he's going to come to our home and move me out while I'm gone. If I even go. 

tl;dr life sucks then it gets worse. I'm just waiting to die. 