I've had suicide on the mind for 15 years.I'm currently 26. The first time I remember thinking about suicide is 11 years old. I was always bullied in school, always picked on, never really had friends. Since then I've gone through ups and downs, but the last 9 years have been great. I haven't thought about it but a few times. Reason being is I met the girl of my dreams when I was 16. She was 14. We had been together since October 3rd of 2005. On September 26th of 2014 she broke up with me. I guess we had just grown apart and it, in her mind, wasn't going to work anymore. Over the past 6 months she's kept very true to her word that I'm her best friend and that she still loves me and cherishes what we do have. And that she never wants to lose our friendship. I've been down non stop for 6 months now and it's wearing on me hard. The suicidal thoughts crept back in around Thanksgiving. We always spent the holidays together. In December I decided I was going to kill myself. I hadn't slept in 3 days at that point and was having a mental breakdown the likes of which I had never had before or since. I went out to my truck, opened the garage door, and was about to drive in, shut the door and go to sleep with the engine running, never to wake up again. It was 2 in the morning. No one would have found me until at least 9 that morning. I was sure I had time. Something told me to call her, though. Something told me to call my ex and just see what she was doing. She was awake (both of us are night people for the most part) and I told her exactly what was going on and went on a semi-psychotic, sleep deprived, desperate tirade for over an hour. I went through every emotion I've ever had. She talked me down. She knows me and knows how to make me feel okay. Finally after almost 90 minutes I got out, locked up the garage, and went in to go to bed. Although I've had these thoughts on and off for 15 years, that's the closest I've ever come. And now I feel like I'm coming to a similar situation. I want to die so badly. I call her from time to time but she recently had a heart condition and is on medication and isn't supposed to be under any stress so I don't bring up how I feel. I just talk about every day stuff that's going on and hope that it calms me down. It never does. I always feel worse after. I have no idea what to do. I miss her so much. I don't see a future without her. There's 2 things that have kept me from killing myself in the last 3 days. First, I'm afraid because of her heart condition I'll end up killing her with the stress that would come from finding out what I've done. Second, it would destroy my mother to have to bury me. I'm in so much pain, though. I don't know if anyone here can help me or not... But I thought I'd try. If you've read this far, I apologize for the wall of text, but I thank you for taking the time. 