Help. I need someone to talk toPreface: I'm drunk and rambling at strangers hoping for help.

My wife and I have been having issues focusing around intimacy for a *very* long time now.  Going on seven years into a 15 year relationship.  We used to be great together.  Sex was good, life was good.  Before we were married (still in a relationship at the time) I had found out she's cheated on me a few times.  Like the pussy I am, I kept seeing her.  We eventually got married in Dec 2003.  

As sometimes happens, intimacy has fallen off to the point where I don't think we've actually had sex (penetrative) in 2015 at all.  I take 100% of the blame here.  I know I'm testosterone deficient (on the lower end of normal)  and took testosterone therapy for a while and it helped a bit.  Things came along (losing my job, depression, etc. ) and I just sort of shut down.  

My wife has been telling me for years that if she doesn't get more sex or feel appreciated in our relationship, she is leaving me/finding a lover.  At the end of October, she started a relationship with someone else.  

It has been a rough month with her.  She told me she is having a relationship with this person, but I'd thought it like her past emotional infidelities.  Only to come to a head these last few weeks.  I read her Facebook messages.  I know that is a breach of trust but I couldn't dispel the thoughts she was more than just infatuated with this person.  I was correct.  I won't go into details but this is the worst I've felt in my entire life.

I wish I could make people understand.  My wife saved my life.  I was in a bad place before she came along and she pulled my stupid ass out of the dump.  But since then?  I haven't been able to give her what she wants.  My ability to show her my love isn't good enough.  At least not for her.  

I can't do this anymore.  Seeing her with someone else is killing me, to the point where suicide isn't off the table.  I've thought quite a bit about how I would do it and why it would be easier for me to let her go and be happy with someone she can love (and can show her love back).  

tldr: My wife is stepping out and will probably leave me.  It is my fault.  I'd rather end my life now than fall back into my old self without her, where I was dead inside anyway.  I think I need help.  I'm dying inside and rather than deal with the pain I'd rather be dead for real.  