HiI think I will be quite specific as I'm sure I'll end up deleting this.

I've been depressed since I was about twelve years old. I've spent my life trying to please my parents—mostly my dad. The only time I felt something like love from him was when I got into a prestigious law school (never mind that my undergrad was prestigious, too, or that I had gotten straight As all my life, blah blah blah—this school was a name brand). 

I was raped during my first year of law school and didn't handle it very well. In my defense, I was assigned a particularly terrible counselor whose first piece of advice was to drop out of school—a total nonstarter, given how much it would disappoint my family (dad), and besides, I had met a guy I loved so, so much and didn't want to have to tell him why I was dropping out. It took me a long time to tell him what happened because I thought he would be disgusted by me. Her second piece of advice was to take little physical things that reminded me of the rape, put them in a box, and put the box on a closet shelf. I compartmentalized in a different way: I threw up everything I ate, which worked until I had a panic attack during a final exam.

I clawed my way through law school using various maladaptive coping mechanisms (drugs, eating disorders, self-injury) and finally graduated, but just about had a nervous breakdown when I only got cum laude instead of *magna* cum laude. (I'm headed to a really good firm, and every female lawyer there who went to my school graduated magna cum laude. I looked it up because law school breeds that sort of behavior.) And then my psychiatrist laughed when I told him how sad it made me. Around the same time my dad was diagnosed with cancer. We hadn't been talking since I told him in January that I didn't want to be a lawyer. Every time he's operated on, they find another kind of cancer. 

I stopped studying for the bar and now just exist in limbo. I'm supposed to start work in January. I don't think there's any way I can do it. I keep fighting with my boyfriend because I'm a terrible person who just sabotages the only good thing they have. 

The ONLY thing holding me back from killing myself tonight is that my sister is having a C-section tomorrow, and what kind of psycho kills themselves on their niece's birthday? (My sister and I don't get along, but I'm not a sociopath.) But I can't live another day. Yesterday my boyfriend said he didn't think our relationship would last. Every second has been torture since. I truly cannot keep going.