Not sure how to start this...I am sorry, I just need a place to say what's inside of me. I am a woman who's been of adult age for a while. I cannot remember a time that I didn't pray I would die in my sleep.

I grew up in a very dysfunctional family with a mother who I feel is a narcissist with a personality disorder and a father whose feelings seemed to come and go for me. The first time I wanted to die, I remember I was in about 2nd or 3rd grade and had a bad day at school of kids chasing me around the playground and trying to jump me. I was the fat nerd who never fit in and these kids' mom hated my mom due to personal adult reasons (a man). So, since their mom hated my mom, they had to hate me. I remember running into the school gym trying to get away and a teacher saw me and grabbed me. I had to go to the principal's office and got sent home. On the way home, my mom yelled at me for how it made her look like a bad parent, how I needed to try to beat them up instead of running like a coward, etc. It had been a very stressful time in my life with different changes, my grandparents did not like my mom's boyfriend and that caused them to fight every single day and they always put me in the middle.

I ran to my room and cried on my bed. I realized the only way this would end is if I died. But, I was too scared to do anything. However, these thoughts have carried with me everyday of my life since then.

My mom always blamed everything on me. She lied to men about having kids because kids would keep her from happiness. She would yell and scream and cry because my dad was too drunk or high to pick me up for the weekend and talk about how she needed a break from me. How it wasn't fair she had to deal with me all the time but he didn't have to. I remember thinking that if I just died she would have a break forever.

I have tried a few times to kill myself. I always chicken out. She still tries to run my life. The only way it will end is if I die. My brother is disabled and in her care and she only wants him around for his govt money. He won't leave her. It is all so hopeless and I don't see a point of living anymore. I don't see the point of living at all. I can't be myself and can't live the life I want because she feeds on my insecurities. I would just be free if I could actual just finally kill myself instead of ending up on the bathroom floor crying