Our Mom’s AttemptHi. Mom has been depressed for years. Severe depression took hold when I, her daughter (29F), was diagnosed with (now treated) cancer two years ago. Long story short, I was diagnosed with HPV at 3 years old. She and my father agreed not to share this information indefinitely. HPV causes cervical cancer. 24 years later, I was diagnosed with cervical cancer. 

Upon my diagnosis, mom seemed to ‘lose it.’ Couldn’t process information, constantly confused, was afraid to go to places (e.g. my hospital, apartment) because she didn’t like the ‘dark thoughts’ she experienced when she was there. 

She was diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment, anxiety, depression. Has seen several different doctors, has been given a range of differing diagnoses, but they all essentially amount to the aforementioned. She blames herself, not only for ‘allowing this to happen to [me],’ but also, feels extreme abandonment by her family (parental infidelity, sibling OD and subsequent death, abandonment by my father, her work-obsessed husband of 30+ years). 

She has been increasingly agitated, threatening suicide, writing ‘love letters’ to her children last Christmas (effective suicide notes). It’s likely that none of us - her family nor mental health professionals - have taken her seriously due to her cognitive impairment, and (forgive this) perceived lack of sound mind. She has become increasingly religious, fueled by those around her (not her family) who have been available to talk with/assist her during her depressive bouts. Notable that my siblings and I all live plane ride-distance from her and do not encourage the religious stuff.

She attempted suicide by OD this week. She left a note, then received a phone call from our father, then called 911. We think she took all her pills before she received call from dad, then called 911. She lives in a state that holds suicide-attempting individuals for 72 hours. 

Her medication that she took to OD has impacted her mood/cognitive function, and we are now awaiting her release from involuntary commitment. We’re afraid, as it’s unclear what her intentions were, nor can we intervene on her behalf while she’s committed.

How do we help her, and what do we do to prevent this from happening again (we know attempters are most vulnerable to attempt again within 3-12 mos.)? 

TD;DR: mom is depressed (very), likely causing cognitive impairment. We don’t know how to help her in preventing another suicide attempt. Please help?