I think the best way to go would just be to OD on heroineIts bloodless, painless and I be happy. Ive never done heroine but ive been addicted to weed because it helped me cope. kinda fucked up that people demonize drugs and people and pay no attention to what drives them to it or give them a better way to cope or help themselves. people are so fucking stupid and hypocritical. Im done with their rules. Im done looking for help. When i read a post about someone saying goodbye, i dont feel sad, i feel happy for them. I wish them good luck. I hope they have the courage to go through with it. the only thing i look forward to is sleep because at least i have pleasant dreams. This evening i dreamt i was laying in the arms of someone i was attracted to not too long ago. In real life she rejected me. She would be crazy if she didnt. In my dream she still wasnt that into me but she let me lean back on her between her legs and i stroked her legs because they felt really smooth. I kinda knew it was a dream but i still gave myself permission to enjoy the moment. Then i wake up and realize what a stark difference reality is from the world in my head. The truth is id rather be totally lost in my head and never come out. I have nothing to look forward to in reality. Im 32 and im drowning in debt, i have no friends, i live with my parents, the last jobs i had were so depressing that i quit a year ago and havent worked since. When i go outside i feel pressure to enjoy being around people but i really hate it. I feel ashamed of my life. I just try to avoid eye contact and give away as little of myself as possible. Im not going to try anymore because ive literally been trying my whole life and nothing has worked out right. I dont want to "get help" because im pretty sure not even you know what that means, or what its like to look for help and become disappointed when noone is willing or able to give you the help you need. I dont want to fucking talk to anyone. I want my life fixed and no one can fix it but me and i dont even know how to fix it. Im jealous of people who  go through with suicide. It sounds pretty awesome. Its scary to you but its almost like one of the few if not only things i have control of. Fuck you for trying to make me feel ashamed for not being willing to put up with this bullshit state of consciousness anymore. I hope i at least have a nice dream before i go.