Nobody knowsAnd I can't tell anyone, because that would ruin everything. Some days I feel great, I love myself, I've literally never felt better. And in the back of my mind, I know it's the mania talking, but I just don't care. I'm loud and giggly and obnoxious and I've done stupid things like start huge projects and send nudes to strangers.

And when I crash, all this comes back to bite me in the ass. Everything I do is half finished. The conversations I initiated when I was manic just stop, because without the mania I cannot handle them. I get so self conscious and paranoid. I'm always tired and I can't do anything without wondering what everyone thinks of me, whether or not they're watching, etc.

But everyone is acquainted with the happy version of me, the friendly, confident, outgoing version. So I force myself to talk to people, to interact, and it's torture. The amount of anxiety I get everyday makes me loathe even waking up. Every time I end a conversation, the only thing I can think is, 'wow, i really should kill myself.'

And the logical solution would be to tell someone, right? Let people know? But nobody would take me seriously. I'm that kid, the one that's friends with everybody, the class clown, whatever. I don't have any close friends. I'm basically public domain, and the moment I say anything about wanting to off myself, they're turned away. It's over. They come to me for answers on tests and to laugh and gossip; they couldn't give two fucks about my personal life.

Can't tell my parents because they wouldn't take me seriously either. I start on varsity basketball, I play two instruments in the top band, and I make straight A's. I have a roof over my head and clothes on my back. They would see no logical reason for me to be suicidal. I hide everything from them. I self harm in such a way that it looks like a scrape or a welt I got in basketball. I've gotten good at being still and quiet instead of crying or hyperventilating during an anxiety attack.

I'm just exhausted. Reaching out could easily jeopardize the very little that I have, but if I kill myself, my family would've had no warning and I don't know if I can do that to them. I'm stuck.