I called the 911 on my best friend because​ she was suicidal. I don't know if she'll ever trust me again.


I have lived with my best friend for almost 6 years. We have a complicated relationship that is romantic at times and not at others. The one thing for sure is that we both care a lot about each other.

She has been battling depression essentially her whole life, mostly due to things that happened in childhood which she does not have much control over. Recently though, some difficult events have made enduring pain day to day a lot more unbearable.

The other day at work I was getting text messages from her that were really scary, talking about not being able to "do this anymore" and wanting "a way out of her pain" I don't think I've ever been more affriad for someone. I must have called 10 times in 1 minute and none of my calls were picked up. All I could think about was that I could not verify her safety - I was accross town and she would not answer my calls.

I panicked and did the first thing that I could think of to keep her safe, if I couldn't get to the apartment fast enough maybe emergency services could. I dialled 911, called a cab home, and cried until I got there.

I walked in the door to two police officers standing next to her. "We just had a chat" one of them said. "Your friend has agreed to go voluntarily to the hospital".

I was honest with the hospital staff, I told them that I was seriously worried about her. Because if that they would only after to let her leave if her father picked her up.

It's important to this story to understand that my friend has had traumatic experiences with police in the past, in situations where she didn't do anything wrong. I knew this and I feel very guilty for being so panniced that I didn't stop to think about how she would be feeling on the other end. Only that I needed her to be safe.

My friend feels betrayed. She says that if I really knew her I would have left her alone and knew that calling 911 would make everything worse. I feel like I should have known if a better way to help her and I feel incredibly guilty. She says she doesn't hate me, but that she will never trust me again.

Not wanting to go behind her back seemed so insignificant in the face of potentially​ loosing her. Now it feels like the worst thing I've ever done.