I wrote this in my journal and it scares me.Everyone thinks I'm happy and outgoing. I have a lot of friends. I have a boyfriend. I should be. I don’t think anyone knows me. I don’t think anyone knows what is really going on.

I have so many regrets about this life. I feel like I was given a pretty good life (despite having a shitty mom) and I did the worst things with it. I used it up. I let that happen when I was younger. I fucked up school and my career. I was a slut and a whore. I was shitty to my friends. I never did anything important.

A few months ago, I was sleeping in a bed. He was sleeping on the floor. After the wedding. I woke up when he was next to me and touching me, it took me a few minutes to realize what was going on. I tried to stop it but maybe not forcefully enough. I feel stupid because it’s so small but I’ve been so angry and sad since then. I can’t tell anyone and I will never tell anyone. I want to make it not happen. I feel bad for him. I feel bad for myself. I don’t feel like I know what really happened and I don’t really understand it. It feels like it happened to someone else.

Dad died over a month ago. Mom sucks like always. The rest of my family contacts me when they need something from me.

I’m going crazy. There is more and more shit that happens every week. People say I am strong. They don’t really know what I am. I’m staying up until I pass out every night because I don’t want to lie there trying to fall asleep. I'm scared all the time. I cry every day I’m going to work, at work, and on my way home. I go to sleep and don’t want to wake up. When I cross the street I wish a car would hit me. When I see a bridge, I want to jump off of it. My heart has been racing and I’m scared of dying but I want to get it over with at the same time. I’m just struggling through this life. I don’t have anything to live for.

Every day I want to set my whole world on fire. I miss being alone and not having any friends. I feel so lonely with a lot of people around. I wish I could be alone every day and not have to get out of bed and not have to live a life. I feel exhausted by life and I don’t see the point.

I thought that by staying alive things would get better but they have only gotten worse.