I need youI started the day confident and a little hungry. 

I'm always hungry nowadays because I force myself not to eat. I do not feel that I am worth that much effort. I use the word "feel" because I know I am just as worthy as anyone to be alive but I am still struggling. 

Today was different, I allowed my body food. I had family come over to my new residence to help me clean. I felt loved.   I am glad to have my family and friends. They have always been there for me. I sincerely wouldn't hope for a better family nor better friends. 

Furthermore, I have an amazing job. Everybody around me are people I deeply care about and I wouldn't want to hurt or bother. 

Nonetheless, today everything felt bland. Every day for the past years felt more of the same. I've always failed to see purpose in all of this. However, not living wouldn't give me any more purpose. 


More recently than before I find myself deeply interested in suicide. I'm looking for a way to kill and dispose of my body at the same time. I do not want to cause any trouble to anyone close to me. 

I have recently contacted a local hotline for suicide prevention. I know that some day I would have been satisfied to let them clean after me. I didn't do this to prevent me to reach the same ending. 

I have already, briefly, brought that subject with one of my close friends after being advised to. I did not feel any progress nor felt understood. 

I'm trying to move on after I have been pushed out of a 8 years relationship. The breakup happened a week ago. I know this is the reason why I am more vulnerable at the moment but I've always felt gray and lifeless. Having her in my life kind of gave me a purpose for the last 8 years. She was colorful with a lot of passion for things I couldn't have imagined somebody would care.

Today, just like every day of the past week, I feel that I am back 8 years ago but with responsibilities regarding everybody around me. I've missed my chance back then to vanish before causing trouble. 

Please give me a purpose, poke me directly, add me and just tell me what makes you want to live. How can I possibly move forward now? 

I need you. 