I hate my life...My goal was to become a mental health nurse because I have struggled with depression, anxiety, and borderline personality disorder since I was 15 and addiction since my early 20s. It was a long road, but a couple years ago, I finally felt like my conditions were under control and I was ready to do something with my life instead of just surviving day by day.

The problem is, I kinda hate nursing college.

I chose to go to the cheapest community college I could find to avoid taking on too much more debt, since I was already in financial trouble from losing my job in 2017 and defaulting on a loan because I couldn't find another job (going back to school was supposed to address that problem). The problem with attending the cheapest college I could find is that they are incredibly stingy with medical supplies. I have no confidence in my ability to actually perform any of the skills I've "learnt" because most of the time, we are just pretending. So on days like today, where I was tested on my ability to perform a skill that I have actually done maybe once before with all the materials necessary to do it, I bomb. Especially since there's a time limit and just so many ways I could automatically fail.

Today was a particularly frustrating day because I performed the skill fairly well in lab last week. My instructor even complimented my technique then. But the whole thing went so incredibly poorly today that it was fucking embarrassing. Also, I distinctly remember doing one of the critical steps that my instructor said I forgot, which doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of things, but it still kinda pisses me off, especially since this isn't the first time that has happened.

I also find the course content to be kind of silly. Like, we had a full lecture and lab on bed-making. Now making a bed the "right" way is a surprisingly important skill for a lot of reasons, but do we really need to learn how nurses made beds decades ago, before fitted sheets were a thing? It seems like something that could have been scrapped, but persists because it is a miserable experience that nursing educators had in nursing college and they continue to force it on their students. Speaking of things that should be scrapped, the nursing diagnosis (which itself is kind of a silly concept) of "imbalanced energy field", based on the work of nursing theorist Martha Rogers, who believed everything had an energy field. Nurses are supposed to be scientists and this is the quackery they teach? No wonder doctors trust us to do so little on our own, which is doubly frustrating because of the sheer amount of knowledge we're expected to have, but we can rarely do anything with it beyond following doctors' orders.

I hate it and I don't want to do it anymore, but I'm not sure what other option I have. I still won't be able to get a job if I drop out. And I'll have even more debt because of student loans. At least the debt I had before going back to school could have been discharged through bankruptcy. I feel trapped and it's making me want to hurt myself.

Thanks for reading.