I need help to save herBackground: Girlfriend and I are 16. Both face depression (view ourselves as burdens, etc.). She has schizophrenia as well (not diagnosed but only explanation I can think of after many tests with no results.)

Ok. So, my girlfriend has been battling with depression and schizophrenia for a number of years. I try to help her as best I can but she is in a state that I cannot simply cure her of. I try to understand the things she sees and to help her when she breaks down from the visions that terrify her. The dead men and women and children that kill themselves in front of her or threaten to attack and kill her. She is scared and lost and no matter how hard I try, I feel like I can't reach her. She is cutting herself off from the world to try and make things seem alright. She puts on a fake smile, and tries to make everyone think that there's nothing to worry about. 

Very few people know about her hallucinations and the people inside her head. The only ones who do are myself, a close friend of hers, and her mother. The friend and I are on near equal ground in effectiveness. The mother is drunk often enough that her mere presence is more of a hindrance than a possible source of help.

Lately, she, my girlfriend that is, has become more and more desensitized. She has been cutting and burning herself and has attempted suicide multiple times during her episodes and outside of them. She describes herself as numb and say she doesn't see the point to continuing existence since she doesn't even think she's real. She thinks she's already dead. But that hasn't stopped her from trying to kill herself. And it's becoming more frequent. Today, she almost killed herself again. She keeps losing control and it's not something I can handle by myself.

Her parents can't help. The school therapist is already aware but believes things are improving. One of the people inside her head keeps her from telling him otherwise. She's terrified of ending up in a ward and I would hate to make her end up in a place like that. I'm scared of hurting her and making her live on for my selfishness but I don't want to lose her. I can't just have her disappear. There are too many people, myself included, that care about her. And if she's dead, then we can't prove that to her. I don't know if anyone is reading this or what I'm really expecting. More than anything I just need advice. I need someone's unbiased opinion to give me guidance, because I can't do this on my own. So someone. Please help me.




***TL;DR: My schizophrenic and depressed girlfriend keeps trying to kill herself and I don't think she'll last much longer. I need advice on how to help her.***