My first attempt will be very soon.For a solid year I have told myself things will get better, and they continuously get worse. I pushed every single friend I have away due to depression and now I have no one left. I broke up with my boyfriend of 3 years months ago and it was the biggest mistake of my life and he won't even speak to me. I wasn't in a good state of mind when I did it and I thought I was doing what was best for him because of how fucked up i am. The only person I was close to was my mother and she left. She had to go to rehab. She's been gone for months. I go days without talking to anyone. In fact, I don't think anyone would notice my absence for days if not longer. I have a shitty job that I hate. I can't drive because I have no one to teach me. I live with my brother and father and it's terrible. My relationship with my dad isn't too good. My brother literally never speaks to me and avoids me. The only thing that makes me happy is my cat. I've struggled with depression my entire life and I'm tired of fighting when it never pays off. Mental illness runs deep in my family. My mom is severely bipolar and I think I am too. I told my therapist my symptoms and she just gave me a weird look and didn't even acknowledge what I said. I've tried to get help. I'm a burden on everyone. I try not to even talk to anyone because I'm so depressing I just stress them out. The only reason I haven't ever attempted was because of my mom and how heartbroken she would be...  but I learned something. She tried to kill herself multiple times while I was growing up and I didn't know. She didn't care what that would have done to me. Why should I care then? I feel like now is the perfect time since she is away. I don't even care about the physical pain anymore. I want to do it. I think my whole life has been leading up to this. I actually feel very at ease and peaceful right now because I feel like it's all gonna be over relatively soon and I don't need to worry anymore. It feels right.