I dont know where to go, who to talk to, my mind feeds me horrible thoughts and I am worryingly thinking of "restarting life" more usually than normal....I dont even know where to start... I mean Ive always analyzed myself or tried to analyze myself as best as I could but something clicked and I cant even breathe... I should be awake in 2 houra to go to college but here I am crying, and the only thought that comes to my mind is "I'm fucked, I'm fucked, There's no way I will get out of this alive".

Some backstory I guess... I... I have two projects due tomorrow... Both very unfinished... And both were a group effort... Or rather failure... Every fiscal day subtracts one point... In fact, one of them was due last friday... I... I always arrive late from college and I always leave early and I end up with little time to work and little time to relax... And i have five tests this week and.... I... I cant... I cant do this, Im about to break, and I know myself well enough that there will not be a hiatus between how I am nowz grasping any spare sanity and any spare will to live, and my complete irreversible breakdown. I have no one to talk to, counseling is fridays and last fridag there was none... Mother expects too much of me, father expects his money on college to be worth the investment..,. My friends im this stupid third world country are all cynical and emotionless, and anything less than "kay" is met with "damn dude youll do better cheers" like thats the best and unanimous response to anything bad..... The only online friends I have have been either away too much recently or... Just... Not been very helpful despite caring more than my family or my friends about my fucking well being...

I cant even ... I shouldnt haave posted here im not in danger of killing myself right now Im just being a whiny iece of shit giving excuses for my failures and I dont know what else to do and where else to go and I also just lsot MY FCUKING WALLET somewhere on the street and Im just breaking down and I shouldnt send this because this makes me sound retarded and stupid im sorry oh god i lost my wallet where the fuck is my wallet I SHOULD BE SLEEPING I GOTTA WAKE UP IN AN HOUR