I have nothing to live forHello guys, I hope you feel the ramblings if a man whose had enough of life.

Where do I begin. Why am I posting this in an account I use to troll people? Wont everyone want me to kill myself? The truth is, nobody really cares about me anymore. I'll talk to people on discord and stuff, but it's not real friendship, you know? Kist stuff I do to pass the time. God, where do I even begin? Ok, January 23rd 1992. I think. Kansas, usa. I cant even remember where I'm from at this point. Probably my brain trying to suppress the years of abuse. I was born in a family of religious freaks. Like, absolutely crazy. Went on about how god hates gays. I mean, I'm straight, but when I was in boy scouts, I would occasionally have sex with the other boys. Nothing serious though, probably just puberty in all seriousness. Anyway, my dad used to beat me. Hard. I was home schooled and had no friends. I was only allowed to go to church and scouts, that's it. I got jobs when I was a teenager, and luckily I was able to save up and move to Kansas city on my 18th birthday. I never spoke to my father again, didn't even go to his funeral. In fact, I got really high once and went back home to piss all over that sick fuckers grave. Call me a dickhead, but that man is the main reason I'm in my car with a fuckdamn gun to my head. Anyway, in Kansas I had a roommate in my shitty apartment. His name was itsaki or some Japanese name. He introduced me to a therapist. My father always used god to address my mental health issues, rather than a professional. I went to her and they referred me to a psych ward for consistently using self harm as a coping strategy. Was diagnosed with bipolar, PTSD and maladaptive daydreaming. I was stuck in my fantasies for half the day, as a coping strategy for years of psychological and physical torture. After my shitty experience in the ward, and the huge fucking bill, I decided McDonalds wasn't going to cut it. I started mugging people and also getting into hard drugs. The vulnerable, mostly. It was shit, and I deserve to die for me, but it paid the rent. It was there I met the live of my life, stephanie. My life began to change, and I started getting happier. We married and were together for years, and my mental health issues started to go. However, one night I took some meth my dealer Eduardo dumped on me. She caught me, and was so upset she filed for divorce. This was two years ago, and it absolutely destroyed me. I started going hard again, everything coming back to me but worse, losing all the friends I had and only having my shitty computer, samsung phone(which I'm making this on) and a couple grams of drugs. I was running out of money. This is when I turned to trolling. I have a few other accounts as well, but I'm posting in this one. However, this couldn't take away from everything this shitty life handed to me. So, I'm crying, in my car with a gun to my head. I'm going to shoot myself and nobody is going to stop me. I've been dealt a bad hand and can't live through this any longer. If there is a god, and I am going to help, I hope to see my father burn. Fuck you dad.

Thanks for listening, nobody else would care apart from strangers on the internet.

Love, 

H