What procedures are used for social reintegration? What do hotlines do? What helped you or how were you able to help?I read a great chapter in a book by Andrew Solomon. The chapter was called Naked, Covered in Ram's Blood, Drinking a Coke, and Feeling Pretty Good. The author is visiting countries and tries a tribal anti-depression ritual. He gathers the required materials (millet, cockerels, and a ram), then the entire village puts on this day-long ritual for him. It was like the village was exorcising a possessing spirit.

The end of this chapter contrasts this full-participation outdoor ritual with the modern practice of sitting indoors and talking with some person about your life problems. When a modern psychotherapist visits the tribe, they kept disagreeing on his practices and had to ask him to leave.

I'm curious about what kinds of reintegration procedures are used now. Has anyone tried calling a hotline? I've never been that bad off and I'm kind of curious if there are any useful recommendations or techniques.

Volunteering seems very useful. How does that work? I feel like there aren't enough volunteering systems in the world and maybe I could start my own instead of wondering why I don't or won't do anything.

What kinds of places are conducive to constructive social interaction? I'd guess work, church, library, but surprisingly I don't use any of this (and my own stupidity is really annoying me. I can't "just do it", there has to be a clear benefit or I just don't care. and I'm conveniently "not religious" in a world where religion seems to be very good for your social-mental health). If I was an omnipotent god or some rich person, what could I do to create more human-loving living spaces? Like, there are slums and highway through-streets and people actually live in these. I think there's a lot of good in improving the world here, but what can I do but think?

So that's my stupid life thoughts this decade. I think it's more likely that I'll redesign the world than stop being a stupid idiot, so why not go all the way on that. Is there anything really cool I'm missing? What helped you or how were you able to help?