It's been some time since I posted here. Well, I'm back.I can really feel the pull tonight, so hopefully typing will feel therapeutic in a way.

I was on SW quite a lot during December and Jan, and have tried my very best to improve life; I moved far away, became more social, productive, and started therapy. Well, months down the track, I find I can still so easily sling back to feeling suicidal.

Speaking of "down the track," I was at a train station the other night. The underground gave a view down a long, dark tunnel (you can guess my thoughts). There were little white flashes on the walls. I don't know why they were there; trains run on rails and shouldn't need guide lights. I figured walking down there and hugging a rail in the blackness would only give me a very public arrest (and blinking/flashing headaches), and I wouldn't do that to poor Mr. Train Conductor. If I sink down a river, I still exist in the minds of others. If I find some quiet, isolated, magically painless way to die, I'm still in the world's past and future. I feel there's no way around this. I want to be done with myself and disappear from history, too.

Despite being loved by family, I have a loneliness that grips me nightly. I feel completely swamped by the morning. It's just depression and GAD, but Jesus hell it can be so debilitating.

I've only been able to share such recent fatalism with a few people. One close (but new) friend verbally crucified me, and has disappeared forever and severed all ties online and in-person. Obviously there's more to it than that, but I can't stress how truly innocent I believe I was, and how hurt I am by the loss of this person. I've come to accept it's irretrievable, but I still get fucking palpatations upon the thought. The other friend is lovely, but has gone away for a little while, so is understandably MIA for a bit. My therapist seems to be good, but I'm sure you can understand how difficult things can get in the interim.

So right now I'm sorta on my own, and just typing here to soften some pain. I just scanned my eyes over to the TV. "Boxer Throws Verbal Jabs." Ugh.

I lifted my head to the stars tonight and thought of those blinking tunnel lights. It all looks the same to be; I can't find beauty in many things right now. I'm trying. I went to read and meditate in the park this arvo, and still felt pretty blank and empty afterward. No soul-feeding going on here. Nothing. And it's really frustrating that I can't easily die without a trace. If I HAVE to live, I'm not sure how I would get through day-to-day pain without masking it with drugs. I don't want to depend on meds.

I wish I had some evocative image with which to end my letter. I'm sad and tired. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.