My life is objectively great, but...suicide just seems like such an appealing option. There's a laundry list of reasons why I'm drawn to it - I feel broken, bored, alone, etc - and the list is constantly morphing. After perusing this subreddit for only a day, I feel like y'all would understand. I could expound on the why, but that would require an entire essay. And this is my first post (be gentle, etc), so I'll try to keep it short. 

I'll give some context. I hate admitting this, but my fickle depression stems, in part, from the women I've loved in my life, and losing them almost entirely due to my own nature. It is exacerbated when my mind wanders to them, either randomly or via reminders e.g. Snapchat stories on Labor Day Weekend (LDW). I can elaborate if anyone cares, but I'm not really looking for anyone to care, just for a space in which I can babble about my current feelings. Because fleshing my thoughts out has always been therapeutic for me to some extent, and reading this subreddit has made me realize that perhaps it can be therapeutic for some of you, in a solidarity sort of way.

And honestly, that vague sense of solidarity has been getting me through tonight. I'm a medical student currently on 24 hour surgery call (by virtue of being in medical school alone, I realize I am incredibly fortunate - a piece of the whole "my life is objectively great"). I feel absolutely amazing when I get involved in patient care - it's almost like a drug. But just like most drugs, withdrawal is a bitch. Every weeknight I go back home &amp; curl up in bed alone, finding solace in mentally orchestrating my own death until I fall asleep. 

So right now I'm in a weird place. It's a slow LDW Saturday at the hospital and I'm not really needed anywhere. I haven't done anything for a couple hours now, and my mind is starting to wander into the usual dark places - but this time, it's happening in my one safe haven. The idea of getting through medical school so I can devote my life to patient care is one of the few reasons I persist. If I lose this, if this sanctuary gets tainted by my misaligned &amp; maladaptive thoughts, then what am I left with?