trans dude without hop, one thing after another (csa, dysphoria, abuse, stalled transition)I've known I was trans concretely since 2011/2012. Growing up in a hyper-conservative, cult like family and church, any attempt to explore my understanding of myself was shot down. "You're a girl, you're a child of god, stop the questions." 

They made their stance on homosexuality and transgender people very, ***painfully***, clear. Didn't matter when someone twice my age groomed and abused me it was my fault. Didn't matter when my brother followed us around and tried to assault me and my older sister, it was our fault and even if he was to blame well he should know better. Slap on wrist, back to "normal" within the week. 

I got out in 2010. I was admittedly an idiot and got married to the first person who'd take me out of state. I spent five years with that asshole. Gaslighting was the least of the issues there... he systematically rid me of any support structure I could make that wasn't him, and made damn sure I stayed dependent. Not sure if it was because he was codependent, or if he even realized... but it was bad. 

Finally made it out of that hellhole; admittedly of my own making; and now I'm finally in a decent place again. Only thing is, even though I technically have the space and encouragement to be who I am and pursue my transition... I can't. It's just one thing after another keeping me from any sort of progress. We thought I'd be able to pay for one thing; maybe top surgery; but then the hurricanes hit and the car had to be replaced and there goes the savings. We thought the year after well, maybe...? But then it was the roof and student debt because my partner needed a new job in a new field to get anywhere and I supported him the whole five months it took to get the certification. Glad to do it! Glad to see him doing something that makes him happy and improves his quality of life, and mine.

We get past it, and a new job, and finally there's really good health insurance, so let's try and schedule something. Hysterectomy? my cycle caused me the worst of the dysphoria, so we might as well right? Cuz that will stop the cycles and maybe give me a break while we work towards the next one...

My first visit, my slides came back "Weirdly abnormal." That's what the tech said to me on the phone. WEIRDLY. Abnormal. so I go back, right? They do micro surgery and see what's what.... and I got diagnosed last year with pre-cervical and uterine cancer and had four surgeries in six months to get rid of it all. If 11 is visible tumors, I was at a 9, 9.5 according to my doctors. 

And after surgery *it was worse.*.. told me I was lucky I went in when I did, because it spread and it spread FAST. She told me I was lucky, because I was covered in cells from the front back, and it would have eventually reached the ovaries and beyond. I was that close to death, would have had cancerous tumors within the year... and I just barely didn't. I felt lucky, shaken to fuck, but LUCKY.

So I spent six, seven months in recovery. Learning how to move again, with nasty scars across my stomach and a destroyed abdominal wall. I used to be active, looked decent at around 140, 5'4". After my last surgery I ballooned to 175. I was over the line and I've never felt worse in my damned life. I'm finally, barely, back to 140 and my body looks so much different. I'm a damned PEAR now and my hormones are SCREWED, and we thought ok, maybe... maybe once we get some of the debt paid off we can look into the next one and just try to get it over with yeah? No. 

I'm barely back on my bike for six weeks and I lay it down because some asshole buck jumps a fence right in front of me and all I see are hooves and antlers and I panicked. Road rash all down one leg, a fucked up hand and bruises all over my damn legs. I can't walk, I can hardly see because it's 11p, and I'm in fucking shock, trying to get my phone out to call my partner to come get me. SOME how I survive and don't get an infection. SOME how, I'm just a scarred mess on that leg now... 

start pulling myself back together and what happens? No one will take job applications in this state from a transman because we're not actually protected here, and I'm incapable of mental stability if I have to misgender myself for work again. We've figured out that since my birth certificate is out of state my current one won't let me change my gender marker and I can't change my name without it... there's another question of whether I should go live with family; definitely not ideal; and try to take care of it that way but.... it takes just as long and might take a year or more. So I'm stuck again.

I figure out a few options worth pursuing jobwise, and could maybe manage if I'm careful about it, and then my fucking cat falls out of his *stupid fucking cat tree* and BREAKS HIS FEMUR and now we're another 4k in debt. Had to open a new line of credit, call in favors, anything to save this stupid animal because he's one of the good things in my life and it's not his fault, the little fuck. I wish to GODS I was making this up because at least it could maybe be played for tragi-comedy but I swear I feel like I've been cursed or something.

&amp;#x200B;

So now we're staring down yet a new mountain, I'm drowning in nearly a decade's worth of dysphoria with no way out, my cat is about to get the staples removed and see if he's infected at all, his sister is pissed because her playmate is recovering in a closed room she can't access, my partner is trying to juggle too much that I can't help with at all given my emotional state and how hard I'm struggling just to keep the house running while he plays breadwinner, and... I'm snapping. 

It's too much, it's been too long, and I know my genetics go to shit as soon as people in my family hit thirty. I have three years, tops, before I'll likely be rendered ineligible for top surgery, we have no idea what HRT would do to me, and it doesn't matter because we can't go further into debt over this. There's no way out, and there's no way up from here. 

Kinda want to drown... just let it pile up on me until I'm crushed under the weight of it. but my cat wouldn't understand and I can't do that to him.