I don't really want anything. There is very little that I want. I have a fairly active social life (by my introverted standards), I do well in school, my parents care about me and will financially support me throughout college, etc.; by many standards I have a great life.

However, since high school I've had this pervasive sense of apathy that, at times, mutates into this sense of sheer dread. Usually, this is brought on by thinking about any long-term plans. I just don't want anything for myself.

There is an exception, though. I'm dating a wonderful girl, and have been for over two years. She came into my life at a very low point, and stood by me as I grappled with depression induced by a hopeless situation. My sister suffers from paranoid schizophrenia, and was diagnosed while I was approximately 7. She changed from someone I could play games with to a passive-aggressive, untrustworthy frightening person.

Over the next decade, a ton of events built up that made me a very paranoid person. The most vivid and damaging for me, but it sounds really petty and childish now. When I was I guess 10 or so, the game Animal Crossing had just come out and I'd gotten it for my birthday. The Gamecube was in my room, and I would come home from school at 4 every day and play it. But my sister would get home from school at 3, and would go into my room (privacy was always an issue for us) and do absolutely every activity available in the game for that day, leaving nothing for me. I talked to her about it, but she refused to even only do half the things. My parents wouldn't enforce anything. I started hiding the disc, but she would tear my room apart until she found it, and then played it and again prevented me from doing anything in the game.

Over time, many small actions, and a few big ones, I became incapable of trusting or bonding with people in any meaningful way. I constantly fear I myself am developing the disorder. I've self-diagnosed myself with schizoid personality disorder (I know how unreliable those are, though), which has a fairly high chance of progressing into full-blown schizophrenia, especially in siblings of afflicted individuals.

This is very rambly. I'm honestly disgusted with my writing tonight, I'm sorry to whomever is choosing to sift through it. But I appreciate it. I think this is a really great subreddit. I think you are the best people on this site.

Anyway, I have a hard time trusting people. Going back home to my family for holidays is one of the most stressful things in my life. I at times feel like I hate my sister for depriving me of my childhood. I feared her. I had to restrain my behaviors, I didn't want to draw attention so that she wouldn't interact with me and say something judgmental or do something to hurt me somehow. I'm still dealing with these repercussions today. I fear having attention on me from someone I perceive as judgmental. Speaking in class, for example, causes me to turn a bright shade of red, to the point where I don't bother.

Anyway, my girlfriend saved me during my senior year of high school, when I was so depressed I developed a plan to kill myself. I had done enough research to know just how unfeasible and downright stupid a lot of methods are. So to have any chance of actually succeeding and not just leaving myself comatose and a burden on my family or something, I had to wait until I was 18 to purchase the materials. I will not go into detail here, I don't want anyone reading this to get ideas. there's apparently some asshole here doing that enough as it is.

She got me through that, and things were good, for me. I felt happy sometimes. I hadn't felt happy in years. It's nice. But a year later, in freshman year of college, we broke up. We're a long-distance relationship by this point, about two hours apart. Over a period of mere days I crashed back down. I wanted to die again. I've never really wanted to live, mind you, but that's different. So I resolved to do it over the summer. 

But we got back together. We got over the problems that caused us to break up. However, we've been having more problems now, caused entirely by her jealousy over someone who she's never met and just assumes based on like 3 facebook events is trying to steal me away from her, despite her having her own boyfriend of even longer than I've been with my girlfriend. My girlfriend gets angry whenever she does anything on my facebook (which is very rare now) or I mention being somewhere with her or any other time her name comes up. She utterly refuses to acknowledge any points I make to show how the girl isn't interested in destroying us. Like, I told her that she told me she wasn't interested in dating anyone else if her relationship doesn't work. My girlfriend responded "how noble of her to say that." I said "so no one can say that and mean it? you've said that to me" and she said "And I want to be with you. Do you see my point?" But that doesn't make sense. I responded "You said that about me. And you want to be with me. She said that about her boyfriend. Thus, logically, that means she wants to be with her boyfriend, not me." But my girlfriend just said "I can't talk about this any more tonight." She ALWAYS says that whenever I say anything that she can't argue against. It's wearing me down. I don't know how much longer we're going to make it. She also threw back in my face the reason we broke up freshman year, which was about my jealousy over a guy who was ACTUALLY interested in her.

I have severe codependence issues with her, I think. Since she basically saved me, my only goal in life was to be with her and support her for the rest of my life. I wanted to get a job and raise a family with her and whatnot, which is my sole source of motivation. When she and I fight, everything just stops. I have enough willpower to last me about a week, and usually by then she'll have dropped the argument and made me think we've gotten over it when we really haven't, in her eyes.

I think we're going to break up soon, and I have very mixed feelings about that. I want to be with her. I want to leave her for her seemingly manipulative nature. Sometimes the past few months when I'm driving home I want to just turn the wheel toward a tree or off a bridge. 

Nothing really makes me happy. I tried antidepressants. The side-effects nearly killed me. I hate myself for the way I treat my sister. One time she went off her meds she was knocking at my door trying to tell me she loved me. 

I thought it was a trap.

She ran away that day. A few days later cops found her and she had split her head open somehow. She was put into a mental hospital again. She's fine now. But I hate myself for the way I treated her. And still do. I don't trust her. I can't stand to be around her. She acts like she wants to make amends, but she's either incapable of recognizing how she makes people feel (a legitimate symptom of her disorder) or she's trying to manipulate me (a legitimate and historically correct answer). I'm a paranoid sort of person, so I assume it's the latter and stay guarded. I hate that.

I just dont' look forward to anything anymore. I have no desire to do anything, and wouldn't really mind if everything just stopped. I'm not likely to just go and kill myself tomorrow or anything. But I wouldn't mind if I were to have an accident somehow.

thanks for reading. I love you, anonymous stranger.