Pretty consistent desire for suicide; unknown/unclear reason (x-post:/r/depression)tl;dr: does anyone else want to kill themselves without being sure of why? If you feel this way, please respond and describe. I have searched extensively for an answer or people who feel similarly and have found little to nothing.

Post:

Hello, I am not sure that this is quite the right place to ask considering I am not entirely sure what I've got is even depression. I mean, I have anti-depressants for virtually my entire conscious life but I am losing faith that I even have it.

I feel compelled to kill myself every day and I am not entirely sure why. I have come to think recently that it is OCD related, however it has not stopped after months of luvox in addition to my other antidepressants. For context I am in a university right now.

It is very hard for me to say that I am sad because I am not sure what being sad exactly means clinically? I think that I can be pretty sad about worldly things, but I have a hard time relating to most of the posts here about feeling isolation. I do feel very isolated but I am capable of social interaction and have friends. I have also convinced myself, in my absolute desperation, to become rather courageous in social situations, especially in terms of engaging in them and starting them (more than the content of the interactions themselves). I still feel unfulfilled and do not understand the point of many of these interactions. With a few friends that I consistently see and whose company I enjoy, I do not feel this removal and boredom during conversation (usually, it still happens, but if I withdraw until later I am temporarily cured). This isolation I feel is due to the vapidity of many of my conversations, not in terms of content, I find most "intellectual" discussion pretentious or pointless. I think that this superficiality primarily comes from the transience of normal conversation. It just doesn't mean anything. I am not entirely sure how to explain really. I kind of feel a sort of persona constantly in the back of my head during any conversation I have. I almost see myself from the third person or how I imagine the other person's viewpoint. As a result of this disconnect I guess I act strangely during conversation, and perhaps other times where I am simply observed and people remark on my behavior later. People ask me if I am using drugs sometimes when I am perfectly sober. Ironically, on drugs and alcohol I have paranoia which leads me to try and act normally and remain quiet; although I suppose that if I am in an extreme state of intoxication it is still noticeable, much to my chagrin.

Back to more relevant shit:

Most of my desire to kill myself happens in a state of sort of mania? This can be brought on by completely random thoughts or concepts I feel overstimulated by, such as a historical event or piece of everyday routine. It could also be triggered by social interaction and the lack of connection I feel during it. My suicidal ideation could manifest as a mechanical reaction to being challenged with a task I don't want to do or just a feeling of tiredness. Or it could be a reaction the ennui of everyday life. Sometimes I am unable to cope with the absurdity of existence but am unable to adapt and find my own meaning. I just do feel a lot of pointlessness. I know that I am listing reasons and before I said that I do not know the reason but I do not feel that these reasons are the primary driving force behind my ideation most of the time and some of the time I am not bothered by some of these things. I just feel like killing myself almost all the time and even though I have attempted to sort of explain it here I do not really feel that I am conveying accurately. I don't have a real reason to desire this. I have led a privileged life and my life is probably going well "by the books" so I feel kind of bad that I want to die. On the other hand I don't care as I do try to limit the amount of people I convey this burden to; although I am getting worse and telling more people of my condition as it is becoming increasingly obvious and I grow more and more fatigued by the day.

Anyway, I have more to say but I think I might just be wasting time of myself and others with this, and for that I apologize. If you for some reason did read this post, please leave a comment, even if you cannot relate I am curious what you think. I am sorry this is so poorly and floweryly written; I am not a great writer or thinker and this is incoherent but I really should just post this.

If you read this, thank you very much!