24 F Feeling suicidal agoraphobia, anxiety, depression, ptsd.Today I'm feeling very lethargic and sleepy. It's that feeling when you've had a good night's sleep but you wake up completely exhausted. I woke up depressed. Lately I've been more depressed and having small panic attacks.

I live in a good environment now. For the most part at least. I live with one of my best friends and his mother.  My best friend and his mother are very good people. They took in a troubled teen and he lives with us. 

There have been a few things that have caused me a lot of stress lately.

1. The teen just turned 18 he's been living here because his parents couldn't handle him. He causes a lot of strife in the home. He does drugs and irritates me to no end. He has no concern for anyone but himself. He skips school and brings drugs into the home. He is rude and belligerent. The only salvageable quality about him is that he is a piano prodigy. He doesn't clean up after himself, he doesn't respect people's feelings or boundaries and he is very manipulative.

Recently, there was an argument. Ever since I moved here he has felt like I have taken away his friend... my best friend. He feels like he can't talk to the other two people in the house if I'm around. He likes to blame me for not being able to spend time with our mutual friend but I give them time whenever they need it. Most of the time what happens is he will make plans with our mutual friend and then bail on his plans. My friend and his mother try to explain to him he has to make plans and stick with them. That he bails on plans he makes and that we as adults have to make plans. 

2. My best friend and I share a room. He is male, I am female. Before moving here I thought maybe he and I could date but when I got down here I decided against it. He is a good guy, he treats me well and respects me for the most part. He is upset that I will not give him a "real chance". I have been wishy washy and flip flopping between the idea of giving him a chance and the idea of not giving him a chance. I don't feel like he respects my feelings when it comes to this and it is clear to see that it bothers him often. It stresses me out to know that he is hurting because of my choice. Which in turn makes me feel guilty. He does some things that make me feel uncomfortable, like he talks about sexual things or makes comments about how I'm not really giving him a chance. We had a conversation a while back about me wanting to date other people and I did start seeing someone who turned out to be bad for me, so I ended the relationship. I also ended the relationship because my best friends mother and I talk about mine and my best friends relationship and she made me feel guilty for not giving him a chance. She didn't mean to but she made it sound appealing. She listed off the good things he does for me and shes right... but I feel guilty and I'm never sure of how I really feel when it comes to him.

3. This house we live in is messy. I'm used to very clean living environments. I have lived in worse situations but I prefer the house to be clean. No matter how much I clean, it always goes back to being dirty and messy. So that's another source of stress.

4. I have few friends. I love that I live with one of my best friends but sometimes I resent him and I just want my personal space. Sharing a room with him can be very irritating and upsetting at times, especially when I feel like being alone and I can't be. I want more friends in my life. I had made a few here but the friendships have fallen apart due to my friends acting like assholes. They have written me off even though I have done nothing wrong to them. Lies and rumors have been spread about me and it has hurt me a great deal. Making new friends is hard for me because of my anxiety issues.

In my past I have been through lots of sexual assaults, violence and psychological trauma. I have flashbacks. I rarely want to leave the house but at the same time I want to. I'm a hermit but I don't want to be a hermit or agoraphobic. I don't have a job because I can't handle the stress. 

I think of suicide often. My emotions are unpredictable. I try to do my best to keep myself occupied and I've been going for walks more. The people I live with say I have made tremendous improvements but I feel that while I have made some improvements, my feeling of depression and anxiety are always in a constant state of flux and about the same as the past years that I've been dealing with it.

I feel like I am never going to get better and that's all I want to do. Simple things become so complicated and overwhelming for me. I don't feel like therapy helps. I don't feel like my medications help. I don't feel like distracting myself helps. I miss who I was before the anxiety and depression and I don't think I can ever be close to being like that ever again. I want my independence and I want to be better. I want it now and its such an exhausting process to take things day by day. I get bored angry lonely and sad just sitting in the house preoccupying myself all day. I feel stuck. I feel incapable of changing.

I've been wanting to end my life for all these reasons and more.

I wish I could sleep my life away. My dreams are better than my life. At least I move around and go places and talk to people in my dreams.



 