Long read; I’ve spent the majority of my life as a shell of a person.My brain does a really good job of convincing me I’m a bad person no matter what action I take and regardless of intention to the point where I’m convinced inaction is the only proper decision and then my brain immediately calls me out for being too weak to make a decision and reminds me that inaction is an action of itself and is just as bad, if not worse, than doing something. 


Anyways if anyone needs me for anything I’ll be heavily dissociating because quite frankly I do not like these traits about myself and I’m rather quite exhausted by the fact that I can’t make a move forward in my life without sinking heavily into despair, depression and anxiety. I should be extremely excited about changes and all I can think is that I’m a bad person for moving on with my life and living for myself. I truly feel that if I do not make others happy then I have no point to my life. Rather that I should constantly be of service to others, constantly a support, constantly making decisions in my life on the behalf of the people around me. If I am not doing what is the most responsible thing all the time it is an absolute tremendous fault and I must overcompensate in every way possible. Decisions that were made for me must be continued to follow despite my so claimed autonomy. 

I do not have autonomy over my mind; therefore I do not have autonomy over my actions. This has been something I have struggled with since childhood- therapy, counseling, medication (both prescribed and otherwise) have not helped. Planning my future does not help. Again, big decisions about moving forward throw me into this awful pit. Thinking on decisions I have made throw me into this awful pit. Surely this cannot be all there is to life? Excitement leading up to the moment and then despair for months on end, wondering if I’m making/have made the right choice and that anxiety weighing with me for the rest of my life?

I am sorry to those who I have disappointed. I am even more sorry to those who are proud of me, as I fear I feel I have given you all false reason to be proud. I cannot say without doubting myself that I am proud of any of my choices or actions. I can’t truly take pride in any achievement; Most have been spurred by dramatic escapism, veiled behind some sort of reasoning so that should things blow up in my face, I can cower back to safety without fearing repercussions and disappointment from those around me. Other “achievements” come simply as the safest option (for example, my university and degree choice)

I have no true ambitions and I cannot look forward to the path I’ve so far laid out without strongly doubting myself and my actions. 

This is not a cry for help. that pit of despair and anxiety will always scare me back into inaction, back into the web of safety where I can continue to say “I’m fine, I’ll be right” so as to not upset or burden anyone; so as to continue living on the way I have been living without having to seriously evaluate or delve too deep into fixing what I have convinced myself is broken beyond repair. And that prior sentiment isn’t entirely incorrect; I am fine, as fine as I know fine to be long-term. and I will be right. But I always come back here. 

I want nothing more than to be reborn.