(21 U.S male) I really need to leave. Too much trauma. I only have bad thoughts.To begin, I have C-PTSD. I was severely physically and emotionally abused as a child, as well as neglected, and bullied in school, assaulted and neglected/bullied by teachers. I watched my mom pass away of an OD when I was 16. I spent 4 years in a horribly abusive relationship that was physical and emotional up until the end where my lack of libido caused occasional sexual abuse. I have been out of that relationship for a year and, to put it lightly - I'm fucked up. I have so much damage and I'm very mentally unstable. Depressed, vulnerable, anxious, everything. 

So a month before I turned 21, I was at a "friend's" apartment with a "friend" drinking. I was sitting on a couch when I heard yelling. I turned and it was the girl taking off her shirt and exposing her breasts to me. She then ran and jumped and laid on me, still topless. I could feel her breasts against me. People laughed.

I spoke up about it and was ostracized by that group of people and my "friend" harassed me and told me I was crazy and that I wasn't assaulted. She called me "delusional", "fucked in the head" and a "drama queen". She told many people, including my friends who she didn't know and my ex-girlfriend "her side" of the story, changing details - for example, she told my ex that the girl was "in a sports bra".

I'm a complete wreck right now. It hurts that I got out of an abusive relationship with a woman just to be abused by another woman. It hurts that someone I trusted would do that to me. It hurts that speaking up got me harassed and cost me friends. It hurts that I thought the abuse was over and I'd be okay into adulthood, but it happened again.

I just can't tell if I'm being gaslit or not... I feel crazy. This was the tipping point in my sanity and I just had a complete mental breakdown over the summer. That night was the first night I blacked out on alcohol, and I did it 8 times between then and August.

I feel like shit and nobody cares. I want to kill myself.