It's not so much I want to die, I just want the world to end [r/depression just doenst get much traffic]I mean, I think about ending my life a lot.  I wonder how painful a bullet through the heart would be, if I mixed chemicals in my car how much pain I'd be in before the toxicity eats away at my inside.  I want to sky dive or bungie jump just to get the rush of falling to my death.  Just to see how I feel if I did jump.  However, at the end of the day I'd never be able to end my life, I know this, I'm a coward.

Rather than end my life I wan't everything to come crashing down on us.  I'm so tired of the routine of life, working, getting up, spending 40+ hours a week working, driving to and from work and trying to decompress from work.  We have so little time for ourselves so fuck it, let it all come down.  Bring on some type of meteor, a global conflict, plague, whatever just end the human race. We have no great purpose, no god above to watch for us, we're born, become self aware and some day die.  Thats it.  Why? I don't understand existence. How can therapy help? It isn't brain chemistry, its that I see life for what it is: hollow and theres no going back now.  Bring on an alien invasion, at least it would be exciting. 

I feel like I'm slowing going to start to push my friends away, I do love them, they're good people and feel like family.  Its just the routine, the cycles, the reruns of daily life.  Hearing my drama, them telling me theirs, rehashing the same stories for the 100X time.  It's opening my eyes that this is what entering your 30's is like (I'm 28 in a few months).  I want to be a child again, even if I was naive, that ignorance kept me happy.

I get so depressed viewing dating sites, I was once normal (or maybe I just thought I was), had dates, had flings, short term, long term even a one night stand.  The best part of my day was having someone to cuddle with at night.  I was 23 last time I had that.  I'm not well adjusted anymore, no one wants to date a misanthrope.  I don't know how to connect with people anymore, let alone the opposite sex.  All I see is petty bullshit, my bullshit reflected off them.  It's not that I'm better than them, It's just I don't know how to care anymore.  I cant fix myself and expecting someone else to fix me is foolish and selfish.  No one wants to date a man who is a work in progress.  This isn't House MD, I'm not going to find my own personal Cameron.

Everything just keeps happing over and over, the same as it ever has.  Like me posting on this subreddit just venting because I have no where else to get these thoughts out of my head, just as I have before, just as I will again at some point.  Theres no hope, no way I can be helped.  I don't want to die, death and disease worry me so much - but yet all I want is to watch the world burn, because at least it'd be a break from this mindlessness that we've all boughten into. Let the tenants of capitalism fall, let there be unrest.  We're all controlled by the top 5% of the world who have more wealth and power than we'll ever taste.  Fuck it all.  

"I think I used to have a purpose But then again That might have been a dream..."