Another rant about how pathetic I amHellloooooooooo people!! Nothing new, nothing new at all, just the good ol’ Rob, the one and only Canucks lovin’, Yankee lovin’, Semi Nerf Warrior, Video Gamer, Chess Player popping in for another rant on here about how I want to kill myself because I have noooooobooooody to talk to. I kind of wanted to do that as an entertainment type thing because honestly at this point it’s a game, I wake up every day, I go to school where I’m miserable, I go home and do my thing, I cry myself to sleep, and repeat because I’m pretty much a loser at the age of fourteen, almost fifteen. I’ll admit, I’m young, but life fucking sucks man. It fucking sucks, especially if you’re a loser like me who has nothing to offer because not only am I socially awkward AND barely have anyone to talk to (PSA: it’s very lonely and crippling, especially feeing like you’re on the outside looking in), I’m fucking ugly so no girl wants me, now I get the whole “oh rob!!! Don’t rely on girls or people for happiness” or the “aw rob!!!! Don’t sweat it buddy!! You’re not ugly!!!! You’re beautiful!!!” but it gets tiring because EVERYONE says it and at this point I know it’s bullshit. Like honestly it’s not fair and I know life’s not fair and that I should man up but I just wish I could have more people to talk to because I only really have three people outside of my family that I talk to on a regular basis and two of those people online and one of them is in real life and honestly I’ll say I keep my family contact to a minimum I don’t really talk to family often, for the other two people daily, for my real friend every few days sometimes for a few minutes I guess about video games or whateva and it fucking sucks and gets lonely and I’m gonna admit right now, I believe in God and I love God, but honestly his plan is NOT a good plan for me because who am I? I’m literally a fucking fourteen year old loser who plays video games and chess and you know the rest I ain’t repeating it out of self pity and honestly I’d be long gone off this stupid rock shit-hole if my family owned guns because that seems to be the easiest way out. Now, I know, I’ve got Christmas to look forward to, but it’s still a long ways away and I’m only gonna be happy for a day, A DAY, I don’t want to be happy and at peace with a break for a day, I want it to be that way every day. Not only that, the world is getting shittier and shittier every moment and people are becoming suckier and suckier and everyone will leave you anyways so there’s no point. At the end of the day, I’m just a pathetic guy who’s always gonna be a sucker anyways so honestly I feel like I’m doing semi good because I accept that. I’m gullible, I’m useless, I’m pathetic, and I’m nothing but a bother for people honestly, I’m just that fly that won’t leave anyone alone. So yeah, the first step is acceptance really, the second step is living to well live until I’m 19 at least and can buy a gun or sooner if I know anyone with a gun. Buuuut yeah thanks for tuning in everyone, I’m gonna hit the sheets early and sleep at 6 PM and that’s all. What a lonely world am I right? Wont matter at the end of the day anyways.