Problems in life and with LoveI (31M) have never been fully suicidal. I have lost a lot of people close to me from suicide or drug overdoses (as well as other things). I have however had bouts of deep depression throughout my past. Most of which were through my younger years while I was going through puberty and dealing with life in a broken household with a very dysfunctional family. I’ll spare the breakdown on my upbringing although it may contribute quite a bit to how I feel now. So let’s get into it.... 

I have been dating a girl that I met just over a year ago. Due to certain circumstances we are currently making things work long distance which is very difficult in itself. Aside from that my life took a turn when I lost someone very close to me in an unexpected horrific accident to which I stumbled upon. I have been feeling kind of lost and confused since then but have been doing my best to make do. Now me and my girlfriend love each other very much. I have had a terrible track record with love because I was a lost individual when I was younger and could not properly coexist amongst someone else so I made a bad partner and tainted the atmosphere in which I was in. My partner now is a little younger than me and does not have a lot of experience in relationships. Recently we have been having trouble in our relationship and it seems she is turning her guns on me and also pushing me away. We have talked a lot about what’s going on but she will never admit that anything she has done is wrong and she openly admits that she believes she is always right about everything. I know that is an unhealthy outlook and behavior and have told her this but she truly believes it. I myself am the type of person to step back and analyze things I have done and quickly admit my faults. The combination of the two has been causing me to dwindle down myself to a point where I have recently become so depressed that I have envisioned myself dying and being at peace because I am so distraught and hurt. I seem to be in constant emotional distress and pain. I do not plan I’m taking my life and would never do that. I just feel like this feeling I have been living with recently is exactly what people feel like the moment before they do take their own life and I am frightened, sad, and broken by this. The pain has reached an all time high and my depression has reached an all time low causing me to feel hollow but my mood now fluctuates so quickly from sad to angry that I cannot make sense of how I should feel. It is all so very uncomfortable and confusing and I feel lost at the same time. I don’t know what I’m looking for in here but I feel like I’m at the end of whatever sanity and hope for life that I have had.