I am going to hurt myself.To start things off, mentally, I have bad traits from either side of my family, I have anger issues, I've had fits where I'd destroy works of art I've worked long and hard on, I kicked a hole in my door, a window in, etc. I have anxiety, but for whatever reason my therapist said I can't do anything to help that. I'm fucking lazy, full blown, shithead lazy. My grades are in the shitter, to the point where I'm being threatened to be failed for the semester, an it's all my fault. I wish I had someone to blame other than myself, ease the pressure a bit, it's greedy, I know, but knowing I'm such a FUCKING FAILURE by my own design kills me. I fear I'm hurting my sister by having her get mixed up in all of this. She's such a talented, beautiful little girl and I live in her shadow, she knows it, my family knows it, she's better than me. Much more talented, but oh my god I think I'm ruining her life. She idolizes me for whatever unknown reason and sort of mimics my behavior. I once found fucking suicide notes taped on her walls. It's my fault. I know it's my fault she would never think those things of herself if she thought they weren't normal. But all this screaming crying and suicide threats she's exposed to is doing what I fear to her. She locks herself up in her fucking closet when I'm being shouted at, god forbid by my father, in fear that I'm suddenly just going to kill myself. Thank god my father is gone half the time, or else I probably would just confirm those fears of hers, what with all the bullshit the fuck says to me. He isn't even here for his father who's dying in our god damned house, he hasn't even bother to call him since he had the heart attack, which, dad, in case you're wondering, no, grand dad hasn't gotten better at all, he hasn't walked in weeks, and he's losing his mind. He couldn't remember who I am. He's lived with us for four fucking years and he couldn't remember who I am. I'm just going to end it. I've had a note prepared for weeks, and it's going to finally show some fucking use. I'm too much trouble for everyone involved. It'll just save them the stress. 

TL;DR: Tell my sister to be stronger than I was. 