On the Brink?I am really in the worst place. I cannot tell anyone in my real life- I am sure those of you on here totally understand that. Once I say something Things will get worse- I’ve got an important job working with lots of teens that look up to me and depend on me, I honestly don’t want to let them down. I’ve got a wonderful family and kids that love me and we are incredibly close. I honestly have a great life and wonderful home, although my husband can be a narcissistic , lying ass, overall he is really great, too.  BUT- my mind is fucked... I’m a fucking wreck all the time. I survived terrible cancer a few years ago and I get scans and tests every 3 months. So far so good but lately I feel those feelings in my stomach and I think it’s back. Is it in my head? Who knows.. my next tests are next Friday. I had a severe crash upon diagnosis, mental breakdown and basically became catatonic. I just cried and couldn’t speak... they had me on all sorts of meds for depression and anxiety during chemo and it was the worst fucking thing that’s ever happened to me. And since then I’ve not been right- I worked so damn hard to get off all the meds after chemo- I started a whole new career and totally kicked ass- blew everyone’s mind. But inside I’m still a total basket case. I’m afraid I’ll never be okay again, I’m pretty much ruined now and I am so sad about it. No one understands this, I became friends with people that had cancer like me when I was DXed and they all died. My last friend died a few weeks ago- my family just blew it off because they are online friends. My friend called to tell me he was dying, he left a message asking me to call, I did and we got to talk before her passed. Now I just play his voice message sometimes because I feel so alone in this bullshit now. He knew how jacked up I am and never judged me, just talked to me and checked on me even during his own cancer battle.  I wake thinking of suicide, I go to sleep thinking of suicide- I fought hard to survive cancer but cancer won anyway- it ate away at my spirit and hope for my future and now all I do is worry it will return. I cannot go through that again. I won’t do it.