Manipulation TacticsI'm not entirely sure what I'm expecting to get out of this...it's probably pointless and a waste of time. Maybe writing things out like this is helpful, or maybe it's self-defeating. I don't even know if there's any practical advice you can give me, seeing as how I'm not even willing to share with you how incredibly shallow my perspective is. I hope you can just take my word for it. I'd rather it not go any further. 

Where do people usually start with this sort of thing? Do they ever ask "why does everyone hate me"? Not meaning to sound calloused, it's just kind of a cliche, and I was wondering if it was true? 

Anyways, the reason I ask is because I feel a little out of place for feeling the opposite. I know people love me. That's why I'm always trying to escape. I'm insincere, two-faced, hypocritical. Most of my social-development involved putting up walls, so I can hardly tell whether I'm honest with myself or not. I think that helps to make me manipulative. I didn't realize just how manipulative I was until my best friend became a drug addict and killed himself. Who knows, maybe I'm trying to manipulate you into relieving my conscience just enough so that I don't kill myself. (I'd probably end up stopping short of suicide to get the sympathy and attention of others so I could feel better about myself.) 

I work, take painkillers and use cannabis for a back injury I got while working. I don't really drink much, though I did for a while after my friend died. I'm also religious and feel so distant from the things I value most. Doubts, fear, frustration, pain, I'm friendless, I've lost all sense of community. I have no future, no hope. 

As these thoughts have eaten away at my conscience, I've been left feeling empty, anxious, and afraid. I just wanted to feel better. I just want to be happy again. It sucks when things get so much worse when you thought they were already bad. You realize the bad times were best times of your life, and the memories you'll cherish forever. Well, forever is too long. I don't want to remember anymore.  