A Sudden Downhill SpiralI don’t know what good this will do, but I have nobody but the abyss of the internet at this point. I have no support system or friends now. My best friend and I got into a fight over the weekend, and I’ve been slowly spiraling towards the desperation of suicide since. Thinking of the fight, the things that were said, how things were handled make me utterly nauseous. 

I wanted so badly for my life to be different, to make and keep just one friend who I felt was valuable and worthwhile. I can’t connect with people no matter how hard I try, so when I met my best friend I thought this was mu chance to be a normal functioning human being. We connected so immaculately. And then I went and fucked it all to high hell. I walked away that night just on a whim, but it blew out of proportion. He screamed such nasty things at me, I screamed back things just as nasty. Even though they eat me alive, I could forgive the words eventually, I’m sure I could, but now we don’t talk at all.

He said everything was going to be fine after we both cooled down but it’s not. It positively nauseates me that he called her to help him out of his situation while I was standing right there offering to help. Of all people, it had to be her. It’s pathetic, but this is what I can’t get passed. That and the complete 180 in communication now. We used to text all throughout the day, and now it’s nothing but radio silence. I’m spiraling down into this insanity where the only way out is to walk out into the woods and blow a hole through my head to get rid of this torrent of chaos in my skull. 

I fucked up, and I’ll always keep fucking up. I can’t even maintain one single friendship that meant the world to me. I don’t have it in me to start over again, and there’s nothing more worthwhile to keep me around. I’m not lonely or anything, but I’ve always felt so dead inside. He made me feel like there was some point to all this, this great human interconnection that so many people seemed so lucky to enjoy. I don’t want to go back to just feeling dead. The outside might as well finally match the inside.