My niece told me that she was disgusted with me because I am living with my parents due to chronic pain disabilities.And I can't help but feel that she is right. And I should just finally end it. 

Background. The people that I live with and call my parents are not my bio parents. I used to date their son for 7 years and they took me in as a daughter even after he and I broke up.   

In 2008 i got really ill due to depression when I was working at T-Mobile. Got my gall bladder removed, etc before we found out why. Eventually I ran out of FMLA and was fired from my job along with my boyfriend because my illness made him have migraines so he couldn't work either.    

We moved back in with his folks and I decided to go to college. I lived here while I was going to the local college and I moved out when I transferred to the University. I was going for a Biology degree and didn't realize I was un-diagnosed ADD.   

Needless to say Uni was kicking my ass and in my final year I got suicidal one summer. I moved back in with the family around the end of 2014. During this entire time I suffered from chronic migraines. After I graduated I got a job at a local cannery as a quality analyst and worked there for about 4 months till I was let go because of missing too much work due to the migraines. 

Then the following winter I developed fibromyalgia which manifested as my limbs being on fire. I am a good worker, I am willing to work, but my body is failing me.   

Add to this I have Borderline personality disorder, ADD, PTSD from being abused and molested as a child, anxiety disorder, and chronic depression. Those weren't diagnosed till my last college term at Uni. So I got shit done even though I had all this un-diagnosed shit.     


So I've been here about three years now and in this time two teenage girls have moved in that are my ex boyfriends, ex girlfriends (after me) daughters who were found and awarded custody to her because their father was abusing them. Well their mom also had mental health issues and she wasn't able to handle raising them so mom took them in as well.   

The youngest, who is 17, was angry at me over shared bathroom space and told me that I needed to grow up and get a job and move out. She said I was disgusting, and I am just using mom and dad, I am not living a life, I need to get out and stop being a user. This coming from a teenager who mom and dad have spend probably in the triple digits on by now for her and her sister to move here from out of state because her mom sure couldn't afford the flights and drive to make CPS meetings. Who gets tattoos bought and her girlfriend gets stuff bought for her with mom and dads money. And I already feel bad enough that I don't ask them for anything and wear the same outfit everyday just about and clothes that have holes in them because I feel I have already cost them too much. Yea I don't go anywhere because of anxiety and because I don't want to ask them for gas money. Even though they inherited a ton of money recently I still live like they are just living on their retirement savings. By my choice.         

I'm disabled, and it is only this past week that I have some to terms with that. Since I lost my last job I have been to many doctors trying to find out what was wrong with me and a way to control the pain enough so that I can work. I went to a pain clinic and took a 10 week class twice to try to change my perspective about my pain.    

I have to file for disability now, but it took me a long while to accept it because my biological mother and brother basically used that money to live. I wanted to be different, I wanted to make something of myself.    

But now I feel like I did all this stuff to only wind up like them. And people can't see my disability so they will think less of me. They will think I am too lazy and just living off the government even though I paid my taxes into SSI for 20 years.   

But I finally accepted it, and I was going to file, and was going to find an attorney to file. But what she said today brings my worthlessness crashing back. Even if I file today it could be years before it gets accepted. And I am not living a life worth living. I'm just a burden, and on disability I will continue to be a burden, this time to society. Whats the point if college was my peak? I'm single, no kids. I have pets but I already know people that would take them in and love them. There really isn't anything to look forward to besides seeing how Game of Thrones ends. And I already know everyone is going to die.   

I have the method, and I know it will be a painful one. But I feel its what I deserve. And a heart attack isn't as grisly (to those that would find me) as other methods. 