I'm a 20 yo schizo and I feel like it's the end. It never gets better.I'm writing being as empty as I haven't been since a very long time. I have thought about suicide for 7 years, but it never felt like an actual way out before. I have been struggling with a personality disorder I don't really want to name since I was small, later developed bad depression, probably caused by it. I was treated with sertraline. First it worked wonders but after a few years I started noticing that I barely feel anything anymore. My memory and concentration got worse and worse and I eventually stopped taking antidepressants. It all got back, just with psychotic episodes. I tried to seek help, but everyone claimed it's still depression, except one psychologist who suspected me of being schizophrenic. I never considered it, he put me in a hospital shortly afterwards constantly calling my mother that she should get it checked. I got out after 2 weeks as they said I'm healthy. Fast forward 3 years it got really bad and after a year of diagnosing I finally got the official opinion. It was when it started to get worse. I almost threw myself under a car when I exited the place, it felt like my whole life fell apart. As I got the diagnosis my depression came back, just two times stronger. I managed to graduate school as I only had a few months left, even though I could barely write my exams as I felt my shoulders constantly touched, someone walking behind me and screaming at me. I felt that I am recovering from depression, even though I still felt much worse than before, just for it to hit me again September last year. Even worse than before. There is nothing which makes me happy anymore. I feel like nothing ever will change, just get worse. One of the symptoms is lack of emotion and I think it's the strongest for me. I don't feel anything. I have never been very emotional, but a few things always made me happy. I can't feel joy doing anything anymore. I am never excited nor hopeful. I have no friends. There is nobody I can talk with in real life. I don't have the best relations with my parents, so I just sit in my room for the whole day, everyday. Nothing changes, it's only getting worse. Lately I started developing extreme fear about getting ill. I convince myself that I'm sick out of paranoia and sit and cry almost hysterically with severe suicidal thoughts. The fear is so extreme that I would rather kill myself than even risk being physically ill. Lately I (probably) convinced myself that I'm balding and it's probably the most extreme fear I've had, even though nobody in my family was ever balding and everyone tells me that my hair is perfectly normal. I often start crying, almost hysterically (I barely ever cry, but for some reason started a few months ago) when I see a f....ing hair. I'm a complete mess. From one side I know it's probably a delusion or just a phobia (also that I'm physically uncurably ill), but I can't stop. I have the feeling that it will never get better, just worse and worse. I know that I probably shouldn't think about it. But if i get over one thing, an another one will emerge. Now it's the extreme fear which makes me badly unstable, but I'm afraid it will get worse. It is since a long time. I have lost hope that it will ever get better. I'm too weak to cope with all of this. I just wish something got better, anything. But nothing is happening, it's only getting worse and worse. In those moments I always thought about the things I was planning to do, but it doesn't help me at all anymore. I wanted to create a small indie game and write a book. I have been developing the main character since 4 years and still going. But I don't even have hope for that anymore. I will never make the game. I will never write the book. It seems impossible. I feel like nothing will ever change. I could find a job, get my own flat with a girl I love, marry her. But it still feels like it won't get better. I can't find any strength anymore. I collapse under the smallest things happening to me. I don't know what to do. I feel like being constantly kicked like an old sick dog and it just won't stop. I can't think positive, I don't know how to. I can't find any reason to leave my flat. Any reason to live. I don't want to die, there's a person who needs me, but I can't take it anymore. I'm afraid I eventually won't be able to hold it back. I don't know where to look for help. Nobody cares about me when I plead for it. I can't do it by myself. I'm close to accepting suicide as the only way out of this.