I need an out.Hello. I’ve been silently crying in my hotel room for the past hour now. I’ve been looking at savings accounts, credit cards, dorms at my college, and full time jobs in my area to get my mind off of things.. but it’s not really working and I know I’m at a breaking point so I need to get this off my chest.

I don’t know when I can actually do this, but I need to move out of my parents house immediately. I’m 19 about to turn 20 next month, and some things have happened recently that’s forced my family and I out of our house. It’s currently being fixed but I don’t think I can stand staying there too much longer, namely because of my mother.

I don’t have a car or a license yet, but I’m desperately trying to get one before my birthday. I’m not sure how I’m going to pay for one since I’m a student and can only really work twice a week but I need to figure it out. I can’t stay in my parents place. I can’t be anywhere near my mother. It’s a constant stress, constant screaming everyday, constant freaking out, constant irrational behavior.

I hate being around her. I hate when she talks to me. I hate her lack of need to even take a second to listen and consider other people.

Last night I and the family member I’m sharing a room with are hungry, so that prompts us to ask her to take us somewhere to get something to eat. Mind you, I live in a place that almost requires a car to get anywhere, and being that we’ve already been displaced, are staying in a hotel, and have had to spend over $1500-2000 in two days alone, we weren’t looking to go through the hassle of extra money involving Delivery. (Looks like now we need to but anyway) I ask my mother several times if she’s going to take us to get something to eat.   Instead of informing anyone that she’s actually going out with her friends, she blows up and starts bitching about how everybody relies on her to get anything done. This is hours directly after everyone’s In the car talking about what we want for dinner that night. Her reply then was “ok we can do that.” Now it’s “you’re all grown adults. Why do I need to drive you anywhere? Don’t you understand that I need a breather? I was just displaced.”

We all live in the same house as her. We’ve all been displaced. She’s the only one in the house with a car, so I understand the frustration of having to drive people everywhere but given the situation, I’m not sure I can wrap my head around why we had to take the brunt of her anger being that we’ve ALL been going through hell these past few days. Not just her. Also, how is anyone supposed to know that you’re actually going out if you don’t tell them first? Were we supposed to know telepathically? Was I supposed to know better than to ask my own mother to clarify that she wasn’t going to take me anywhere to pick up food?

This morning I’m eating breakfast with my mother in the lobby and she exclaims that nobody’s paying for her gas money, nobody considers how she feels, and that she doesn’t understand why she needs to explain to everybody where she was going last night. That resulted in a huge fight with her this morning and thus led me to where I’m at now.

I was going to originally post this in AITA yesterday but I’m so far past that.

I could go on and on, I could write two long posts alone about her but I’m too tired for that.

I’ve been emotionally tired for years now and the constant depression is getting to be too much. Usually when I get myself into a deep depression I get suicidal. It’s weird typing it out like that, since it’s the sort of thing I think about everyday, but it’s more of a serious thing when I get into these ruts.

I don’t know my way out right now, Not really. It seems like the only choice I have is to drop out of school and get a full time job. I don’t want to do that but I really don’t see any other options. My college dorms are too expensive and if I can’t afford to pay for that, I don’t think I can afford to get a roommate at an apartment outside of that.

Friends aren’t an option. Other family members aren’t an option.

I feel like I’m trapped. My depression is going to get worse this weekend. I know that for a fact. 

I just.. I don’t know. I don’t know anymore, I just don’t know.