The truthMy parents are nothing like me, they judge other people and behave the way I wouldn’t.  In the country I live you can’t get bank account if you’re underage without adult permission, you can’t order stuff online, you can’t work legally, etc.  And I’m too dependent on my parents and it makes me sick. I have no idea how to become more independent when I’ll be 18.  Without work experience… It looks like everything will be the same: they will do my laundry for me, tell me what to do, drive me to malls, talk with teachers for me, cook meals, etc. And  about intimacy. I never had a boyfriend, was never ask out, never kissed someone to the lips, never been hugged, was never invited to the party or friends house, never had sex. When a guy approaches me I just don’t know how to behave. I just don’t have the flirting skills. I feel like I’m always looking for someone to do things for me. I missed all those years when you gain social experience, etc., because I was sitting at home and reading books, gaining knowledge. I had terrible depression last year.. When the time came to choose between friends and higher position in school, I chose the better position. I had perfect grades, but at that time I lost all of my friends, because I worked more. When I realized how alone I was, I just worked harder, keeping myself busy to forget about it. I gained knowledge, but everyone around was turning away from me, I even sat alone all the time at school, when everyone sat in pairs, no one wanted to work in group/pairs with me. I had a few opportunities to stop the loneliness, but I rejected everyone who tried to get closer to me. And when I met someone who had normal social life and better knowledge/grades/skills than me…I lost motivation and will to live. No matter how hard I tried, someone was better than me. I reached the bottom. I was bullied a lot, everyone made fun of me . I didn’t know who I was anymore, everything seemed pointless. No matter how much I tried to gain friends back, no one wanted me, even my own family. I started to believe that I’m stupid and I accepted it. But after 4-5 years of trying.. I wanted to gain my knowledge back again. I keep trying to become that motivated, selfish, but very hard working and intelligent person I was, but it’s not coming back. Now I’m left without friends and “brain”. Can’t find my place in this world. I lost the hope. I have depression, social anxiety, I’m afraid to go outside and make interaction with other people because I know that I’ll be rejected and misunderstood. I’m sitting at home my whole summer holidays.  People don’t get me, they don’t understand my pain. I’ll hang myself today. I have no one to talk to me, I’m completely alone.