ConfessionI was a porn addict but I didn't know that. My girlfriend's red line was porn. I quit porn when we started to dating. After 2 years when we're on first year of college or second year I was in depression so I relapse. Like 2 or 3 months. When she find out that she gone crazy and we lost 1 year in college because of our fights. After some time we back to normal and stared to study for our future. On 2019 February 28 I lied to her for one reason and we broke up. We get back together after 5 months. This I was in the hell at start of this 5 months. I was surfing on internet I read some articles about porn addiction. So I started fight with urges. After first 2 weeks I realized that I am all alone. All of our friends choosed her. I was in edge of the depression. I tried to kill my self. I never told anyone this before. I sit on my railing of balcony. I am living in 13th floor.  My hands was shaking my heart was like drums that moment I realized that I am alive and I have a chance. So I write down my feelings about her so I saw she wasn't a saint. I saw her mistakes that she had many of them. I improved myself on many ways in that 5 months but I was thinking I ruined her academic life. Fast forward we get back together. Last week was my midterm week. I study at my school library from 08:00 to 23:00. She was with me all the time. This week is her mid-term week and she gone library yesterday day but I didn't because of I needed a day off. She was cold to me all day and she never admit it until mid night. I told her I didn't want to come yesterday because I need a day off. Just a fucking day.  She told me that I never supports her. We fight and fight. I was feeling guilty because we're fighting and she had a really important exam in morning. So I try to comfort her but she was angry and hateful. I said "I am sorry and  you need to focus on your exam." Never listened. So before and after exam I saw her. Tried to relax her. She said if she fail on her exam I am the guilty. Yeah I am guilty from many ways but she is too. I am not the only one that guilty I know that but I can't get over from my head suicidal things. I ruined her life and her academic life. I just want to die. After I saw her last time today. I just walked off to road and wished a car crush me. I look down from high places at my faculty and dream about die. I just want to explain myself to her. I deserved a fucking day off. Yeah I am guilty because I needed support her. Yeah she is guilty because she things I don't deserved a fucking day off. Now her 8 weeks of study gone to thrash. I do not deserve to live. I am a selfish bustard like my father.