Unable to change, slowly turning evil, exhausting resources, and headed towards death.When I had given up and didn't try I had the luxury of knowing it would get better if I clung to life and worked hard.  Now I've been fighting tooth and nail and trying is not enough.  I still can't wake up on time and work towards my goals.  None of the rage, guilt, sadness, is enough fuel to push me from where I am to a place where can have any sort of autonomy.  I can't do anything for myself and my sleep habits and dietary habits show it.  When I plan to go to my college and practice piano and guitar all day, I sleep in and can't bring myself to go at all.  The frustration is unbearable, yet it isn't enough to lift me from where I am.  I know the only way out of depression ultimately not from the help of others but from doing it myself, but I simply can't.

My personal relationships are evaporating.  I treat my older brother like crap constantly, even though he's had a much more painful life than myself.  I don't feel his love, or the love of my family or friends.  I'm unwilling or unable to register the emotions and I cannot return them.  If life were a novel, I would not be the main character, I would be the antagonist, given the same circumstances as the protagonist, but without love.  I feel rotten and violent.  I cut off a friend of mine because seeing the way everyone loves her and flocks to her makes me sick.  She's extroverted, has lots of supportive friends, and isn't very bright; my polar opposite.  I have no reason to hate her other than that she reminds me of all the things that I am not.  I grew up without empathy and I've hurt so many people without even realizing it.  I've never been able to communicate my emotions to others or be honest.  I've been dealt a very good hand and my problems would be trivial compared to eviction, physical danger, or lack of prospects. I'm in my 5th year in college after changing schools and majors, and decaying from a 3.8 in Mechanical Engineering to a 1.x taking two liberal arts classes a semester.  My only way out is applying to a conservatory and doing a full 4 years.  The dept chair knows I am talented and I can even get a full ride, but I just don't have it in me to experience 4 more years of pain and risk mediocrity and failure again.  Even as an accomplished professional doing something I "love" I may not be physically capable of happiness.

 I am the universe experiencing itself and I can't even feel the joy while walking through the park on a sunny day.  I am not even fulfilling the minimum requirement of life, experiencing the world as it turns.  I'm beginning to think that I have chosen death over life, not in a literal sense, but in that I am unwilling to help myself and experience the world and it really is my responsibility.  Death seems logical because I'm exhausting the resources of everyone around me and it is doing nothing.  I am too stubborn to simply exist in a form beneath my potential and now that I have quit smoking weed there is no escape for me, no way to feel peace.  I'm not planning on offing myself now, but I can no longer see anything else in my future but nonexistence.  If there was an "Instant painless death" button, I think I would press it.