gggoooodbyyei have excepted the inevitable fate that i am ugly. i see what men see i see myself as an object, and i am a invaluable object, i am worthless. for all they want is a pretty object i see that now. do i think life is worth living, do i think the rush of being accomplished of doing hard work is worth the pain of stress. no i see the world i am living in today i see what my life time has to offer me and i say no this is not worhtit i am nothing special nor do think my thoughts are somewhat out of the box. i know these thoughts of death of ultimate dark warm peace are all thoughts of some chemical imbalance. i know i share these thoughts with many others but i think that if we all share these thoughts if the fact of life is so simple, if we are just he to creat another human then why live. the world is way to overpopulated and it is selfish to bring a child into a world where they will have to deal with pressures have to look among a and live amongst the lucky. watching them in all their god given glory , they are beautiful devine even and they live wonderful lives. they deserve it but why bring a undeserving child into this world, why just to fulfil a selfish need, just to be in the norm, just to feel a chemical imbalance in your brain called love. start a drug addition anything to get your endorphins running, but for the love of god please do not have a child. for the world we live in is truthfully only to serve corporations, we all addicted to corporations are just money we are not people we live in a world run on money where a human with no money is nothing more than a piece of shit on the sidewalk. we turn our noses the same way to them not everyone but most. where the rich are fantasised about on television, we romanticise the things money can buy its all a illusion, very little get to live that fantasy they just wave it in front of us to keep us working like a fat person on treadmill and a donught in front of them. just mindlessly working towards death. we will get more piano than we will joy and the joy we will exaggerate in our minds to make it all seem worth it to delude ourselves for the truth is to painful and we can not change it . our fate is in their hands, we can choose little things but we cant choose the world we live in and too many dont want to be in this world they want to liv e fantasy stay one endorphin stress free childhood forever but that can not happen we must oh we must make money theres none to prove our codepencdecny to gadgets no mommys not going to be here together and soon all the warmth that you had in your heart from the kisses of someone who would protect you who truly loved you will be gone . i dont want to live in a world where my security is not provided but i am not entitled to say that , so i will take action in the only most ultimate thing i have control of , my death. i wont die at the hands of a drunk or a murderer i wont be scared and have adrenaline run through my veins while living my last moments as an accident no i will die at my own hands and i will be at beautiful peace this was bound to happen everybody dies its not something you can avoid im not embracing death as death is literally nothingness im just sinking in the world and letting it drown me im letting myself become a failure in others eyes because ei know all those others will be dead and that makes me not care i will die i will die and i will die soon i love music drugs food ciggaretes and the ocean most of all i love my mother i hope her good health 
goodbye