My boyfriend left me a year ago and I want to kill myselfI know the tile sounds really needlessly dramatic but there is a little more to it than that. 

Basically, my mum and dad sacrificed a lot to give me a good childhood and a stable home life. I love them a lot and I've always been aware that they fought through a lot so that I can be happy more or less in place of them. Five years ago I met my ex-boyfriend and we were a couple for three years and have been broken up for a year. This was also the time I spent at university and since I live in a university town it's a very big deal, it's hard to find work here. 

Things with my boyfriend weren't good for about a year and a half but I thought it was me neglecting our relationship in favor of uni. Then as soon as I had the brain space to really give our relationship everything he left me. That year and a half took a lot out of me. It was the most stressful time of uni, the people I was living with were awful and draining and he consistently took their side in disagreements which made me feel hopeless and alone. I have since realized he wasn't really giving much to our relationship either. I was not in a good place when I graduated. I joined an MA program so that I could salvage a bit of myself and feel like I got to be happy for at least a bit of this massive thing that I spent 27/37 grand on, not including loans. As soon as the program started he left, claiming a bunch of different reasons until settling on "growing out" of me. Now It's been a year and I have yet to cheer the fuck up.

Since then he has been around in my life, never cutting contact but it feels like he is bating me to do it. He will listen and be there in my worst moments so I am reluctant to let him go. Then later he will complain about that and how I haven't just "gone to get medication" for my issues, that he was instrumental in causing. I feel depressive and tired. It's an extension to the tired I felt post university. I also feel like I have spent the time I set aside for feeling myself again grieving about a relationship. I have been sad and exhausted for three years now and I have run out of will to go on.

Overall, I feel like two amazing people sacrificed their lives so that I could be happy and then I made so many mistakes that I'm not. I feel like I trusted someone with my happiness who didn't deserve it. I feel like I made friends who weren't really friends. And I feel like I wasted their efforts and 37 grand. I feel like my whole life was a waste, of the effort, of people much more deserving than me.

Mostly my confession is that I feel like I can't tell anyone. My Ex keeps saying he is there for me but I feel like telling him "I want to kill myself every day as a direct result of your actions" will be a manipulation. Telling my mum and dad will feel like "all the effort you put into me was a waist." My two friends are very up on their mental health advice and telling them will mean it very quickly spirals out of my control and I'll be talking to APS. 

So that's my confession. I feel hopeless but I can't tell anyone because there is either too much invested, too little invested or nothing invested despite promising having something invested. I have no idea what I'm doing but I feel like I just want to stop and I cant because it will upset everyone else.