I just don't see another option.I'm about to turn 32, and in my family business where I'm not growing, not even making that much. My wage is barely above poverty level right now. My family has encouraged me to go out and do my own thing and they would support me financially. I feel like a failure because of this. I thought I should be at least married or have a stable job where I'm growing and somewhat content by this age. Instead, I'm in a studio apartment with little to no friends (certainly no one I can talk to about this). The option to start from scratch and dive into a completely new industry like software sounds ridiculous to me for a person at my age. I get interested in a lot then can't decide and flame out, again and again. Meanwhile my family watches me thrash about and just don't understand why I don't live and work with them, and just live like that until I get married. Basically, I feel like I'm mooching off of them while there's very little work right now in the business, plus I don't have much to show for the time I have spent here. My parents are stressed that I'm not progressing, and I'm stressed, and this cycle of hoping something will come about in the family business where I can grow, then being let down when it doesn't come through, my exploring a new option, then flaming out because I lose interest, has repeated itself so often that I feel like it's perpetual, it will not end, and I will be the loser I feared most. So I sat down with my journal and just started bawling my eyes out writing what was the first suicide note to my parents saying it would just be better if I weren't in their lives, that it would be one less thing they would have to worry about. No prospects for a bleak future of depression and mediocrity. They can simply be satisfied knowing my sister is at least on her way, has a stable job and graduated with a stellar GPA from a great college. We are all so proud of her. Yeah it might hurt everyone for a bit but then perhaps they would look back and see that this cycle was not going to end, and that it's better this way. I've never been this low in my life that I actually wrote a suicide note to them. I just needed someone to reach out to right now and talk to, so I came here, the first forum I thought of. I don't want to keep thinking about this every few months. I want to either do it or not think about it again. I just honestly think this is the only good option. A life isn't working out so end it so others can move on.