lost and unsure of where to gohi! i... i'm at a loss, honestly, and i figured that maybe i could get some help here.

i've been suicidal for a couple years now. it comes and goes, i've attempted a half dozen times or more by now but have only gotten close twice. i dont want to die. i really dont. but everything has just been so empty, things have been going downhill, everything in my life just keeps going wrong and i'm scared. i dont want to suffer anymore.

i'm gonna try to keep this short but i guess context is good. uh... i ran away from an abusive stepfather at 17, lived on my own for a while. had a slew of unstable and unhealthy relationships, abuse abound on all sides. i was a fucking shit person. had a few roommates, moved around a couple times. i had to quit working at doctors recommendation due to my mental health absolutely crashing after mistreatment at work and a bad breakup, and i've been on british columbia (canada) welfare ever since. its not much to get by on lol, i can pay a tiny portion of rent on places and i usually only eat once or twice. last year a guy i met online and got close to (really close) wanted me to move in with him, he'd take care of me, help me work, etc. i loved him endlessly but once i moved in it turned into a nightmare. sexual exploitation, gaslighting, manipulation, and threats of dumping me on the street or killing me if i said a word negative about him or affected his career.

i managed to get out with the help of some friends and lived on their couch for a while. things were rough from time to time, my anxiety is awful and i tend to lash out easily or see everything as a threat so eventually i moved out. things were fine, i guess. my relationships (i'm polyamorous... or i was? i think I need a fucking break) were not great, kinda unstable, i broke up with one of my partners after our BPD just kept bouncing off of eachother and we were treating eachother like shit. one of my other partners was pressuring me to move down to oregon with her and get married, but i didnt feel safe doing so, i didnt trust anyone and after us just getting more and more miserable i broke off the engagement and tried to just focus on my growth. I wanted to heal and get better. i wanted a stable relationship.

things went okay for a while. i reconnected really well with my one remaining partner, but stress was building up. money was always tight. i was miserable when we werent spending time together. I felt like she never tried to help me when i was struggling and i just bottled it all up. then i caught her cheating on me with my friend's girlfriend while i was sleeping right next to them. twice, two weeks apart. My girlfriend was remorseful. I forgave her - i'm on the asexual spectrum and i know i dont do a whole lot, she realized she messed up, and it was my friends gf who kept pushing her. we tried to move past it but i kept... bottling my feelings up. blaming myself. i didnt do enough physical things with her, so she wanted more.  but i knew it was a breach in communication. i didnt know how to deal with it  and eventually after hanging out with her, my friend and their gf for a night and hearing them flirt with eachother and (in my mind) pretend nothing happened, i broke down.

at first i was just tryint to explain how i felt. tell them that i felt walked over and hurt. but i started breaking down and spiraling. everything and everyone was an enemy and i started lashing out. the friends gf just kept sneering at me - her face haunts my nightmares - she kept acting like nothing was wrong. it was my fault. how dare i get angry. it ended in yelling and tears and we went our separate ways for a while. my friend and i had been planning on moving in together, and after a lot of talk we thought it would all still work out. I just needed space from that girl.

fast forward to this week. I was down visiting my girlfriend for Christmas, and i get a message from my friend and roommate saying that he's kicking me out on new years. his girlfriend had started hanging out with my exes and they all talked about how abusive and horrible i was (this is all stuff that i'm very aware of and those relationships ended over eight months ago. i've come a long way). But she decided she hated me, and gave my friend an ultimatum. kick me out, or leave. I stood my ground, my name is on the lease, i'm not going anywhere, but my friend is leaving. maybe at the end of next month, i don't know. they arent talking to me right now. stress builds. the home that i had just moved into two weeks previous and just finished unpacking... is now a nightmare. i feel unsafe. i have nowhere to go. no friends, no family, and definitely no money.

stress builds more. i'm shutting myself off from my girlfriend while we're trying to spend christmas together. i cant sleep, but she doesnt seem to care and just would roll over and sleep. things just kept getting worse and worse. i've been falling apart all week and last nitht (christmas! yay!) we had a disagreement and i started to cry. not a fight. no yelling. but it was too much for her. she left and didnt come back for a while. i managed to calm down and i apologized profusely but she told me she just cant do this anymore. its too much stress. my breakdowns and all the stress of my living situation and now my friend and his girlfriend hating me(?). just too much.

so we're done. the only real thing that i was holding onto. my partner is gone. my home will be gone. i've lost my friends, i've been cheated on more times than i can count, i have nowhere to go and i just. i dont see any good coming out of this.

this is all a SUPER watered down version of my life. i've tried to be as upfront and honest as i can but for time's sake its a bit of a mess.

i just dont know what to do. so now i'm here, writing out a post on a subreddit i've never seen before, hoping that. maybe someone has something that could keep me going. maybe i can build hope.

i'm in the car with my (ex?) girlfriend. she's taking me back home, a home i will likely lose within a month. i dont know what to do. i just want to die. i dont want to suffer anymore.