Fuck this shit. I'm finally done.I'm ending it. I've been going through bullshit day in and day out every single motherfucking day of my life.

I cry every morning when I wake up, I cry during the day if I can find a place to be alone, and I cry myself to sleep every night. 

I don't have any friends. I haven't had any friends for over a year. I am sociable, but people don't want to hang out with me.

My mom is verbally and psychologically abusive. My job hates me and threatens to fire me all the time. Then I would have bills to pay that I couldn't pay. I have nowhere to go and no one to go to.

I was trying to make brownies earlier, and I spilled a little bit of chocolate on the counter. Maybe the size of a quarter. My mom went ape-shit telling me how I need to take a cooking class and calling me a "fucking retard" and saying, "What did I do to deserve you as a child?" that there's "chocolate everywhere; all over the counter, paper towels, in the sink" and none of this bullshit is fucking true. I am a neat freak. I'm not a slob.

I always try to not let it bother me, but fuck, it fucking bothers me enough that I've decided to end my life. If she hears me crying she says "fuck you" and if I continue to cry she takes my car keys away (by force, I will fight her) and take my cell phone away and probably try to choke me which she has done before.

I'm 19 years old and I already feel too old for this. I am so tired that I feel like I'm 90. I'm tearing up and so afraid to cry that it's making it harder to hold it in.

I always kinda felt bad about thinking about killing myself by thinking my family would miss me. Maybe they will, and maybe my mom will be miserable forever but now that is what I *want*. My mom always tells my family members that I am a horrible person. That I lie and steal, and that I do horrible things that I have never done in my life. She lies to their faces in front of me, and I have to get lectured every time I see them about something stupid my mom told them I did.

Fuck them all. Fuck everything. I want to open up a space for another child to grow and have a decent life. There's too many people on the planet anyway. Thanks for listening.