My Life is PointlessRecently, I've been flipping back and forth between wanting to kill myself and wanting to try to improve my life. As this cycle continues, I think I'm getting closer to ending it. Recently I've been thinking of when and how I would do it. At night, I wish I had the means/will to hurt myself, simply because I just hate myself so much, and it feels like I deserve to hurt. 

So, why do I hate myself so much? The short answer is because I'm dumb. I don't understand anything that's going on around me, no matter how hard I try. I go through every day, obsessed with trying to understand everything, and every day I fail miserably. 

I've always had very high expectations for myself. My parents are both highly educated and intelligent people, and they've always tried to push me into a STEM career. My whole life, I was in honors and rigorous extra-curricular programs, and I did pretty well, which unfortunately led me to believe that I was smart. Although I doubted my abilities from time to time, I still always thought I would be successful. 

Now I am 21.  I'm going to community college because I left the university I was accepted into because I was too depressed to get out of bed. I do well in my classes, but I often feel like there's something I'm missing- like I don't get the whole picture. This is especially bad in math because I'm often able to do calculations but don't really understand why I'm doing them. This has led me to questioning my level of intelligence more and more...although, most of my problems are outside of school.

While I'm generally good at taking tests and writing essays, I've started to realize how little I understand in day to day life. I frequently miss jokes, I have a hard time understanding characters and emotions in movies, and I always seem to be a step behind everyone else. I often can't visualize easy things, like how to move a large piece of furniture through a small door frame. Sometimes I read simple comments online and get inexplicably perplexed and have to read it over and over again before I understand it. Also, I am absolutely horrible with directions.

Every day I go through countless experiences that fill me with panic and shame because of how horribly dumb I am. I spend most of my day in a confused, anxious haze, and every mistake I make makes it worse. I constantly question how two people as intelligent as my parents could've had such a worthless, stupid child. 

Maybe it still doesn't make sense to want to kill myself because I'm below average intelligence. There are plenty of people like that in the world, and, so, calling my life pointless because of that seems extremely insulting to all of those people. I definitely see that. However, I just can't see myself ever being happy with myself, considering how little I understand. Being a scholar has always been my main goal in life, and since I am genuinely incapable of pursuing that, I can't think of any reason I would want to live. I'm sure it sounds stupid, but I guess it makes sense that my feelings would be stupid. 

On top of all of that, I also have really crappy mental health, if that wasn't already evident. I've struggled with anxiety, depression, and OCD for all of my teen and adult life, and none of that ever seems to improve through medication or therapy. Recently, I've been thinking that I might be incapable of improving because I'm just too dumb to do CBT or ERP. 

Anyway, I'm sure no one will read this. Probably better that way anyway, because I don't think it makes a lot of sense. I don't know why I'm even posting this, because it's not like it's going to change anything. Writing it has only made me more positive that I'm worthless.