to be honestwhen will i stop finding new things to hang onto that just disappear,hell, a lot of times it's even because of me. which destroys me.
everytime i find a way to cope, something gets in the way, i physically can't continue using the same coping methods and one day i'll run out of ways to cope, that's the day when i'll die.
no actually, i won't die on the day i run out of ways to cope, i'll die 5 years after that day because i'll be grasping onto the hope that something'll change, even when i try to change there's just no use and those 5 years i'll be living in complete agony and end up wishing i killed myself when i was much younger.
i hope that this year or maybe next, who knows, i'll finally learn from my mistakes and build up the courage to kill myself, and i'll have to build up even more courage to not make that a suicide *attempt*, and to actually die. 
but we all know that's not gonna happen and that's the thing that sorrows and saddens me. i know i'll just find more little things to hold on to, that just end up dissappearing and again, causing me to feel immense grief most times which just fuels my will to die. and i know i'll be too hessistant and it'll only be an attempt. because truth is that mentally, i'm still optimistic thing'll get better, i'm not clinically depressed so i still find moderate enjoyment from stuff too. truth is that i'll die at a much older age, probably 35-50, after not doing anything with my life because of constent suicidal thought. 
why can't i just be happy, why did i have to get born, why was i born with a speech impediment which than caused me to develop social skills in a bad way. i can still speak to people yeah, but it's a really fucked up speech impediment, like it's really bad and inconsistent and so far it has gotten worse as i'm getting older. friendships are fake, a girl has a crash on me and i can't do anything about it. it destroys me, fuck everything , i'll be at my happiest if i die. so much more i wanted to write but fuck it.
