Non urgent, just need to rant a little to strangers.After 'Redditing' for almost 3 years on my main, I've decided to fianlly create the first 'other account'.

I'll say this early to discourage time wasting, I'm not suicidal, I'm not so sure I ever was.

I haven't shared all of this to anyone, so I'm sorry if this rants on for a little while, but this is the first time I've shared myself fully with people... Whether they know me or not.

I had a good childhood. Great infact, parents weren't that well off, but food was always in for me and my 2 sisters and our family is one big happy family (as far as families go).

I'm the second born, only male in the family.

I've always been second best to the older sister. From when we both got our first jobs, I was paying more towards the family upkep than her (due to the parents being afraid to confront her, this was confirmed by relatives), I was paying around £150 a month for upkeep, she was less than £80. 

This evened off after a couple of months once other family found out. I wasn't particularly bothered at the time, my spare wages went on nights out and other stuff that would never last... Hers too, but it never affected her job.

I worked for 5 years for the NHS. They screwed me over, I was harassed at work for apparently sleeping with the bosses helping hand. That wasn't true, nothing happened and nothing would (her 17 year old daughter made a pass at me one time, I turned her down, I had a girlfriend at the time).

I'm not sure how much of this is relevant. That girlfriend up there though ^, she was a compulsive cheat. My first steady girlfriend, forgave her the first 2 times she cheated on me... The usual first 'love'.

I should mention that before the NHS work I went to a college to increase my English and Maths GCSE (Our class got screwed over with 6+ teachers in highschool during the exam term). I wanted the grades and so went back to college to try and achieve them. 

College wasn't for me. I knew from the very beginning how I could increase my exam grade and didn't want to sit through one more year of classes. 

I tried. I tried for the first couple of months of classes before I was fed up of being taught the exact same material for yet another year because of the failure of our highschool by assigning us physical education teachers to teach us maths and english during their time off.

So I skipped classes. The only class I did attend was the Computing class.

To cut that story short, I was caught frauding EMA (Educational Maintenance Allowance... You got £30 a week if you attended all of your classes).

I didn't get the £30 a week, as I didn't attend all of my classes. At that point my parents were on my back, big time.

So I forged a copy of a fake form that was titled "**** (I knew there was a good reason for proof reading - name deleted) has attended class this week"... I attended all of my classes for one week and the teachers signed it.

Once they did, I doctored the form and made it so they were signing to declare my presence in  all classes.

You can probably see where this is going... It failed. My father and I were called into a meeting with the heads of the college. One of my tutors was called in and that was that. My father went ape shit. Told me he was driving home and he wanted me to quit college that day.

I overdosed the next morning without quitting college. I took many, many pills that morning (I can't even remember which pills, I just remember having around 30 of them lined up).

I didn't feel bad at all, I felt like I was releasing this massive build up of stress that I never learned how to let go of. 

I feel I should add that I still haven't learnt how to handle stress. I don't even remember the last time I bothered about anything. People always comment to me that I walk like I don't have a care in the world, and I honestly feel like they're right, not only do I not have a care in the world, I don't think I care about anything, and yet people see this as a trait, it's not. 

That lack of caring is what has bothered me the most in my life. It's not that I'm an arsehole with it mind. I have and always will disregard my own consequences if it means that another person will lose some of their own stress. 

Take tomorrow (well... It's 3am, today I should say). I'm moving house today. I have around £40 in my pocket. I have to pay up £200 by the end of the day in order for us to get the keys... Oh, and we get kicked out of this current home at 5pm today, regardless of having another house or not.

Most people would plan their money a few days in advance. I only just managed to sort mine out a few hours ago. In fact, I'm not sure I have it all sorted out, I think I may be £70ish short, but no worries, everything always works out.

I'm not sure where I'm going with this, I think I just needed to put everything in perspective. 

This is where I could go with this... Does everyone feel this way? Even with past relationships, I've always been told to share my feelings more.... I've had 4 long term relationships (well... over one year each)... I've never been a sharer of feelings I guess (should I note that each of those long terms got engaged to the next man they met? Each of them were less than 6 months of knowing them?)

I've given up on relationships for now. I've been single for around 6 months (the longest in 8 years)... Never had a one night stand, I'm all about meaningful things in my head, just not in person.

I guess this has gone on for a little too long... I don't expect anyone to read this far down, except maybe myself later on. I guess we all need ways of relieving stress, writing it down might be one of mine, I'll see in time.