Something I Did a Long Time AgoHi /r/SuicideWatch.

I'm in my early 20s, and I've been depressed for most of my life. Things have gotten a lot better since I started seeing a counselor, though. Anyway, something has been haunting me for years, but for a long time, I've been able to force it out of my mind. Suddenly, though, just as everything else seems to be looking up, I've started feeling the crushing guilt again... Perhaps I'm overreacting, but I'm seriously having trouble living with this. Just a warning--this is sexual in nature.

My aunt was never around much when I was a kid, but she was always my favorite person to see. To be honest, my stupid kid brain always had something of a crush on her, probably because she's really mysterious and stuff, but obviously she's a family member so that wasn't okay. Well, when I was about 15 or 16, for circumstances I can't quite recall, she and I had to share a bed... Because I was so fond of her, and because I was shockingly forward at that age, I asked her to cuddle with me... And she enthusiastically obliged. She laid with her back facing me, and I sort of assumed the position of spooning. As a hormonal teenage boy, though, I became... Well, aroused, and I'm sure she felt it. I think I even intentionally pressed against her. I recall running my hand along her arm, too. At one point, when she was presumably asleep, I even allowed my hand to brush her nipple... Of course, at the time, it was exciting, but my stomach is turning as I'm writing this.

Later in the night, she woke up and said she'd be right back. I recall "relieving" myself, and then wallowing in guilt for having behaved in such a way. However, when she came back to bed, she assumed the same position, which surprised me--and made me feel significantly less guilty. Closer to the morning, my gran came into the bedroom (for no apparent reason? Did my aunt alert her or something?), said that the way we were sleeping was "weird," and made me move to her bed downstairs. Not another word was ever spoken of it, but my aunt has continued to be kind to me the way she always has.

My ex-girlfriend, the only person to ever hear of this, tried to convince me that my aunt abused *me*, but I don't see it that way. I feel as though I violated *her*. It makes me feel so shitty that I honestly just want to die. This incident has been one of the main sources of my depression, and a frequent subject of my tendency to obsess. I used to be very experimental when it came to sexuality, but this is the only time I feel as though I've done something without someone's consent. Does this make me a rapist? After all, even if for only a second, I touched her breast while she was sleeping...

The only way I can think of alleviating this guilt is to apologize. But how does one bring up an incident like that from several years ago? Will it freak her out and make her uncomfortable--perhaps she never even detected the sexual tension? Perhaps she won't remember, and I'll sound like a psychopath? Even worse--what if I discover that I caused her a great deal of suffering?

I want to bury this, of course. I want to learn to love myself again, and I'm really trying, but... Do I deserve to? Is what I did unforgivable? I feel like I'm going insane... The past going to follow me forever... I never wanted to hurt anyone... I just want to make people's lives better, but it looks like I've already failed at that...