IndifferenceDays keep going by, and I feel stuck. I do enough to get by- bare minimum to pass classes, to keep at least a few acquaintances around to play video games with, but other than that, I’ve isolated myself completely. People here don’t really seem like the kind I’d want to get along with, anyways. I feel exhausted after talking, and disingenuous with who I am. Plus, my reputation succeeds me, so I know I have no shot interacting with certain social circles that my ex or my previous roommate are in. 

My thoughts of suicide are near constant again, though. I don’t have any active desire to go out of my way to end my life, but I spend so much of the day imagining various ways to kill myself. Cutting used to be a way to distract myself, and I still get the urge pretty frequently. Yet I know I can’t/shouldn’t- I’d cut my thighs, but I live in a warm climate and shorts weather is nigh. My other scars are almost all completely healed and white; old and faded. Plus, I don’t want that to be who I am, anymore. And yet it feels so tempting, so comforting to think about. 

I feel resigned to living life- at least, until my parents die. I feel like that’d be when I could finally just let go if I still needed to or wanted to. The only thing keeping me would be the guilt from leaving them in such an awful way. But these days are getting unbearably long, and the future increasingly dark and cloudy. I can’t see myself in 10 years, 5 years, or honestly even imagine what life will be like next year. I wish I could start over everything. I wish I wasn’t so mentally unstable and broken. 

My walk to classes takes me across a fairly busy street, under a sketchy overpass. The other night, I took a breath and walked across without looking. I felt so calm, so at peace. My headphones were in and I could tune out any sounds of traffic. When I got to the opposite curb, unscathed, I kept walking and tried my best to keep from bursting into tears. I would have been okay if it was done then. I’m thinking about doing it again, and again. If I should continue to live, then I guess it’ll be some sort of sign. 