I'm 32. And I logically think it'd be better if I ceased to exist. I'm not feel really emotional or anything right now, I'm quite calm actually. 

I'm not sure where to start. But for as long as I can remember, I've been depressed. I always felt like I had to fake positive feelings. Happiness has never truly lasted for me, it's come and gone. 

When I was 20, I met a girl on the internet (mIRC). We fell in love and I flew to Australia. I was born in the Netherlands and I'm currently still living in Aus.. Anyway. After 6 years she broke up with me because my mental issues were too stressful. And my heavy depression took her down to that level too. 
After we broke up and she lied to me for a year I developed serious anxiety disorder. It took me a while to get that under control. 
But ever since then I've just been incredibly depressed. Sometimes I'd get the energy back and I'd jump into the world again.. all excited and what not, only for things to blow up in my face. Mainly because of my own errors. 
Anyway, that girl I was with.. I decided to stay quite close to her because I still cared about her. She made a great friend. 
2 years ago she moved to London. I was happy for her. Aaand I did miss her quite a bit since we had such a strong bond. 

A week ago she came over for her brother's wedding. She saw me a few times but only with her fiance present, I could never really speak to her alone or anything. 
2 days ago we were originally supposed to meet up the day before she'd fly back. 
She changed her mind and said she'd rather do something other than hang out with me. I asked her why, and she said.. that I'm just too depressing to be around. 

This hit me pretty hard. 
And I realised I'm just not a great guy to be around at all. I'm negative. 
I've just given up on life. 
Don't have a job. Haven't had one in a while since they all just go bad. I can't handle them emotionally, the anxiety gets ridiculous. 
I have to real prospects. 

Now that she's stopped caring about me.. and she's the only person I thought really did... then well... 
I don't see the point anymore. 

Like I said. I'm not sad or emotional at the moment. I'm just currently thinking of ceasing to exist. In the most painless way possible. 
I'm quite at peace with the entire idea. 