Closer than everThis is a throwaway, obviously. Also you'll see I've posted this same wall of text to another sub. I'm just throwing things out there at this point. 

For the past 2 or 3 weeks I've been in a deep depressive state. I have my ups and downs like everyone, but one thought that I always have in mind is that if there were a quick, easy, painless way to kill myself then I would do it. 

I live in a country where guns aren't easily available so I've never really given suicide much thought outside of "wouldn't it be nice?". However, I've been browsing online about morbid things as my mood deems fit and I've found a method that I can do. In fact, scratch that, that I've tried. Almost exactly a week ago now I tried it. It's the ol' plastic bag inert gas setup. Exit bag, sometimes called. I Sat down, had everything prepared. Put my headphones in and went with it. About 30s in I was lightheaded, and I couldn't feel any parts of my body. I panicked, and stopped everything then and there. I only realised I couldn't feel my body when I couldn't feel my hands grab the bag I ripped away from my head.

I sat, curled up in my bathroom for about 30 minutes completely detached, trying to rationalise everything that had just happened. For the past week going about my routine, I've been feeling like I'm close to "falling out of my body" for lack of a more coherent phrase.

Anyway, what I'm saying is that I know, given slightly more determination/intoxication on my part the method will work. I have many notes written up on my laptop, addressed to people in my life that I would want them to see when I do it. 

It'd be so easy, but apparently the last step is the hardest.

I'm not sure what's going to happen next. Maybe I break out of this depressive episode. But now I know of a method, what's to say I make it out of the next?

Thanks for reading I guess. It feels good to get this out there. I obviously haven't spoken about this to anyone I know irl, out of fear they would try to stop me.