Sh*ts F*cked, Please Stand ByF/22/Suicidal since I was 13

I've had a solid, painless, and nearly foolproof plan to end my life for months now. 

I used to have some idea of why I still wanted to be around, but that's been lost on me for quite some time now. I've smoked a lot of weed in the past year just to keep my head from wandering too far into that dark place. It helps with my chronic pain too. I was diagnosed with Systemic Lupus 2 years ago today, recently showing signs of the disease progressing to my brain and lungs, as well as my kidneys and joints. I'm only 22 but I feel like I'm 62. I've had doctors tell me that it's only going to get worse the older I get, and there isn't jack sh\*t I can do about it besides managing the symptoms.

Why the f\*ck would I want to stick around for that?

On Monday, due to Lupus complications and Sjrogen's being a salty b\*tch, I had to have my 19 remaining teeth removed. I'm now wearing dentures, and while I am glad to have gotten all of my bad teeth out, I still feel like I've lost a part of me that I can never get back. I know that most men (women too) would be disgusted with the fact that I'm toothless and probably assume I'm a drug addict just as my sister and parents were. I don't exactly look sickly, besides my butterfly rash that breaks out on my face during my flare-up days. Those have been becoming more frequent as of late due to the massive amounts of stress from my job (its customer service, what else should you expect?)

I help run a Lupus support forum for others that have been diagnosed, and I've watched people I've grown close to slowly pass away and die in hospitals hooked up to a bunch of machines. I've decided that this is not the death that I want for myself. I would like to die peacefully, alone, and on my own terms. Also, I want to end my life deep in the wilderness, so that my body can return to the earth naturally, and so no one will have to stumble upon my body and mourn over it. 

I know my family wont miss me or even want my remains. My sisters and my dad have been challenging me to follow through with my suicidal ideations for years now, and they've cast me out since we were kids due to my Asperger's diagnosis. I was always weird and different from them, and they hated me for it.

I don't want to still be alive when I'm no longer able to do the things I love (hiking, camping, fishing, etc) and that day is coming closer. Part of me is naturally afraid of going to the other side, but a large part of me wants to embrace it with open arms.

I'm ready to die. On my terms.