From a utilitarian perspective, I should kill myself.Legitimately most (think 4/5) of everyone I know at my school dislikes me. They barely tolerate me, and hate my presence (I can't exactly avoid them). The other 1/5 I have no idea about, and if I died tonight, they might be a bit sad (and I think that they don't like me either, and might even be happy), although I'm sure they'd get over it in a few weeks. I have no close friends, by the way. The closest friend I have I barely interact with, perhaps on the scale of a few hours a week.

I deactivated my account on Facebook a week ago for a few days to study for a business test. When I came back, there was a post with over 40 likes about how happy everyone was to see my gone. That's depressing. I'm having a negative effect on everyone I know.

Everyone tells me, though, maybe I should stop having a negative effect on everyone, just stop pissing people off? Fuck if I know how to do that. I spent most of my life not interacting with any "normal" people, so I have no idea how to not piss people off. The only solution I can think of, at this point, is to stop interacting with anyone whatsoever, and that would basically involve cutting myself off from the world, which would be pretty shitty for my need to socially interact, making my life even worse than it already is.

My family are possibly the only people who might be sad, yet I feel like I'm one of my main causes of my parents fighting (e.g. shitty marks, supporting me financially) so dying would help their relationship in the future. I'm not close with my brother, although he might be sad if I die.

I'm depressed, and really hate myself for annoying everyone else. The first reason why I'm still alive is that I've always had something to do. Finish a book, a TV show, a game. Yet now, I have nothing. I have the "rest of my life" to do, a vague, indefinable concept that'll involve me probably not getting a job due to a lack of social skills and living on the streets homeless.

The other reason why I'm alive is that I'm a selfish person. Despite the fact that me killing myself would create a net happiness increase amongst humanity, since most people I know would be relieved I was gone, and not bugging them, I still haven't done it because I fear death and still take at least some happiness in my life. I just value my own happiness over that of others. To even live, I have to admit that I'm selfish and hate others enough to inflict myself on them.

The most charitable act I could do would be killing myself. And when I stop being happy, and killing myself would give me a higher net happiness than letting my life continue would let me acquire, I probably will if I'm not too lazy to acquire the materials.