Too fat to live.Today I topped the scale at 470lbs.  20 pounds more than I weighed a few months ago, and over 150 more than a few years ago.

I wsa dieting. I tried Keto.  I was doing good, got confident and then figured it would be smooth sailing from there.  If I quit, I would start back up the following day.  It never happened.  I quit, and every time I started back up, I would last a week, a month, but always back to my eating habits.

I started getting fatter.  I lost my job. my gf left me.  I'm here 2 years later and not a damn fucking thing going for me. I got a new job that pays the bills, but I have no meaningful reason to be here.  

if it wasn' for my family, I would have ended it a long time ago.  I don't feel good.  I always feel like shit, I sleep with a CPAP, I won't even delve into my sexual side because it is non-existent at this moment.

I have no sex drive, even if I did, I can barely reach my dick.  I can't wipe my ass, and I just suck at life.

I don't want to die at my own hands, but at this rate, it is coming sooner than later.  I gave up on life.  I have moved on from caring about anything.  Lately, I have stopped doing/enjoying all the things I used to.  I deleted my facebook.  I deleted my instagram.  I stopped answering calls, texts.  I go to work, come home, and sleep, wake up, go to work, and this is my life.  Weekends I lay around the house.  I watch movies. I don't do shit. I eat till I am full and then eat a few hours later.  I hate my life, but I have decided that if I'm killing myself with this lifestyle, I'm going to simply get it over with sooner than later.  I'm posting on here because nobody else listens and I don't expect you to either.  Just a quick vent. 


I'm going to continue to get as fat as I can as quickly as a can to get a coronary in the next few months or so.  It is the only suitable death I can have anyways.  Everyone would understand. I'm already fat, it wouldn't be suicide.  It would simply be a sad death everyone expected.

