Long Story - Need supportI've been depressed suicidal for a long time, but it's gotten worse over the past year. It started last year. I chose my best friend to be the one to take my virginity because I trusted him. He felt honored that I had chosen him, and it was a big deal. Unfortunately, I got a really bad ovarian cyst, so we couldn't do it right away. We promised to wait until I was completely better. He broke that promise when he started dating his cheating girlfriend a few months after. She has another boyfriend, and she's cheating on him with my best friend, and she has made excuses for not wanting to break up with her original boyfriend for my best friend. The fact that he broke our promise really hurt me.

A few months after he started dating her, I was sexually harassed on my way home from school. I was on a public train during the winter, and this guy started harassing me. Another man defended me. However, the offender proceeded to threaten the guy by saying he was going to shoot him. He didn't pull out a gun, but the threat was there. I got out of the train as soon as the doors opened.

After that, I wanted to see my best friend for support. I told him what happened and had asked him if we could meet up over the weekend (the incident took place on a Monday). But, he decided that spending the weekend at his cheating girlfriend's place was more important than helping me. I couldn't keep my feelings about everything anymore, and I decided to talk to my best friend about it. We got into a fight over it. 

It turns out that he had forgotten about the promise we had made, and that has permanently changed the way I saw the world. People always say to think about your loved ones and how they would feel if you committed suicide, but after what he did, I couldn't help but think that if it was so easy to forget a promise that big, how easy is it to forget someone's existence? If I committed suicide, no one would miss me. They'd simply forget about me: my abusive family, my friends, everyone, so it wouldn't matter.

He also tried justifying him choosing to stay at his cheating girlfriend's place over supporting me, but the thing is, it's not like she was in trouble or in need of support or anything. He also didn't have work. I needed him, and in a moment of need he picked his girlfriend over me which is something he promised to never do, but I guess he broke that promise out of desperation considering how many failed relationships he's had. 

He said if I had considered if the guy who harassed me was bluffing about the gun. Of course I had considered it and so did the police; however, threats of using a weapon are taken extremely seriously. Plus, I didn't know if he was bluffing or not. He could have been, but he could also have been serious.

I told him that work is understandable for not being able to see me during that time, but going to his girlfriend's house instead of helping me during an important time is not, and that he can go to her house at any time. He said, "Still it's what I chose to do cause I wanted to."

We fought some more. I did hurl a few insults here and there, and he said he's not going to talk to me for insulting him for spending time with his girlfriend. We eventually apologized and made up.

The thing is, the damage has been done, and I'm still hurt by everything. I haven't completely forgiven him either. I can't look at the world the same. This combined with living in an abusive household and being made of my family and family friends about me eating (I'm skinny) has taken a toll. I think about suicide almost all the time, and I have no one to talk to. I've tried antidepressants, but the ones I've tried so far haven't worked for me, so I'm still looking for the right one. I see a psychiatrist and a counselor at school, but it's summer break, and I can't see anyone now, especially because I live with a narcissistic mom.

I've attempted suicide a few times during the summer including on my birthday. I can't stop thinking about suicide. I don't know what to do. I've contacted hotlines a few times, but I don't want to be a nuisance, and they're not always helpful. Nothing seems to be working anymore. I want to die. I wish I was never born. I hate the world, I don't want to be here anymore.