I need somewhere to ventHappy new year everyone. I hope everyone had a better evening/night than me.


I want to give a bit of background: I am recently out of a relationship. My girlfriend broke up with me at the end of November. I thougt I was okay until this evening. My thoughts about her brakeup until now have been along the lines of; She is young and doesn't know what she wants yet. And she wants to experiment. I thought give it time and she will come to her senses. We had a very solid relationship, very few fights and we talked about everything that bothered us.


A friend of mine (keep in mind that I live in a very small community where everyone knows everyone) told me that he knew that my ex had had sex with someone else. This hit me very hard. Probably a harsh wakeup call: My ex does not want me, and as looking for something better.


Since the breakup she has been adamant that we keep contact. Really wants us to be friends. We have hooked up once since the breakup. I asked if she wants us to be fwb. She initially said yes but recently wanted to break off that part of the relationship aswell. This makes me feel even less wanted. I feel replaced somehow ( By the guy who supposedly banged her ). I know that a fwb relationship is in no way exclusive. But I guess that my thoughts made me hopeful. 


My realization is that it does not matter if what my friend said is true. The mere thought of my ex being with someone else just crushes me to the core. I honestly thought this was the girl I would spent my life with. She even said so herself. Out of nowhere she wants me to be just a friend.


I am not sure what the point of this post is. I guess I am just looking to vent. I for sire don't want sympathy points. Even if that is contradictory to the sub I am posting on since I really feel like there is no point in going on. I thought this girl was my future but now it is all gone.


I am sorry if there are typos and the like. I have been drinking quite a lot. I have tried proofreading a few times.