I feel ashamed but breakup really is triggering me.I've had a history of having really bad boyfriends who I thought were great guys. Never been into outright douche bags or bad boys. Most of them over time though definitely seemed like Narcs. My father is a Malignant Narc. I took years to work on myself to not be baggage in a relationship or attract another Narc. My past relationships damaged me so bad I tried to make myself look unappealing. I also had shut down on being able to socialize. It affects me to this day. When I felt finally over it all I had accepted that I'd probably spend forever by myself. I planned to stay alive to enjoy some freedom then take my own life before I would be growing elderly all alone. I did just that for about 6 years. My latest relationship my ex seems like an HPD. He chased me so hardcore. I am having a very hard time coping from the emotional dramas-- more than a woman!! I shook thinking what would happen each day. I started pulling away from friends too because either they wanted to just flirt or their viewpoints on regular life topics are so extreme I felt grossed out. I decided for now to just stop talking to all but 3 friends, I deleted anything social. I feel absolutely terrified I'm going to attract more people like my exes in my life. Its also hard for me to make friends that enjoy things that I do because I'm a big ole' girly girl nerd. My ex thinks he did no wrong but he attacked me in his actions so badly I really just want to die. I even told him to stop post breakup because suicide where he is pushing me towards. I've felt suicidal for a long time-- in short I've had a very hard life. I struggled hard to try to overcome. I don't want to leave my wonderful non Narc parent by themselves with my Narc parent who is gravely ill who I have to take care of. I have no where to go. Narc parent fucked us over hard. Can't reach out to family either. I have medical issues myself- non mentally but I definitely have all the symptoms of Depression so I guess that doesn't count. I've been homeless before. I can't do that again. I tried to make this as lighthearted as I could but I genuinely don't want to try anymore. He really triggered me hard. I am really ready to go.