Not entirely suicidal yet, but I’ve been considering.Don’t know if anybody is going to read this, but regardless I feel like I need to get this off my chest.

Since this pandemic has occurred it has been very difficult for me to function as I normally do, meaning that I’m not recognizing myself anymore and this is seriously disturbing me.

Back when everything was normal, I had no concerns in particular and it felt like I was finally accomplishing the things that I always wanted to achieve my entire life, but suddenly when the virus started to circulate around the globe I was starting to have a lot of internal thoughts which which eventually resulted into depressive and suicidal thoughts, but so far I have only been contemplating but I haven’t considered to actually commit suicide, but I was surely tempted. 

However, one thing I noticed is that I barely have the ability to think clearly, everything I say seems to be senseless or has no important subject matter whatsoever, and since my speech is not as compelling as it initially was it throws people off and usually they do not understand what I’m trying to explain.

Also when I get unexpected questions I tend to black out completely, as I cannot respond to simple questions anymore. This is the first time that I have encountered such problems, unless I’m interacting with a person who doesn’t share the same interests/does not really contribute to the conversation I have no problems in terms of communication, but this has drastically changed since the corona epidemic has started.

Another noticeable problem was that I easily got overwhelmed by everything, to the point where I would remain in bed for several weeks. I cannot function like I normally do, at some points writing paragraphs like these can be quite challenging for me when I do this almost every week. It just feels like my brain is not able to function anymore... sometimes I feel lost and demented... and at other days I tend to be extremely productive.. so you can imagine how frustrating that is for me, to not have a conventional pattern anymore.. just unable to maintain my consistency.

Due to the isolations and the amount of questions that I had regarding my health, I started to do a lot or research to see if any of the symptoms I’m experiencing correlate to a specific diagnosis, but there were too many results which means that it wouldn’t be reliable. Meanwhile I still wanted to have answers why I suddenly was so challenged by everything that I do in my daily life so I demanded more answers.

I stumbled across a document which had a lot of clarifications regarding academic performance as a child, once I was reading it I had a sudden “realization” that this might be the answer to all my problems. It stated that I had several examinations as a child and that they have diagnosed a couple disorders, but frankly these were only estimations and it contained assumptions since they were observing me. This why I thought that it might not apply to today’s circumstances, but then again they made these estimations and observations for a reason. 

When I was reading more of the file I also came across a section about my academic life, declaring that I have been transferred to two special education institutions because of “ADHD or autism”. This was one of the things that caught my attention in particular because I immediately assumed that this is the evidence that I’m technically “mentally challenged”, according to the file I have an IQ of 68 and that basically entails that I could not have the future that I have envisioned for myself and it also means that I should think about my career choices (and I probably have to quit with my studies).
I was mortified and devastated ever since I read that document, it made me doubt myself even more and I am more observant of myself (critical in a self destructive way).

Some things were starting to look so bright until I had to make that stupid discovery regarding my past, I was dating a guy for approximately a half year and we established a great connection. However he is a university student and I am currently in an “MBO school” (just Google it if you don’t understand what it is) but it basically is a school you attend after high school/middle school and it’s a second option besides uni. 

But ever since I saw that my IQ was 68, I thought it wouldn’t be reasonable to date a guy that is attending university and supposedly happens to be an aspired lawyer, and a sales associate with an IQ of 68? That could never be compatible! We haven’t talked ever since this entire debacle and I feel really guilty, but if he only understood what I am going through during this abnormal time..

Can you imagine how this has affected my self esteem and the ability to rely on myself? Everything I do is questionable at this point, whether I’m writing something for my blog I feel like an imposter even though I do not even glance at other sites when I’m writing narratives, whenever I say something in a “intelligent” way I assume it must be an coincidence or that someone is controlling my soul. In conclusion this is very frustrating because I have days where I come off as an “sophisticated person” and then there are days where I seem to be a mentally challenged weirdo. I mean I wouldn’t mind if I was but at least I would like to know.

It feels like my mind is playing a game with me and it’s not amusing at all, my friends suspect that it might be depression or depersonalization since they doubt that I have any intellectual problems. But I doubt this since I always had complaints regarding my behavior and the fact that I don’t tend to solve problems appropriately in a working environment/ at internship so this has traumatized me as well.

This makes life seem like a simulation and not an actual authentic life, or perhaps the devil is fucking with my head who knows. But it makes my life extremely unbearable and it’s ruining my future and my relationships (specifically the romantic ones but also friendships) is there anyone who is experiencing anything that is even remotely comparable with my situation? Just let me know..

My apologies if this was way too long and my sincere apologies for my atrocious English, as I confessed before I’m not so smart.