I'm at a loss.I made this account purely as a cry for help. Hence the throwaway name. None of my friends or family know I am suicidal. And I'm sorry if this is kinda everywhere, I'm trying. 
I am the one who puts on the fake smile and lies through their teeth about how they feel. I feel I was put here to better others, and not myself. I've been treated this way my entire life, that I'm worthless and only wanted when I can help someone. I'm bad at the things I love, mainly video gaming, I have no work ethic anymore, and I used to try so hard. I get treated like a garbage employee so why do I try anymore.  
Last year my best friend killed herself. I vowed I'd never make someone else feel the way I did when I lost her. But the last few months I'm beginning to see what she was feeling. I'm beginning to feel the claustrophobia of being depressed alone and worthless. I don't know who I am and why I'm here. I wear my heart on my sleeve and I constantly am used for it and tossed aside, but the people who do this to me know I'll return anyways. I'm a glutton for punishment. 
I'm gay and living in a town that showed it's not okay. I hate who I am. I hate being gay. And I've heard everything in the book that I should "love myself and it's okay to be gay" I don't think it is. It's like someone switch my life on to hard mode with no resets. I wish I could be normal and straight. 

I'm 21 years old, and I have a large bald spot on the back of my head. My teeth yellowed by 6 years of smoking, something that truly helps the pain for a little while. And I'm 100 pounds to fat. I hate my body and I'm ugly. Who could love a guy like me? 

I work two jobs and I live with my mother. and I hate one of them but my mother has struck fear into my heart. That I'm a fuck up if I quit that job. It pays more. I'm required to work there. I'm scared to disobey her. I'm scared of being a failure. Even though I know I am one. 

I crave intimacy. I crave it to the point where if I get a long hug from a guy I'll start to feel aroused. I'm a sick freak. 

My fathers an alcoholic, and I hate him for all the pain and suffering he's caused me my entire life. But I can see shreds of him in me. I want to drink myself to death. My dad is right about one thing, Drinking numbs the pain. 

I want to die. Because I'm tired of only living for those around me. And I can't find a fucking reason to stay alive for myself. I hate who I am. I hate who I am so much. And I cannot fix me. 