Can someone please help me?Long story short, I'm in the us military reserves, hate my life and every time I need to go to work for the military. I suffer from extreme anxiety, depression, compulsions and extremely frequent suicidal thoughts that will not stop coming and at this point I am genuinely considering suicide as a way out. Or at the very least self harm so that I am forced to get help and that other people are forced to help me. I tried to get help recently through the military but the help I received was useless and I was not offered any further help that I actually need (medication, mainly, just need more help than just talk therapy).

Most of my depression is just general and extremely debilitating every day of my life, my anxiety is almost 100% military focused and every time I need to go back to work for them I really just want to and try to talk myself up to self harm and/or suicide every time. It causes me extreme distress to go there because the military expectations that I am supposed to maintain over time are impossible for me to maintain because of my depression that I can't currently afford to treat money wise until next year so I fear the repercussions of not maintaining standards and would rather die than go report to them. Everything has suffered because of my issues, class work for college is always behind as well because I can hardly ever pull myself out of bed. I have also turned to drugs to alleviate symptoms of my mental health issues but that only makes them worse so far. 

I gotta go to work tomorrow and have standards to show them I have been maintaining that I haven't, all month I have hardly been able to pull myself out of bed. I am strongly considering self harm and maybe even suicide right now, but somehow I don't think I'll be balsy enough to flat out kill myself tonight. I may very well end up cutting though since that seems to be the only relief available to me. 

So not long story short really, I'm really mentally ill and I am incapable of getting help because of money/not wanting being put in a mental ward to be on my record my whole life and keeping me from getting any jobs and the fact that if my drug abuse got out I would get stuck with a felony by the military. I am actually stuck with no way out and I just hate myself for getting myself into this in the first place, I don't know what to do, I'm really fucking desperate for a way out.