Heroes die young? But do I? How mentally ill do you think I am?"Heroes die young" is a quote that mother called Olympias told her son Alexander when he was young and indeed Alexander did become a hero but he also died relatively young at the age of 32. I'm not Alexander. I'm not a hero, nor do I have a mother called Olympias but I always knew as a kid I would die **young**. I was always the weird kid the one who was un ruling, the one who would get in a fight with his teachers, the one who wouldn't share the same opinions as the rest of the population, the quiet kid who would pick up bullies but beaten them up after school, the one who wasn't social and liked to be alone, the one who didn't date girls because he saw no point in it, the one who listened to Beethoven and Metallica at the same time, the atheist in the Vatican, the one who wouldn't drop a tear when someone died, the one who had no ambitions nor interest's in doing anything in his life while others were dreaming of becoming doctors, astronauts, politicians, athletes etc. I'm 18 year's old now with no plans for a long life. I'm going to finish high school in 2019 (if I don't fail any subject). I planned on going to university in some European countries, but that seems far-fetched since I probably don't have the grades nor financial resources for that kind of thing. I will try to, if I succeed then my life will probably go on for a couple of years more. If I don't get into university then I have no idea what will I do. I have scoliosis in my lower back, it's not severe (13°) but hurts like hell. There's really no fix for scoliosis and when I think of living for 50-60 years with every second feeling pain I want to end it instantly. My mother had a tumor (she wouldn't talk about it with me.) so she had to give birth and well I ended up with having 17 year's younger brother. My parents are concentrated on him now, and that's good since my death will not have the same impact of losing the only son as it would a year ago. I had a plan of finishing university, getting a job and working till I'm psychologically able, raising some small credit then quitting job, saying goodbye to my family and going to some place where I would waste it partying, then find some nice isolated place where I would drink venom and end my life but nothing goes to plan, right? Any recommendations? If you read the whole text then thank you very much.