I feel cheatedMy whole life feels like a lie. I've been on a path of "self-discovery" for the past few months, and everything I've learned about myself has made me feel more and more like I only bring grief into the world and contribute nothing positive. Today was another day of discovery: I did some research and am now almost positive that I have an undiagnosed disability that has been the root of almost every single one of my mental illnesses. (I've thought I _might_ have had it for a few years now, though)

I grew up thinking I was just like everyone else, just a little weird. I also grew up with the constant anxiety that my parents were hiding a diagnosis from me (my dad does stupid shit just to be controlling). I've wasted YEARS on therapists treating me for things I do have, but are not the root of the issue. 

I feel absolutely cheated out of 20 years of my life. I've spent years wondering "why does nobody like me? Why can't I make friends? Why is therapy not working?" The answer was right in front of fucking _everyone's_ face the whole time, including mine, and I've wasted years worrying, self harming, and lashing out because I blamed myself wholeheartedly for how people reacted to me just being there. 

 I know just how little I mean to most people in my life. My brother got a new job and told me that I would end up mooching off of him if he told me his salary, even though I'm in college and am almost completely supporting myself, and my parents paid for almost everything when he went to (a very expensive) university. 

Why couldn't I even be given a decent shot at life? I already had a grocery list of mental illnesses and now this whole thing just blew up. I always thought "it's ok! One day, this will be far in the past and you'll finally be able to lead a normal life." Now I know that's impossible. I will never recover. This will be with me my whole life. I will die knowing that I can't change this part of myself no matter how many years of therapy I do, no matter how many inpatient facilities I'm admitted to, no matter how hard I try, and that almost everyone else on earth had a completely different life experience than me. 

I don't think I'll be able to deal with this much longer. I'm exhausted. Nothing brings me joy anymore. My entire future has changed. 

If you read this all, thank you.