I'm not a man, and I never will be.I'm supposedly successful. I got lucky and got a job in software early on in my life. I sort of learned the ropes internally and managed to forge a modestly comfortable life.

Then I got sick. I don't know what happened. None of the doctors know what's happening. I'm at the best university hospital in this hemisphere and there are still tests to run, but it's not looking hopeful at all. I can barely stand up, let alone make it to the office. Attempts to symptomatically medicate have made it worse.

I have a wife. She married me at the height of my 'success'. Both she and her family were quite happy with the life I was able to afford for us. It was incredibly fulfilling.

But now I can't work. I left my job a few months ago, but I haven't told any of my family. From their eyes, I'm still healthy, if a bit pushed-around by 'whatever weird anxiety thing he has'. 

I've fucking tried everything. Every little piece of health-related advice you could throw at me I've tried. I'm not exaggerating in the least. EVERYTHING.

The life I set us up with is now a lie. I can't support us anymore and it will become financially obvious very soon. I can't take care of myself. My room is a mess. My car is dirty. I can't cook for myself. I can't really do anything except sit in bed and read or sit on the computer and try to come up with some way to lottery out with what little energy I have left.

I'm not a man. A man can take care of his family, he can push through illness and make things work. He doesn't rely on others. He doesn't plead for help on his weak knees. I'm failing, and it's a systematic failure. Yes, I'm sick, but I was always a bit 'lazy'. I never had a good sense of money and I never was terribly responsible. I try but habits just don't form. The illness was just life's way of emphasizing my identity - I'm a worthless fuck-up.

I can't face what's coming to me and the supposedly selfish act of suicide simply looks logistically fair. I can't face this worsening illness. I can't face the disappointment of my wife and her family when I can't even tell them what the fuck is wrong, they'll just think I'm lazy and quitting and giving up. And they're not totally wrong. I can't face the materially empty future I'm doomed to without stupid luck. I'm not the kind of person who can get by on romantic happiness, like some wistful bard living from city-to-city without a care in the world or a hippie in a dirty commune. I'm a fucking rational human being. I need things, and I am unable to get them.

The strength of my urge to end things really peaked when I thought of this: relief from my suffering far out-values what I could potentially contribute to the world. How the fuck do I argue against that?