I just don't know what to do anymoreI want to preface this by saying I do ***NOT*** have a plan right now. If I did, I would go to the hospital. I've been through this before, so I know the drill. I also have not started self-harming again. 

Years ago I struggled with depression, and it culminated into me trying to OD. After staying in the hospital's psych ward, I was released and paired with an awesome psychiatrist who I have seen since. Things were good on my new meds (Prozac), and it was fine until the beginning of this month.

It started with just depression habits. Not eating (I've lost a little under 10 pounds in 3 weeks), lack of energy or motivation, all that. It's not that I don't want to eat, I'm just not hungry. I forced myself to eat a sandwich when it first started, but it didn't stay down long. I've just been occasionally snacking on crackers. I also have no motivation to work on my music. I have canceled all future gig bookings, but I have been attending the ones that were booked before all this happened. Honestly, it's one of the only times I forget about my troubles when I perform, but at home, I can't bring myself to work on music. I'll just sit in my little studio corner staring at the screen thinking "I'll never be good enough at this" and "Just give up and use your time on something else." It's an obligation at this point. 

Today it hit a peak. I was driving back from a gig, and I had the usual thoughts of being a burden to my friends and the fact nobody would miss me, but there was a new thought near the end. "If I turned the wheel right now I could end it. I could be free. I'd go right off the fucking median divider, and it'd all be over."

I'm terrified. I hadn't had a thought like that since before I was first committed. I have an emergency appointment with my psychiatrist on Wednesday and Tuesday I have one with a therapist at my college (if you are an enrolled student you have access to licensed therapists free of charge), but there's still tomorrow. I can't tell the school therapist about it too since they have to alert the "proper authorities" if I mention suicide, whatever that means. I'm over 18 and know the drill about involuntary commitment, so I'm assuming it's police.

I've talked to a friend about it kinda. She doesn't know all the details. I don't want to burden her with them. She knows my Reddit account which is why I'm using an old alt account.

I don't know what to do anymore. I just want to lay down in bed and sleep. I have shit to do though that I trudge through every day with a fake smile. I know I'm seeing a psychiatrist on Wednesday but three days seems like forever right now. I have given my gun to my father for the time being. I know suicide is an impulsive thing, and any barrier to something I can use is good. I told him to hold on to it for a few days while I clean out some stuff. He and nobody else in my family knows how I feel.  They can't. I'm stuck in my own mind until Wednesday. I just need to get this off my chest.

Edit: additional info, none of my friends besides that one knows what's going on. I've been pretty good about masking my emotional state, but I'm starting to looks physically different, probably due to the lack of food and sleep. My eyes have very pronounced bags under them and my face just looks kinda sagged. I've been telling people it's allergies. 