[NSFW] Embarrassing, superficial, helplessI’ve posted many times about this issue, but still can’t get over it. 

As a bisexual man, I’ve only ever had sexual experiences with men. I went from being near-incel pre-college to being... the complete opposite. At this point my friends are exasperated at hearing about my insecurities, when the other half of the time I’m stressing out over triple-booking myself for a Monday night. I’m getting eye rolls over complaining about “oh no, multiple people are interested in me at once, woe is me”. I’m keeping a tally and am halfway to 1000. It’s a struggle balancing an insanely high libido with a completely fractured self-image whose host is still miraculously alive. 

Im mostly over anorexia and body image issues. But this is being replaced by dick size insecurity. I’m 5.5”, which puts me right around average. I’ve done extensive research too into other options to increase that. Apps like Grindr are entirely dehumanizing platforms, but this is akin to me complaining while dumpster diving. I understand intellectually that no humanity or civility exists on there - I’ve had very racist things thrown against me, death threats, stalkers, etc. I understand also this isn’t the entire community, but it’s hard to see past that when it is so prominent. 

I’m very angry with the amount of size queens out there and how people who just happen to have been born bigger get all the attention and love. It’s almost as if no other quality exists beyond dick size. And I get it, because I understand the appeal. But I’m also not blocking and rejecting people purely based on size, to which I’ve experienced three times already just today. 

I hate being superficial and emphasizing this. I’m sick of sending out messages to 70 people, only for 2 to respond, 1 of which immediately blocks me due to size. I might not kill myself today, but I can’t ever see a way out of this. I generally cope by sleeping with anyone who’s interested in me, and often end up meeting with good people. But I’m stuck in an ironic vicious cycle. 

I’ve shot down any woman who ever expresses interest, because I don’t want to let her down ever and be with someone of average size. Honestly, fuck anyone who makes micropenis jokes. I’d hate to think I’d kill myself over this, but it keeps getting worse. I kind of wish I get murdered at my next hookup. I don’t care enough to use a throwaway at this point.