I am 23 year old guy with I dont know and i dont want anything sydromeHey. 

I am 23 year old, i have lived roughly 10% of my "live on your own life". I have no motivation i lost it, dont even know how and where do i got it before. 

Like most of people thst feels down i also was this "overly optimistic guy" i loved to be alive. But now i just dont know what frustrates me... i guess everything. I mess up everything. Just came back from working abroad , had saved roughly 5k euros, gambled it all not to make money but simply i had nothing to do. Took a loan 1.5k and gambled it also. I have a girlfriend that i live but in the same time i dont know for what i love her, or i am just addicted of her being around. She always complains about everythingbut i dont want to leave or dump her because that is her since the beginning she always have been like that and she is a true pedant for sure. We are in relationship for 5 years now.I feel like i have let down everyone that is around me. My parents (grandmother of 83 and disabled mother) I think that they have nothing to be pround about. 
I have quit my university on the last year of it,3(2.5) out of 4 years. Simply didnt want to go at all... i have study loan also 8k euros on me. I used to love thinking about opening my own businesses but never had the courage to start one altough i had and still have many "money making ideas".  But they stay being ideas. I loved to communicate with people but now i hate to just because i understood why i love to communicate - i loved whn people brags about me l literary was and am an attention whore just a guy. I am that because nobody gives any attention to me. But now i hate that about me. I hate that i have no character at all. I hate that i have no vision. Well i have a vision many visions but i know i am too big baby to pursue it. I dont want to quit(yet). But im afraid of it. Because every bad thing that has happaned to me i made it to happen myselve by thinking of it too much. Now i have this tought of suicide.  How can i fix my selve?

Funny that i once used to be that one that comforts many people when they are down. But now i think i have no-one.