Failure after FailureLet me start by saying this isn't a suicide note. I'll leave a hard copy of that when I'm ready.

There's so many things in my head right now and I just want to document them. I'm sure it seems like attention seeking behavior, and to some degree I'm sure it is, but I just want SOMEONE to know exactly why, even if they're a million miles way and have to connection to me, my life, etc.

I made an attempt this morning around 6am, and failed. I woke up in the same position I fell in. I couldn't talk, couldn't walk. I took a handful of pills this morning with some Bacardi, left a note, said goodbye to my dog, then blacked out.
I woke up at about 8pm. I feel like shit. I thought I had done everything right.

My phone hadn't gone off all day. Not one call, not one text. No one had noticed I was gone, even temporarily.

I feel like I've hit rock bottom, and honestly, suicide is the only comforting thing I have left to hold onto. At least there's a way out, a sort of relief.

I'm almost 27, and I am such a financial, physical, emotional, and mental burden on the only 2 people that I have left in my life. One of them actually made the comment about me dragging them down, and that they deserved better than myself. And as much as it hurt, I agree. 

I don't think me "leaving" will realistically even affect too many people. I'm sure some will pull the whole "Oh we were friends in highschool! She was so happy! What could I have done differently?", but that's a crock of shit. If reincarnation is a thing, I'm coming back and shitting on every single prick to makes a "woe is me" status about my suicide. You didn't care then, why now? Bastards.

Anyway, I'm just exhausted. I had my car re-possessed. I have no money, no family. No sign(s) of anything positive happening any time soon. I'm not blaming anyone but myself. I often say, I wish there was a restart/reset button for life. It's been 11 years of struggling with depression, anxiety, countless medications. I'm just done. And as sick as it sounds, I'm even angrier at myself for failing (yet again).

Thank you for your time.