Feeling lost with no where to turnI went crazy at my last job, I nearly ruined everything with a drug and alcohol problem. I quit before it got me in too much trouble. I moved home to try to heal and get better, but its been a year and I'm still in the exact same place. I went into therapy, and liked my therapist for a while until she stopped trying. Things got weird with her. She kept changing the subject and talk about random shit when I would talk about my problems. She also enabled me, encouraged me to smoke weed and everything. It was crazy, so I left her. 

I went to a partial hospitalization treatment center for 3 weeks and it was awful. I was there 6 hours a day and therapy was nonexistent. I usually don't like calling out incompetency but thats what it was. I wasted my money on 3 weeks of copays for nothing. When I left, I got a job and submitted an application for graduate school, I was feeling good. Then the job didn't work out. It was awful. They threw me to the wolves before I had adequate training and blamed me when I told them I didn't feel comfortable or ready to do things on my own. I vomited from anxiety before and after every shift. So I quit and I fell apart again. 

I'm trying to find another job. My money is running low and its driving me crazy. I'm going to have to completely rely on loans and my parents if I go to school because I'll have nothing left by then. I live in a shitty area where theres barely any jobs so it been rough. 

I still am a mess. I need help. I think about suicide all the time. I hate myself for all the horrible decisions I've made. Seems like I am incapable of doing anything right. I am afraid to ask for help again. I'm afraid that I'll waste my time and money again on another shitty program. I really have no idea what to do. 

I've just been smoking weed and watching TV for the past week. I don't even know where to turn. My parents tell me to get help but I don't even know how to get it. Mental health care around here really sucks. And I don't have much money and I don't have anywhere else to go. 

I post on here a lot but rarely ever get responses. I don't even know why I do it. Its not like anyone can help me. My friends and family can't help me. I'm just sleepwalking at this point. Sometimes my life doesn't feel real. Like I'm living in a dream. I can't handle it if something doesn't work out soon. I'm really afraid I'll try to hurt myself.