This seems plausible (sorry for wall of text)First off, let me just say that I'm not sure I want to kill myself so much as I want my life to change.  That being said, I'm not sure how to change my life, or even what I really want.  Therefore, suicide seems like an attractive option.

About 2 months ago, I moved cities for the first time in my life after graduating from college (I went to college in my home town).  My life just seems so different now.  I'm not struggling too bad making friends, but I still feel out of place.  Like, not having that strong foundation of friends is killing me on the inside.

Side note before I go further, I moved for a job out of college in my field that pays pretty well.  However, I don't particularly care for it and I'm depressed most of the day.  During the day, I think about suicide pretty often instead of working.

Anyway, the thing that might be bothering me a lot is that I feel like I've been struggling with girls in the new city.  I don't necessarily want a girlfriend because I know that I'd still feel the exact same way if I had one.  In my old city, I didn't have one but I had female friends that I had strong relationships with.  Some of which I occasionally hooked up with.  But what I really miss right now is that feeling of affection that I don't have down here.  Worst is that I just don't have the same confidence that I had in my old city.

Let me give you an example.  There's a girl at my work.  She's got this reputation for being rather slutty (she's supposedly hooked up with multiple guys in the office), but that never bothered me about someone.  She's a super sweet girl.  I'm not sure if I subconsciously want to hook up with her, but I do know that want to be friends with her outside of work.  I miss having female friends I can cuddle with.  I feel like however that I'm getting mixed signals from her.  She'll talk with me for extensive conversations but she doesn't seem to want to see me outside of work.  I know there could be a million reasons for this, but I can't help but think that I'm just pathetic in this new city.

My thoughts lately have been "I'm pathetic, I'm a failure, I'm not a proper human being, I'm a lower class man, I don't deserve anything, etc."  I feel like I need other people in my life to make me happy.  What kind of life is that?  It's a shitty one and I don't deserve this world if that's the case with me.

I'm considering committing suicide in 2 weeks from now at the earliest.  Maybe I'll wait a bit longer to see how my baseball team finishes their season.  I understand that this might not be rational and my life isn't that bad.  But I just feel so out of place in this new city.  I want things to change, even though I'm not sure what.  Honestly, suicide seems like a plausible cause of death for me anyway.