I think, I'm quite ready to go.I write this post, mainly as a means to put my mind to paper as it were. I'm not seeking answers, nor am I asking for help. Because, as you'll read, I am at peace with the idea of my own end.

Where to begin? Well, not 5 days ago, I had to say good bye to my canine best friend. He was the most kind hearted, accepting and cheerful soul you could ever hope to meet. And he had character by spade full. You could never be unhappy with his presence in the room. It was his gift to everyone. And I will miss him greatly.

Losing your closest friend would be distressing enough, but I wasn't able to be there for my chap in his last moments due to being tied to my new job which only after a few days I hate. I really don't like it there. I dislike the hours, I don't like the people I work with, I abhor the inhumanity of the place. You are just a contractually obliged number. Including commuting I'm effectively dedicating 15 hours a day to working and my fibromyalgia isn't happy about it. Yet I've asked for meetings to discuss this that have swiftly been ignored.

Dead dog, crappy job. I'm really fulfilling my clichè quota aren't I?

Well, as turns out, I'm having relationship problems too. I am in a long term, long distance relationship. And cracks are showing now, I'm sure I have my part to play in the problems we're having, but my GF has pretty severe OCD and is heavily drinking wine to cope with anxiety. Which is making things difficult when to comes to talking on the phone. For example, when I spoke to her yesterday, she said I sounded down and wanted to know how she could help. I was in a complicated mind at the time and I tried to explain how I was feeling, but she didn't try to understand and simply said "Well I'm dealing with my own stuff too". Thanks darling. Very empathetic and supportive of you.

So really, this has been the last week of my life. And, to honest, situations like this seem to be par for the course at any given moment in my life. I'm not going to write my life's history, but suffice it to say that my life's experiences could be summed up as "one massive head fuck".

So, as I write, I am resolved to put an end to my life. But why? It's only a phase! Things are darkest before the dawn! You won't always feel this way! 

I've heard it all before. Platitudes and pleasant words. Oh, I don't doubt the sincerity of the intent. But really, these words don't mean anything. When a stranger says to me I have so much to live for, how do they know? How does anyone know?

I will be as honest as I can be now. I will speak my innermost thoughts. For the longest time, I have not known joy. Or excitement nor have I experienced any strong positive emotion. I look upon the circumstances of the world around me and do not see anything wholesome or good. We are born without permission into a world that is self interested and demands everything you have to give. You're logged and stamped before your first breath.

For many of us we have few ambitions. We just want a roof over our heads, food on the table and the ability to carry out the things in life that give us meaning in as relative peace as possible. But, society says no. You MUST work! You MUST contribute! Your happiness is irrelevant. My happiness is irrelevant. If you do not contribute, you are worthless. A drain on society.

So I no longer want to play the game. Why do I want to live at all, when all I seem to do is work to pay to survive and to be ignored and invalidated for having emotions outside of the societal norms.

My plan is in place. This time in a few days, with luck. I have been successful. I will not be here. Don't be alarmed. Do not be sad. Understand that I did not take my life in distress. I took it calmly and with dignity. I'm not sad. And I will embrace the long sleep as my indentured slavery to society has been lifted.

Peace at last, is coming.