Confused and upset with my lifeI created a separate account for this in fear someone I know might read it. Anyway, this is probably going to be a long post, but here goes.

My parents divorced before I turned the age of 1. My father never followed through with anything he said and blew all the money he ever had. (He amassed a large amount from his parents) He is now broke and living off of each pay check with little to no money for things other than essentials. I went to a therapist for about two years to cope with the stress my father put on me. We had the average arrangement, ever other weekend visits and a day during the week, but those quickly ended. After I turned about 8 I stopped going. I truly hate my father. I always have, ever since I was a kid I never wanted to see him, but my mother forced me too. He never thought about me or my sister when we were younger so he slowly slipped out of our lives. Lately he's been trying to talk to us and tell us how sorry he is, but after years and years of him not being around, it just seems easier this way. 



I grew up with with a good family, lots of relatives and everyone got along pretty well. Except I always felt out of place. All my cousins were smart,fit,good looking, etc. I was always overweight, not obese, but surely heavier than normal. I have pretty much no confidence in myself, and I don't really see the purpose of me even living. As hard as a try I can't lose weight, I have "friends" but even they ridicule me because of my weight, calling me all sorts of names. I have no motivation to do anything, there have been days where I would wake up, and only leave my bed to use the bathroom. I wouldn't eat or drink the entire day. Just lay there and do nothing. I don't know what's wrong with me, but I know it's because of my childhood and my father. Just thinking about him angers me to the point where I want to break something, or harm myself. I have never 'self harmed' except for the only time I can remember. I was in the fourth or fifth grade, and I got home one day and was really upset, not for any particular reason though, and I took a scissor and tried cutting my self, but I didn't break any skin, It only made scratches.



 My mother knows nothing, she thinks I'm happy because I play it off like I am. No one knows how horrible I feel all the time. Some days I feel happy, but then I just get upset for no reason. I've also got anger problems. If someone so much as looks at me funny, I'll get really mad. I've only lost my temper once though. I can usually try to contain my self just because of the fear of what other people will think about me if I explode. The only time I've ever 'lost it' was one day when I was 15 during a field trip. I was standing in line waiting to get on the bus when I teacher pushed his way through and bumped in to me. Instead of saying excuse me, he tells me to "get out of his way". I got extremely angry and swore multiple times before my principle came over and pulled me aside. I most likely would have hit him had the principle not pulled me over.



It's just really hard dealing with all of this and I don't know where to turn. I don't want to tell my mom because I'm afraid of how she might react. My schools guidance counselors are no good either. I can't go to a therapist/shrink because I have no money, or transportation. The only way I cope is by beating my self up over it. Whenever anything happens I blame myself which only makes me more upset. I've tried to use pills to OD, but stopped after the 2nd pill because I'm too much of a coward to do it. I've tried smoking weed, which only helped me temporarily. I've almost done heroin, but needles make me cringe so I couldn't do it. I just want a way for all of this to end and I can't see any other way out. I want to kill myself, but I don't know when or how. I can't imagine myself as an adult with a job or a family in fear that I'll mess everything up just as my father did. I just need someone to talk to, I just want help.