living for one personA few months ago I nearly committed suicide. I had planned it for several months beforehand - letter was written to my wife, I'd sorted out everything in terms of financials so I knew she would be ok without me, catalogued everything, even had a clear out of my possessions and clothes. I'd worked out exactly where I was going to do it, when, how, had an email on delay set to go to a family friend who was to be my point of contact. Written a will, everything I could think of. I went to work with a tow rope and knife in my bag instead of my lunch. Even skipped breakfast so I wouldn't have too much in my intestines.

I got to about an hour before I was going to set off and I went to the bathroom and ended up just breaking down in tears in the cubicle. When I got back to my desk my wife had called. I called her back and she said she was worried about me and wanted to check on me. I broke down in tears again but didn't tell her my plan. Anyway, I hung on and gave myself something to do for 5 minutes, then another 5 minutes and just worked through the day until I got to leave work. When I got home I told my wife I'd written a suicide note. Next day I went to the doctor who referred me to the psychiatric nurse who, although very kind, couldn't do much to help there and then. I've been seeing a councillor for a couple of months since and that has helped a bit.

This isn't the first time I've got very close to taking my life. A few years ago I got to pretty much the same stage. I've been on meds for several years and had counciling before too. 

&amp;#x200B;

So I have worked out one key issue lately with the councillor - I've been pushing my sister in law away, been very distant from her, won't talk to her or interact with her at all. I've not really understood why - I thought it was abandonment issues because she was looking like she was getting serious with her boyfriend and would move away. (I have abandonment issues - so this wouldn't be anything too surprising, but it just didn't seem to fit.)

It turned out I was grieving. My mother got pregnant when I was 6 and told me it would be a girl, but she was likely to be disabled, so I would need to be a big protective brother who looked after her and cared for her. I got really excited about this, told all my friends at school, everyone made plans, these were happy times. Then she suffered a miscarriage and it was never mentioned. She came home from hospital, went to her bedroom for a couple of days to recover, I don't remember being able to see her, then everything was back to normal as before.

Just after we got married my mother in law had an affair with a friend of her husband and basically had a bit of a breakdown. Her 2 youngest children, a girl about 9 and boy 5, were being left neglected and alone and around a lot of violence, so we took them in and looked after them. This continued for about 6-7 years on and off. I grew to love them both like they were my own, and I especially doted on the girl, my sister in law.

A couple of years after this my wife needed to have a hysterectomy so our chance of having our own children was taken away. I had always dreamed of having a little girl of my own.

A couple of years after this we were contacted by a family friend who knew of a couple of China who were here on a work visa that was just about to expire. They had a child and were just about to have another one (this was when China only allowed one child per family) and they wanted someone to adopt it. We agreed, started all the process, made plans, the mother went into labour and as is normal in her culture she spent 7 days alone with the child. During that time she bonded completely and decided she couldn't give it up. So they devised a plan to get it into the country where it would live with relatives. It was a little girl.

So, I discovered that since I was 6 I have had this want/need/urge to be a big protective brother/dad to a little girl, and the only person I've ever had, or ever will get to be that to, is my sister in law. And I have built my unborn sister, unborn daughter and unadopted daughter on her. And now she's grown up, independent, looking for a relationship and in my mind, threatening to take away all those unfulfilled relationships from me when she goes. And I resented her for it. She had given me something no one else gave me, and I'm incredibly grateful for it now I see it, but now she's taking it away.

I've made efforts to fix our relationship, which I guess I hoped naively would be as easy as apologising and it'd be ok. Obviously it wasn't that easy, but I'm working on it. Of course this doesn't mean she isn't going to leave at some point, and I don't know how to cope with that.

Throughout my life I seem to hurt the people I love the most.  I hurt\* my girlfriend, let her down when she needed me the most. I've hurt my wife, broken her trust and disrespected her. I've hurt my sister in law, pushed her away for hurting me when she had done nothing. I don't love a lot of people. I don't have a relationship with my family, haven't spoken to my brother or sister in years, speak to my parents occasionally but I find them toxic, so avoid contact with them. I don't have any close friends, they all seem to move away or break contact with me. All I have is my wife and my sister in law. (\*just to clarify, I mean emotionally, not in any way physically, not that that makes it ok of course.)

I don't believe anyone that tells me they love me, except my wife. I just see it as fake, being polite, trying to seem like they care because they feel that's the right thing to do. Making an effort for the sake of my wife whom they really love.

My wife is amazing - she has been through so much in her life - I am in awe of her every day. She is an incredibly strong person who I feel privileged just to know. I know she loves me, but I also know she doesn't trust me and that I have hurt her badly and I see continually how she struggles with my moods and behaviour, trying to sort things out for me and smooth things out when I say something wrong to someone or have to cancel something because I can't cope with it, and I see it wear her down and slowly crush her. I can't stand seeing what I'm doing to her.

She has told me emphatically she wouldn't be able to cope without me and made me promise not to do anything. But every day I see the struggles I cause her. How can I rationalise that it is kind of me to continue to put her through that?

Even if I can fix things with my sister in law, at some point she will go and I'll just have one person in my life that I love, and that person I am killing a little each day. 

So how can I continue to live for just one person? Is that fair on her or me? I'm convinced she would be better off without me in the long run. I feel she flourishes when she is out with her friends away from me. That she always has more fun away from me. Anybody else - I don't think anyone else would care or be affected if I wasn't here.

Should I continue just because I made a promise to my wife which I feel she felt she had to demand for the sake of morality?