I wrote a noteI'm ready to do this tonight. I'm going to hang myself. I'm tired of living in pain. I can't recover from the abuse. My head aches because I don't remember what happened to me. I've become a bitter person, twisted by anger and resentment. It would be kinder for me to die than continue living in pain. I'm homeless and I live in a bad part of town, living paycheck to paycheck just to eat and stay alive. I didn't have the energy to go to work today because I was triggered by my brother texting me. I was abused by both my parents and an older brother. The family didn't care or believe me and discarded me the first chance they got. They only want me back to abuse me again. None of my "friends" know the truth and I'm alone. My first name gives me pain because it reminds me of being in that world again. I wake up with nightmares and an aching head or I'm just numb, consumed with self-loathing. I can't buy alcohol because I lost my ID, but I self-harmed this week and sometimes it's the only relief I get. I'm completely alone. I know so many people have been through worse and recovered or are still going but I'm just week. I've lost all opportunities to build a life. All I wanted to do was live in relative safety with a pet, but there are men shouting outside my door, staring at me in the street. I've been sexually assaulted and a victim of crime. I didn't say anything and remain trapped in my head. Every time I believe my life will get better because I'm further away from "home" it gets worse. I'm a broken child, who can't survive here and rather get raped or die with meth addicts and tweakers or whatever in the street I'd rather just end life on my own terms. No one will miss me because no one will care. I can't remember my story, so I can't articulate it to others so I suffer in silence. I tried to take anti-depressants but it just made me more angry and numb. I was forced on drugs so they could cover up what they did. They called me "crazy" and screamed at me every night. I go back there in my dreams. I'm sorry I'm weak. I just want to rest.  