Just a few more monthsNot sure if I'm posting in the right subreddit, but I wanted to get this off my chest somewhere no one I know would see. 

I'm planning on ending it all in a few months. It's gotten too hard for me, I really can't do this anymore. I'm planning on saving up as much money as I can before I go, so at least I'll be useful to my mum for once.

I'm not interested in sharing my backstory rn, it feels irrelevant to the current situation.  I'm not writing to atone for my sins either, but getting this off my chest felt necessary. 

The final day is coming up soon, and I haven't done much in life. 

I barely traveled or done anything interesting. It's a shame. 
There's still so many places I'd like to visit, food I'd like to eat, languages I wanted to learn, art and personal projects I wanted to work on. 

The thought used to scare me, even though I have dealt with suicidal thoughts from a pretty young age. But lately, it only brings me calm and serenity.  I'm sure this is the right path for me.

I wanted to see my little brother grow up and finally go to school. I wanted to see my little sister become the amazing woman I'm sure she'll be. I wanted to know how my big brother's life will turn out, him being the dumbass that he is. I wanted to help my mum have a better life, like she helped me during all those years. But sadly I'll be an embarrassment to them until the end.

I just want to stop being evil and being a burden on my family. Most of all, I'd like to get rid of all the weird thoughts and urges I get. If my family knew some of what goes on in my head, they'd want me dead too.

 Hurting myself is no biggie, but I'd rather go before risking hurting anyone I love. I wouldn't be able to live with it anyway.

Now, my only regret would probably be the fact that I never really had a real friend. I had lots of acquaintances, lots of buddies, but no one I could be myself and open about this kind of things to. I had only one good friend in my life but I fucked it up by being my toxic self. And my closest friend as of now, accepted and said his goodbye to me in the span of 30 mins. After years of friendship lol
I'm not mad though, if he had said otherwise I would've probably argued. 

Still, it's a shame I never had anyone to talk to without restrictions or without feeling the fear of being judged... ooor my anxiety and bpd making me unable to form deep connections with anyone. 

Anyway, I'm getting tired by the second so I'll probably stop here.

I'm not looking for anyone to convince me otherwise, just for people to listen. Thanks to anyone who will have taken the time to read this. I appreciate it.