Not sure I can do this anymore. Maybe tonight is the night for me.Im so tired of continuing on. I get up sometime in the morning, i go to the chemist to pick up my medication, I go home and thats it. That is my life. I have no family, I have no friends. I can go weeks without actually talking to anyone. On occassions if someone has asked me a question, say at the chemist, my voice doesnt want to work cos its not used to being used. How pathetic is that for a life. Today walking to the chemist i was looking around me, which was unusual cos i normally just keep my head to the ground to avoid looking at anyone or any kind of social contact. Ive been dealing with some shit lately, notably my Psychiatrist that has made the decision to suicide alot easier for me. In the 2yrs ive had to see him, I dont think he knows one thing about me. Hes never made any attempt to get to know me either cos as a Psychiatrist your just a number i guess. I was first diagnosed with childhood schizophrenia at 9yrs and over the years ive been in &amp; out of Psych hospitals. Some Drs ive seen have been incredible &amp; really helped me to understand my condition &amp; how to learn to live with it. About 2yrs ago i ended up with my current Dr (i see who im told to see in the public system). I only see him every 4mnths and not much is ever talked about at appts. Ive found him really difficult to understand. I can never make sense of what hes saying to me so that doesnt help.About 3mnths ago I ended up in hosp after an OD. A friend of mine had tried to get someone frm Mental Health to see me prior to me Oding but it never happened. He didnt know at the time that I had proceeded with an OD &amp; gone to hospt. He ended up ringing a friend who was a Dr in the hosp i happened to be at. So my friend was finally able to talk to me. My friend has had alot of probs with my mental health team esp over the last year. He said that they would never help him and when he was concerned about me and he tried to get them to contact me or help in anyway nothing would happen. When I ODed and he was talking to his friend who was a Dr at the hosp i was at with the OD, this Dr informed my friend that when the hosp contacted my mental health team, they were informed that my diagnosis on their records was Factitous disorder. At first i didnt know what that meant until my friend explained it to me. It meant my Psychiatrist thought i was a fake and that i didnt have Scizophrenia. I was absolutely in shock. Id been under Psychiatrists since i was 9yrs old and up until 5yrs ago continued to be treated for Schizohrenia and diagnosed as such (im 48 now). Now all of a sudden Im apparently not Schizophrenic? My friend, who ive known since my teens,who has also been present at many Drs meetings over the years was so angry at my new psychiatrist. He blames him for my OD and said the reason noone in mental health would help him was because of the diagnosis he had given [me.My](https://me.My) whole life has been turned upside down. I was in the process of taking a man to court for rape when i was a child, now that wont go ahead as they look at your medical records which will now say Im a liar &amp; a fake. He will walk free. This Dr has ruined me. Why would he do this to me?I dont want to go on anymore.