I think I need help.I really need to vent a bit.. and.. well, considering the subject matter and just how terrible I am feeling, and the thoughts that are going through my head at the moment, I figured this would likely be the best place for me.

My mom has cancer. She's going to die very soon, she can hardly speak anymore. She's been slowly dying to the cancer for a few years now, but she is very near the end now. When I was 17 years old, I took care of my father as he died of cancer, and now that my mom is nearing the end it's bringing back a lot of those memories, things I really wish I didn't remember. I'm 26 now and it just seems worse. Maybe I was stronger when I was 17, or maybe I just didn't realize how permanent death was back then. I still have dreams about my father and I miss him terribly. Maybe a decade of missing my parent made me realize just how much losing my other parent is going to hurt and I'm just dreading  it.. I don't know.

The really tough part is that her mind is going, and she can hardly speak in full sentences anymore.. She'll often stop mid-sentence as she forgets a word, then she forgets what she was saying entirely, and it's heartbreaking. This might sound bad; but I don't want to remember her as she is now, I want my memories of her to be of when she was young, happy, and healthy.. But I fear that now that she's moving in with me, and I'll be taking care of her 24/7, that my memories of her will be of changing her diapers, giving her sponge baths, and holding her hand while she wheezes and dies. I love my mom so much, and I will take care of her until the end, but I really hope I can hold onto the memories of her back before she was as she is now.. I want to remember as she lived, not as she died.


And now it just seems to me that every little problem that I would just shrug off, or find a way to deal with in the past, is magnified ten fold in my eyes.. It's like my ability to cope with the constant barrage of horrible things in life is entirely dedicated to dealing with my mothers death, so much so that smaller things just.. wound me terribly now.

I have a big list of problems, but then I feel terrible for even considering them problems when comparing it to the death of my mother.. I need to find a way to get some school supplies, clothes, and a couple backpacks for the kids, while still being able to put food on the table and pay the bills, and take care of my mom.

Anyhow. I don't know what good this post will do, but I think just "getting it out there" might do some good, releasing all this hurt and knowing that maybe someone will read it, well, maybe that'll make me feel at least a bit better..

As you can tell from the subreddit I'm posting this in, suicide has crossed my mind.. I know it'd be a hell of a lot easier than what I'm dealing with at the moment, but I have so many people depending on me that I can't bring myself to do it. I would love to just end it all and not have to deal with it anymore.. But I know that would only shunt my problems onto someone else.. Someone has to deal with this terrible shit, and it's always been me in the past.. may as well be me in the future, as well.

edit: I think what I need, is a distraction of some sort.. When I am busy doing things, I don't have time to think and I just, continue forward one step at a time.. But then, when I have any time to myself, I am free to think, and that's when the really bad stuff happens. But I can't seem to find any game, book, or show that can keep my mind off of things. Or maybe just a friend, or someone to talk to would work too.