So sick of being abnormalHey wanna hear my story? 

So I was born with minor deformanities and had to undergo surgery when I was one. This made me being scared of strangers. And until age of five I lived in the the woods so I met no friends. I'm an only child.

Then we moved and I got enrolled into nursery. I was always ill and coughing so I needed extra care. I was unsocial and stuff so pretty much everyone hated me. Teachers picking me kids bullying me etc. Even at this young I did abnormal things such as attempting to kill someone else blah. And I think I might have been touched but I'm not sure. I do remember being way too oversexualised. 

Primary school. Got two friends. I treated them so badly - I practically bullied them. I just didn't know how to approach them but wow I was so mean. They didn't like me anyway. I remember being separated at second grade and being so jealous and sad. Welp then at third grade I moved again. I got bullied there for being ugly. Didn't have friends until next year - had a nice friend. I made another friend in summer. That friend told my ex friend lies and stuff. They started bullying me. Blah blah blah. First suicide attempt.

Secondary school. I didn't talk for a year as I was so sick of relationships. People talked behind even though they didn't even know my name. I was so famous for being ugly that boys from other classes would hop over just to see my face. A boy said I was the most ugliest being he's ever seen to his friends and I happened to hear it. Hurt me deep. From this point I couldn't look at mirrors. I still cannot dare to. Plus second suicide attempt.
Then I decided to be brave and come forward. Did make friends but was always circling outside. And with my strange behaviours everyone again started hating me. I think this is when I realised I was quite autistic. Aspergers (ASD) to be precise. I'm not sure though, I can't take therapies since my parents won't let me (they're abusive). Also I started sleeping more than 12 hours a day and had massive trouble waking up. And yes self harming.

But that year was a huge achievement to me. I started talking again. I worked hard and lost weight (15kgs?). I changed hair styles and stuff and started looking slightly better. It looked good -

The next year. Still kept circling around never fit anywhere. Got sorta molested few times by a boy I knew. Third suicide attempt. I tried hard to lose weight but I couldn't. Developed anorexia. Never got under 58kg.

Highschool. Bam boom pew was chaotic. Made a friend. She was such a selfish person. Couldn't make other friends. Got diagnosed with narcolepsy. Dreams shattered - I wanted to be a pilot. Grades had amazing free fall. Mum started hating me even more. Death threats, not giving me food, hitting me bad, swearing etc. She's always cussing me.

Narcolepsy worsened. Pills started showing extreme side effects. Mental health was just broken into pieces. I had to deal with being hated by everyone even my parents (I'm pretty sure I'm autistic and with my personalities I get to be hated). PTSD from sexual incidents. Loneliness. Abnormally extreme nightmares/hallucinations and other behaviours from narcolepsy. I could get no help. Parents would just call me out lazy or stupid and never got me into therapy even though tests at school told me I was mental. And especially my mum she once saw me attempting suicide. Wanna know what she said? "I didn't know you were brave".

And you know I'm just so ugly and I found talking to someone so hard. I couldn't go outside because I was completely ashamed of how I look and my personalities.  By the way I did report my parents. They said they could talk to my parents and tell them they're treating me badly. Nope. 

Lol I can't even life is gone to shit and I'm so crazy 