A really bad episode brought on by a stressful incident (really long post, sorry)Sorry for the length. I apparently had a lot I needed to get out. -

Today I had my first serious episode in many years. There was a time in my life where I thought about it constantly. I’d consider a method every week or two. But I got therapy and I’m on some good medications and a lot of the problems in my life started to sort themselves out.  

But today it feels like years of relative peace and stability just crumbled in a manner of hours.

I’ve been coping fairly well through the pandemic. I get to work from home, haven’t gotten sick, and don’t personally know anyone that died (girlfriend’s grandma died but I never met her so my grief is second hand).  I’ve been feeling lucky. 

But then Monday night I got a call from my landlord saying that the apartment below me was reporting a leak from my unit. She came over (stressful to have her in the apartment!) and said  the leak looked really bad. Then yesterday and today a plumber came by the evaluate it more (more people in the apartment, yay!) and they now think I’m going to have to move all my stuff out while the redo the floors and walls to fix the water damage.  I’ll know for sure in a day or two.

This just tipped me over into a mental state I haven’t felt in a while.  I have a bunch of people in my house during a pandemic! And now I’m likely going to have to move all my stuff somehow (I don’t have a car! Not even sure if rental places are functioning, Jeez!). Gotta haul it off to a storage place (more interacting with people!), then stay with a friend (strangely not stressed about this bit) for days while they gut the unit.  Then I have to move it all back in alone again. 

This is so much work in the hot hot humid tropical climate and I have to do it alone. Nobody wants to help people move at the best of times. Who wants to help someone move twice within a couple days during a pandemic and oppressive humidity? Nobody. 

What the hell? Why now? Was it because I was escaping the pandemic unscathed so the universe needed to toss something horrible at me?  This is too much stuff to do in an extremely stressful and dangerous period of time. I don’t know if I’m equipped to deal with this level of stress. I feel like I just started to shut down and am unable to function. 

The fact that I can’t handle something as simple as a plumbing problem makes me feel like such a failure. I tried to express this to my girlfriend but she’s got her own shit going on and it didn’t go well.  She misinterpreted me and we sort of had a fight. It’s not her fault. She’s going through stuff too and I don’t blame her.  I shouldn’t have thrown it at her when she’s going through so much. 

I spent many hours this afternoon contemplating methods, which, like I said, I haven’t done in years. I’ve de-activated most of my social media and put up notices on the rest that I’d be gone a while.  I compiled all the important numbers like my landlord, bank, website contacts (I run a blog), girlfriend, and local friends so that if I need to do it, people aren’t left scrambling to fix things.  They can all connect and sort things out. 

I mainly want my cat and my website to be taken care of, and my girlfriend to get my money so she can take care of her kids. I think the information I compiled would get that done and that made me feel oddly better. At least I had a plan to ease other people’s burdens once I was gone.

I haven’t contacted my therapist yet. Honestly, trying to squeeze in a therapy visit to address this while I’m swamped with the apartment bullshit would likely add more stress for now. I just need the plumbers to tell me what I need to move, when to move it, and for how long. Then I can maybe let my therapist know I’m going through this. 

The fact that I still see myself being here in 3-4 days to do that is probably a good sign? Because earlier today I didn’t think I’d live to see sunset. But I did. So there’s that I suppose.  How many more sunsets will I see? I don’t know, man. I just don’t know. One at a time I guess.