can someone just talk to me before I decide to do something drastic? please.I don't even know what I'm doing here.. it's a pathetic last attempt at having someone, anyone, to talk to.

My life has always been complete shit. First day of kindergarten I was being bullied. In grade nine, I started getting threats and death threats. After a few weeks of running from my classmates, I dropped out and didnt come out of my room for a year. 

When I finally did go outside and hang out with my only friend, I was used constantly. She left me alone in an alley way at 3am with an eighteen year old, at the time I was only fourteen. He took my first kiss and being naive I fell for him. He asked me to be his girlfriend the next day. Because I had never had anyone show affection to me before, I craved it and said yes. A week later he drugged and raped me. I broke up with him the next day, never seeing him again.

I failed grade nine because I dropped out and had to repeat it in a totally different school, in a different town. That year was okay. I got a boyfriend that actually cared about me. We dated for two and a half years. Over the course of our relationship, all of my friendships dwindled away. He dumped me in the beginning of February of this year for no reason, leaving me completely friendless. 

The past three months have been total hell. I developed an eating disorder, as well as my anxiety becoming so extreme I need to take a prescribed pill everyday so I act normal. I have been cutting since the seventh grade and in these past months, my cutting habits have increased incredibly. I cry almost every single day and I have nobody to talk to.

I'm here now. Razor in hand, as well as my pills close by. I'm  contemplating taking the whole bottle.

I just need a friend. Someone to say they care. Even though I want that someone that cares to be with me and where I live, thats obviously not going to happen and I'm desperate for someone to just talk to.

I'm sorry for the long read or for being any kind of burden.. I just don't know where else to turn.

Thank you.