TIERD
Background - I am 41F, and I have had my autoimmune disease, for almost 30 years. I live in pain every minute of everyday. Each morning I take my medication, and lay in bed and cry for an hour till it starts working. I'm constantly nauseous. I have drs, but they only "manage" things, nothing gets better. The disease affects my joints, my stomach, and anxiety. I have had several surgeries including 2 total knee replacements, part of my colon removed, hysterectomy, just to name a few. About a year ago when the "opioid epidemic" created by the CDC (US government) was implemented my pain dr of 11 years said he could not prescribe the dose of pain medication I was on anymore. With no choice I am now taking 1/4 of the doses I had been prescribed for 10 years. Another side effect of the government being involved in my medications is my anxiety meds are "very dangerous" in combination with the pain meds. My dr ( pcp for 8 years) who prescribed them said he isn't going to anymore no matter what. It means NOTHING to any dr that I have no life anymore. Their hands are tied. 

Currently, I can't deal with this anymore. I'm not going to get better, in fact it took me years to get to a regimen of medication that somewhat worked. I have no energy to try or care. I looked into other drs, and they seem worse than the ones I have now. My husband (of 17 years) wants to go together, but we have a teenager who I don't want to leave without both parents. My husband agreed to stay. About a month ago I went outside by my favorite tree with my gun and tried to shoot myself. The gun jammed. My husband who was in the house ran outside and took my gun, but yesterday while he was working I found his loaded gun and hid it. His is better than mine. Mine had never been shot before, but his has. 

My whole family knows how fucked up I feel. My sister even agreed to take my kids if "something happens" to my husband and I. I'm very lost. If my husband and I go together the kids will get a decent payout from life insurance. If only I go then my husband gets it, but mine isn't much since I don't work and I'm disabled.  Why is it ok to make me live like this? I throw up a bunch, very nauseous, get really bad headaches, my stomach kills me, my teeth are falling apart, I can't sleep, I worry about EVERYTHING. I can't even open a water bottle without help because I don't have much strength anymore. I can walk some, although it's painful, and I limp. My arms &amp; legs don't bend or straighten normally, my range of motion sucks. 

The last 5x my husband and tried to get out I got really sick and threw up everywhere, or I just hurt so bad I couldn't handle it. My husband isn't a bad person, and he is the only person who truly sees and feels me. He works, picks up groceries, cleans the house, makes dinner, helps me get dressed, paints my nails, &amp; genuinely tries to make my life easier. He always tells me he doesn't want me to go, then I say "so you want me to be miserable and feel like shit all the time?" Or I say "You are very selfish, you expect me to live so you aren't lonely?" Of course he says no to both questions, but I only have 2 choices. 1. Commit suicide or 2. Stay and feel tortured. 

 Side note....I started using medical marijuana even though it isn't legal in my state. It helps, but by no means could it be compared with my old pain medication. Another fact is my pain dr does urine drug screens which not only check for illegal drugs, but also shows what prescribed medications are in my system. Caught with marijuana would not be good. My husband doesn't use marijuana so he takes my medicine the day we go to the appointment and passes my drug test, but it shouldn't be like this. 

Everyone says there is always light at the end of the tunnel, but I can't even find the tunnel. I wish I could take all my medicine and overdose, but I'm scared it won't work. I think the gun is the best option. I have notes written, and my husband and I have planned my funeral. 

I'm so fucking overwhelmed. 

(Summary - I'm sick, in pain, &amp; I am ready to die)

