I don’t have anything to live for anymoreI’ve been caught  in this horrible triangle of hate and pressure with my family and my husband. 

A guy I spent time with during a separation with my husband basically lives with my sister and her boyfriend. My sister has been my best and pretty much only friend for years now. My husband has wanted/needed/demanded I go NC with her and the rest of my family because of this. (They also live next door to the house and land I own so it’s not so easy to just pack up and go) I just went to Hailey the trash off up the road, and my sister saw me leave. She gets the guy to bring her up there to talk to me. He and I don’t exchange many words. But she and I hug and talk about missing each other. I verbalized how important is it for them to not act the way they have recently by pushing my husbands buttons from afar and she says she’s sorry and she was just hurt. My husband drove up the road and saw Them leaving the dump after i did. 

I did not set this up. It was just something that happened as a result of us living basically in the same yard. I can not see my little (only) sister in a public place and just ignore her or tell her to fuck off or anything of the sort. I don’t know what to do, but it feels like this is the end. He says he’s leaving tomorrow with all three of our children (one of which is under 2 and has never been away from me for more than two days) disconnecting the water, and moving on. I don’t feel like I have any fight left. Without them I have no reason to stay. 

He has taken my order two before, three months without any contact though I tried so hard. It was hell. I slept all day, when I couldn’t sleep I sedated myself with antipsychotic medication, and I drank all night. I was a useless waste of space. I don’t want to go through that again. I need my children more than I need air to breathe. And he’s going to take them Again. I’ve never felt more ready, or like the timing was any more right. I can see it all leading up to this thinking back on the last few weeks. It’s my time to go. I did the best thing I could do for the world by blessing it with three absolutely perfect human beings. That’s all I was made for.