Worried about a friend (Wall of text)Hey SW community, I need some help with someone who reached out to me a few days ago, he is a 14yo transgender (male to female) and we have been mutualy discussing issues. Ive linked a transcript below (names changed) Please tell me if i did anything wrong


Friend: Hi :(

17BiGuy: ohai

Friend: Please retype what you said on stream

Friend: I had to emergency close every thing so my parents wouldnt find out :(

17BiGuy: No problem. If you are worried about logs, a diffrent chat method may be advised, Steam for mobile keeps the last few messages

Friend: Thats not it

Friend: My dad walked into my room

17BiGuy: Ah, Windows key and d can help with that, that minimises all windows

Friend: Any way im in my bed now

Friend: :(

Friend: I hate this life

Friend: I hate my dad he acts so childish

Friend: He has this super strong torch

Friend: I fell asleep on the couch

Friend: I woke up with it on some centimeters from my eyes

Friend: They are probaly cooked

Friend: The anger i felt

Friend: I cant take this any more

17BiGuy: With regards to hormode tharapy, Estrogen and testosterone are used in the development of non sexual organs like muscles, so its best to wait as long as you can before undergoing it. And when you next talk to a doctor, tell him/her that you'd like to

Friend: I have to Come out first

Friend: And i can only get testerone blockers

Friend: I have to wait til im 16

Friend: And 18 for sex change

17BiGuy: Discuss somthing in private and state that you would like him to tell no-one, including your parents, and discuss options with Him/her. If you ask him/her not to tell youe parents, they are legaly obliged not to tell them

Friend: But the state pays for it

Friend: This is really wiers

Friend: Wierd*

Friend: Wierd*

Friend: For the past year i have grown "breasts"

Friend: But really slowly

Friend: And for some reason im sensitive there

17BiGuy: Breast tissue is quite sensitive, over time is should become desensitised. Im assuming that you are Male to female, am I coreect?

Friend is now Away.

17BiGuy: If you ever feel that  im getting too personal, tell me. I will not be offended.

17BiGuy: Ok, I need to head to bed (Im in south africa its 12:45 here). I shall leave my tablet logged into steam, and will check for mesages when I get up. Sorry we couldnt chat for longer

Your state is set to Offline.

Friend is now Offline.

Lost connection to Steam, will rejoin chat automatically when connection regained.

Connected again and rejoined chat.

17BiGuy: Another thing : the people who truly love you love you for you. They do not care about how you look or what sex you are. As they say,  "those who mind don't matter and those that matter don't mind"  P. S.  I think I'm an idiot and if that is true,  your username is very clever :)

Friend is now Online.

Friend: Hi :(

17BiGuy: Ohai

Friend: I just want

Friend: To run away

17BiGuy: Sorry,  kinda sent you a book yesterday :)

Friend is now Away.

17BiGuy: I you did, do you have a place to go?

17BiGuy: *if

Friend is now Online.

Friend: No

17BiGuy: Well then, try to make the best of your current situation. This may be too personal, but, do you attend a school? and if so do they have councilers? they are also bound by the same rules as doctors with regards to telling people about you

Friend is now Away.

17BiGuy: Well, at least you have someone to talk to :) and simply talking to someone can help with stress

Friend is now Online.

Friend: Yeah im 14

17BiGuy: Your age changes nothing about your personal concerns or issues, it doesnt trivialise them or chang the fact that they are an issue to you

Friend is now Online.

Friend: i hate having anxiety attacks

17BiGuy: Are you OK?

Friend: i want to dissapear

Friend: disappear*

17BiGuy: What do you think would happen if you told your parents? perhaps not your dad, would your mother understand?

Friend: yeah

Friend: but to do it tho .-.

Friend: she asked me if i were gay about an year ago

Friend: i said no

Friend: so i guess :/

17BiGuy: When she asked, what was her tone?

Friend: normal?

Friend: it was really awkward for me

17BiGuy: so she didnt sound adverse to the idea?

Friend: she would have been fine with it

Friend: otherwise she wouldnt have suspected

Friend: i act normal

17BiGuy: I think perhaps you should tell her then. I would take a huge load off you and would give you someone who would be able to provide support to you from there.

Friend: i wish some one would do it for me

17BiGuy: i know that feeling

Friend: i act really cold but once i show feelings they just spew out

17BiGuy: Well, If i ever need to talk to my mom about something, id always make a... almodt like an appointment? i dont know. Id send her a mesage and say that we need to talk, and that'd be it. Perhaps you should try that. And as soon as you take that first step of telling her, the rest should be easier

Friend: well i live in the same hose

Friend: house*

Friend: damn you small keyboard

17BiGuy: I live with my parent as well, im 17. do it while you are at school, its easier to send that message when you are far away.

Friend: Sexuality would be much easier to tell her this is her "losing" her son :(

Friend: "son"*

17BiGuy: Dont think think of it that way, think of is as she's making her child happy.

Friend: im shivering over the idea

17BiGuy: I know that feeling as well, im feeling nervous here

Friend: I lied and said i forgot my change just to skip going into the changing room

Friend: today

17BiGuy: do ather people at school know/tease you about it?

17BiGuy: *other

Friend: no

Friend: but there are some jerks

Friend: that are "acting" bad to me

Friend: or what ever sounds better

17BiGuy: Sorry, define acting

Friend: light bullying .-.

17BiGuy: nothing to do with being transgender?

Friend: yeah

Friend: In school im REALLY shy

Friend: and act nice no matter what any one do to me just to get out of trouble :/

17BiGuy: You may find thet they are dealing with thier on feelings of being gay/bisexual or transgender... Or they could be dicks. What is your schools policy on bullying? if you react would it get you in trouble?

17BiGuy: Own*

Friend: Just like all schools they act like they have an anti bullying thing but they do nothing

Friend: Its not like im getting physicly harmed

Friend: but mentaly is another thing

17BiGuy: Psycological bullying is as bad if now worse

Friend: They are just on me becuse im weak

Friend: in personality that is

17BiGuy: You are not weak. You told me

17BiGuy: Thats a big step

Friend: me and that person im playing in school is 2 things

17BiGuy: Sorry, im taking long to respond, I have aspergers syndrome so figureing out what to say is hard

Friend: its fine

17BiGuy: I feel sorry for you, stuck in highschool with this kind of thing must be tourtue, People get a little more mature in college

Friend: i have felt this way since i was a small

Friend: but it has gotten stronger lately

17BiGuy: I am sure, puberty ups hormones and makes you very suceptible to sexual feelings. I know that when im in class, it takes all my might to keep my eyes of the guys

17BiGuy: Off

17BiGuy: *

Friend: i hate testerone

Friend: and i hate the effects of it

17BiGuy: I think you should talk to your mom, about this, If its not inappropriate, I can "be" there if you'd want

Friend: alot of people have told me that

Friend: i enjoy talking to you

17BiGuy: And I you, It may not seem like it on your end, but talking to you has helped me a lot as well.

Friend: i thought of self medicating but that isnt possible

Friend: firstly no online pharmacies any more

Friend: atleast that sells hormones

17BiGuy: And you need a perscription

Friend: and getting them home without any one noticing

Friend: and the effects of it

Friend: self medicating is really dangerous with hormones

Friend: your blood can clump

17BiGuy: do you have to be supervised if you go out? If you dont, and if there is a free clinic nearby, you may be able to talk to a doc about getting tharapy started and monitored annonamously

Friend: I can go any where

Friend: but i have a social phobia .-.

Friend: the best thing for me would be some kind of online therapy

17BiGuy: Well, reddit has some psycologists on it, im sure you/I could find one that you can talk with

Friend: i just want to hide in my bed all day

Friend: im sorry that im so unwilling to your ideas

Friend: and negative in general

17BiGuy: you dont have to apologise. im giveing you ideas and moral support, you dont have to do anything that you feel uncomfertable with

Friend: im freezing even tho its not cold

17BiGuy: I get thst sometimes, its just nerves, you're feeling this way because you are shareing a lot, when i tould you that i was bi, i felt like that for half an hour

Friend: imo you should tell some one every one around you sounds so friendly

Friend: and your friends are probaly not as harsh as mine

17BiGuy: I could say the same about your mom, i... i just dont feel ready. And i dont have friends outside of a frw guys i play games with, and loading that on them might end badly

Friend: its the same here

17BiGuy: Well, just talking tou you has mad me feel less depressed. And im sure its helped you, even if only a little

Friend: yeah

17BiGuy: ill be right back

Friend: kk

17BiGuy: Ok, Im back

Friend: ok

17BiGuy: So, yould you like me to look around on reddit for you?

17BiGuy: *would

Friend: umm okay

Friend: Thanks for every thing btw

17BiGuy: ok, I shall. and no problem

17BiGuy: Again, I dont know if this is inapropriate to say, but, as for the moment you are stuck in a male body entering/in puberty, feel free to ask questions.

Friend: i dont want to know more about this horrible thing

Friend: sorry

Friend: i hate that my vocal range has been shortened

17BiGuy: Dont apologise, Im just trying to say that there is no question that you should be afraid to ask.

Friend: when will this nightmare be over?

17BiGuy: Unfortunately, i dont have all the answers :(. But i will help you through this as best i can

Friend: i want to cry but i cant

Friend: i have suppresed my feelings for way too long

Friend: i have a 2nd cousin in the same class as me

Friend: i might be able to tell her

Friend: but if she tells any one :(

17BiGuy: do you think she would?

Friend: i dont know

Friend: she has been through alot

Friend: bullied for being "emo"

Friend: Her bf is my best friend :/

17BiGuy: Well, you can always get to know her as a friend and judge from there

Friend: we were pretty close as kids

Friend: her mom and mine are really close

Friend: i knew that her mom would divorse her dad weeks before her

17BiGuy: Well then perhaps telling her mom is an idea, she trusts you.

Friend: i dont like this freezing feeling

Friend: its really intense

17BiGuy: you sweating at the same time?

Friend: no

17BiGuy: well, grab a jursey or a blanket, your body is cold, so warm it up a touch

Friend: the stuff i would do to end this

Friend: my "social phobia" got really intense today

Friend: i was scared by just walking by a random person outside

Friend: my mom knows of it

17BiGuy: Do you feel that somehow they know and are going to tell everyone? or is the phobia different?

Friend: I have been shy or had this phobia since i was a kid

17BiGuy: Do you think the two are related?

Friend: not really

Friend: but the phobia is worsened when i think about being transsexual

17BiGuy: I'm sure. Havr you thaught about taking anxiety meds? They may help

Friend: You need to have a therapist to get those

Friend: who then contacts a doctor etc

17BiGuy: hmm

Friend: Do they mess if with your head if you know that

17BiGuy: Well, AFAIK they work by making you less sensitive to emotions

Friend: .-.

Friend: woah

17BiGuy: Whats up?

Friend: looked at some site

Friend: 50 euro for 30min

Friend: that might be normal tho

17BiGuy: Doing what?

Friend: some online therapy thing

Friend: dosen't seem legit so idk

17BiGuy: Speaking of therapy, there is a therapy subreddit. If you wanted to, you could make a post : https://www.reddit.com/r/therapy

Friend: before i felt this so strong

Friend: i used to think suicide was super stupid

17BiGuy: Suicide is never the answer

Friend: you might already know i attempted it

Friend: but i couldnt do it

17BiGuy: Suicide is not a way out, it may seem like a good idea. it isnt. Suicide only causes grief. Think about it, simply telling to your mom may make her feel sad, or depressed, but comiting suicide will make her feel far worse, and telling her in a note would tear her apart, because she would feel that she failed, and she would spend the rest of her life second guessing every decision she made.

Friend: .-.

Friend: im out of options thren

17BiGuy: No, you arent, you can tell her, you can do it! You told a perfect stranger about it, and from the look of the image you sent me yesterday, you were ready to tell over 150 people. You are stronger than you think!

Friend: online im anon

Friend: here i can be myself

Friend: or i can be some one else

Friend: irl i cant

Friend: whoah

Friend: there are programs for school at home

Friend: my mom would never agree to it tho

Friend: she already thinks im too unsocial

17BiGuy: You can always ask, nothing bad can come of it.

Friend: and what would i say to my friends?

Friend: il be that kid that left class

Friend: they would harass me

Friend: but i dont really care

17BiGuy: If they are truly your friends, they will be understanding

Friend: Then i dont really have true friends

Friend: but that dosen't affect me

Friend: .-.

17BiGuy: Well, you have one. :)

Friend: thanks :)

Friend: i hate having hair on my body

17BiGuy: as in pubic hair?

Friend: in general

Friend: hair on the arms etc :(

17BiGuy: you could shave it.

Friend: If i go through with this which i will have to sooner or later il get laser removal

Friend: and no it wont cost any thing here in sweden stuff like that are paid by the state



#EDIT:#
Ok, starting to really worry now:

Friend: I wish some one would save me

Friend: I would do any thing

Friend: Im freezing so much

Friend: Even tho im in bed

Friend: If i dont come online for a while would you please tell my friends what have happened

17BiGuy: Just relax, its very nerve-racking to talk about this

#Edit2
I hope she's alright

Friend: If i dont come online for a while would you please tell my friends what have happened

17BiGuy: Just relax, its very nerve-racking to talk about this

Friend is now Away.

17BiGuy: Before you do anything, please call 116 123 Its free and wont appear on phone bills. Talk to them, explain whats going on.


