recovering from a medication interaction that caused me to want to die.hey folks.

I've been dealing with depression and suicidal thoughts for months.  MONTHS.  incredibly frustrating, went and joined AA/MA and got sober because I thought my pot habit was causing it (it wasn't).   Called the suicide hotline.   Reached out for support via 7 cups of tea.    Told my housemate, my naturopath, my chiropractor, and the therapist AND psychiatric nurse practitioner I was seeing.     Things got worse when I lost my job earlier in January, and went from thinking about it to planning and finding sources for effective drugs online.

I realized this weekend that the combination birth control I had been put on around the time things got like this was causing problems with my lamictal and stopped it.    

Things are starting to get better;  i'm not shopping for nembutal, colors are brighter, I was genuinely happy on Wendsday.    I'm not up and running at full speed, but it's getting better.

I'm so angry.  This was preventable.  I missed it, I feel like a idiot for missing it, and all of the people i asked for help missed it.   I really was at risk;   I've wanted to die before, that doesn't scare me, but planning my own death isn't something I consider routine.

I'm setting in place resources to reduce this - auditioning new therapist on Tues,  seeing my ND who does psych stuff every week while this de-escalates, started the process of getting a psychiatrist from the local hospital vs a person in the community - it'll take a few months but it'll pay off.   I have started martial arts training and that really helps my mood.   i'm starting to work on getting involved in my local community and finding events and resources.

I would really appreciate thoughts on how else to deal w/ recovering from an episode like this - it frikking hurts, I'm angry and frustrated and grateful i'm not going to die, but it's not all the way done yet and I know that I have to be careful for a while.    The study I found indicated it takes a week for lamictal levels to get back to 80% of pre birth control dose, so I'm guessing 2-3 weeks for steady state, and I'm not sure how my period / regular cycle is going to interact with the lamictal.

very frustrated.  glad to be alive.    just need some thoughts on getting through this - and on what to put in place to reduce the risk of this happening again.