Tonight I burned my letters and Im putting everything behind me.Let me start off by saying, this is a long ass story how I got here and I don’t care that much to say, especially since Im leaving that shit behind me. I told my girlfriend I was having bad thoughts about a month ago. We had just broken up but we really depend and need each other. It looks bad but the thoughts weren’t because of our break up, the break up didn’t help but it wasn’t about that. Well she kinda told me she would never forgive me if I did and I broke down crying(I never cry). She said it taking all of the pain you feel and giving it to everyone else thats ever cared about you. That last part wouldn’t bother me except that she’s the only exception I could never do that to her. Anyways, down the line I went on vacation for two weeks and we got into a couple phone call arguments eventually cutting all contact. I had told her that one night that Im going on vacation for two weeks and if something doesn’t change then Im making a decision.(Again not her its not the breakup). Well on vacation I decided I was going to do it. Nothing was changing and I was incapable of changing my situation. I was angry at God wondering why, begging for just a little peace or mind. Yesterday I came home from vacation. Last night I came to a huge realization that I know was planted in my brain by God. I woke up today a new person. Im strong enough to do this shit on my own. I’m ready to be a man now. I burned my letters. Called my girl because were on speaking terms again and I told her I burned them and that I feel like a brand new person and I feel like Im gonna be okay. She fucking lost it, she was so angry.  I’ve never seen her so angry. She didn’t know about the notes. See I write her letters and eventually Ill hand them to her one day I have an entire stack. Well I forget some of the things I tell her in person and some of the things I write to her. She was not happy about it. I guess I was very insensitive though. Just expecting her to be like “Thats great Im proud of you!” I hope she’s okay. I really do. Im tired of worrying her. I made it clear she doesn’t have to worry anymore. I hope we fix things I love that girl more than anything. Im so thankful I woke up better today. There’s a lot still going on and a lot still thats going to happen thats gonna make it hard, but I finally feel like Im strong enough to handle it. A couple weeks ago I had almost lost faith entirely. In God, in myself, in humanity. Now I know that there is just know way I can feel the way I do right now without God allowing me to feel this way. I don’t understand it, I thought God wanted me unhappy, I thought I was being punished. I didn’t know what to think and still don’t but Im done trying to understand it and Im putting this all behind me and moving on. Everything happens for a reason and I think this is all to make me into the man Im supposed to be. Im glad I can finally look back and say that.