VentingHey. 

I don’t have anyone to say any of this to, I don’t even know where to say this, I stumbled across this subreddit and idk maybe it belongs here, I’ll delete it if not or whatever. I have so much to say but I don’t know how to put it all in words. 

I’m a 21 year old female. I have never felt loved in my life. My entire childhood and general adolescence I have experienced extreme bullying by a large group of people. I’ve been out of high school for 4 years, but the mental and physical trauma has left lasting damage. 

I honestly don’t even know where to start. I feel like words can’t even express the hopelessness and hate I have for myself. I feel as if I will never mean anything to anyone. I will never accomplish anything, I am a serial failure. I’ve never had a relationship, I’ve never been important to people I have considered my friends. I can’t even say I’m an afterthought because to be honest, I’m not much of a thought at all. 

Meaning nothing to anybody is surprisingly exhausting. I don’t think im ugly, I’m certainly not unintelligent, and I love my sense of humour. However, I have never met anybody who thinks the same. I don’t know what I have to act like or look like or do to make someone want to have me in their life. I don’t know how to be interesting to someone. I’ve tried buying my friends, I’ve tried everything. Just for one person to like me. 

I live somewhere where guns aren’t particularly accessible. I love my family, I don’t want to see them upset. We have had a lot of deaths in the family, close ones too, and I’ve seen and experienced the sadness of losing a family member. I cannot kill myself without the guilt of knowing I am just giving my parents a huge funeral bill. I am also afraid of not having all my loose ends tied. My desire to kill myself is great, I have wanted to since I was 12. I know I will never be of any significance to anyone or anything, and I think it hurts so bad because i know I don’t deserve to be treated this way, yet I am treated this way with every person I bring into my life. Maybe I’m bad at finding people? Maybe. It always starts so beautiful and promising, but letting someone get to know me is always a mistake. 

I don’t know what I’m on here for, and I’m not asking for anything. I wish I knew what I had available that would give me the best result, but I’m too stupid. I don’t want to hurt anyone but myself. I hate myself. I hate that I’m me. I want to be anyone else. I want so desperately to love and be loved and I know that is an unattainable goal. 

I know I am going to get “it gets better”- it’s always only gotten worse. 
I know I am going to get “but you’re so young”- I don’t have the energy to detail every trauma I have experienced, but they all have a pattern that can be summed up as “you just aren’t good enough.” I know that I am, and never will be, good enough. 
Any happiness that I get from socializing is from people online. However it only reminds me that I’m only likeable if you’ve never met me. I’ve met some people I’ve been very close with online and they have PROMPTLY stopped wanting me in their life. 

I just want to kill myself, but I am afraid of failing and I’m afraid of all these loose ends.