Desperate, looking for any hope at allBoyfriend is 28M and I’m 23F. We have been dating for almost 2 years. I just want to get this off my chest, if someone would please listen. 

I grew up in an abusive family: bipolar sister, bipolar father, drug addicted younger brother, “star child” older sister and a cold mother who was also being abused by my dad so she used me as a therapist since I was a child. Abusive in every sense, if you know what I mean by that. It’s relevant, I promise. 

I just graduated from college which was a huge struggle for me with how often I couldn’t get up in the morning with my depression, and we moved together into his parent’s old house because it was really our only option. When I am at my parent’s house I have panic attacks from the past abuse, so my mental health is terrible there. Last time I went there for my sister’s wedding my father trapped me in a room and verbally abused me because he thought I was treating my “star” sister unfairly (I had a sinus infection and told my sister I would come to her bachelorette party in the afternoon rather than the morning so I could get some more rest. She was fine with it). But really that’s the only other place I can go if I leave here. 

So about my relationship... if I’m honest I’m really unhappy in my relationship. We have been up and down so many times. We don’t kiss anymore, we fight every night, he has accused me so many times of cheating on him, making jokes that I’m cheating and then says he was just kidding around, yelling at my cats and threatened to hurt one once... then he turns around and apologizes and says he will change, but he never does for very long. It makes me feel like I’m going nuts. When I broke up with him at one point he cried and begged me not to, so we got together again a week later. He buys me gifts when we fight and eventually I forgive him because I feel too guilty not too, then the cycle starts all over. I’m never truly happy ever with him, but I feel like he’s my dysfunction best friend. I feel like I can’t leave him or that I will be even more unhappy if I do. That I won’t ever find someone else who will date me with how messed up I am. 

I don’t know what to do anymore. The only thing that keeps me alive right now is my cats and the idea that I will hurt so many people by dying. I have been so hurt in my life I can’t imagine hurting others like that. Even though I hold on tightly to my cats I have suicidal thoughts in my head every day. It’s like the only escape my brain sees is death, and sometimes I fear I will hurt myself when I feel so desperate and unhappy. 

Thank you for listening if you did. I’m just looking for some hope. 