Verge of suicide: head tension degrading my brain, help?!I have never used Reddit before, but since it has such a good reputation of helping people I thought it would be a good idea to ask for help here... 

Question is:
     I have had this head tension in my forehead all my life and adhd symptoms, with that comes depression and social isolation etc,
What is this head tension that doesn't let me focus?

It's like something, a stick is burried into my head.

I can't think.  I have this flicker or memory that I constantly forget what I'm doing at the current moment and that everything exists.
Depersonalization and derealization.
Slowly I have been forgetting my language, (words and grammar syntax) for about all my school years, now in University, though dropout.
I have social anxiety it seems and my memory flicker is so strong that I feel dizzy. Also maybe general anxiety idk. When asked technical questions or I need to do math for all these years I have been getting slower and slower, mentally speaking. Even with stuff that I love like music, I make music. Many times, I'm composing and I can't focus at all to the music nor can't almost see  at the screen as if what I hear and see is blurry and makes no sense. When doing anything tbh. And I can't see or hear things for so much, a second passes and I forget. It's even hard to sometimes listen to people and read even. Because I forget midway where I am,What's happening what or where I'm reading or doing and I get stuck with me as if zoning out and everything becomes like blurry or something. My head constantly hurts with the head tension, as if I was angry and was showing it with my face.  Before when I was young I was supposedly normal. Had many thoughts and could focus as a normal person with ADHD would or could. But now, I can't even do the simplest of tasks, and it's only been getting worse. And I constantly have these instructive thoughts filling my mind to the brim like. You're just making excuses to not work. 
No this is legit I feel odd, wtf is happening I can't grasp myself.
Maybe you're just dumb.
Maybe, but why can't I grasp reality?
Maybe you're just a stupid child. Or wasn't raised properly.

Anyways not such a good example of the instrusive thoughts. 
Because lately it's been that my mind is just completely empty.
Meditating is even easy, because it's as if I have no thoughts.

I can't even write nor make music like I used to because of this. Had to drop out of college because of this, failed two semesters out of three.

It's really like I can't grasp myself and that my brain is literally rotting or shrinking.


A bit of backstory.

I went to school like any normal kid. I was always alone and had no friends, it wasn't till highschool that I began to create my social skills. 

I always needed help from my mother because I couldn't study, which resulted into a lot of fights I the house and me being alone countless hours everyday trying to learn something but not being able to do so. I still remember the rustle of the trees in my room when Young. I almost had no childhood.

Life was, depressed at school then depressed at home. Always since young constantly depressed.  
I was seen by a neurologist that said I might have adhd. 

It wasn't paid attention and nothing was done about it.
I kept like this. Always getting worse. Then at highschool I think or a bit before, the head tension started, I think maybe at middle school.

My attention to what people were saying started degrading, I was forgetting grammar in my language, both Spanish and English. I was horribly depressed it only worsen. And my head really hurt. Memory got worse and well, everything.

Then forward to recent past.  We went to a psychiatris for diagnosing adhd. In July. It went well I got a perfect score. The Adderall really helped me a lot. I went to university again. And slowly the effects of Adderall started to drop as I always was.
Filled with anxiety in the classrooms and with people.

But this time I started having panic attacks as my anxiety got worse and worse throughout the years. I tried to manage it and do well in University, but I kept getting panic attacks. Believing the I might have a trauma of my school years. Then I tried to kill myself in the dorms twice. Went to a psychiatric hospital twice, which didn't help at all. I also have antidepressants that doesn't do shit.  And the second time I tried to kill myself I went to university again to try more. But I got a I think panic attack so strong. That I couldn't move at all, and I was shaking and my whole body was tense, and dizzy and frozen. It got so strong to the point where I couldn't move nor almost talk. I felt like I was loosing conciousnes.  Then when that happened. I was in my hometown at my house for a whole week trembling not being able to talk properly nor think properly. Having as if mental breakdowns of getting insane. And I had to quit university.  And it still keeps on the head tension and mind dying. Not shaking anymore and can walk. I still have panic attacks yes. But not as intense as that one that made me stop moving.

And now I'm here in the verge of suicide again.  Asking Reddit for help. Wtf is this.