I think of suicide a lot. I don't want to kill myself, but I can't stop thinking about it.I think I'm depressed. I think I've been depressed for at least the last 15 years (I'm late 20s now). I've never been diagnosed or tried to be diagnosed. I haven't told friends or seen doctors about it.

At least once a week I think of suicide. Some days, like today, are much worse. I've been thinking of killing myself for the entire day. I can't get it off my mind. I don't want to die, and I don't want to think of dying, but I can't stop imagining it. It's one of the many reasons I don't want to see a doctor. I'm afraid they will confirm I am depressed, which will force me to confront these thoughts instead of pushing them out of my mind as best I can.

Sometimes when I'm driving I imagine letting my car roll off a cliff or a bridge. I took the train to San Francisco a few weeks ago and thought of jumping onto the tracks every time a train approached the platform. I visited an 8-story city building recently and walked to the rail just to see how far down it is.

I don't want to die. I've almost died a few ties before (not by hurting myself), and each time I did everything I could to survive. But I frequently feel like there is this shadow inside me that is constantly pushing me to kill myself. I don't have the choice to not listen to its encouragement, and sometimes I humor it like when I walk to the edge of the 8th floor of a building, but I keep thinking I don't want to do this.

It used to be an annoying little whisper of "what if..." in my mind. But ever since Robin Williams killed himself, that whisper has grown to yelling and pleading of "do it." The story of his suicide resonated with me, and I keep thinking "that's you in 30 years."

I don't want to kill myself, but I'm afraid one day something will push me over the edge and I will just give up. I don't have a suicide plan, which seems like a good thing. But I'm afraid if something pushes me over the edge, not having a plan to adhere to will cause me to just say "fuck it, this method is available right this second" and I'll jump off a building or in front of a train or pick up a gun or whatever. Not having a plan makes me afraid I'll be more willing to do something in the heat of the moment, whereas if I had a plan I could say "now isn't the right time" and then later when it is the right time I might come to my senses. It's like the shadow inside me is just waiting for the right moment to push me--the moment when I won't be able to catch myself.

So then every now and then I think maybe I should make a suicide plan in order to prevent that. But I definitely don't want to do that because then I know I'll constantly be thinking about the plan, and when the time is right for the plan, maybe I definitely will do it. Maybe that shadow inside me is trying to trick me into making a plan.

Now I seem schizophrenic or something. I'm not. I don't hear voices. There isn't actually an evil entity living inside me. I'm just talking in metaphors because I don't know how the fuck to describe this. I just want to stop thinking about killing myself.