breaking up with myselfBF of 3 years ended it 3.5 months ago. He said that things haven't been good for a while now, the bad times are more than the good, he can't see himself with me forever, etc. Mostly due to me being insecure, crying, sometimes angry when drinking. otherwise i was a very thoughtful and generous girlfriend. I lost all of the friends I made in grad school in the process.

Applying this same logic to myself, I have been sad more than happy, I have let a lot of good things go that could be there, I have made huge mistakes, I have a few people (close friends) who love me but don't talk to them even weekly. I hate being alone, but when I am around other people I get anxious. Even my strengths (thoughtfulness, generousness etc) turn into weaknesses and people end up taking advantage of me.  

I have always been the least favorite child to my parents even though they worry about me in my current state, most of the time I just feel like it was a mistake that I was even born. I went to medical school to get their attention more or less and I dont know if i want to be a doctor, but I am stuck in this career because of student loans. My graduation is next week and it is going to be really depressing as I thought this is when my bf and my family is giong to meet. Most of my friends are moving on with SOs. And now i have to move on to a job by myself when I was supposed to do it with the person I loved more than anything I have in my whole life, and I dont even know if I want this job. It is going to be incredibly stressful and I dont want to do it alone.

Times have been bad more than good, when I think back on times that were happy I think I have always been a little bit sad, I can't see living this life (the way it has been) for another 26 years or even another 60+.  I think using the same logic its time to "break up with myself" so to speak. He also told me "i need to be more selfish." well I understand suicide is selfish, but I dont really give a shit anymore. Its the only thing I want right now and if it hurts other people fine but I rarely if ever do anything for myself, so this could be the one thing.

 I don't want to face one more day of this shit, but I just dont know if I should make it until the end of graduation so I can say goodbye to some people. 