Somewhere along the way...I broke. This is my first time trying some sort of online help, I'm not sure this will actually do anything for me, but I'm desperate so I'm trying. I have been suffering from depression for about ten years now which is about half my life. I can't talk to my family about it. My dad and I are estranged and I'm not comfortable with trying to open up to my mom. She's never been there for me. I tried to find help in school counselor and they could never help or understand. For so long I've been independent, I've been taking care of myself since I can remember. 

Over the last two and a half years my life has slowing been falling apart. Things weren't that great to begin with. It was the beginning of my junior year of high school. I was taking a very rigorous course load and I was having huge problems dealing with the stress. I started cutting myself and was kind of withdrawing. My best friend noticed that something was going on and he became the first person that I've ever really confided in. To this day he knows so much about what I feel and that has actually led to some problems. Anyway, my house was robbed (which was the starting point of this downward spiral). Then my moms best friend moved in with us because she was having marital problems, and within a month her entire family moved in because their house got foreclosed. This was incredibly stressful there were ten people living in my house and almost twice as many animals. It was insane and I started having panic attacks. Towards the end of my junior year, my dog died and that was the worst thing that could've possibly happened. He was my support, the one thing I could count on. He was the only one that I knew loved me. 

Then an incident happen between my dad and I. We've never had a "good" relationship. He's emotionally distant and cold hearted. He verabally abused me. He called me evil, vindictive, and spiteful. What kind of parent says those things to maliciously hurt their child? It was awful, I stopped speaking to him. Two months later, he wanted to divorce my mom so that he could date my mom's friend (the one that moved in with us). This was horrible, he devastated my mom and destroyed my family. Both my parents decided they wanted to move away back to our home state, but I wanted to finish high school. My older sister volunteered to stay with my in an apartment where we  were living. So for my senior year I lived on my own, had a part time job, paid bills, had a full and still rigorous course load. I slept maybe four hours a night. It was extremely horribe. In March of that year I was so desperate for help I tried to go to a clinic and the doctor took what I was telling him out of context. I was trying to get a referall to a therapist so I could have someone to talk to. But he freaked out and called the police who made me get in an ambulance and go to a hospital. There an evaluator determined that I needed to go to a facility. This was a horrible experience. While I was only there for about 3 days, I felt humilated and not any better at all. They didn't actually help me. By that point my mom had been told what was going on and she flew down to try and help for a few days. But then she left. Nothing changed. No one was seeing what I was going through. My parents never called to check in on me or bothered to see if I was okay. I wasn't okay, and I haven't been for a very long time. 

From this point, I've been hanging on. Despite having continual thoughts of suicide, I had strength and fight in me. So I just keep going and charging through. When I started college last fall, I started seeing a counselor on campus. The therapy hasn't been working. I haven't felt better. In January I was diagnosed with several medical problems and have started taking medication, but basically the doctor told me to just exercise and change my diet. That is something that is so incredibly hard for me to do. I look in the mirror and am disgusted by what I see. I can't imagine why anyone cares about me. I am not attractive and no one is never going to want to date me much less love me. I donn't see any good anymore. 

When my spring term started, I started going to the gym and trying to change things, and I mean I lost a little bit of weight and things were going okay. I went home for spring break and the doctor said some things were improving. But around this time I don't know what happened but the depression that's alway been there just got dramatically worse. For the past two months I've been in a constant state of sadness. I don't smile anymore and I think about killing myself all the time. I have a plan for how I will do it. 

I've been talking to my best friend from high school and he knows about my suicidal thoughts. A couple weeks ago he took initiative and called my mom to inform her and try to get me help. I feel so bad for putting this burden on him it's not right for him to have to deal. I think I should just stop talking to people, everyone would be better off without me anyway. My friends try to tell me different but I think they're mistaken. I'm worthless. My death won't mean anything to anyone. 

I'm so tired of trying so hard to survive when nothing is getting better. Every single time in the past two and a half years, I've gotten my hopes up that maybe things were getting better and improving and then just one more thing happens. Right now I've got financial problems in addition to all the medical problems. I have bills that I'm struggling to pay for all the medical stuff that I've gone through. My family doesn't help out at all, it's all on me. I'm the one trying to get through school. But why? I don't understand why I'm doing this anymore. There are a few things that make me smile or give me just a moment of happiness, but thats just it, it's just a moment. It doesn't last. I'm so alone on the inside. I can be in a room full of people and yet I just feel cold and empty. I don't have a purpose. People say that the future will be better, but I just don't see it. All I see in the future are bills, further medical problems, a mediocre job, and lonliness. I'm never going to be happy and no one is ever going to love me. 

I've known all this for awhile, but I don't know what happened, I've just stopped trying. It's like theres been this huge dam that has been holding a river back for years. Every single time there has been a leak in the dam, I've just gone over and patched up the leak while ignoring the main problem. The rain and has just continued to pour and the river has gotten stronger. I don't know what it was, but just one more drop landed and the dam broke. And now I'm struggling in the water trying to grab on. But I've realized that maybe I shouldn't be struggling. Maybe I should just let go and drown. I'm so exhausted from trying so hard and there are no guarentees. I can't see a future, I'm stuck. And giving up seems like the best solution. I know suicide isn't really a "solution" but it would make everything stop. I'd be at peace and just not existence anymore, I'd finally get to rest forever. My spirit has been broken. I've just been beaten down and now I can't seem to find a reason to try. Why should I try? Why is live worth living? 

I think it might be possible for me to get better. But that would require so much work. There is no simple easy fix to this. But I just don't think that it is worth it to try so hard. I don't have enough strength to keep going. Theres no motivation, just emptiness. I feel like I'd rather just waste away until I finally decide to end it than try and exert effort to get better.  I truly want to give up. What kind of person does that make me? I understand that there may actually be people that care about me, but I don't feel it. I don't think it matters anymore. I'd rather die and leave them with pain than try to live with my own pain. That makes me a selfish person. 

So why am I here? Honestly? I really don't know. It's another way to reach out and try to find some meaning. A friend gave me a link to the site and so I decided to check it out. I don't think my life is worth saving, so why does anyone else? Why does it matter? I don't think this will help, but why not? 