Don't know how much longer I can make it. I want it to be over. I'm so depressed and I don't know where I can go for help. 

I was at university abroad for 2 years, but I was depressed. Last year I lived alone, and was depressed because I was bored and lonely all the time. I made the decision to come home from school and attend a university in my home town this year. I did this even though my friend abroad asked me to live with him this year (at the school abroad), which means I wouldn't have been alone and probably would have enjoyed it much more. 

Now I'm home, and I'm remembering why I left in the first place. I don't really like my friends from high school, and my family causes me so much stress. I'm living at home and going to a worse university with people I don't like, and I'm beating myself up for not staying at school abroad. I feel like a pathetic quitter who couldn't follow through and now I'm paying the consequences. There is no possible way to feel better about this situation.

I feel like my decision to come home will devastate my entire life. The entire course of my life has now changed. I feel like leaving home is what I was meant to do, and now I came home and fucked it all up. My life would probably be drastically different and better had I stayed abroad. Now every waking moment is spent thinking about how I brought all this pain upon myself and how my future is utterly bleak. I can never follow through with anything. I hate myself. 

I can't believe I've fucked up yet again. Every decision I make is the wrong one. I live every moment of my life feeling regret. 

On top of this, I've been depressed for my entire my life. I suck at making new friends and have a knack for pissing people off. I'm an alcoholic and a drug addict. I'm lazy. I'm not good looking. I'm out of shape. I'm not smart or funny. I've never held a job. I've never had a girlfriend. I'm bad at school. I have no idea what kind of job I should do. I have no good friends. I have no hobbies or interests. 

I wish I could just die. Get run over by a car or something. I can't kill myself because I don't want to upset my parents. But I can't live like this any more. 

There's no way I can get help because all this depression is my own fault, caused by my own doing. I made wrong decisions, and now I regret those decisions and feel like shit. I've spent my entire life taking the easy way out and now I'm paying for it. No amount of therapy or drugs can fix that. I just don't understand how I can make things better. 

Sorry for the rant. I just wanted to get this off my chest. I'm sure I sound like a whiny, spoiled, pathetic loser. 