A long boring post about my life so people can tell me if I'm​ actually fucked up or probably​ fine (warning: very unfiltered​)Ok so to start at the begging, I actually don't remember much of my childhood. I've been told I was a happy kid but I'm not sure how much of that was real and how much was just me copying people around me. Anyway. At the very least I acted like a happy child. I have two older sisters and for most of my life they ignored/disliked me. I never had the like "sit on each others beds and braid hair" kinda realationship with them. They thought I was immature and a cry baby. At the same time my parents didn't want me to grow up. My mom especially. She had a rough relationship with my oldest sister when my oldest sister was a teen and she turned that into taking me with her everywhere and making me promise not to grow up like my sister. This lead to me basically deciding at about age 10 that I never wanted to be the one to make her cry. Anyway at this point I lost my best friend. Actually to be honest I probably lost her as my best friend when I was about 8. She had always been my best friend and for a lot of my elementary school years she was my only friend. In 4th grade though she basically forgot I existed. Thats not even an exaggeration. Years later she told me that exact thing. The thing is, I still felt like she was my friend and I didn't have other friends. She had tons. Anyway that was the year I realized I was fat. at least I think it was. I'm not entirely sure when it happened but I knew I was rounder and taller than other girls and it meant I couldn't do as much stuff. And by fat I don't mean obese. I just mean that I had a round stomach and swore of shirts that where form fitting. Then at the end of elementary school I went off to junior high. I thought I met a group of friends who I could be with forever but alas I was wrong again. Junior high is where I really went off the rails. By this point I was faking happiness most of the time, was still the smartest person in the class and was a bit of a bitch about it and was in general not the nicest person. I wasn't, or at least hope I wasn't though I may just be lying to myself, really a bully but I definitely wasn't nice. the thing is, it was all an act. I didn't mean to be mean but it was a mix of being bad at reading social cues of what I should and should not say and what would hurt someones feelings and wanting to push people away so I didn't hurt them. This is when my self loathing sorta started. Anyway, at this point dating wasn't as much the stupid thing people did in elementary school and I hated that no one at my school liked me. So I did what post teenagers in the digital age have done and started meeting people online and I discovered what BDSM was and that I was actually kinda into it. These to things lead me to finding DDlg. Daddy Dom little girl. I had always had a really strong kid side and that appealed to me. The thing is, around this time I started questioning my sexuality. I knew I wasn't straight but I wasn't sure if I was sexual at all. Naked bodies and hot guys didn't turn me on. It was just kinda meh. And while I wanted a relationship I wasn't sure if I just wanted to be loved. I also wasn't sure if I was actually capable of feeling love. I have said I love you to my family for years but I don't know how that feels. So now I'm a bdsm curious, possibly asexual teenage girl with low self esteem that didn't think I was capable of love and liked the dynamic of DDlg. So I went online and found a daddy.  It wasn't actually that bad of a relationship all things considered. Of course one of the things that needed to be considered was that I was a 14\-15 year old girl who told a 23 year old man that I was 18 and who I had online, role\-play sex with and had sent naked pictures to because he didn't hate my body. That lasted a couple months and then he left cause he didn't have time to take care of a little. We're a lot of work. Then I found another and another and another. I had multiple at a time sometimes and at the same time I would send nudes to basically anyone that asked because I wanted to be wanted. It was around this time that I think I started getting clinically depressed. Then I met him. there was a couple guys in between. Some sorta at the same time but regardless. I met a guy. At the time I thought he was amazing. I still wanted a ddlg relationship and he seemed to know what I needed. He wasn't handsome and was narcissistic and was also in his 40's. He knew I was 15 and didn't care. Gradually our relationship escalated and I found out he was a pedophile. Like 100&amp;#37; had gotten boners from 5 year olds pedophile. And he wanted to make me one too. He would show me videos of little girls dancing and try to get me to creep on them and I hated it but I was to scared to tell him. And then the worst thing he ever did to me happened. He started ignoring me. He wouldn't text back for days. I was completely emotionally dependent on him. A couple weeks before this I got diagnosed with depression. I got meds and a therapist and neither helped a ton but I was to afraid of disappointing people to tell them. I also was starting to get low B's and C's. I had always been an A student and now I was sending nudes to a 45 year old, in my mind failing classes, drugged up on anti depressants and lying to everyone about how I felt. It was around this point I felt for the first time that I couldn't get out of bed. I layed in bed as much as I could. I would spend all day there. Eventually I broke up the 45 year old. I had a couple bad relationship where I sent nudes and pretend to be in love. I realized that I hate making people sad and will refuse to break up with them because of it. I met I girlfriend. Again online but we've been together 7 months and she hasn't seen me naked and is also my age. She is amazing. I think I might love her but again I don't know what love feels like. Anyway. We are both polyamorous and she met a guy. He ended up liking me too so now we are all together. The only problem is that while they often can stay at each others houses I live hundreds of miles away. Sometimes that makes it really hard because she won't see her messages and they'll be off doing fun things and I'll be home being sad in bed. So thats where I am now. I regularly think about killing myself. I've almost done it once or twice and I got my first d in a class. Also I'm officially over weight and my parents hate it. If you managed to read this and have any questions/thoughts ask/say. If you have advice or know how I got so fucked up please tell me. Also I still sorta have some minor pedophilic thoughts today and I don't know if its the 45 year olds fault or I'm just like this soooo yeah