I have nothing left. My life is not worth living and I'm ready to get out.I have been depressed for 3 years now. I never went to get help until yesterday and was diagnosed with depression, OCD, anxiety, and mild cases of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. Hearing this crushed me harder than anything I've ever felt before. Knowing I have to become dependent on medications and tranquilizers makes me want to vomit. 
I just turned 21 last week and I spent my birthday by myself. Nobody wanted to go out and celebrate with me. My girlfriend didn't talk to me all day and cut me off the following day. I just spent my birthday alone in my room with nobody to help me.
I've just come to realize I really don't have a purpose to live and I don't matter to anybody. I don't have many friends. The only friends I have are my two best friends that have always been there for me and I love them to death because of it. They're all I have and I just know they're getting fed up with me. I always bring them down with me and I never want that to happen because I just want them to keep living a positive life. 
The girl who just left me cut me off to be with some other guy. I did everything for this girl and she doesn't care in the slightest. I needed her most on my birthday and she didn't want to hang out with me or want to see me. She never called. My relationship before that lasted a little around five years and the next week she started dating somebody new. I just feel like I can't trust anybody and know that I'm always going to find myself getting screwed over. 
I just lost my job not too long ago and have been applying for as many jobs as possible, but nobody will hire me. My only job is in the United States Marine Corps, and I'm a reservist so I only work once a month.
I'm not smart. I don't have common sense like everybody normally has and every day I am reminded of how stupid I am. Whether I am reminded by others or by myself, it happens throughout every moment of every day. Even when I am talking to others. I struggle making conversation with people and it gets the best of me, because at the end of the day, all I have is myself and it worries me to no end.
I just hate myself. I truly fucking hate myself. Getting out of bed every morning is a struggle. Going to sleep is the most devastating part of my day. I hate sleep. I lay in my bed wondering why I hate myself so much. Knowing the voice in my head is convincing me my life is not meaningful and worthwhile makes every moment of every day more difficult than the last. Then I just cry myself to sleep hoping I don't wake up in the morning.
I have attempted to kill myself 3 times in the last few years, and each time I unfortunately failed. I have been thinking about it, and I really think it's about time I pull through and just do it. I'm tired of living a life like this. A life where I wake up feeling worse than before, and regret every decision I make every day. I'm tired of being brought down, and I'm tired of bringing others down with me. I just want to go. I want to go away from here and leave this life behind me. The agony of being alive and having to push through every day is just awful. Knowing I can't even maintain a proper relationship because of how much of a terrible person I am makes me realize I'm not worth living. Nobody should have to live like this, and god damnit I want out. I want to get the fuck out. And I'm ready.