I found a way out, and I’m taking it. I feel at peace.I finally have a peaceful way to go. I’m doing it tomorrow night, when my family is out. For the first time in a long time I feel at peace. It’s a relieving feeling, knowing that I won’t have to live with myself for much longer. 

What I hate about myself isn’t something I can alter. Not without extensive plastic surgery, but I haven’t got the money for that. I hate my face. Trust me, I realize how pathetic that sounds, but my appearance is the root of my depression. I tried so hard to accept myself, but I’ve been trapped in a vicious cycle of self-hate for years, and I’m exhausted. 

When I look in the mirror, I want to cry. I sit for hours in my room taking pictures of myself, thinking that maybe, if I get the angle right, or the lighting, I’ll see a beautiful girl when I turn the camera around. I’m always disappointed. 

My sister is extremely beautiful. She could drop everything and become a model this very second if she felt like it. I know it’s shitty to be jealous, but I can’t help it; I wish more than anything that I looked like my sister. 

I know that looks aren’t always everything, but I’m a shy person, and I don’t know how to talk to people. My personality is “quiet.” I repel people. I’ve done everything I possibly can to improve my face outside of surgery. I’m fit, I’m good with makeup, I put my best foot forward, but I’m still never good enough for my own standards. 

The most fucked up thing is that I know I’m not ugly. I’m average. People have told me that I’m not ugly. I should be grateful for having been born without any deformities or illnesses. I should be ok with being average; but I know that I won’t ever be able to accept myself. I’ll always compare myself to beautiful women and wonder why I couldn’t have been born with a lovely face. It hurts so much, knowing that I can never love myself looking like this. But it’s a fact that I’ve come to accept over years and years of feeling this way. So I’m not going to torture myself anymore. 

I’m aware of how pathetic this all sounds, but I had to get it off my chest, even if it’s to a bunch of strangers. See you all in another life.




