[28F] Tired of a life of mental illness and poor decisions. I just want to go.My life is worthless.

I graduated top of my class on high school only to get into a deep depression when I couldn't attend the college of my choice, which ended up with me not studying or working for 2 years. That entire time I was in a horribly abusive relationship that I cringed to because I had nothing else.

When I finally escaped I was 21. I went to college and got a double major in two different languages. I worked each summer as a ESL teacher abroad and landed a cruise ship job right after my graduation, which was a dream of mine. After a single contract, I gave up that dream because I was married and it was difficult to do long distance.

I decided to go to school again, to attend a post graduate course..  except that my husband left me for someone else, which led to me quitting the degree and once again dealing with severe depression for 6 months.

But I got back on my feet. I was 26 now, had a spotty CV of only summer jobs, a stint on a cruise line and an incomplete paot graduate degree... but another school in China hired me to teach.

Guess what? I fucked it all again. I was promoted from teacher to manager but within a year decided I was done with teaching and wanted to find a more longterm career for myself. Got back to Europe, tried to learn how to program, figured out it wasn't for me, started to volunteer at a crisis hotline instead and figured out that I would love to do a Master's in Social Work.

The global pandemic made this a terrible year for career changes, though. So I figured I'd return to China for another year or two while things settle down and then finally go to school and switch careers. Got a school ready to hire me, really great position, all the paperwork ready... and the border closes. That's it. No idea when it's opening up again.

Now I'm pushing 29, have not had a paying job since August 2019, have a shit career history due to stupid life choices and bipolar II (which is where all this depression came from!). 

I went from valedictorian to biggest loser in the room in 10 years, am super behind everyone my age, and feel doomed to a shit life because of my employment history.

And if all this wasn't enough, I've also just ended another (toxic) long term relationship, am living in a basement without so much as a closet, and I'm sick with a bowel obstruction probably caused by all this stress.

I just want to die. We will all die in the end, so why keep enduring all this crap?