I'm not good enough.Hey, so this is probably gonna be a bit of a long story. It probably sounds ridiculous too.

Four years ago, I met a wonderful girl. Let's just call her O. We were best friends. We could talk to eachother about absolutely everything. We would comfort and support eachother if we were going through something difficult. She was like a sister to me and I was like a brother to her.

Two years ago, we had a fight. I used to have two friends (let's call them M and S) which I had a fight with for a year before becoming friends again. O knew everything about our (M and S) fight. But as soon as we became friends again, O started to get really judgemental towards M and S (note that O didn't personally know M and S). If we were all in a groupchat together, she would immediately leave the groupchat and be kinda rude. I understand it was because she cared about me and was worried. She also didn't really like them after what they had done to me, but we had become even so I didn't get the point.

There was this one time where I had come out as gay to O, M, S and another friend called X. I came out in a groupchat with all of them in it. O immediately left the groupchat after I told them. She then went over to texting me and asking me why she was in the groupchat with M and S. I said I just wanted to tell them that because it was important to me. She got kinda judgemental towards them again, so I got really irritated and I blocked her. I saw later that she had blocked me too.

A year ago (which was a year after our little fight), I contacted her again through Instagram. I wrote a really long paragraph and apologized for a lot of things. She had read my message, and she had been going on about personal stuff and our friendship. She said it was going to take a long time before she could even forgive me. Then the conversation ended there and we never spoke to eachother again.

Yesterday, X posted a photo on Snapchat where he was hanging out with O. I thought it was weird because they had never even met eachother before. Why would they suddenly hang out? O knew that X is my best friend.

When I saw that photo, I felt anger and sadness taking over me. I felt like I was being replaced by X. They looked like they had so much fun. I'm not the type to get jealous, but it made me sad.

After I saw that photo X uploaded on his story, I talked to him about how much I miss her. Because I do miss her every day. I asked him if he could ask her if she still was angry with me. He said yes.

Hours later, he told me that she was still angry and she wouldn't take the chance to become my friend again before I was going to change. I didn't understand what she meant with that, because I don't know what I even did to make her angry. Probably because I got irritated when she judged M and S. But I got really sad when I heard that and I started breaking down. She was everything to me. Did I even matter to her?

X told me that she still talks about me, but she's still angry.

I've been crying ever since yesterday. My depression has come back after months of being gone. I almost hung myself yesterday with a belt. I'm starving myself too and I refuse to eat or drink anything right now. She was my everything and I miss her so much. I just want to die. I keep thinking that I ruined everything between us. I don't deserve anything good happening to me. I wish I could've done more. I wish I had put effort in our friendship. I suck. I'm a bad friend. I'm so sorry, O.