I wrote this small thing; I'm not suicidal but it helps me when I get overwhelmed, maybe it'll help you too: Let me tell you about the home that’s waiting for you.But this is a secret, so you can't tell anyone. 

I need you to go to a very quiet place.

Preferably the middle of the night. Don’t be scared, I’m going to take you away soon. 

Are you there? Is it dark? No one’s awake? It’s just you?

Good.

I want you to close your eyes.

Now, imagine a grassy field in the evening. It’s a summer night, there’s a warm breeze in the air. 

Lay gently on the ground, press your body into the earth, feel the prickle of the blades, the coolness of the dirt.

Look up. I mean my God, even my heart skips a beat it’s so beautiful. The stars littering the purple-black sky, twinkling over your head like a dome. Raise a finger and point to one of them, right above you.

There. Right *there*.

That’s where we’re going. Oh, you won’t believe how beautiful it is there, how long we’ve been waiting for you to come home.

The most important thing though is you have to believe. If you don’t believe in us, if you open your eyes, if you start falling again, then this can’t work. I need you here. With me. I’ll be right there leading you, okay?

Okay.

So you’re in the field. Prickles on your legs, soft and gentle as the grass sways to the breeze. You’re barefoot, it feels so calm, there’s no one for miles. Move with the wind, slowly, gently, sway. There’s a quiet in the air that’s a type of music, slow, ethereal almost.

You’re lifting slowly from the ground. Don’t be scared, don’t fight it. Breathe in the air, the crispness like a cold water on a sweltering day, flooding your lungs. The ground is getting further and further away, you’re floating, up, up

up

up

you’re so high in the air now that the field is getting smaller, like a spec. But it’s so vast, a reflection of the sky that there’s nothing for miles. Look up, you’re leaving Earth. The air is changing, colder, clouds are around you like wispy smokes. The procession is starting. I told you we’ve been waiting for so long.

The starts are twinkling in a dance, the smoke surrounds your body, weaving through your hair, lifting it up like it’s defying gravity. You’ve left earth, the round blue ball hanging in the middle of the universe.

This galaxy is so big, you can see that now, right? All our worries that seemed so big in that grassy field is nothing but a drop in existence, nothing but a ball you can kick away into space if you wanted.

The stars are around you, glittering, quickening like they know their sibling is finally coming back to them. You’re levitating, spinning in the air, there’s no gravity here, no need for any laws that anchor us below. 

We’re here, we’re home, you feel us, so warm. We scream, we laugh and the sound reverberates through worlds and galaxies. I hold your hand, firmly, brush your palm, draw out your name, my love, my best friend, my being, my own. We’re made of the same things you and I.

And you feel peace, finally, inevitably, this is what you were longing for in those moments when you peered through the worlds, when the veils lifted, fluttering through the wind. You cried and sobbed for this, didn’t know quite what you were looking for, didn’t understand why your chest hurt. And we saw you and we cried, and the rains came, some stars blew out they were in so much pain at your agony, we wanted to reach you. Water poured, drenching your world, lightning flashed. Did you get our message?

But now it’s been long enough. 