byeHello guys ! I’m a nineteen years old from *****, I’m passionate about computers, technology, music and many other things. Right now I’m supposed to be studying for my entrance exams to med school, sadly I just can’t bring myself to, not sure if it’s lazyness, stress, or maybe even depression but I haven’t been able to work at all in the past 3 months. My exams are very competitive so that means I will 100% fail them. I guess that’s sucks, but it’s not the end of the world, all that means is that I’ve wasted the last 2 years of my life and that my parents will be extremely disappointed in me.

By the way I can’t retake the exams, so I guess I’ll live with regret for the rest of my life,wishing that I would’ve worked harder during these months leading up to the exams. Sucks to suck I guess, I’ll just have to keep grinding and get a different degree.

Except I’m just tired, to be honest, I don’t want to work anymore, I don’t want to make any efforts. Having an enjoyable life is way too much work, I’ve already made a big mess of my life and I don’t want to clean it up. Why would I even try ? Even if I pull through nothing is waiting for me at the end of the tunnel, most things I enjoy are very superficial and aren’t worth all this work.
I don’t want to live my life with huge regrets, disappointed parents, and broken dreams, I’d rather end it now and be done with it.
I understand lots of people are a lot worse of than me, I’m as privileged as it get, I’m constantly reminded of that yet all it does is make me feel empty inside because of all that potential is wasted on me. I truly wish I could give my life to someone else.

I also understand suicide is a selfish act and a coward solution, but I guess I won’t feel bad when I’m dead, I won’t feel anything anymore.
Sucks for my family who truly love me and who won’t see it coming, sucks for my gf but I’m sure she’ll get over it, sucks for my friends but fuck’em anyways.
For once I’ll do something for myself.
I can’t work anymore, I’m tired.