Not Long NowLife isn't getting better.

I'm exercising, eating well, seeing a dr, a psych, trying a million different meds to absolutely no gain.

I have emotional outbursts, I argue for the sake of arguing, I'm rude to my parents and the people who support me on purpose, I don't work, study, and I'm bitter, angry and hysterical all the time. I've literally gotten worse since I started treatment five months ago, and everyone keeps saying, 'hold out, life gets better', but I think I'm at the stage now where I know it doesn't, because I'll always be me, and as long as I walk this earth, it'll be my death sentence. Life was never that great of a bargaining chip anyways, so I have no idea why people always hold that card.

Literally no one wants me. A few of my friends know I have depression and I worry about them abandoning me and guess what they've done? Fucking abandoned me. Even the select few who know I'm suicidal. They never check up on me, even though all I ever did was check up on them and went so far out of my way to make sure they were ok. My friends aren't shit. They're good people, but this has happened with everyone I've ever known, so don't hit me with that, 'you just gotta find your people'. I don't have a people. I've known a lot of people. There's something as wrong with me as there is with them.

Anyone I've ever liked has turned the other way and cut off all contact with me when I even give the slightest sign of liking them. People insist I'm a good person and have good qualities but they don't see me putting down strangers on the internet, flipping off ass hole drivers just to get a rise out of them and slamming the door on my Mum who is my heart and soul when she tries to make me feel better and talk things out. 

Everyone always leaves. 

I think it's a sign. 

Not a single one of you know me or would miss me when I'm gone, and you can't bullshit your way around it to make me think otherwise. You don't know me or my life story, what I look like, what I like and don't like, and none of it matters. There's billions of people on this planet, and while you all live out your lives, I'll be rotting in the ground somewhere beneath your feet and you'll be indifferent to it by tomorrow. 

I hope there's not an afterlife, or anything that requires thinking, existing or being reborn. It's my turn to leave, and I want that exit to be permanent. I bring nothing to this world and everyone forgets me as it is when I'm alive, so watch how quickly they'll forget me when I'm dead. 

I'm fucking sick of it all and life is full of shit anyways. Who the fuck wants to work a 40 hr week, live in a consumerist, capitalist world that's destroying our wild-life and planet, be harassed by random ass holes over when you're gonna get married and have kids, almost kill yourself pushing a baby out something the size of a straw and then meander through the fifty years you have left. Life isn't special. It's not amazing. Me being born isn't significant and was never meant to happen. My parents just up and decided to have a baby and I'm the product of that decision. I just so happened to be unlucky. My parents could've had any type of kid. I could've been anyone. But I don't want to be anyone and I'm sure as hell pissed that that 'anyone' turned out to be me in the first place. Humans are selfish and self-centred, and I think it's my turn to be selfish and self-centred for once.

I'm a frigid, cold bitch and I know everyone would be better off without me, and that's not depression talking, it's the truth. I'm a horrible human-being, so I can at least fill those shoes and push my grief onto someone else because it's sure as hell killing me. Not everyone is born inherently good and no one really chooses to exist or be born in the first place at all. It's all chance and I fucking hate that I ever had a chance in the first place.

Something died inside me when I hit puberty and ten years later, it's festered into something void of healing and it's eating me from the inside out. I can never be who I was and it kills me. I've already been dead inside for ten years. Anxiety's made me lost my mind. Eating disorders have ruined my body. Panic disorder has suffocated me. And depression has broken my heart. 

I think it's time I fucking commit.

I'm a piece of shit.

I've always been.

People are just starting to notice.

I want to kill myself so fucking badly.

It's all I want.

Fucking downvote me all you want.