Why was I treated this way four years ago?When I was in high school used to hang out with some senior guys, I was 16 years old at the time. I went to a party with his friends, I got wasted, and two of them brought me to a different house and had sex with me. I bled I felt baffled. The next day they told all their friends they were 18 and 19. I was already getting bullied and had slut rumors spread about me, so they thought I wanted it. They called me gross.


He left for the military but still kept in contact with me. I would send him pics over two years and see me when he was home. He cheated on one of his girlfriends with me.  I didn't know because the one social media I had he posted no photos but on every other platform he did. He would have sex with me then ignore me for a month. He implied I'm attractive enough to fuck but not be seen with.



He continually posts photos on social media. He constantly talks about how many girls he gets. He sleeps with lots of women. I feel so ugly. Two years ago he texted me after having a girlfriend for eight months. At first, I didn't know when he told me that I said I don't feel comfortable talking to you with a girlfriend. He sent me dozens of texts saying he missed me and posting old pics he had of me from three years ago. He asked,” if I was single would we be cool again.”

He would have sex with me then ignore me for a month. He implied I'm attractive enough to fuck but not be seen with. He said he only wanted me for sex and nothing more. He would never want to talk to me unless it was sexual. He said he felt no connection with me. He said all of this to me when I was 16-18 he was 19-21.
I haven't seen him in 4 years, but he still tries to contact me.



I feel so ugly. Why would someone treat me this way? I haven't seen him in four years, but he still tries to contact me I think I'm damaged goods. Will any guy ever want me. Have been treated this way because of how I look? Why are men like this? I don't think I could ever trust a man.


Tl;dr: have bad experiences with men feel awful about myself.
Someone 

?