Reddit, you're my only hope.Ever since 2014, my life has began to sink exactly like the Titanic. It was perfect before that. Good grades, happy family, having a lot of good friends and being able to manage time for exercise and my passion , drawing. After 2014, I had no hope left. I absolutely said and believed that god doesn't exist. My grandma, grandpa , uncle and maternal grandma all passed away that year . Having to go to more than 3 funerals wasn't my downfall . With all my love for my parents, they lost their focus on me , the middle child. Yes of course the middle child isn't really loved as much as the 19 year old successful college man , or the 3 year old munchkin. But a 16 year old who has moved to an EXTREMELY shitty school and is getting bad grades ... I don't think you'd be proud to have a son like that. I was the 4th or 5th in my class , I used to be so smart, but after all of these sudden occasions I completely lost it . I live in Lebanon, I am an American forced to learn Arabic and it's probably the reason I'm getting such low marks on my report card . I can't bear with people here , I have absolutely nothing in common with them . They are the most evil , arrogant and backstabbing people I've encountered . I was bullied on the first day on "school" yes I put these because it is not a school. It's just taking money from my parents in order to get a proper education , I'm in grade 11, I go to after-school tutoring and I hate the fact that I'm wasting my dad's money for it, not because I'm not getting good help , but the school , not the center,  is so awful that I can't good grades in it. Aside from education, the teachers , principles there are monsters, they force us to go outside even when it's snowing and raining , the teacher made a mistake in my exam that I studied a week for and didn't let me take a retest . The school is the ugliest thing I've ever seen, the playground is the size of an American public school's bathroom. And after all this suffering, the downfall is when I don't have enough time to do anything I like , all I do Is wake up and try to understand anything, then go sleep as much a I can to do the same thing over and over again. What actually stabbed me in the back is when my parents said that it was my fault that I was the one who picked the school in the first place, and they don't even confess that it's their fault that they should've asked about the school in the first place. I feel like, no I KNOW that I don't belong here, I don't deserve this treatment , I'm a good a person. The only reason I'm here because my mom loves her family more than me , I barely see her 4 hours a day, she's busy going to her father's house, my dad also goes with her with my little brother, my older brother goes out with friends and I'm all by myself. Why don't I hang out with my friends my ask? A good of my friend of mine from my old school ( which I was 10 years in ) showed me a recording of my my old "friends" when he asked them if I could attend a Christmas party their response was " " WHAT NO" " PLEASE NOT JACOB " EWW NOT THAT DUDE EVERYONE HATES HIM" So after that I completely never trusted anyone but myself. Let's set friends aside, In the summer I was in my house all alone to study and manged to lose 14 kilo grams , which was nice . But all the stress lead me to gain 22 kilograms. Being called " FATCOCK FATTYZILLA THUNDERTHIGHS" for 14 years was awful, but it felt amazing being slim, but who cares right? At this moment, I'm sitting alone as usual , my mom is having fun with her sister and grandpas house and my dad and brother is with her, and I'm just sitting here crying on my bed asking for your help reddit, what can I do ? I'm on the verge on throwing my self out of the balcony.

 


