This Is the Closest I’ve Ever Gotten. The Gun Is Down the Fucking Hall. I Can End It At Any Moment.I give up. It’s too stressful living anymore. I don’t feel like a human anymore. I feel like a fucking homework machine. I have no friends at school and everyone thinks I’m weird. I’m so arrogant. I think I’m so fucking smart, but my grades are shit. I taught myself Calculus then just gave up like a fucking pussy. Everyone has a girlfriend. Everyone is happy. All of the boys love to talk about their girlfriend and how great her pussy is, and how she likes it when he has sex with her every week. Great. Fucking amazing. I love going to a Catholic school where I don’t believe in God. Everyone wants me to pray my sadness away and believe in God. The teachers said I would make friends soon but I still have no friends. I have no life. I’m just a machine. I do work with no support. No one fucking cares. I annoy my existing friends too. I can tell they hate me. They really fucking hate me. I’m so annoying. I’m just a burden. I don’t want a fucking therapist, I just want to be normal. I want a girlfriend and a group of friends. I want to believe in a heaven where I will meet all of my dead friends. I want to be supported and loved. I want to teach myself things and I want good grades at the same time. I just want some fucking love. Is that too much to ask?  No one shares my interests. I asked my mom if she could test me for autism and she said that I “would use it as an excuse.” Well bitch, when my head is blown out and you read the fucking note, I hope you regret that. You don’t actually care. You don’t ever ask if I’m ok. If you do and I give signs that I’m not, you just give shitty advice like “talk to people.” YOU DUMBASS BITCH. I CANT TALK TO PEOPLE. I DONT KNOW HOW. Don’t even get me started on the girl I have a crush on. It’s not even a crush anymore, it’s an obsession. I haven’t seen her face in 6 months, but I still imagine myself with her when she gives obvious signals that she doesn’t want to date anyone. I should kill myself before the situation gets out of hand. In fact, I should end myself before I start acting on all of my odd fetishes I never asked for. Thanks God, you cynical fuck. I don’t know what I should do. I am wasting my time, and everyone else’s. My family and a few friends will be sad, but then they will forget.