I am an assholeThis is a vent to hopefully lighten some load on my mind. 

I am generally able to function to a decent extent at work and school, but this all turns upside down at home. Sometimes I feel so heavy I can't even move. 

Suicide clouds my mind everyday. Doorknobs and hooks send my mind spiraling down into the gutters. I know exactly what to do, and it has taken willpower to not tie the knot and go.

My psychology teacher is a nice woman. She gives good feedback on assignments, she gives her students lollipops as incentive, and lets most students venture off topic in class. Without giving much personal information, I will again repeat that she is a fairly nice person. The issue is, every time I see her, my heart starts racing and my thoughts fly away. 

I can't identify what I've done, but I know that I am probably a piece of shit. 

She has told me (and no one else) outside of class time that I was disrupting others and wasting everyone's time when asking questions. I don't talk to my neighbours in class and try to ask on-topic questions. In the rare occasions that I do raise my hand (when she asks, "any questions?"), she will usually wave at me to put my hand down. My classmates have noticed this, and some (3 girls that I will mention later in this post) make fun of me for it, trying to bring it up at every opportunity possible ("Ms. ________ REALLY hates ibWickedSmaht!").

Meanwhile, she lets one girl talk about her anxiety medication (which is by no means on-topic) and other students are able to text on their phones and chat with each other. I am by no means a saint, but in that specific class, I am especially careful. 

Asking questions in other classes now fills me with an aching sense of dread. 

I can usually deal with suicidal thoughts at home. I know that somehow, I will be able to function in the real life and contribute to society. But seeing my own thoughts get translated into real life? Physically hearing someone say that I waste peoples' time? Holy fuck it's debilitating. It's made me truly realize what a piece of shit I am. 

Today, I fucked up an experiment in psychology class and our teacher lashed out at me, telling me that everything was ruined because of me. All of the heaviness that I generally feel at home was suddenly loaded onto me. I felt my familiar pre-panic attack symptoms: dissociation, nauseousness, dizziness, trembling, feeling like I was about to choke. I'm surprised it didn't happen. 3 girls started whispering and giggling: V, M, and E. I know I'll see them in hell. If you're reading this, fuck you. 

This is the part where I feel the most guilty: My psych teacher apologized and emailed me. I wish she didn't apologize; I was in the wrong. I feel so fucking bad. She is a nice person, and I was the one who fucked everything up. 

I wish money was never expended into me. I wish no one loved me. I wish that I was aborted in the womb and replaced with someone else. Someone who wasn't a depersonalized piece of shit. Someone who could actually feel connection with the world.

I don't see any future for myself. I can't even imagine a "tomorrow" where I don't kill myself. I don't feel in control of my actions, and I can't identify whom I am. I don't see any benefits for living, but I see many consequences for suicide attempts, especially failing and permanently becoming a vegetable. 

There is no light at the end of the tunnel. I am not in a tunnel. My world is just pitch-black and there is no escape.