I fucking hate lifeThe idiots that are "my family" shames me for not studying. They only care about my grades. I dont study because I am lazy which is probably caused by my depression. Im also a bit suicidal. I'm scared to tell them because they would freak out, they raised me in a way so Im scared of them. I rarely talk to my mother and I dont even talk to my dad, he fucking disgusts me. Hearing his shitty voice repeating the same fucking thing over and over drives me fucking crazy. They literally failed me in every way. They passed their shitty genetics into me.  I have PCOS and have a balding hair despite being a 15 year old girl. Each time I look photos of me, Im disturbed. Im a fucking ugly girl with balding, thinning bushy hair, big nose, little mouth, shitty skin, poor posture, extremely hairy no matter how much I shave, chubbiness., oily skin no matter how much I shower
They would force me to eat, now im chubby and just cant stop eating. My dad would go my room and destroy my things, mock me, slap me and shout me and my mom would shout me, love my dad despite him being a shit dad when I was a little child because I have angered them. Especially my dad never cared about my personal space. 
I also have avoidant persoanlity disorder, thanks to their shitty genes I guess? I NEVER speak to anyone in my class, dont have any fucking friend, not even a distant one. When everyone in class having fun, communicating there I just sit there like a dumbass. I just try to sleep in every class break. When we have our lunch, Im the only one that eat alone. I go quieter each year passes by. I once wanted to ask what time it is to a teacher, and I waited for 5 minutes because I became very anxietic. Im also lazy and introverted so even if I had a friend, I probably would be tired of them.
My parents brought me into world that I didnt even want. Im sure when I get older, my situation will get even more shittier. Thanks to my non-existent communication skills, I probably dont even have a job. I dont want to get better, I just want to be non existent. Im not entirely suicidal, some days I just dont fucking care while some days I get very depressive. I feel inferior to people and Im jealous of them. It just breaks my heart to see my peers having fun while I just sit there browsing internet and playing games never going to outside besides school. I literally hate my family, the depressive as fuck place that I live in, my personality, how ugly I am.