My life is a sad cliche.  Please help.I live in a small town in the Midwest. I am a man, who previously identified as bisexual, then omni/pansexual. But now I think that I am ready to tag myself as gay. I am deeply in love with another young man (we are both in our early 30s) and even though I love him I know deep inside that it is a lost cause. He is, and this is where the cliche stuff comes in, an organist for a local church. He only comes over when he's extremely drunk. Only when he wants sex and when he does come over he rarely spends the night. I'm in my 30s and even though I've had boyfriends before I've never bottomed for anyone else. It's the one thing I was saving for someone and I've given it to him. Sometimes he is open about his life and sometimes he is very guarded. We both have ill mothers who are very much a part of our lives and who we are. His mother is dying of cancer brought on by alcoholism. My mother is mentally ill and chronically relapses into schizophrenia and I and my father are both alcoholics. He tells me that people around here that are openly gay "get lynched". He is so terrified even though everyone really knows. He tells me that I don't really know what love is. If I wasn't so in love with him I would just give up and try to find someone else. And that's what I think love really is. The blindness to the situation. That I ignore every instinct I have to just move on and try to meet someone else because of the way I feel about him. I don't really want any advice, although I would welcome it. I just wanted to tell someone about what's going on in my life. I just hope that some day people who are the way I am don't have to live like this. That some day people who find one another don't have to hide who they really are. I don't know how much I can really stand of this world. I've thought about posting on the /r/SuicideWatch and /r/Depression subreddits but I thought I'd post here first. I am completely lost and trapped. I don't have the money to go live where it's "cool" to be gay and he is shackled to his mother with her health condition. I want to just fly away and our wings are clipped. Please, if you are reading this and you have someone you love in your life, never let it go. Never take it for granted.