Feeling extremely desperate and depressed after boyfriend broke up with me due to my epilepsyMy boyfriend and I broke up in March due to the toll of my newly diagnosed epilepsy had on our relationship. He was trying his best to take care of me, but my seizures became out of control and I was completely slipping from sanity. My cognitive functioning had become increasingly concerning, and I have virtually no memory of the months preceding our break up. 

I'm now in control of my seizures, and (un)fortanutely have been able to snap back into the reality of my situation. I've moved back in with my dad after our split, while my boyfriend took the apartment we shared for 2 years. He is now in a new relationship with a new girl, and everything we built together for our future has been replaced with a girl he has known for less than two months. 

I've been unable to get out of bed and have had extreme crying fits prior to hearing this news. My ex called me on Wednesday, trying to arrange me picking up more of my things, and told me that he's in already in another relationship. Of course he told me after I poured my heart out and wanted to give it another shot. Apparently he thought I had already found out from social media, but I rarely use social media outside of reddit and had not discovered it yet.

It has been an extremely difficult past day, and this was the tipping point to a cliff I don't want to fall down. I've been unable to sleep or eat anything, and despite maintaining my medication I've had 3 seizures. I'm extremely volatile right now, and I feel invalidated by being replaced so easily. My epilepsy has left me with ugly physical scars and chipped teeth due to hurting myself during seizures. I know you must all get overwhelmed with people hurting from relationships, but I'm so devastated. I've cried nearly everyday since March, hardly able to finish my semester and go to work. 

Even when I talked to him the other day, he confessed that he still felt "the most connected to me more than any other person (including family) even though his new girlfriend has already told my ex she's never felt closer to anyone else in her life". I have no idea what the purpose of him telling me that - how is that supposed to be comforting?! He has a new girlfriend that is deeply in love while making love in our old bed, in our old apartment, my old life.

I want to be strong but this, combined with many other preceding outside events, is too much. I can't handle all of this. I'm losing hair. I'm mentally unable to cope with this massive break up and feelings of abandonment. I feel like my epilepsy has robbed me of everything, including my will to live. Thank you for the space to vent, but please if any of you have any advice or anything I would be really appreciative to hear it.

Thanks 