I thought it might be interesting to tell at least one person.Warning, as this might be long.

To preface this, the reason for this post is that i'm killing myself tomorrow (big surprise there, I know) and I kinda want to...I guess, just be honest for once. Even though I acknowledge it's pretty crazy.

How to start...

I guess i'll start at my first suicide attempt (I was 17).Through a comical set of circumstances, I had somehow, instead of dying the planned way, reached the final stage of hypothermia instead. I was 30 minutes away from death apparently when my mother unexpectedly came home instead of going to work (she had lost a contact lens and had to come home to get a replacement). She called an ambulance and I survived.

Just for the record, the mental hospital they sent me 2 after I got out of the ICU was completely useless. I literally could have gotten more help from a subway...or hell, even a gamestop. I'm glad that place shut down (not gonna mention the name).

Anyways, I decided to bide my time for a few years before trying again since everyone was very vigilant. I eventually discovered lucid dreaming.

This is where the interesting/insane part comes. I completely understand that it seems extremely delusional/just plain crazy.

Since I was completely indifferent to living past 30 (an arbitrary year I decided was the deadline) , I started thinking about what I could get my unconscious to do that could benefit me.

Not gonna get into my initial ideas because it was a very meandering journey of refinement/pivots. 

Basically, I wanted to make the lucid dreaming state permanent, while i'm awake. Anyone who's lucid dreamed knows that the unconscious is pretty damn amazing...and you can definitely tell that you're an organic supercomputer. 

I wanted to try and leverage the lucid dreaming state to make my unconscious alter my genetic code, creating refinements to brain function and form (after modeling different neural structures to calculate the best possible performance). 

Then, eventually alter my genetics so that my body would develop nano-technology. Nano materials, nano bots, etc. This would enable me to make better changes, faster.

So, to sum it up...my goal was recursive-self improvement. If you're familiar with the term, then you know i'm a little ambitious hehehe.

So, after attaining recursive-self improvement, i'd gather resources and fix the planet's climate/ecosystem. That was basically my #1 goal, with everything else coming after I improve my cognition enough to make more intelligent decisions. 

I know that sounds pretty damn crazy, but I figured, if it was possible, why the fuck shouldn't I try?

So that goal/delusion was the only thing that kept me from killing myself for the past 7ish years. Unfortunately, lucid dreaming has been difficult for me ( not to mention I changed my ideas of going about it ALOT). 

Recently I took up growing psilocybin mushrooms in an effort to utilize the enhanced neurogenesis and thinned barrier between the conscious and unconscious to try and make the lucid dreaming state permanent.

Obviously from this post, i've given up. I've spent nearly a decade doing this shit and i've come to the end of my patience.

If anybody else manages it, i'm happy for you. But as for me, i'm killing myself tomorrow.

Shout out to amazon for 1 day delivery, very convenient. 

Gotta admit, it's kinda nice to finally tell someone what i've been trying to do for the last 7ish years. Even if it's just a bunch of strangers on the internet...then again, maybe that's the whole reason it feels good. I don't have to worry about anybody trying to stop me and stuffing me in a mental hospital.

Sorry for the long post by the way.