Strange, isn’t it?The thing that finally does you in, isn’t the fact that both siblings have committed suicide since 2015. Not that your pedo uncle got away with it and passed the polygraph my  *own* father gave to him even though you’re father’s favorite-well, not after **that**. Not that you were then raised by an egg donor who has malignant narcissistic personality disorder and 51 years later still trying to figure out how to fucking make her love you. Instead  repeatedly donor tells me things that cut to the bone and hurt like a child would. Even after 35 fucking years of therapy for fucks sake! 
Or that I lost my kids when I became homeless due to something that never would’ve come out that way should I have been able to afford legal counsel. 

The more I write, the more I’m just thinking wtf why am **I** the one who hasn’t offed herself yet?


I asked for help with food from one of the charity places here. The first time I wrote it, (they always ask how you got to the point of needing their help, so I included some of the things but also included that I’d been alone every holiday for the past two decades...well the mod messaged me, told me I sounded entitled and manipulative. I couldn’t believe what I was reading. Part of my egg donor’s torture was letting me go hungry cause she couldn’t stand to look at me so instead of dinner was sent to bed.  If anything that ended up 1) making me extremely grateful whenever someone IS/WAS nice to me, oh fuck writing everything out...the point is I grew up thinking I wasn’t worth any help, much less feel like anything is owed to me. I was TERRIFIED of asking for help. 

Eventually this mod did help me by giving me pointers to write it without “guilting people into it” which I had absolutely no clue I might have been doing that until I brought it up in therapy yesterday. She explained as a child, when you’re constantly denied basic needs such as food, safety, nurture, that you learn to get needs met in ways that could possibly be manipulative, but it wasn’t like a greedy meiser saying hmmmm what can I get my hands on today?

No. I’d not only been suicidal off and on throughout the holidays, but stupidly did the secret Santa exchange because I NEEDED TO FEEL PART OF SOMETHING, but most of all a tiny amount of joy after driving up and down the highway several times trying to let the wheel go to run into the pillars. Because I should’ve used that 20 dollars for food I was shamed also, but I didn’t do it thinking I’d run out of money. I have not ONE soul in the universe that gives one shit about me and I needed some kind of kindness somehow. But I didn’t get drunk like my egg donor did every fucking day, didn’t do drugs or anything else unhealthy. But I am very sensitive to feeling hungry, AND I’m on psychiatric medication that creates an insatiable appetite therefore I eat a lot of rice and other cheap yet unhealthy things because that’s how the system works and have a long history of food being withheld throughout childhood that I was an emotional wreck...

So fine. I got help. 

Then Christmas night comes. No food whatsoever. Period. Nada. Completely alone again, feeling the death twinge, but instead I did again, what my therapist has been trying to teach me for the past seven years. I had initially gone to the food pantry sub and got a lot of help, but it would take a couple days for anything to show up...so on Christmas night, I went to the assistance place here just asking for a little help to somehow find something open so I could eat, I was SO very hungry, especially given the few meds I’m on that increase hunger but also my issues with having food withheld from me *often* growing up.  I again didn’t go there to get MORE free food cause I’m an entitled scum like they pretty much insinuated after downvoted me to nothing, didn’t bother to pm me and explain why I shouldn’t be doing it, and someone did end up helping me and I was able to get some Chinese food....

So they have this acts of greed sub they talk in naming all the scammers to watch out for and me going into the two assistance subs was listed. 

Before I saw mine, I saw some others that were truly horrendously greedy and many even possibly pathological. So many were so bad I felt embarrassment for them. 

THen like I said....instead of being kind adults to me and messaging me and letting me know that I was pushing it by asking a second time for just ANYTHING I was just so hungry, neighbors’ food smells were driving me crazy because I live in a high rise and you can smell anything the others are cooking...they wrote about me like I’m the worthless scum I already was feeling just for the fact that I needed to ask for help, and having 51 years being told I’m not worth anyone’s help. Then in my initial thank you post, one of the mod changed it to go from a simple thank you, to saying IM GONNA GO GET A GIANT PIZZA NOW AND EVEN GO BUY SOMETHING FROM MY AMAZON LIST THAT SOMEONE DIDNT GET ME! The SHAME I am feeling after seeing that now knowing people really think that of me now when I was NOT. DOING. ANYTHING. DEVIOUS.  When the Christmas post was getting downvoted I asked....I probably really did do something wrong, but my only motivation posting that was to alleviate very PAINFUL hunger that was bringing up a huge amount of childhood trauma, and the loneliness was intensifying it, but when I asked why I was being downvoted someone from there, instead of explaining, said ohhh it’s just trolls don’t worry about them! At first I believed him and thanked him for the reassurance. I also pm’d him to thank him again. Then he started saying strange things that I just realized also this morning were just headgames he was playing with me?? Why? Why was all of this stuff done in public forums to shame me after the enormous shame I was already feeling? I know that this mod was playing games with me because now he has blocked me. The last thing he sent me was this. You’re not really you when you’re hangry are you? I replied I don’t know what that word means, next thing I knew he’d blocked me. 

This whole thing was terrifying to do in the first place, and my worst fears...NIGHTMARES came to fruition instead.  Couldn’t they have just said we prefer you post to only one assistance subreddit within x amount of time instead of fucking with someone seriously mentally ill and possibly get the worst outcome of that??

I guess I’m writing this all out beforehand. I’m not swearing I’m going to speed over the highway to run into the pillars. I’ve been misunderstood for so many things in life and this was a huge one because on my side I know I was starving and in survival mode and doing something my therapist was trying to help me with for years and now ....shame. So much shame that I don’t know if I can even continue. I had so many wonderful people help me the day or two prior, I actually felt loved for the first time. 

Now I realize that those that did help, were who I wish I could be, but being on disability, the most I can do is continue to buy yarn and make hats, scarves, and blankets all year long for when winter comes and give them out to the homeless throughout my city. 

But none of that even matters anymore. This shame and humiliation and worthlessness has become larger monster than anything I’ve dealt with.  It’s everything I’ve ever been told about myself only now it’s much worse because so many made fun and shamed me there.  They edited my POST and made me sound like a scamming PIG! I edited it back somewhat, but the buy a huge pizza part remains.  

I just cannot deal with this. My brother took his life June of last year. Sister, march 10, 2015. 

It doesn’t feel right that I’m around still.