Fiance and I broke up and I already feel like I am deadI've been depressed for as long as I can remember and finally started to get help with it along with other issues a few years ago. The past few months have probably been the worst of it all and until a few days ago I had my fiance to rely on. I know that I shouldn't rely on my ex-fiance as much as I did, but now that he is gone I just feel like ending it all. 

We broke up after drifting apart because I'm always too sad and he doesn't know how to deal with that besides getting angry at me for being self-depreciating. I've been in many unhealthy relationships before meeting him almost 4 years ago where I was told I that I was never good enough, I was ugly, and that no one would ever actually care about me. I've always had low self-esteem because of these relationships paired with the fact that most of my relationships ended because I caught them cheating on me. 

I trust people fairly easily even after being hurt so many times and continue to be hurt because I never seem to learn. I have almost no friends and I don't want to bother the few who do stick around with my issues. 

This past Christmas I got super depressed and checked myself into a hospital to be put on suicide watch after an occasion where my ex-fiance got mad at me for being sad and stopped talking to me while I was visiting him on his day off. I got really hurt and packed my things and said I was going home, but called a Lyft to take me to the hospital since I haven't been able to drive with my everchanging medication cocktail.

The week I spent in there was so lonely and my ex-fiance and best friend seemed so disappointed in me for choosing the hospital instead of talking to them, but it's hard when I am constantly feeling like I'm a bother to them. I try hard not to inconvenience anyone and I just felt like even more of a failure so I tried to pretend I was okay so I could get released. 

Pretending worked for a few weeks, but then it just became unbearable and I kept wanting to go back to stop inconveniencing everyone again. My visits with my ex-fiance got worse and worse. I could feel him get more and more distant through messaging and spending time with him. He started playing league of legends when I was around and I would lie on his bed and watch or look at my phone while he played multiple games alone. I felt so ignored, but being the messed up person I am, I thought that things were okay because at least I could see him once or twice a week and as long as I was around him I felt better. 

I feel like I am rambling too much and I'll try to get to my point soon I promise. I want to check myself into a hospital again, but I'm scared of the disappointment that will come from my roommate/best friend and my family. They think that I was getting better and I kept lying to myself and them thinking that everything would be okay. I hate that I am letting one person who couldn't take the time to comfort me when I needed it most define the pain I am feeling and I hate that I can't be happier or be more like the woman I was when we first met. 

Last night was easy to get to bed because I just kept crying until I passed out, but tonight is a nightmare. I cried myself to sleep, but ended up waking up because of a nightmare. My brain is on full speed and telling me that I am worthless and replaying all the good moments and things leading to the breakup. I know that time will make things easier, but right now I am at the lowest point I have ever been and just wish that I could die in my sleep and not wake up to this nightmare where he is gone anymore. 

I don't know what I need, but I don't really have anyone to talk to since I push everyone away with my sadness. I just need to get through tonight and then focus on the next day and then repeat it over and over until I am either numb to this pain or my medication cocktail starts to work. I just don't want to live and I don't want to die and disapoint the people who are still around for me. Life is feeling so difficult for me right now.