HiHi. I'm sorry.

I heard you guys like to help. I thought I'd come here to read other people's stories and how they managed to feel better. I can't. Text is like a wall. All I can do is look at it. I don't know why I'm writting this, I don't know who you guys are. I'm normally a /b/tard, but for good reason, /b/ doesn't deal with this kind of shit. I probably won't read replies, but I'll try to, maybe tomorrow. Let me just post the highlights of my life, someone needs to know.

It started out when I was 11 or 12. One day, I was playing megaman with my best friend in his basement and his mom's boyfriend showed up and asked if we wanted to take a ride with him and the rest of his family. We thought nah, we'd just stay there and play games. So they left, and they never came back. The guy probably needed help, he locked my friend's mom and his two children (he had two daughters) in the car and set it on fire in the woods, then hung himself. That was the last day I ever saw my friend, he went to live with his dad and I have no idea what happened to him. To anyone who asks I say he suicided.

What the fuck is this life we're living. How can you expect people to put so much effort in something that can just be destroyed into shit by anyone who decides to do so. What if I had been in that car, what if it was my dad who went ape shit, what if I could've stopped him, why the fuck am I alive. Why the fuck am I here.

And so I grow up with these questions bumping up and down in my head endlessly. Needless to say I developped an "interface" personnality to keep on living, which is a perfect copy of what I used to be before the incident that interacts with people around me, end-users of my personnality who use me for my good, raw, sense of humour for a smile and my rather impeccable sense of logic for easy math help. I realized I was pretty good looking and started meeting girls. I thought that would make me happy again. If you've ever asked yourself what it is to be a true asshole, ask yourself no more. Just keep reading. I have lied to, manipulated and fucked more girls than any other teen I know. I'd try them like patches and, seeing how it wasn't fixing anything, would go and try another patch. And another. And another. Until I realized the problem was not the quality of the patch but the size of the hole. I've barely even talked with a girl ever since.

I was pretty good at school, and all I had to do for A's was sit down in class, listen, and puke all the information out during exams. It worked well enough to get me into my country's top University (I'm canadian, go figure out where I go) in one of their harder programs, computer science. Of course that kind of stuff doesn't work anymore, anyone who has been to university knows the amount of work you have to put in no matter how smart you think you are. And so I'm stuck.

I carried that shell of a body for 8 years now, I'm almost 20, and I'm stuck. I'm sorry everyone but that's as far as I can go. I drink myself to sleep almost every night. I try to get interested in the subject that I study, but holy fuck. How can I work hard and make sacrifices for the 3 years I need to finish my B.S. if I can barely live with myself when I don't.

I will not be contempt with a minimum wage job living alone at my parents.
There are holes and gaps in someone's life that no amount of internet and gaming can fill.
I am literally immune to help and attention. If you try to, you will probably be ignored or be called a faggot, for I generally feel like no one can really imagine the pain and loneliness I've been going through. I'm sorry. You're probably not a faggot.
And I can't do this anymore. I'm going to get shitfaced again, I hope this 2-3 minute long peek into my life wasn't too dark. I rarely let people in here.