I'm shit at titles but I hate my lifeMaybe this isn't the right sub, maybe I should post or cross-post to depression. I don't want to kill myself but I just don't want to be alive anymore.

I've struggled with depression for a very long time. I was abused as a child and eventually kicked out of my home just before college. Funnily enough that's when things got better for me. I started taking Lexapro, I started seeing a therapist, and I met the man that I would eventually call my husband.

We were together for a year and a half, lived together for most of that, before we got married. 

And now, just before our anniversary, he had a mental breakdown. I'm not sure what caused it, we've had marital issues it's true but nothing that we couldn't have come back from. We are just young and we're still learning proper communication tactics and had a lot on our plates.

He looked happy, he acted happy, he was great at ignoring bad feelings but they always built up and ended in a fight. About two weeks ago he had his break. He became increasingly confused and eventually told me that he wanted to die. We got him checked into a psychiatric care facility and he spent a week there. The whole time I kept his family updated on his decline and subsequent progress. Near the end his mother became increasingly hostile. Claiming she was going to take him home and I wasn't welcome. Telling me that I had caused this. I told her that if he wanted to go home without me that I wouldn't fight it. He's sick and needs help that I'm ill equipped to handle.( I would have figured it out myself, and it would have been easier if she'd helped instead of fighting me but I digress.) My husband did eventually choose to go home with his mom. Alone. Multiple states away. I lost the car(his before we married), the house(couldn't make rent without him), and my job( can't get to work without a car). We are indefinitely separated. There hasn't been talk of divorce yet but I'm sure it is eminent. 

So here I am. Podunk Fucking nowhere, no car, no job, no life, no husband, no future, and I just want to turn it all off. I don't want to kill myself, I never formed a plan. I'm probably too much of a bitch to go through with it if I wanted to. But if someone gave me a button that would let me just... stop.

They wouldn't even have to finish the question.

I feel like a five year old. I just want to throw myself down and scream and cry. I want my best friend back. I want my partner back. Of course I want him happy and healthy, but I want him happy and healthy with me. I hate this. I hate this situation. I hate all of this.