I can't force myself to care anymoreSorry if this doesn't make sense, my memories from the last few months are a little broken. Can't really piece it together too well.  


A little over 7 months ago, I broke up with my long term highschool girlfriend in search of a more fulfilling life. When we got together, she didn't want me smoking weed anymore, so I stopped. I was a pothead of a sort, so this made me a little sad, but I decided it was worth it. So naturally, when we broke up, I started smoking again. What else should a highschool senior be doing? I smoked every single day for about 7 months, trying all sorts of new drugs along the way. Cigarettes. Alcohol. Opiates. Shrooms. LSD. MDMA. Cocaine. All sorts of fun stuff. I thought that they would give me a new perspective on life, but they only left me as a shell of the person I used to be. I graduated high school about 3 months after I broke up with her, and that's when my drug use really took off. I chose to attend college about 300 miles away from my hometown in an effort to start anew, to be a different person. But now, all I am is alone. I live in a huge city with no money, I'm on the verge of failing some important classes, and have nothing left. All I want is to not be me anymore. I don't want to be anyone. I just want to be nothing. The more and more that I wonder what else I could have been, the more and more it all hurts. All the cries for help, all the lonely nights, all the account overdrawal emails and antidepressants that never worked, they all contributed to who I am as a person today. I've tried to blame people for creating the monster that I am, but the only person there is to blame is me. I'm my own Dr. Frankenstein. After I tried to kill myself, I thought it best to seek out a therapist, and maybe some antidepressant medication. Therapy doesn't do jack shit, and the only thing I have to thank my medication for is my now nonexistent sex drive. Life is so fucking bland, and christ, it's fucking killing me. 