I'll tell you my storyI was scared of my father since I can remember. I was mentally and physically abused. More mentally tho. Physically it wasn't "that bad" - he spanked me every time I did something wrong. He also often jerked me. But I wasn't really a naughty kid. It was more like: your daughter is crying, because she's fucking 5? Yeah, spank and jerk her, then yell at her to let her know she's the worst. It still wasn't that bad, I mean, I mostly didn't even have any bruises. But I started being scared every time he was close to me. My mother wasn't a good person, but she sometimes hugged me after my father did something to me. She didn't stand for physical abuse. 

Both of my parents were always insulting me. For everything. I thought I was the worst, that everyone hated me, that I was not worth talking with. It felt like I was doing everything wrong. I've felt like a failure even in fucking kindergarten. 

I went to the elementary school. I was very shy and scared of meeting new people (*"They'll hate me as everyone does."*). I met one girl, we became friends and you know what? After two years or so she hit me in the face with a metal gate and said I was ugly and that no one liked me. We were fucking 8 years old, like??? I didn't even know kids can be so terrible for others. But well, she was right - no one from our school liked me. They started making fun of me, like, you know, a shy girl without any friends won't tell anyone, won't have anyone by her side, won't do shit with whatever you'd do to her. 

When I was 10 they started also jerking me, sometimes hitting me, stealing my food, water or other things. So, you know, I was abused at school and at home. I had no one. I couldn't feel safe anywhere. 

When I was 12 I had the worst argument with my parents in my whole life. My mother told me that I had ruined her life and that she hated me. I got to know that they didn't want to have a kid and didn't really love each other - they decided to get married bacause my mother got up the duff. So they blamed me for ruining their life. That was the first time my mother hit me. I started crying. Like, that really broke me (*"Am I really that terrible that even s h e hits me? I must really be the worst. I fucking hate myself."*). My father got annoyed by my crying and started jerking me, I fell on the floor and started crying even louder - I felt so fucking bad, I was so done. He shouted something like "Stop crying or I'll fucking kill you". I said "Then just finally do it". Then he put his hands on my face. Tightly. I couldn't breath. I was so fucking scared. I thought I was going to die. 

I started having panic attacks. Now I know that situation was a main reason. But I found this out few years later. I also started cutting myself. I was 12 and I wanted to fucking die. I hated myself, my life, I hated everything. I just wanted it all to stop.

I went to the middle school. I had one friend. She was abused by the same persons in our previous school, so we decided to hold together. Many people didn't like me. As always. I wanted to be an emo/a punk (I don't really know, I just wanted to show people I was different, I guess), but well, that was a good reason for others not to like me (I think they wouldn't like me anyway). I and this friend met a group of people once, they wanted to become friends with us and I got really exited, because I've never really had friends (except this girl, of course). We started meeting pretty often. 

We were 14, they were 15-16 and they were already drinking really frequently. Year later they also started smoking weed. I and this friend, let's call her X, got into this too. We started drinking and smoking (cigarettes and weed). We thought it was cool, you know, you could just stop thinking for a moment and all your problems didn't matter for a while. *For a while.* 

I also went to the psychiatrists for the first time, my parents still didn't really care. I started taking meds but they've never worked. (Wow, maybe that's because my coping mechanisms were alcohol and fucking drugs.)

Time passed, we were 16. I and X went to the same high school, she got a new boyfriend and didn't have time for me anymore. But that was okay, right? I still had this group of friends, who liked drinking and smoking with me, right? Well, *no.* 

They started taking other drugs and designer drugs (or legal highs? I don't really know how you call it, hope you know what I mean). So I knew designer drugs were a real shit, God knows what they're really made of. But I didn't care, I felt like shit and I wanted to die, so for real, who cares. But well, I often had panic attacks or anxiety attacks after doing drugs, I still liked it, 'cause I could *stop thinking about all this shit for a while*, but it wasn't worth it. I stopped after about two months. I prefered alcohol. And meds. Yes, I was overdosing fucking meds instead of doing drugs. I even had serotonin syndrome once. But again I stopped after about two months. Because I didn't feel okay after doing drugs, after overdosing meds, after getting drunk. I just didn't feel okay at all. 

X and her boyfriend started taking designer drugs really often. Everyday. They were high every single day. Even during lessons. I was scared, I didn't want them to take them. They had changed and I wanted my friends back. I wanted them to stop. But nothing worked, they didn't want to stop. Every single day I saw them like this. 

I stopped meeting that group of friends. I didn't want to hang out with junkies anymore. But one day I tried to reach X or her boyfriend. I texted them thousand times, I called thousand times and there was no respond. Aftyer few hours I called these old friends and they said only that something bad probably had happened. I immediately ran to the place I thought they would be at. And I found them. Barely alive. They overdosed and took something weird. They didn't even know what. They were so aggressive, trying to hit me, screaming so damn load, crying. I was frightened. But I called their parents and an ambulance. Few hours later their parents and police wanted me to come to the hospital and tell them what I knew. My parents were so fucking mad, they thought I was a junkie. They didn't believe me.

X and her boyfriend were unconscious for few days. I was so damn terrified. Their parents started to hate me. They said everything was my fault and that I was the worst friend they could have. They blamed me for everything even when the doctor said that I saved their fucking lifes. Because I did. If I didn't run there and call an ambulance, they would be dead. But no one cared, they just hated me. As everyone always does. 

They got expelled from the school. I was alone again. I had no one again. *Everyone* thought I was a junkie. People from my class, teachers. Everyone. I felt like shit every single day at this school, teachers wanted me to fail the year. I had to change school.

Now I'm 18, I'm in the final year of high school. X is in another school but we still talk sometimes. Not really often tho. In my school I have no one. I feel like shit every day. I hate my life and I hate myself even more. I often cut myself. I don't drink nor take drugs. I prefer being sober. I've been taking meds for about 3 years now and they've never worked. I have health issues so I often miss my classes. It's not really my fault, I'm doing my best. I often throw up, maybe that's because of so much stress, I don't know. It's just like... I go to school and few minutes before the lesson I just feel so overwhelmed, I go to the bathroom to throw up or have a panic attack there. Headmistress doesn't understand this and want to expell me. In my fucking final year. 

I just have enough. I don't know what I should do anymore. I don't wanna live, but I don't think I really wanna die. I just want to be good, but it's never been good. I don't believe I'll pass final exams or get to the university. I've always thought I'd be dead at this time. I've never planned anything, cuz I was like "well, I'll just kill myself anyway". And that's literally the only option I see. Suicide. I'm a failure, I can't do anything right, I can't even live properly. I won't be able to just go to university, find a job and live a normal life. I can't. I won't make this. I'm too weak, I'm such a mess. I just... I just don't want to live like this anymore. 

I don't really know what's the point of this post. I needed to get all these thoughts out of my head. Thank you for reading (if anyone's gonna read this). I hope you'll have a good day.