Waiting to say goodbyeI've been suffering from depression for about 7 years I think. As time passed by, things only got worse and worse. It started as continued sadness, loneliness and crying.. and now I started cutting myself (forearms), have a plan on how to kill myself and I'm taking more than 12mg of benzo's a day just not to feel anxiety and to finnaly sleep (taking the pills from my parents, behind the back, they don't know about cutting/pills). 

For some reason, I feel like I don't want to get help. I was hospitalized for 4 months 2 years ago, had counseling for who knows how much time, was taking Xanax, Zoloft and 2 other meds whose name I don't remember. 

I just want to die. I pray for it litterally. Just end this please. Yea I know, life doesn't always suck, but it isn't the way I want it to be, in a way I can see myself happy. I forgot how that feels. Can't get anyrhing I want just because life doesn't work that way. By the way, I'm not blaming life for my misery, this is all because of myself,.my wishes, dreams and percepcion. But, how can you change what a person desires? How he sees things? What he wants? What attracts him? No amount of pep talk can do that.. That's why I think that I can't be helped, and I guess that's what this  feeling of "not wanting help" means. The feeling that you can't be fixed. That you are broken forever.

I need to go and get admitted to a hospital as soon as possible (so I can get some meds to ease my pain), since I'm cutting a lot lately and I think I'm in danger of going with my suicide before than I should. My goal for my life is to outlive my parents and then go with my plan of suicide. That's the only thing. I know I can't be happy, I even forgot what that means. Just to minimise the trauma and the stress so I can endure this life untill they are gone. Won't be so long, sincs they both have over 67 years. I hope I can endure about 20 years more, that's my life goal now, my meaning. 

Can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I hope they die soon, as peacful as possible. After that I can finnaly have what I cried for.. peace.

I prepared everything, two possible methods, equipment, note in the drawer, things I'll gi e my friends since I won't be needing them. Everything is in place, just waiting for it's time.

How much worse can life get, when it's starts to be just enduring the awful stuff.. just survival? When hope of living happy dies, and all that's left is a prisoner, just waiting for his execution day.