The thoughts for me are not voluntary.So many people, including my family, tell me "oh, you'll get over it, it's all in your head, it could be worse".

But truth is, I fear my life can be over anytime just as much as someone with.. I don't know... someone with thyroid storm? I can't think of a good example, my apologies.

But so many people think suicide is a choice, and so many people have made the decision to commit suicide, but for me *it was never a voluntary choice*.

I didn't have time to say goodbye or write a note, because one second I'd be fine and the next I'd be rushed to the hospital because I swallowed a whole bottle of pills or because I ran into traffic. 

I find it hard to explain to people, even professionals, that "I have attempted suicide, but I don't want to die. I'm not suicidal. I'm not depressed. I'm just scared". 

I do not want medication because I'm afraid I will overdose on all of it and obviously I don't keep razors in my room (for some odd reason before the last time I was hospitalized my roommate kept one of his razors in the room, probably because it was new and he didn't have a chance to put it in the bathroom yet). 

I try so hard to protect myself from.. myself? If I have to walk at night, I make sure my boyfriend is walking with me or I get a ride. I constantly distract myself so I don't have to deal with the impulses. 

I have thought it could be SOCD or suicidal obsessions but I've been hospitalized and now in outpatient treatment for over a month and they can't figure it out, just pretty much throwing around random things like "unspecified anxiety" "major depressive disorder with recurrent psychosis" and the one that really confused the fuck out of me "Tourette's behavior" or some shit like that. I don't even have any verbal or motor tics, I just suck at speaking sometimes. 

I'm just so scared I'll take my own life without being able to control myself, I don't want to die and I don't want to live my life in an institution with bland food and shitty music. 