I just don't know what to doI've been suicidal practically my whole life. My whole life has been one giant train wreck and at this point I don't even know why I'm still trying. I've tried to kill myself many times and when something I tried that I thought couldn't fail did fail I thought maybe there was a reason for me being here.

But I'm starting to think I just messed up and I really should've just died back when I was 13. I'm 19 years old now, almost 20, and I'm just so lost.

My life has just been trauma after trauma and abuse after abuse. I finally felt like I found someone that understood me but I think I'm too much for him. I was too much for my ex so I wouldn't be surprised if that was the case here too. I'm too volatile, I get too stressed over anything and everything, sex is difficult for me, and I'm just overall a generally horrible person to be around and stay with. I don't want to keep burdening him anymore with me. I'm not worth it. I'm pretty sure he's only here because I helped him a ton when we first met so he feels some sick sense of devotion to me. He's got a lot of issues too and I don't want to put more on him anymore. It's just too much for one person.

But every single day I have a flashback. I have something that bothers me. Reminds me of something that I can't deal with. I'm so useless at almost 20 I can't even hold down a normal job. I can't drive because I'm terrified. I can't go to classes because I'm terrified. I'm trying -- I enrolled myself in a few things but I know it's just going to go to waste because I won't be able to follow through with it. There's no way. I'll sit in class for maybe 20 minutes then probably have to excuse myself for a panic attack and then never go back again.

My whole family hates me. The only one who doesn't is my father and I'm just draining the life right out of him I'm sure. I don't really have any close friendships anymore because I don't know how. I just don't know why I'm still here, other then my boyfriend, but I have a feeling soon he'll get sick of me too and then I'd really have no reason to keep trying. When I was younger I used to tell myself things would get better and that I would be able to be happy and be okay but I was just lying to myself. I don't think I'll ever be okay and I just want these thoughts to go away. 