Incredibly Disturbed Relationship has made me suicidalI was 23 she was 22. It was both our first relationships. She loved the hell out of me. I went for it just because it was a possibility. She ended up being the sweetest gal in the whole world. But I wasn't that attracted to her. We went around and around and she gave me so much grace and slack and eventually she decided it wasn't worth it anymore. I got really sad and 2 months later we agreed to be friends after I spilled my heart out to her. Then I forced the issue after she was falling in love again and I had us become a real couple for the first time. But I felt like I never felt it, and I don't know why she looks beautiful the pictures now. I even had a really surreal experiences where when I had her I didn't care that much but when I didn't I wanted her and it was all up to me but I couldn't desire her correctly when I had her. I kept flip flopping and she became beautiful the moment I declined and not interesting the moment I accepted. She was there for me through everything. We talked about everything. We had so much in common intellectually it was amazing. She was really bonded to me, she believed in me through thick and thin and I couldn't feel it correctly for whatever reason, part of it was sexual attraction, part of it was being afraid to let people close, part of it was just being stupid.

We did so much together, so many priceless memories. I never was completely emotionally available even when I said I was. I said it was because of her appearance and it ripped her to shreds, I was able to smooth it over, back and forth we went over and over and over and I felt like I was lying to myself and her the whole time. I even came up with other reasons why I couldn't feel it that easily. She loved me for who I was and had no pressure on me to do anything in particular as long as I loved her. It was so amazing. We really had a profound bond but it was tainted by my terrible heart.

I've always wanted a relationship so bad, she didn't as much but she fell for me so hard because she was sheltered and it was her first time for everything. I was so attached to her but couldn't feel it. She was less needy but could really feel it. I tore it down over and over and I don't know why. I even threatened suicide to prove how much I knew what i was doing was wrong. The first part of our relationship I never really committed and the second part I said I would and the moment I regained her trust and it seemed we were in a relationship I ripped it apart before it could even be enjoyed. That was the opposite of what I wanted to do. She said I was her's and I gave her a blank look. She reach in for a kiss and I looked away. I acted like a monster to scare her off even though it was the last thing I wanted to do.

THe guilt grew and grew and I had a dream of some hot girl and idk i was so impulsive and I decided to act crazy to push her away after 2 1/2 years of belief and a break up of two months. She warned me of everything and gave me chances and I pushed through the boundries anyway. Idk why she was the most amazing woman I could meet. Now I have completely destroyed our relationship to the point legal action has been threatened. I went crazy when she cut me off and I have been pacing non stop and yellinig and crying and not eating and waking up at 2am every night. I went to a mental hospital for the first time and got out but then I reverted back to this terrible cycle of guilt and regret and not knowing why I couldn't love this girl who was a dream come true and now she is gone. All she wanted was to be enough for me. She was everything to me and I still destroyed it. Now the whole world feels like it's mocking me and I can barley anything. It feelings like there is a massive open wound in my head and it just won't fade at all. I don't deserve to live after the destruction I caused. I am a terrible person with no dignity.

I can't even reconcile why I did it. I destroyed the relationship and now I am feeling so much regret. She loved me but she had to completely cut me off because I got that bad. I feel like I choose the bad ending just to see what would happen and I really wanted to do the good ending. And it's so ironic because our lives were finally coming together professionally for us to be a great match. I am so stupid. I destroyed a love so pure. She loved me so purely and innocently and I crushed it into the ground. I am wired and I pace and pace and I can't stop feelings this self destruction. I feel I would do anything to smooth it over but she gave me every chance and it's over now. She loved me with all her heart and now I am a stranger and enemy. I gave up on myself and forced her to get hurt and give up on me. It is so traumatizing I can't even comprehend all the memories and what I should have done differently. We were talking about moving out together and she was at the peak of being in love with me 9 weeks ago and now she hates me to her core and never will speak to me again. We talked every day and hung out most days for 2 1/2 years and I ripped it to shreds because I didn't think she was good enough for some reason but the moment I didn't have her I entered this psychotic cycle of sadness. She was always amazing and I couldn't see it and idk why. It hurts so bad I let us both down and I don't know why i behaved this way. I never could commit. Every moment of my life feels like a joke and it's mocking me and this girl who believed in me despite all my issues has now had to make me an enemy because I pushed her away that hard, the moment it was over I realized how much I loved her. I got sadder and sadder as I pushed her away. It makes no sense. So many times I wish I could reach out and so many times I have things happen I would love to share. I completely rejected her and now the pain and guilt is unbearable. She was supposed to be the one but I ruined it through self hate, delusional selfishness, self sabatoge. She gave me every chance. It's over. It's like I pushed away the woman I loved most because I wanted to prove to myself that I am unlovable and a hateful person. I did the things to prove to myself how bad I am. Idk how I became this. But be careful, however you act you will become. Don't act as something you are not or you will gradually become it. I was a monster but I loved her. A hopeless romantic with a heart made of stone. I have all the gifts she has given me, all the photos, all the memories. All the innocence lost and crushed. She looks more beautiful in her photos then she ever did before and it makes me sick like God is taunting me when I couldn't see her beauty before. The worst part is I was in control of everything the whole time. We had a great life planned and I didn't give her any time to enjoy it. I just destroyed it as brutally as possible despite loving it and now I mourn incessantly.

It has been over and gone on for a month now and I have never improved. 3 hours of sleep a night for a month, not eating much, cant think to do anything, just barely functioning because of guilt and loss and complete immorality and smarts and compassion for others. I feel like I loved her but I pushed her away and I don't understand why I would destroy the ones I love most. It's hard to live knowing that is your history. I keep begging for her to hear my voice and reach out but I pushed her away so brutally it is a pipe dream. I keep wishing anything could help us. But the woman who cared with every fiber of her being has left me in the cold and I completely deserve it.