I don't know how to be happyI'm not sure if I'm really serious about this, but every day for the past few weeks, I've thought about suicide.  I just don't feel happy anymore, but I don't feel sad either - I just don't really feel much of anything.  There are distractions, but those only last for an hour, maybe two - when I drink they last longer, and I end up forgetting for up to a day, but then it just comes back.  Sometimes, I'll just look at porn all day, and that at least keeps my mind away.  I'm a PhD student, and I'm failing my classes.  I don't really have any friends - I had friends, back at home, but here, I only have acquaintances.  In fact, I felt like I'd found a group of people that I actually enjoy being with - that was a year ago, and I had about 8 months to spend with them.  Then it was gone, and now I'm here, in a cold, dark city, surrounded by "friends" that I'm not very fond of, and I feel that they're not that fond of me.  I always told myself that I'd work hard and happiness would come later - now I'm at the university of my dreams, as a PhD student, and I'm realizing that I might not be smart enough or strong enough to do this.  Sure, if I fail out this semester, then I'll be able to find a job afterwards, but what then?  I had a year of work experience before this, and every single day was the loneliest, most depressing experience of my life.  I had no friends, nothing to look forward to - the only thing I actually looked forward to was the end of the internship, but there's no end like that when you start your career.  I always think about it, and I always come to the conclusion that I should just end it instead of living in my deathbed for the next 50-60 years.  Because that's what it felt like, and these thoughts scare me a lot - I daydreamed today about what the least painful way to die would be, what I would write in a note, if I would write a note, how could I do it without anyone knowing for the longest time, or maybe there is some way that I can do it without hurting my family.
Is there some secret to life that I've been unaware of my whole life?  Am I missing some integral part of the human experience that would make me whole?  I'm not asking for people to talk me out of anything - at this point, it's just a hypothetical that's been developing very very slowly.  I hope you don't think that I'm doing this out of some need for attention from strangers - I honestly just want help.  These thoughts scare me, and my growing yearning for nothingness scares me.