It wasn’t worth it.A while ago I left public school and started online classes. I had always hated school my whole life. I wasn’t unpopular or treated bad, I just hated school. I had always wanted to do online school and I finally got what I wanted. What came with it was something I never expected. Now I’m not saying that online school causes depression or suicidal thoughts, but in my case it did. 

I was closed off from the public, no more friends, no more sports, no life. I started gaming, I loved it and soon it became my life. The community was toxic however, I found myself rapidly losing *me* within it. I did things I regret, said things I’d never say, became someone who I didn’t recognize and before I knew it I was depressed, suicidal, crying constantly and in and out of horribly abusive online relationships at the age of 15. I overly sexualized myself, doing things a girl at that age shouldn’t have been doing. I hated me. But I was trapped because that’s the only form of socialization I had. 

My family didn’t notice the cuts on my wrist. I hid them well. Bracelets and long sleeves, foundation and bandaids. I never cut very deep, just enough to sting, to leave a mark. Soon it became an addiction. The second I felt unhappy, cutting was the outlet. I found myself unhappy more times than not, crying so often my eyes were puffy and cheeks burnt from salty tears. I had never even heard of suicide or cutting before any of this, but not the two of them were my life. I remember writing countless suicide letters to my family, crumpling them up after. 

It all came crashing down when I went to the hospital one night for appendicitis. I had cut previously so fresh wounds were on my wrist. I tried to hide them but the inevitable happened and the surgeons found my cuts. I was talked to, my family cried, asked why I’d do something like this. I lied and told everyone I was stressed about school, they all believed it because I had become the best damn actress put up on this earth. 

After that incident and dealing with the case workers, I was released and went home. My family took away my collectible knife, for no reason really because they should’ve known I never cut with knives, blades were sharper. 

I stopped cutting after the hospital for a while, they sent me home with a bottle of codeine pills for the pain from the surgery to remove my appendix. I had no pain really, but I realized the things I could do with codeine pills. First it was the want to get high, but one night I fell back into old patterns and found myself so upset that I took 5 pills, having taken 5 the previous day as well. Knowing codeine, it stays in the system for a while and soon I found myself nearly dying. The next day I could hardly stand, falling down, dizzy, throwing up. I could hardly stay awake but I had to go out with my family, I couldn’t let them know. I gathered what consciousness and strength I had to shower and get ready before we left. I lied and said I had food poisoning and didn’t feel well so I could stay in the car while they went grocery shopping. I remember fighting for my life in the car alone, going in and out of consciousness, puking into a shopping bag and tossing it outside before they came back. 

When we got home I remember sleeping for a very long time. Waking up, sleeping, waking up, sleeping. What sucks is I never even got high, never felt a buzz. I itched a lot, my head felt like it was on fire. It was the worst experience of my life and I can say that it scared me so badly that I never tried killing myself again. I stopped cutting for years after the incident. 

Suicide isn’t worth it. It isn’t glamorous, it isn’t easy or painless and it doesn’t make anything better. Suicide is not the answer. I realized that day that what I was doing was the dumbest thing I could ever do. I was dying, I was hanging onto life, fighting those pills from taking my life and it was horrible. I didn’t want to die. 

I do not want to die.