I've had such a terrible year...One year ago my grandmother died. That's when it truly hit me: I'm going to die someday. Of course I knew it would happen, but not to the extent that it hit me back then. In a way it's a really beautiful moment because it makes life that much more valuable. 

However, I started looking back at my past. Around two years ago I started working out all the time. 4000 calories per day of extremely healthy food. Gaining a ton of weight. Going from a skinny kid to a beach body. Before that I used to smoke all the time though. Partly out of reaction to my traumatic youth in which both my parents died and my dad was very abusive to me. For 9 years I'd smoke like 20 cigarettes and 5 joints per day. I couldn't believe that I did those things in hindsight. I became so fucking depressed, angry and filled with regrets. It was like: grandma dies &gt; feeling sad and depressed &gt; looking back at my past &gt;  omfg I smoked way too much and will most likely die before 40 &gt; panic attacks, stress, intense anxiety &gt; even more depressed &gt; omfg I don't want to live anymore, fuck my life. 

I talk with everyone about this. However, there's one person I should have ignored: my fucking ex. She was 8 years older, but I dumped her around the time that I turned my life around.  We hadn't talked for a long time and I really craved a conversation with her. I reached out to her multiple times, but she never replied. Until finally I wrote a drunk message without thinking of the consequences. She used it to be a bitch about and told me she had improved a lot and blocked me. Me, being depressed as fuck, made a new account and wrote some extremely suicidal texts like 'fuck improving, I'm done with life, pointless bullshit anyway, you still want my cat?'... She gets angry. I tell her 'I just think it's too late', she says I'm just living in my tragic mind and blocks me again. It keeps going like this, she engages, tells me to stop contacting and then blocks me while I want to respond to what she says. Also, I naively think it's still possible to make peace with her and I completely meltdown like 'I ruined everything waaaaah :('... She calls it whining and tells me I didn't change a bit and only went backwards. I'm like 'wtf? I changed so much!' and then she explodes. 'You'll never learn how to live your life', 'forecasting that you're going to die? I don't fucking care!' 'tragic whiner fickle loser king!' 'I don't have to feel any guilt because you dumped me!' 'This is the same irrational behavior back when you were arguing with random ppl at that concert!' 

That message COMPLETELY fucked me up. For the first two weeks I hated her so much for being a coward for kicking me while I was already down so I wrote very mean messages back, but eventually I realized that I'm the one who is wrong here and just started explaining myself. I kept spamming with explanations and begging to talk it out all the time though because that message just repeated in my head CONSTANTLY and I was feeling so frustrated and sad that she ruined my mental health with those insults. Because I was so depressed and hopeless, I already thought I was living a failed life and I was very harsh on myself because of my unhealthy past so her words on top of it completely fucked me up. I was so close to killing myself because of those insults. For like 4 months I wrote messages all the time. It was during lockdown so working from home and I couldn't stop doing it because I constantly heard it repeat in my head. She even put her instagram on pause for a while... I still wrote a bunch of messages to her LinkedIn, but that made me snap out of spamming her.

Time heals all wounds, and we're like 8 months later after she wrote that message and I still think about it all the time, but at least I got used to it and I'm not feeling completely broken by it anymore. However, I just feel so sad that I had such a meltdown and this has really scarred me for a life. One random impulse to contact my ex that escalated into a complete mess and fucked up my mental health completely.  I'm so sad that this has happened and I have fleeting suicidal thoughts because I feel like something went so wrong here that I lost all my self-respect and will feel bad about this forever. I hate that I can't stop obsessing about it too. Spamming her also ruined my chance at reconciliation because she must hate me so much by now. SIGHHHHHHHH.