I can't bug my family/friends anymore, would anyone want to talk?I'm 27 years old, female. I've been suicidal since I was 14. I put off therapy because I could never justify getting help when  I imagined all those people so much worse off than I. You know, the ones unable to function in society. The ones with serious trauma from their childhoods, which I do not have, or serious mental disorders causing psychosis and posing dangers to themselves and others. At least I get out of bed five times out of ten and have never received messages about killing others. "Winning". But now it is me who is unable to function in society. I do not know how to go about writing a resume, applying for jobs, getting a job, or, you know, shower. 

Anyways, I carved my way through an unnecessarily expensive college with a degree in something that is demanding, but absolutely useless if you don't have a passion for it. I have never had a passion for anything in my entire life. Except for sports, when I was a child. I agreed to do college for a controlling ex boyfriend who wanted me to become a sugar mama in the future. Yes, I am an idiot. Especially considering I am gay and was in denial. 

I suck at making good, planned out decisions and now have about a 100k student debt while being too mentally crippled to continue grad school (that I foolishly thought I could do) or get a job. It is only a matter of time before I run out of false savings, will have nowhere to live, and no income to pay my down my loans. When that time comes, I figure I will have enough urgency to off myself. Until then, I remain a coward with too much compassion for the ones who love me. 

Now, that is something else entirely. For some unexplainable reason, I have incredible people in my life who show me nothing but love, kindness, patience, and care. I'm an ungrateful motherfucker, I know. I wish for nothing but their support in me ending my life while also wishing nothing but goodness in their lives. Why I am a part of that, I do not know. I wish they'd understand that they'd be better off without my vampire personality. Anyways, it is for my family and my close friends that I have agreed to get professional help. I am currently in psychiatric care awaiting a long term psychiatric evaluation toward a proper diagnosis. 

My plan is to seek help so that my parents will feel less guilt knowing that even the pros couldn't help.

I'm writing this after taking a benzodiazepine the doctors gave me for use, if needed, and feel pretty calm. Normally, if I let myself think about these things, I will have a panic attack. 

Thanks for listening. Oh, yeah, the headline still stands. I can't bother my family with my constant death wish anymore as it is making them sick too.