Feel so lonely, don't know what to do.I've been struggling to decide whether or not I want to post anything online, even on a throwaway because I (only for myself) believe that there's no need for the world to see what you have to say but I just feel so lost lately.

This year has been a shit storm for me. I graduated in June and hoped things would get better after that but they haven't at all. My dad got evicted from his apartment at the beginning of this year. I had to say goodbye to a place I'd called home and, shortly after, people I'd considered my home. My parents are divorced so I stay with my mother anyways, but I've always been incredibly close to my dad. After he got evicted, since he was without documents and unemployed, he chose to go back to his home country since there was nothing left for him here. This is a decision he ran by me and my siblings and we'd approved because it would be better for him and it has been; it's just been so much worse for me.

My dad was my escape from life's daily bullshit. He'd always raised me up when I began to fall and I miss him so much. Without him I have no real emotional support, no easy advice, no real life support in altercations with my extended family, no real way to see my friends often, no easy source of money to actually leave the house and get out for a while. He's miles away now and I feel lost.

If him not being here wasn't enough, this friend of mine who'd meant the world to me got into a relationship and drifted off beyond my reach. We went from hanging out every week and always showing each other love and support to not even starting conversation. When I'd known her for just 9 months, she did some incredible shit for me on my birthday and made me feel so loved despite not knowing me very long; to my knowledge, no one else has ever received that kind a gesture from her. We had a lot in common and I developed feelings for her, but was too late to tell her as she'd gotten close to someone else weeks after I'd decided I had real feelings. It took some time to get over her but I did. We're still friends but nowhere near as close as we were. I sometimes blame myself for being maybe too much of a downer because I'd struggled with really bad anxiety and depression close to my birthday. I got better after that but the self-pity and destructive thoughts kept coming back. All this was towards the end of last year. I still miss her now but platonically; she was tons of fun to be around and we got along really well. 

Fast forward to my graduation and the anxiety came back. Weeks of poor sleep patterns and constant stress about what I'm going to do now that I'm a graduate really took a toll on me. It certainly doesn't help that some people in my family want me to study where I currently live; it's always been a dream of mine to go abroad and live by my own successes and failure rather than those of my parents or people around me. I did well enough in school to get a scholarship but my aspirations make me want to live up to a standard that I've set for myself; a standard I don't think I'll ever live up to. My fear of living a mediocre life working a shitty 9-5 with mountains of debt just grows greater every time a uni or college here is brought up. My mental state combined with the pressure from my family to apply to colleges when I wanted to take a gap year and spend time with my dad back in our home country made me feel like a slob. I didn't want to do anything. I didn't want to get out of bed and interact with people. I didn't want to get up and shower. I didn't want to be where I was in life but I was there regardless. My anxiety towards the end of the school year got so bad that I thought I fucked up an exam and wanted to jump out my window; I even tried with a foot over the edge but realized living on the first floor would just mean I'd be met with extreme pain rather than eternal bliss. I could've been with my dad right now but my VISA expired in February this year and I legally cannot travel, get a job, or apply for a license. I've been stuck in a dead end for the last 3 months and I have no means to make it any better. Couple that with the fines that have been built up from us not renewing our legal status due to a poor financial situation and I can't even go out to see my friends. I have one friend who lives nearby but the weather where I live is awful so we can't even walk around downstairs for long. 

I've been thinking about killing myself on and off for months now. I've considered jumping, cutting and pills but I can't push myself to do that to my family and friends. Despite how alone I truly feel, I'm not, but that doesn't help. I don't feel like I can talk to anyone about this because I'd just be a burden. They can't offer anything to help besides words and those don't do me any good anymore. I've lived an unfulfilling and awful life ever since I turned 10 and I wish I could go back and do things better. I have all this rage towards my parents for giving birth to me without a plan for my future. No college savings, no stable income, no solid legal status, nothing. They do everything they possibly can within their means and I love them but I don't know where else to direct these emotions. I'm angry, I'm lonely, I'm empty and I'm stuck with no way to get out. No way to meet people who might make my extroverted self feel better. No options. 

If you've read this far, thank you. I sound bitchy and others probably have it worse but I just wanted to put these shitty emotions somewhere in the open so they don't eat away at my mind as much.