Ignore this love letter to the world. I have had no one to tell this to before I go and I'm ready to rage out and die.No job, loveless, sexless (3 years and counting!) relationship of 6 years and I don't think I love him anymore after all the hurt. Ridiculously overweight and get yelled at on the street for it, ended all my friendships because of my relationship, haven't graduated highschool because of the wondrous child abuse from my step mom and my neglect from my dad and the absolute mental instability of my mommmm!

25 years old and quit my job with the promise my partner could take care of me while I finished me LAST 2 MONTHS OF HIGHSCHOOL but was told a week before registration he can't support me anymore because he was anxious about money and wanted me to go back to work.... I can't find a job. 

Oh did I mention my loving bf slept with my sister 4 years ago and I can't talk to her anymore because she blames him despite emailing me and underhandedly bragging about it and now she's claiming it was sexual abuse.... The kicker being I was in the room the first time they were both drunk and touching eachother (vivid memories of this because I don't drink! I was in the bathroom cleaning up his puke piss and shit while he was in the other room with my sister and I walked in on her and him touching eachothers faces and then later on insisting on sleeping in the same bed :) should have seen the signs then (((; ) and then later *later* on he goes to her house to get *advice* about our relationship and they get drunk again and she says she has "pictures" she wants to show him and they fuck on the mattress I gave her to sleep on! 

I would LOVE to talk to a therapist if I had money, but lol wouldn't you know it? My income comes from a joint account I have with bf. Oh! And I can't get my OWN bank accoubnt because my ID's were torn apart so I have a health card and SIN number but I can't use a health card as ID in fucking Ontario to get a new birth certificate to get a drivers license or citizenship card or passport or any ID that's admissable to a bank or anywhere for that matter. How to I get a new birth cert? By having 2 guarantors write letter for me in a govt profession like a doctor or principal or teacher. Oops too bad my doctor, principal, and teacher I knew retired and I have to know the new person for 2 fucking years :) another kicker is someplaces wouldn't hire me without proper ID lmfao so I'm fucking screwed

So I am stuck in a loveless relationship, I cannot get a new job, new id's, new bank account, I can't go back to school, I can't lose weight, I can't afford a therapist, but I can fucking grab a knife from my kitchen and slit my fucking wrists

FUCK MY BEAUTIFUL LIFE

I'm having a panic attack. Bye bye