I want to kill myself because I can't get a girlfriend...Since the summer of 2015, I have tried to develop a dating life and be able to find a girlfriend. I have done and tried the following to try and improve my dating woes: 

\- Started dressing nicer, showering everyday, going to the gym 3 times a week. 

\- Online dating such as Tinder, Bumble, OkCupid, Plenty of Fish.  I have never met up with any girls on these sites, I don't send generic messages such as "hi" or "hey" 

\- Got out of the house more. Went to a bunch of college clubs to meet people and meet girls. Everything from church group, film production, improv, and more. Most girls there don't give me the time of day, I try talking to them but many of them are unfriendly towards me. 

\- Trying to talk and interact with girls in my class. 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Iv'e tried everything I have possibly could to try and change my dating woes. In my five years of doing all of this, here are my stats:

 Swiped on thousands of girls, messaged hundreds of girls on online dating; only one girl I met from online dating ever turned into a date. 

Probably talked to around 50 girls in real life in the various clubs i'm in.  

I asked out 15 girls out on a date, 4 said yes.  One was technically a yes but she didn't even see it as a date and decided to friendzone me.  The other three simply didn't go anywhere, either they ghosted me afterwards or I wasn't attracted to them. 

Still a virgin. 

Have never had a girl over. 

Never even kissed a girl

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

My self-esteem and the way I view myself has drastically plummeted; I used to be so happy and full of life but now I am completely depressed.  I am a 25 year old man who is in the prime of his life, I should be out there going on dates, having sex, finding somebody who actually wants me.   I have had crushes on girls ever since I was 5 years old, so the fact that women want absolutely nothing to do with me is crushing me on the inside, and it's been like this for the past five years.

I cannot take it anymore, I am at my breaking point.  People say you're still young and that you still have plenty of time to find someone but how much longer will they say that?    When I am 30 years old, 35 years old, 40 years old, will they still be saying that I am young and have so much time to find someone?     I'm tired of waiting, i'm tired of constantly putting myself out there and talking to girls only for it to end in rejection and heartbreak.   Have I suffered for long enough? 

&amp;#x200B;

And the most fucked up thing is that I know WHY women arne't attracted to me, and there's nothing I can do about it.  Too short, weird voice, aspergers syndrome, just to name the main things, and I can't change these things. 

I could list several reasons why I think I would make a good boyfriend, why I think women should give me a chance, and not the generic "i'm nice" response.

\- I may be short but i'm fit and fairly active, I watch what I eat. 

\- I have many different hobbies and interests (that doesn't include video games)     I play piano, guitar, variety of sports, videography.

\- I have an active social life and am very involved with various clubs in my college.

\- I'm poor now but i'm in college trying to better myself and get an education so that in the future, I can be financially well off. 

\- I don't smoke, I don't do drugs, never been to jail, have my own car and my own apartment. 

\- Due to inheritance, i'm going to have a lot of money someday. 

\- I'm kind, loyal, and don't really ask for much, just for someone who wants me.