I don't want to try anymore.I sometimes read people write here that life is shit and won't get better (I feel the same) and then I see someone's comment like "But people still stay coz what if they find their love tomorrow!" Jesus... Are you out if your fucking mind? Doesn't it occure to people who post this kind of comment that probably this person really doesn't even hope for it anymore and maybe that's the reason why they want to die? No. No one will meet their true love the next day they decided not to end life. We are not in the fucking movie. I sometimes think that love doesn't exist for everyone.

Most of people are lonely. Some people die when they are old without even experiencing love. I am taking about romantic love. When people tell me that there is also love of friends, parents.i want to tell them to cut the bullshit. Seriously, I can't keep listening to this bullshit anymore. Everyone of us knows that we all are taking about romantic love. This is what we all want (maybe very small percentage doesn't want it, most if us want this thing). But you know what, I have heard this shit like "What if you need your love tomorrow" for all my life and guess what? Didn't happen. I chose to bare this shitty life, this pathetic existence that makes no sense to me just because of stupid hope. I could have finished all this shit years ago. 

If there was a true love it wasn't mutual. And no, nothing else makes me happy coz without love I don't care how much money I make, what kind of good I eat, if I have a home or rent a room with bunch of other people coz honestly to me all this shit doesn't matter if I live this life without having only one thing I have ever wanted. Why the fuck do I need the life without it? I had one, but I lost it. Fuck all of this,life, people, responsibilities. Some people will never forgive me for ending my life but it's not as bad as to live one day at a time and having thoughts about how pointless everything is. 

I am in a different country,far from my family and friends. I don't even know who will tell them and how they will find my relatives in a country that 8000 miles away. But I just want to be gone. I honestly tried. I tried very hard. I won't do it anymore. I had enough. It is over.