My wife attempted suicide and I need helpI shared this in the bereavement section but maybe I will get more help here. 

Four days ago my wife attempted to kill herself by cutting her wrist. She was alone 300 miles away from me and she wanted to die. She reached out to one friend and then she did what she said she was going to do. 

EMS found her in a hotel in the bathroom. They said it was a miricale she lived. 

I got to the hospital as soon as I could and was allowed to see her. 

I was terrified, hurt, angry, relieved, torn apart. She woke up and immediately started saying she was sorry. She didn't cry or sound remorseful in the least. She said "I messed everything up" and in the same breath "I couldn't even get this right"

I didn't say it was okay, when she apologized, I didn't cry or hold her. I felt like I didn't know the women laying in the hospital bed. 

She asked what did I want to say, I said nothing. 

The doctor came in and told me what happened and what was going to happen from there. 

As soon as the doctor left my wife said "I was tired of hurting you and never doing anything right."

Note: Ten days ago we lost our house and we're forced with the probability that we would have to move into my parents' house which is very crowded. 

She said that "I didn't want to move in with your parents"
"I want our own place."

She finally said very forcefully "say something!"

I told her we didn't need to talk about all of the stuff going on at home right then, that we needed to get her help. 

I said "we're going to do whatever the doctors say to do and we will figure the rest out."

She got upset again and said she couldn't move in with my parents. 

I said I understood but I know there is more going on and we need to let the doctors do what they needed to do. 

The conversation looped around much like that for several hours. 

She was to be moved to a psychiatric hospital later that day. I had to return home. We said our I love yous and she promised to let the doctors do what needs to be done. 

Last night she called me, upset because I hadn't called the hospital. She then went into a storm of accusations that I made her feel like she needed to do what she did. That I was forcing her to live somewhere she didn't want to and that I was going to take everything away from her and have her under 24/7 watch. 


I am unsure what to do. I have had very little sleep in the last 4 days. I can't eat when I do sleep I have nightmares. 

I know she needs help but I am sinking in myself. I don't want to hurt myself. I want to be a good husband but I am torn apart. 

I have my own depression and anxiety issues as well. I think I'm handling things pretty fucking well but I'm hurting so bad every moment since I got the call saying she was doing this. 

Please help me.