Funny how life works out.To think my reasonably short life would come to this.

Anyways, as you'd probably guess, I'm relatively young to be here, though I'm not that old either. To put it simple, I don't really care anymore. And I've stopped caring for awhile now. I've taken medication for awhile now but recently I've stopped because I've lied to everyone that cares that I'm getting better. Honestly, I couldn't give a fuck. If I recall correctly I've been depressed since about 7th grade when I was in school. PE classes and jock-type "bro" motherfuckers do things to you. The shitters.

Recently I've come in contact with a group with whom I socialize with on a regular basis. I won't say who or what that is, but they've been tons of support even though most don't even have the slightest idea of what I'm going through. And those that do I doubt even care. I'm known around those circles as the jokester, the funny guy. Though you can only keep that phony smile up for so long before you break. And I think I'm driving down that road real soon. I have one of those weird personalities where I place everyone's needs ahead of my own. I just love helping people out and making them feel good. Some guy I know gets a haircut, I'm the first one to compliment him. Stuff like that. I try to give people a reason to smile every day, then I go home and fucking destroy myself with this shit. It's a hell of a role if you can keep it alive.

I haven't done self-harm or anything (honestly, the sight of blood and veins freaks me the fuck out), though I have tried to get a feel for death. I've tried doing things to see how it would feel on the day that I would decide to remove myself from this pain. But I'm so fucking afraid at the same time. Our bodies weren't wired to kill ourselves. That's why our mind convinces us so much to stay alive. Even the body jerks around and shit after we lose consciousness. But is this all there really is to life? The thought of slaving away at work for 50-60+ years in a world that makes you its bitch horrifies me. And I know that's a little selfish, but I can't. Anxiety wakes me up in the morning and puts me to sleep thinking of the future and regretting things I've done. And a lifetime of that? No thanks. My psychiatrist has told me that I've got a lot of things going for me. I could've been born as a kid with cancer. Or in a shitty family. And I'm thankful, God knows I am. But nothing will ever be enough for my troubled mind.

One of my friends - my best friend, I guess - has been pretty helpful over the short years that I've known him. When I first met him I was pretty introverted. I was that kid with one or two friends in elementary (one friend in middle school). After knowing him a little more and getting involved with the group he was in, I began to get more and more open with people. I became something to others. I was that funny guy who made people laugh. Lately though, things have changed. Not only with him, but with everyone else that I've come to know and love so dearly throughout the past three or four years. 

I say things I don't mean and I mean things I don't say. The words coming out of my mouth lately aren't me. They're something else and it scares me. Anyways, I was really good friends with this guy and I've told him about how I feel wanting to die. He and his family suggested I see a psychiatrist, which I did. We'd hang out all the time and do things. I felt good because I was making others feel good. And then a new guy in our group comes along. A more extroverted and active person than I am, me being the person who always stays at home like a sad sack of shit. They start hanging out. I'm left in the cold - abandoned again just like all those years ago in school when my "friends" would up and leave to find better ones. Ones they could relate to more or who weren't a fucking emotional wreck. I'm expendable and always have been. The discouraged ones are always the ones to get stepped on. And the way I see it, the world seems to think that life belongs to those extroverted jock fucks I knew and hated back then. Life is too short and too crowded for negative sad shits apparently. You're skinny? "Work out and get buff, fucker." You don't work? "Move out you lazy shit." I don't have the motivation for that! I've never gone to a gym in my life because I don't have any reason to anymore. Working out just to leave a good-looking corpse is not my ideal for living. All my friends have started working and driving. I haven't even begun to do that. I've slacked on doing so many things for so long now because I thought I'd be dead before I'd ever have to do them. I've also lived a sheltered childhood. Not that my parents were super-strict (I love them dearly and they're great people), but I always was more fond of the indoors. I almost never went outside. I don't even know how to fucking swim or ride a goddamn bike. All my life I've been afraid. Now the time has come to get out and start living and I'm scared of doing it. I just want out!

I'm mad as hell. But I won't tell a goddamn soul because I don't want to see the people who love me, those whom I've built up fall apart because of me. I've lied to everyone that I'm getting better. Every day it's getting harder and harder for me to hide this from everyone. This is going to be my last straw. The perfect movie ending no one'll ever see coming. My final, fucking joke.

WHERE
THE
FUCK
WERE
YOU?!