So Steady As She Goes?hey SW... I am sorry to have kept quiet on this account for so long. I came to you guys 3 months ago regarding a kind of paralysis. well, i managed a handful of Bs and *gasp!* an A. things are smoother this semester academic wise though that end of sem exam rush hasn't hit yet - heads up for April xD but I hope i can be mature enough this time round. 

now the not so rosy pic: 

**the following is going to sound like it's been ripped out of a Bollywood soap-opera or movie.** 

My religion - a very non-commital hindu. Please excuse this but i really have no where else to go :(. 

yesterday, it kind of relapsed all over again but not because of grades or anything. i came home after studying for 4  hours straight in the safety of my school's study rooms - very pleased with myself - yay!! DSP finally under some form of control! So i come home and i do the normal things, go on the internet for some redditing and such. Go out to eat dinner and then my parents start. Some long-winded talk about buying plane tickets (to india), money, education and all that. And my mother started arguing with my father about his job and lack of pay. It's fairly common in most Indian households (gross generalization... but it happens in all my friends' houses too)

yes. i get it. we are not in abject poverty but we are not loaded either. i just don't want the same circular argument that leads nowhere. i am working my ass off in school so i can get out of this but if everyday is going to be the same broken record, this is going to continue even after i graduate and get a job. i have put up with their arguments and fighting ever since i was 7 years old. i am tired. enough already. i detest crying but i seem to be doing that more and more often lately.  hell is my family. i am so happy at school. i don't even care if people like me or not but i am happy. Now my parents are saying that i have a 10.30 curfew. I am 22 and i live in singapore for frak's sake. 

If my life is going to be listening to my parents argue for the next 10 years, like i've done so for the past 15 years, then i don't really want to continue. what future is there for me to look forward to? What is the point? I am planning to move out after I graduate but what if i don't get a job? what if something happens to me or my parents and i am stuck with them forever? 

Now, I know i am not a looker or anything like that but if my dad wants, he can stage some elaborate play to get me married off or something - it is his status he is worried about. i am speculating about a future that is not even likely and i want it to stop. just stop.


I'm going to school now - will be back in 10 to 12 hrs' time. 