I turned 18 this week. I don't have any dreams or goals, and waking up is just painful.I'm not saying I'm a special snowflake because I know most of you on this sub go through worse stuff than me. I know nobody asked for this, so I don't really want to be a whiny brat, but I've honestly had enough. 


I'm a shitty person. I don't reply to messages from people who are still actually trying to talk to me because it all seems pointless to me. I leave my bed only if it's absolutely necessary, and I hate spending time with others no matter how important those people are to me. 


I used to love art, but I can't bring myself to create things anymore. At the beginning of summer break I was like, "I'm going to draw every single day for the following two months, so I can form a habit I'd like to maintain and work hard on becoming an artist." Well, guess what. Summer break's ending today, and I only sketched once, and it ended up being a piece of garbage. 


I realized if I actually wanted to be an artist, I'd be passionate and wouldn't know how to live without constantly making art, and that's the exact opposite of me. I usually ended up hating my artwork anyways, so I think there are people much more determined to become artists, and they sure as hell deserve it more than someone like myself. 


I'm just pretty much numb most of the time, but whenever a tiny inconvenience creeps into my life, my brain instantly goes to 'suicidal mode'. Crippling anxiety takes over me, and my life goes from 0 to -10. The only thing I can think about is death. I use it as a coping mechanism 'Nothing I do matters because we will all die anyways' to make my anxiety less extreme, but it's not very healthy since I start planning my own suicide. 


I'm changing schools and I'll be in a completely new environment, which makes things even worse because I can't stop imagining the worst scenarios. Basically, right now the best option I have is hanging myself. I messed up everything in my life. I failed my driving exam on my birthday, I couldn't take the pressure at my previous school and I can't keep making art. I honestly don't have any dreams or a future. The only thing I genuinely want is peace.


(Please do not suggest therapy/medication. I can't get any professional help right now.)