Finished my note. My family stopped caring because I already "died" to them. I have no earthly reason to hang on whatsoever.Hi I'm a 24 yo girl whom happens to be trans. The one bright spot in my life is my boyfriend, but we're logistically long distance until we have our finances in order. We've been dating for almost 2 years and have visited each other several times. He's the love of my life.

I've recently thought I started moving into a particular part of my life where I could finally focus on other things, rather than self conscious crap involving my image. I just finished my second plastic surgery procedure with the hopes of that improving my mental state. It has not. I beat myself up so badly effects my ability to be a socially functional human. I feel as if I'm so hideous I need to be hidden away. 

I've had a these pervasive thoughts of eventually ending my life on my terms, because I would be crushed by my own self hatred. I've always held on for family, but over the last three years they have made it clear I'm nothing to them anymore. There child has already passed in their eyes. As for my boyfriend he's to far away for me. I love him, but my family "was" rock for 20 years, since I was born. My dad was my best friend. He doesn't even speak to me anymore unless it's to tell me how fucked in the head I am. My ex childhood friend used me for sex and utterly toyed with my emotions. Everybody that I once knew is gone, and every other relationship that I may have in the future feels for not.

I wanted to be a makeup artist one day, but my crippling fear of judgement prevents me from taking necessary steps to achieve this. I constantly sabotage myself because I feel as if I'm always being judged.  My current job is such a slog, which is fine for money. But I feel so unaccomplished at my age. I've considered sex work because I just don't give a fuck anymore, it would pay more than I currently get. Maybe eventually giving me more money for more cosmetic surgeries, so I wont feel shitty about my mortal coil. I having a standing offer from a studio that wants me to "model". I feel so disgusting that my life is even this close to this. As a child I never figured I would considering basically being a whore. 

I'm so lost, I have easy access to a firearm. One shot under the ear sounds preferable to what my life has become. I don't want to become a statistic but I don't want to live another second. 
