I think I just failed an exam, and I think I'm going to get expelled from collegeI've been on academic probation for two semesters, this is the second one. I was told that I had to do well this semester or I wouldn't be able to come back.

But like an idiot, I didn't. I fucked around like a dumbass, and I didn't study for the exam I had today. I was unable to do like half of it, I ran out of time, even though i could have had extra time I was skipping class so I didn't know the exam was today until it was too late to apply for my 1.5x time. I probably could have sent an email in about that, but I didn't, for whatever reason. I don't know why. 

So anyway, I think I may have just failed that exam, and with it, that class, and with it, my chance to come back next year. I had a choice to take a semester off, but I thought I could do it. I should have known better, that I wouldn't be able to change myself.

I can't disappoint my parents like this. I had so many plans with this school, but I can't look at my parents' disappointed faces. I don't want to kill myself, I don't, but I can't see any other way to get out of this. I fucked up, and now I just don't want to deal with the consequences, but I feel like they're so bad that if I end up dealing with them I'll end up killing myself anyway, right? I'm feeling so, so so much shame. I don't want to attempt suicide as a cry for help, I think. I don't even have time to think about this. I don't think I'd actually do it, I don't think I have any way to do it. I have all these pills (antidepressants and adhd meds) but I don't want to do that, cuz i've heard it's really painful

I don't think i'd kill myself, but I'm so close to tears right now. I have just made a mistake that might cost me my entire future, and I'm not sure if I can deal with that. The scariest part is how "fine" I feel emotionally. I don't feel scared of the consequences, really? I just....I'm worried of the consequences of the consequences, if that makes any sense.

I've got another exam tomorrow so i need to spend the rest of the day studying for that, right, so like...I don't have time to do this. 

I just...I don't want to be a disappointment. Everything that has gone wrong is entirely my own goddamn fault, and that's the scariest part. I have no excuse. I have no impulse control, I have no priorities, (well, I do but I fuck up and put them all to video games)

I just...don't think i have any other way out. I'm gonna keep grinding, I have one last grade for that class due next monday, and if i can get a 100 on that, then maybe I've got a chance. But I don't think it's realistic, I feel like I'm doomed, and I fucked up and I'm terrified that I won't be able to keep myself alive, I think. ;-; sorry to bother. I'm not sure what I'm hoping you guys say. this might be more of an /r/offmychest post but since the main worry is the suicide thing i figured i might post it here.

sory, and thanks