I need advice about my wife.Yes, yes... all ironic to my nick aside (PLEASE!).....

I am a long time redditor, I keep this account as fun.... I do not want the two linked, but I need advice, so here goes.

My wife and I have been married for 4 years. In the early part of this year I heard from an ex via email. I called my wife to ask if she minded if I had convo, as I deemed it as polite, and respectful. My wife was happy about it, as I had some unresolved things to talk about, that she was aware of, and told me to go ahead.

Fast Forward... 3 weeks later my wife started getting a really negative attitude about herself, and telling me to go be with the girl that had contacted me. I had no intention nor desire to do so, and had reassured my wife of this many times.. At one point I called the ex gf, and put her on the phone with the wife, just to make the point clear.

It got worse, every attempt to reassure my wife failed. She had her own plan in mind. I dealt with her saying she was a piece of shit, and wanted to kill herself for 6 months. Nothing I could say helped.

During this she got to the point of throwing things, swearing in front of our young son, and some violence towards me.


Now she has switched for the last month, she now has a bitchy tone no matter what she says. Every day when I come home I get an accusatory, or bitchy tone. She keeps some of the house clean, but otherwise watches the kid. She said she does not know she is doing it, but it is daily. 

I am struggling, we lost our house, and I am in another state working a low paying job. We have no friends here at all. We had friends where we lived, but that is not an option with no work there.

I am a very non-violent person, with a long fuse. It blew tonight after a month or so of this, and I threw a few things. Not at her, but I did, and I feel bad about it...

I have been stressed out for months... I want the sweet girl I married back, but it seems unrealistic. 

Years before I met her she did cutting, and has proof on her arms, and I told her if she started that it would be a deal breaker (before I married her), as I am not good with this amount of stress.


Now she is saying that she would off herself, but she does not have the balls.... I have spent months worrying if she did not answer the phone, or if she took too long in the bathroom for the same reason.

I want my wife back, and my family to be happy....

I am thinking about having her commited, but that would mean my job ( due to having to take care of the kid). I also do not know how to do such a thing. 

I scrape by money wise, and bust my ass doing so. I do it all for my family. Right now I am to the point that I want to break.