After taking several anti depressants and speaking to counselors I think I'm finally done.I'm a 21 year old guy that is ready to kill himself. I'm failing in college and I don't know why. I was an A student in high school, and I study my ass off now. No matter how hard I try I can't get a good grade. Tutors at the school can't help because I need to be taught, and my professors tell us they won't hold our hands. 

I have no friends in the city I'm in and putting myself out there has only made me feel worse about myself. I sit in my room, go on walks, and study. I used to play games and love sports but those days are long gone. 

Rejection after rejection after rejection has made it to wear I don't try with girls anymore because I can't take it anymore. It's not their fault, it's mine. I'm 5'8 and have been told by a girl I'm too short for them. I can't change that. I can't take playing the numbers game and I hate small talk with strangers. 

I've become cynical to the point I can't imagine anything good ever happening to me again. Counselors I speak to tell me to fight through it and I gave it my best shot only to want to kill myself more. Besides drugging me with pills that never worked except to make me sick they have been useless. 

I don't know what I want to do with my life but if it means going back to shitty part time jobs I'd rather kill myself. I hate myself and who I've become. These are supposed to be the best years of my life and they are passing me by. I look for hobbies but the only ones I like are solitary activities.

I don't cry anymore because I don't know how. I'm weak, a dissapointment to my family, and I can't see a light at the end of this tunnel. I've felt this way for four years now and I don't believe "It gets better". I wish my parents had a better son they could be proud of but I'm not it. 

This sub is for people looking for help but I'm not sure thats why I'm here. People tried their hardest to help me and I was too far gone. I just want to sleep now. I just want it to stop. I don't want to be so lonely and sad but it never stops. I always took pride in never giving up and never saying "I can't", but I was wrong. 

The reason I'm writing this is so that someone somewhere out there will know I was here, I tried, but it wasn't enough. I was a quitter, I did give up, I really "can't", and I let myself and my family down. I'm sorry.