Just in case...Heh, didn't think I'd be back here so soon. I tried doing this same thing a few months ago, but I really, truly, miserably failed. Good or bad? Who knows.

Basically, this is my just in case note. The one I have ready in case I ever decide to actually go through with it. Hell, I figure this place is as good as any to post it. Maybe I'll feel better about myself. Doubt it, but who knows?

I really shouldn't even feel the way I do. So sad. So done. Everything is in my favor except me. Well, not everything, but a lot of things. Ah well...

So, who the fuck am I? Hi, I'm Ben. I'm 14 years old, white as fuck American male. I've lived in 7 different places across the U.S., and attended as many schools. I've been hopping in and out of depression since the fourth grade. I've now been through 3 or 4 (not exactly sure) therapists. Oh sure, they worked for a few weeks, but nothing really beyond that.

I never really let on how bad I'm doing. Not to anyone. I already seen pathetic and whiny enough. That's what some have told me, anyways. Nah, soldier on. Or don't, that's always the option. If you're reading this as a friend/family member, that's the option I took.

I never really fit in anywhere. I could find friends, sometimes, but they were often few and far between. Always preferred being alone anyways. Let's me think about whatever I want.

Anyways, onto the life-spilling. 

I'm a bisexual. Some would accept that, others wouldn't. I wasn't ever *really* sure who, so I mostly kept it to myself.

I'm a furry. Sometimes this was actually harder on me than the whole bisexual business. Hell, this almost drove me over the edge a few months ago, when mom freaked out about it. I passed of the reason to that as something else (and not very well, but whatever), and just kept that mostly to myself. Parents think it was a factor, but not much of a part.

This part is reserved for, well, my kinks. I'll edit it in if I ever do it, but Reddit readers can defer to /u/Twesta if they really wanna know.

I was bullied sometimes at the various schools I went to. I'm fairly sure the issue was smaller than what I thought, but definitely it was bigger than I told anyone. Bullied because I was different.

Here's the thing about me. I ring in at above average intelligence. Anyone who knows a thing about me knows that. What almost nobody knows is that I was sometimes made fun of for that. What I was really made fun of for, though, looking back, was because I was just so... Weird. Weird all around.

Whatever, that's all done for now. I'll end this here for tonight, pick up in the morning if I feel like it.