sitting at my mums house thinking about how i have nothing to live for [28f]Hi
So i'm sitting here, I'm by myself. For the last 24 hours I havent been able to stop panicking and i can't stop visualising blowing my brains out with a gun. I keep rapid cycling through a kind of numbness and hysterical crying. I'm so scared. I keep picking up my phone and thinking about who I could talk to, but there is nobody. I'm making this post because I feel like I need to tell someone, even if its just a white text box. I don't know what to do. I poison everything I touch. The few friends I have left are just about barely tolerating my shit. My family are disappointed in me. I am a 28 year old woman and I'm all alone. I don't have a proper home, I sleep on an air mattress at my friends place or crash with others from time to time. I can't find a job. Nobody will hire me, I have been trying for months, I get rejected from even the most basic jobs. I have no income, no savings, I live on the charity of others and I feel like less than nothing. I don't have a partner. I'm physically unattractive and very unhappy and there is nobody on earth who would want to be with me. When I think about my age and how I have nothing to show for myself, I think the only logical thing to do is kill myself. I don't have any hope for the future. At the point, it is too late to turn my life around. I'm unemployable, I am too old to find love or have children. There is absolutely no value or point to my existence. Yet I'm still scared. I don't have access to any surefire drugs. I live in a country without guns etc. I suppose hanging is an option but I don't want anybody to have to find me. I'm scared of drowning. The last thought I have is throwing myself in front of a train but I've also heard stories about people losing limbs and surviving and that would be terrible. I wish I could just... vanish, without having to do anything. I want to claw all of my skin off. I hate myself so deeply. I fucking hate myself. I am an evil cunt and I wish somebody would murder me. I fantasize about somebody coming and stabbing me repeatedly until I'm just a mush. I wish this would happen. I need out. I can't believe I have ruined my life so badly.