Should i not be friends with them?(18M)My friends and I are all seniors all 18. We party A LOT, and my friends are always looking for girls to hook up with.  They've dated a lot of girls but say they would never date a sl*t. There's this one sophomore girl we know she's 16. She's pretty but gets bullied a lot there are rumors from guys in her grade saying she's slept with the football team and has foursomes and fivesomes.

The guys in her grade make fun of her looks a lot and say she's gross. My friend Peter (19M) invited her to come out with us because he says she's easy. Last weekend we hung out at Peter’s house with her before we go to this senior party she's had like three shots. We take her car because her family is wealthy, so she has a brand new car and is letting us drive it.

When we get there, she doesn't know anyone. She has four more shots, and my friends have a couple of beers. Peter gets mad at her because she was talking with other guys. He says ” let's go back to my house and have some fun.” she leaves with me, Peter and two of our friends (18M).

When we get back to his house, he commands her to take off her clothes, and she does. My other friends pull their pants down and tell her to suck their dicks she does. They try to take photos she says stop they do and give her a beer. Then Peter penetrates her, and she starts to bleed and says it hers. Peter and my friends have sex with her then finish.

The next day they call her a bitch, fat sl*t, ugly, disgusting and other things behind her back. They tell all their friends and laugh about how she said yes right away saying she's a sl*t again. They make posts online about her being gross.

Why did my friends do this? They say it's okay because the age of consent is 16. They said they were drunk too. They also said it's okay because she wears low cut shirts and the guys in her grade say she's a sl*t, so it's fair game.

Are my friend's bad people? Why do they treat this girl like this? Why do they hate her so much? Am I the asshole for still being friends with these people?

tl;dr: my friends invited a sophomore to a party, and all had sex with her.