I guess I should smileI'm not sure what to say.  I haven't really been sleeping, as a warning, so this may be a little incoherent.  Also, I wouldn't bother reading this, as I don't know if this will have a point.

I can start with context, maybe?  I wrote [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/36gnbr/becoming_a_bad_person_again/) a while ago in the confessions subreddit.  As a warning, it's also way too long.  It's all of the ugly things about me.  Well, some of them.  I left a lot out.

In that post, I said my partner helped me.  He really did.  That's definitely true.  But things aren't happy sometimes.  I have some health issues that I'm dealing with, and I've been depressed on top of that.  My memory is really spotty.

I forgot something yesterday.  He wanted us to spend the day together, but he had already left for work when I woke up.  He owns his business, so if he leaves for work on a weekend, I figure he wants or needs to be there, and I usually don't think much of it.  But I was supposed to call him, and I forgot.  He was waiting for my call, and it never came.

He got home late, and he was angry.  He started throwing things.  He said some stuff.  I got upset and cried.  He said some more stuff.  He kicked me out.

This has happened before a few times.  It usually blows over.  When he kicks me out, he tells me how bad I am, but a few days later, he tells me I can come home.  Not really an apology.  It's more of an open door, and I've always taken it.

I don't really get it anymore.  It feels like he really believes all the bad things he tells me.  And it feels like he really believes all the good things he tells me.  And he's not a bad person.  He's great most of the time.

But why go back, this time?

It's pretty obvious that I'm not adding anything to his life.  And my own life has completely disintegrated.  Why go home, even if I have nowhere else to go?

Suicide has always been present in my life.  It's almost like a companion.  The first time I tried, I was about nine, I think.  My childhood wasn't happy.  Violence and emotional abuse were everyday occurrences, and there was always a certain background level of other kinds of inappropriateness.  So at a very young age, I realized (correctly, as it turns out) that I'd be suffering another decade of all of that, and I didn't want to.

Anyway, it wasn't a very good attempt.  I'm still here.  It happened several more times, getting more serious each time.  My family didn't notice, not that they were looking or would have cared.  The one time my mom found out, she taunted me to, "go ahead and do it."  I guess I wasn't trying hard enough, or I was just doing it wrong.

I think the first time I really, genuinely poisoned myself was when I was nineteen.  My attempts as a young kid had mostly been hanging attempts or overdoses with the few potentially lethal over-the-counter drugs, neither of which had really been working, so I picked something genuinely toxic.  It was really a struggle to keep it down, and I mostly did.  But I guess I didn't retain enough to kill me.  That was the last time I tried, though, for a long time.

Things changed over the next few years.  I started to get some distance from my family.  I started to overcome my past and put myself back together.  I started to chase after my dreams.  I was pretty fucked up during my twenties (see that other post), but by the time I met my partner, I really thought things were looking up.  And it was really good with him, for a while, in certain ways.  I left out some details in my other post.

My life has been shrinking steadily ever since I met him, in terms of the things I do and the people I see.  I've lost all of the parts of myself that I feel made me who I really am.  I've lost everything that made me feel accomplished or worthwhile as a person.  I had to make major sacrifices for the silliest reasons, and I never got to say no.

A year and a half ago was when he started getting really angry.  I couldn't handle it.  I really just wanted it to be over.  So I took a bunch of pills.  About xxx mg of something and xxxxx mg of something else.  I was hoping the former would end it quietly and painlessly, since I was opiate naive and not very big (~135 lbs), and if that failed, I thought the latter would cause liver failure.  Admittedly, the latter option would mean a rather unpleasant end, but 5/500 pills were the only thing on hand.

Didn't work.  So I decided I would try doubling that dose the next night.  But I only managed to take about the same amount as the night before before my partner came home and caught me.  I was hospitalized.  He said he didn't believe I was /really/ trying to kill myself.

And things have only been getting worse from there.  Attempts, even completely serious ones, don't really change how people look at you.  They never really think you need help or that things really need to change.  You're only ever the problem.  And knowing you tried to commit suicide just gives people a pretext to further infantilize you; it becomes another weakness that people will exploit.  There's no upside to sharing or getting "help."

I don't want to do it anymore.  I don't want to go home and repeat the usual cycle.  I don't have the resources to go anywhere else.  I really feel that I shouldn't have to.  I'm so tired, and all I want is to be done with this.  I gave it a really, really good try, didn't I?  I don't know anymore.  If I did, shouldn't that be enough?

I feel frustrated with my body for surviving.  I wasn't joking around all of those times that I tried.  I tried pretty hard to research methods and doses that would actually work, and I genuinely followed through.  I didn't just complain.  Why did it never work?  Am I just that much of a fuck up?  Or am I just really unlucky?

I just wish it was easier.  I refuse to traumatize some poor train conductor or something of that sort.  I guess I could try some other otc option, but I'll probably fail at that too, no matter how much of a margin of error I give myself.  It's pretty pathetic when you fail at both living and dying.  And every time you fail, you feel even more powerless.

I thought this post would have a point by the time I got to the end of it, but I guess not.  I don't even know why I wrote it.  Maybe I'm just an attention whore or a drama queen.  Maybe I'm a whiner.  I honestly can't tell what the point of anything I say anymore is.  I'm sorry.