Avoidant of everythingI'm about 100% sure I have avoidant personality disorder. My parents sent me to a shrink after busting me with a pound of weed that I was selling and put me on paxil, I'm pretty sure I had what would be described as a panic attack while on it and just stopped going. This was 3 years ago, I've made at least two attempts to tell my family that I have a serious problem, they tell me to try harder. As long as I can remember I've been labeled as shy and quiet, its a known family story that I never cried when I was a baby and every single comment from a teacher all the way back to kindergarten states that I should participate more.  

It doesn't help that I come from a 1st generation set of asian immigrant parents who are very successful and supportive of my apathy. I've been intelligent and congenial enough to cruise through school and life with mediocre grades (currently my last year of university), but I've slowly been withdrawing more and more since junior high. Growing up my parents have always reminded me how fortunate I am that I don't have to worry about money issues while simultaneously drilling it into my head to find a job with security (insurance, benefits). They also constantly remind me about the hardships they've been through to achieve what they have and how lazy and lucky I am. As long as I can remember I think to myself I don't deserve the life I've been born into. To be fair, they've never pushed me too hard like I've seen with other asian parents, and kind of let me do what I want since I never got into trouble, never gave them trouble, am very polite and considered to be the good son. What is crippling me is my unexplainable behavior to just not do things. I've never had a close nit group of friends who do things together, instead I have a few long term individual friends, whose friends I never get along with, or they never get along with each other. As a result of getting older I only see them here and there for a movie or meal, this is the extent of my social network. I go to a business school and have made ZERO connections, I go to class and immediately come home, people from class invite me to hang out all the time, I make up an excuse and go home to do nothing but regret what I've done, this is a cycle that has been going on for more than 10 years. My grades have slipped considerably, and although I am not failing, I can't bring myself to do things like register for graduation (which is now pending cause I missed a school payment, even though my parents literally gave me their credit card to just pay for school). I catch myself lying constantly to cover up simple responsibilities. I'm 23 and I don't even have a driver's license. I've started driving lessons with two different schools twice within this year at the request of my parents and just stop going right before my final lesson to set up the driving test appointment.  

I look at myself and see a non-functioning waste of resources. I've been given every opportunity and every advantage an individual could receive and do nothing with it. My childhood friends have moved on with their lives becoming doctors, starting businesses and families, and I can't even bring myself to create a resume this late into my educational pursuit. My family loves me dearly, but are crazy judgmental and staunchly traditional. They know it's unusual and concerning the amount of time I spend at home alone, but love the fact that I am around all the time. I've known since I was 12 that I was gonna have a problem adjusting to life with the way I operate, but kinda just shrugged it off thinking things would work out, by high school it was becoming more apparent that I was giving up control. I've already rationalized hurting my family with my actions, they have so much and are strong people, if anything my death will most likely help bring more fortune to those more deserving as my family would no longer have to worry about my situation and probably donate whatever funds they have saved for me for better causes. I've traveled around the world and seen the diversity of life and turmoil and my parents taught me how to see ahead and in the grand scheme of things, how can my life of compliant apathy and wastefulness be worth any more than someone who is fighting desperately to live and yet starve to death. I can't explain it because its probably the irrationality of my disorder, but I'd rather die than explain all of this to my family and see the look of disgust on their faces. I told them about my depression before and the look that they gave me only deterred me even more.

I've already tried to give my life more purpose by helping non-profits which resulted in me abandoning a project I had with an autistic kid. I had missed a deadline so I basically cut contact to avoid confrontation which added to my depression.