I think I'm finally ready to end things. I'm just too ugly, and my life is going nowhere.It's a good thing I'm flat broke.

Background: I'm nearing 30 and have spent 8 years working on myself to be the best possible person I can. Got in amazing shape, started dressing well, worked on my social skills and nervous tics, and got my hygiene in order. Studied attraction and flirtation as well.

Well my previously fat body covered my hideous face. Now when women see me, I trigger their gag reflex. People often talk about me after I pass them, either saying something to their friend laughing at how ugly I am or pity comments like "poor guy only has a face a mother could love." I've also overheard coworkers talking about how I look when they think I have my headphones on.

So today, my therapist confirms that I'm "unfortunate looking". She was trying to make a point that ugly people can meet woman, and slipped up by saying that though I'm unfortunate looking, I still can find someone. She realized what she said immediately and tried to change topics. Didn't want to embarrass her but it really, really hurt. It was nice to get some honesty for once though.

So afterwards I leave early for work for an interview for a promotion, so I try my damnest to get in a better mood for it, playing upbeat music. Though my face might be disgusting, I spent the rest of my money before my paycheck picking out a really nice outfit to wear for the interview. So I'm dressed well and feeling a little better.

Get in there, and was immediately told by the hiring supervisor that my interview is tomorrow. The confirmation email did say today and informed her if this, but she just told me tomorrow.

So now I'm guaranteed not to get the position because of this embarrassment, have to wear my old baggy dress clothes I had when I was fat tomorrow so that I have something different on, since I can't afford to buy another outfit, because if I don't go to the interview, I'll never get another interview for any position, and had yet another confirmation my face is disgusting.

As I said, it's lucky (at least for my few loved ones) that I'm broke, because there's a gun store just 4 miles away, and I wish I could make a purchase.

Forever alone and stuck in the same place. I'm a joke.

I just ask please don't give me any nonsense that everyone will find their true love or anything not realistic, as it just makes me feel worse. Also I don't want to embarrass myself with a normal picture of myself, so please don't ask for one, as I know any compliments would be faux, and don't feel like being told I'm ugly any more than I already have been today. 

Also I'm not considering plastic surgery. I'd rather give the money to Doctors Without Borders to save children who deserve to live but don't have the opportunity. Darwin clearly wants me to die, as 10000 years ago, I would have been thrown out of my tribe for being too ugly and would have died soon after in the wilderness.

Thank you for reading, as I needed to vent if I could stand a chance to make it through today. Friday's payday, and I'll have decisions to make.