Got dumped and having a hard time handling itIt's been almost a month since the break up, Jan 2. And it's been a struggle and the thought has crossed my mind through out the past month more times than I can count. I just feel so worthless. 
           
 Here's the girl that I loved with all my being and I made sure she knew it everyday and then it's gone. She tells me she doesn't love me anymore. And a year of my life and all that work effort and closeness to that person is now gone. And I have no one to blame but myself for just being a shitty bf too often.
           
  And recently I've been seeing her around with a new guy not even 3ish weeks later. This was devastating. He not only gets her but he also managed to pick her up in a fraction of the time I took. All throughout our relationship I can recall how much she said "lol I don't do relationships" before and even occasionally during us dating. She even stated in her whole break up speach that she still "didn't do relationships"
         
   And now I feel as if I don't have anyone to turn to. I see this girl almost everyday cause we're still in school together and we have extracurriculars together and it pains me to see her, and I end up getting super depressed and just wishing I was dead.
          
The only thing that has stopped me from being so is I to the best of my ability don't want to do that to my parents. But with how this feeling just keeps getting worse I don't think that'll stop me for much longer. 
        
  I am a worthless piece of garbage that won't ever be able to amount to anything. I am a failure in the making at 18 and don't want to see how much I struggle to just fail.
     
  And even now I know I'm only doing this in a last ditch effort to feel loved by someone, but please someone tell me why I shouldn't just end it.

EDIT: I will admit telling or rather posting has made me feel a little better but the depression will come back and i end up at square 1 again.. 

I really want to say thank you to those who have reached out to help. The kindness y'all have given has really given me a better perspective on the whole event. I can feel bad but suicide wasn't the right thing to do here. 
THANK YOU