Mom may pass... TRIGGER WARNINGI have been on and off suicidal for the last 4 years. I've been in intensive treatment for about 2 years. My last attempt was May 10th 2018. This killed my father. I overdosed on all of my medication and he had a heart attack. Since then, I've been trying to take care of my mom and haven't been doing the best job. She deserves better. 

I was recently going to try to take my life and make it look like an accident. I realized I wasn't as prepared as I believed to be. My aunt sent me to the psych ward and they discontinued my Xanax prescription. I've been on it for 2 years and have been going through withdrawal and have become completely dependent on my mom.

Recently, I went to the ER with severe anxiety because my mom's feet were swollen and she wouldn't go to the hospital. While I was there, I told them I planned to kill myself when my mom passed. Guess what happens while I'm at the ER. I hear my mom's name being called in the background. I turn around frantically screaming her name alerting the staff. They didn't know it was my mom. She had a heart attack and is in ICU. I was certain she had died.

I was going to kill myself that day. Driving to the hospital I was going to drive myself into the river. Or crash my car sans seatbelt. But I realized what would happen if she did make it and found out her daughter killed herself.

At the hospital, I asked my aunt if she would let me spend the night because I didn't want to walk an empty house with my mother in the hospital. She said no. The mental health team that was successfully helping me can't help me as I've moved out of the area. 

When she goes, and oh my god I hope she makes it, I plan to take her huge cache of opiate medication with alcohol. I'm going to go to the most beautiful place I've been in the world. Take a canoe out, hopefully suffer respiratory depression. I can't swim.

I can't be homeless. I refuse. I already was talked into living but... I can't get access to the support I need in time.