i don't think it's going to work outi'm so bad at communicating to people to how bad is everything. i try to tell my girlfriend a lot, and i talk and talk and talk and i just get so upset i can't keep going. and she gets so sad. and then i just want to end it. I learned this year that talking doesn't actually do that much, and that people are lying when they say it will help. They don't know. talking about your problems still means you have to confront them. and sometimes they're unsolvable. So yeah talking is worthless, just makes my girlfriend sad. what's the point.

everyone keeps telling me to stop blaming other for my problems. well actually one person. and that person causes so many problems, made so many hard things for me. and she still does it. and then whenever i bring it up, like hey stop doing this thing, it's stop blaming other people. 

and I feel like i was made to be so sad when i was a kid, and that now i'm returning to that sadness that i will never be happy. because what the fuck is going to happen that's going to make me happy? I try so fucking hard, I really do. I hate it when people say, don't give up. I haven't given up for a long fucking time, I tried everything I researched i put effort in, I pursued the right opportunities, but at the end of the day lots of bad shit happens to me, i get outnumbered, and i don't have a support system. so it just fucking falls apart. it'll happen again.

Anyway, if it weren't for her and my best friend I'd kill myself today. and i'm still fucking ready to do it. Just fuck give me a gun right now. i play this game where i imagine a button in front of me where if i hit it it kills me. and i imagine really hard that its real and try to convince myself and i just fucking slam my hand down on the button. And it feels so good, guys. Feels so fucking good. 

I just want to stop thinking, stop existing as a person. It hasn't been worth it. I thought it eventually would, but it hasn't. Instead I have to live this reality where all the things i love and really like slowly stop mattering to me. I'm starting to not care about my friends, who I love a lot. I'm starting to not care about my girlfriend, who i love a lot. They've been my angels but it just hurts so much.