My life is hell and I dont know what I'm doing wrong...I dont know how to start this but let me tell you this. Im 17 years old guy without goals, ambitions and I dont see the purpose of life I was given. In last 4 years my life has significantly changed. Im depressed and suicidal since I can reamember. I think it started 4 years ago when my grandmother had a serious operation and nearly died, one year later my cousin almost killed himself on skiing, he was in coma for almost a month 600 km away and now he is semi-handicapped. In the beginning of this year I was hit by fact that my mother is dying of cancer. It literally killed me. It was like someone emptied a gun in my chest. I couldnt even contemplate. Since than, all I think about is suicide, death and what will happen on the other side. But I'm too afraid of what awaits me. I want to belive in reincarnation so I'll have a better life with some joy and happiness. All I think about is my mom, death and what happens afterwards. Its happening 24/7. All this fucking shit is on my shoulders since Im the only child and have noone to talk to. In school I can't focus and Im falling behind, I think I'll fail this year. It makes my mom cry all nights and days. She blames me for what happened to her. Its driving me mad, I was looking at a knife for like 10 minuts crying and shaking. I feel like I have no future and I was cursed by God. But why? What did I ever do wrong? My mother told me that placing my faith in God was the answer but now I hate God because he gave my mother cancer. I dont wanna work my whole life as a fucking slave and still be poor. I hate how people treat me like I'm dumb because of  bad notes I get. I have problems doing simple things. My parents think im a lazy piece of shit not willing to study. But I just can't, my brains are full of silence and depression and I feel Im gonna explode. Couple weeks ago my mother told me she wishes I was never born. I reamember I ran outside with some vodka and weed and I cried long into the night. I use weed and alcohol to numb the pain since I was 13.

Oh and my social life... I've had a few girls but nothing lasted more than a month. I cant open myself, sadly I think they were just some kind of objects to me because I was so afraid to be lonely. The fact is I dont trust people. Fuck it, I might even be antisocial, I hate people! They say one thing and do the other, Im sick of lies and backstabbing. Most of them are fake and full of shit. I have almost no people that I can trust and talk. Nobody knows about everything thats happening to and inside of me. They dont know I'm internally bleeding, that  my soul is empty and cold, that my eyes reflects no life. I've suppressed everything with fake smiles and lies but now after so many years I'm on the edge. I just wanna end it all and start a new life somewhere where I'm wanted and loved. I dont wanna be a burden, I wanna know exactly what my purpose in this shitty world is for. Somewhere where money isn't the biggest concern. Somewhere where people dont kill each other over religion. Somewhere where there is peace, love and joy...

Sincerely, Zan
