16 years old, suicidal.I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to put here but, in a nut shell. I've had the feeling of depression and suicidal thoughts for about the past 9 or 10 years. It started when I was either 6 or 7 and my great grandfather passed away. I didn't really know him well, but of course my family did. He passed away 3 days before my birthday. Ever since then, no one has cared about my birthday, they would always be sad and wouldn't even remember my birthday. So at first I felt really worthless and uncared for.

Fast forward to last year, my suicidal thoughts got so much worse. School was stressing me the fuck out, and my life at home wasn't the best either. I would go to school to a bunch of people who are a bunch of dickheads for no reason, and teachers who would assign hours of homework, mainly essays and projects. With not enough time am too much to do, I would do bad on them and be pissed off and disappointed with myself for not doing well. And my older brother was amazing when it came to school. So whenever I'd compare my failures to all of his successes I would always get so angry and sad. 

Then I'd come home to my parents that would constantly be arguing. Then their anger would be transferred to me and I'd get into trouble for no fucking reason. I would get yelled at and beaten for no reason. I have a girlfriend, she sometimes makes it better. But most of the time I still feel worthless and can't seem to fix it. October of last year I got the courage to tell my parents that I had suicidal thoughts and thought I was depressed. They set up an appointment and sure enough I was diagnosed with severe major depression disorder. I was prescribed Lexapro or escitalopram. My parents started treating me differently. I felt like a freak. I tried taking it easy and taking the meds while trying to remain calm at all times. I couldn't hang with it. About a month or two ago I stopped taking the meds even though I wasn't supposed to. I haven't been improving. My anger is back and getting worse, my sadness is back and getting worse. I've read comments about people saying to do something that you like to keep you calm or distracted. For me it was playing video games, almost like entering a new world completely. I would play video games and I'd be very competitive about them. Lately I've been rage quitting so often and they piss me off that I would look for ways to hurt myself or try to hit things without causing much damage to my house. Point being my hobby isn't helping me anymore. 

My girlfriend is moving away in a couple months to go off to college. No one will care about me then. I'm also the middle child. My older brother goes through everything first and my younger brother is the baby of the family. I fucking hate my life. I am not sure when but I am planning on killing myself on my birthday. This way my fucking family will have a reason to remember my birthday, whether they like it or not. My birthday is July 26th. I was thinking of next year after I graduate from high school, I would kill myself on my birthday. I'm not sure as to how yet, but I've thought that either hanging or taking a knife and cutting up my arms or slitting my throat. Thanks for taking the time to read this. I hope you others who suffer from depression and suicidal thoughts can see a better solution.