After almost a year of being a burden, I plan to end my lifeI don't know how it got to this. I thought that by moving to the different country I would escape poverty and be useful to society. I thought that I would finally stop being worthless to everyone close to me. I was promised a calm and stress-free life by my parents and peers. To my surprise, none of these came true. 

At the end of last year, I moved to Wales with my father, because my mother could no longer support me, so that I could find a job, and, hopefully, get an education. After I arrived, I had to wait an extra 3 months so that I could attend a university interview. Because of this, I panicked almost daily. I would wake up with cold sweats, a racing heart, and a foggy head. I could barely get out of bed and go outside to the store. 

When the interview arrived, I passed it without too many issues and was sent an offer which I firmly accepted. However, it turned out that the student financing firm wouldn't fund my course and my anxiety came back with full force. I had to send applications to the nearest universities and all the stress just made me even more deranged. 

At this time, I started sending applications for work, not knowing how to even build a proper CV. I would like to add that I have 0 experience. My first job I got only because of connections and even then, the boss got so mad at me that he kicked me out within 2 weeks and told me never to come near his business.

In my spare time, I just watch youtube videos, and play video games. I am currently learning programming since I will be studying Computer Science. However, with this large gap on my resume, I don't know how I will ever explain myself to employers. I have no friends. I am a hermit. My dad can barely even support me and it hurts that I can't help him. 

If it wasn't obvious from my ramblings, I am severely mentally ill. I have asperger's syndrome and a range of anxiety and depressive disorders. I believe it is exremely obvious to others around me. After sending hundreds of applications, I received only a few interview invitations, all from which I was rejected afterwards.

I can't take it anymore. I will just make it easier on my dad and poison myself while he is asleep. I have nothing to live for. I will just burden my family even more by being alive. Please prove me wrong! Please!