alone, abused?, meds aren't workingHey, I know that a Saturday night can be a pretty busy time in places like this, and I'm sorry for using up your time. 

I guess I've always known that I wanted to kill myself, but lately I've realized that the time to actually follow through is coming closer and closer. 

I'm currently on medical leave from college after several suicide attempts and I'm at home with my family. I'm away from my close friends and about a 5 hour drive from my boyfriend, and it's taking a toll on me. 

While I'm at home, I'm living with my parents. My parents are very nice people, but I've been told by my therapist that some of the things they've done (trying to send me to ex-gay therapy, being mad at me after I got outed as bisexual, their non-reaction after I got raped) are abuse, but I feel like I must've greatly exaggerated those things or mis-represented them or mis-remembered them. I don't think anything has happened in my life that should make a therapist think I was abused, and I'm extremely embarrassed that I've led people to believe I have. It's shameful, and shame is very painful. 

I'm currently diagnosed with bipolar disorder, generalized anxiety, and PTSD, and the medications I've been prescribed have been working really well for the last few months until things started to get bad about a month ago. I've been having increased anxiety, more trouble falling aseep, and more self-hating thoughts, including thoughts of suicide. It took years for me to get on medications/therapy/lifestyle changes that were able to help me before, and now that they're no longer working I feel that it might be reasonable for me to assume there's a chance I will never feel normal again. 

I have seen quite a few attempted suicides/accidental deaths or near deaths through my line of work, and I think I know exactly what I can overdose on that will kill me relatively quickly, and at a dose that will make death much more likely. I've been thinking of the technical aspects of this more frequently now that the time is coming closer. I just am afraid of how everyone around me will deal with it when I'm gone. How do I let my boyfriend know about this? My friends? My family? That's what's holding me back. 