What happens if you don't have lemons?I don't really know what to say to myself anymore. My mind and my mood shift like the seasons - one moment I'm up, the next I'm mentally six feet under, commiserating my unfortunate life. It's hard to be positive and act like you're an exuberant ball of energy when your psyche walks a tightrope and one small nudge sends it into free fall. I have a frankly great job as a game developer, everyone tells me I'm so smart for completing a mathematics degree and I'm "a good looking guy" by a fair few standards. I see none of this. My mind has sculpted what is probably a much more accurate self-description; a self-obsessed slacker who gets by on his laurels and never works hard, someone who's barely anything more attractive than his skin colour and is a perennial failure.

Sounds harsh, right? Not really. That's my moderate estimation. I don't get given lemons from life, but I constantly cock it up enough that you'd think it does. I guess that's the problem with setting myself up in the ideal first. None of you actually know me, or will ever know me, that's probably why I'm so comfortable just letting my thoughts flow. They always stay bottled up, weighing my body down, deepening my speech, extending my feelings of dread. The voices which manifest aren't much fun either. Their stereophonic chatter just reinforces all the wrong I've done to myself, my friends and my family. The words of disgust I tell myself are all justified, mind you, as I've not lived a clean or wholesome life.

I've failed to live up to my own expectations. I've made unwarranted sexual advances in the past towards women, I've lied to friends and family and I never stood up for the people who stand up for me. My cowardice, loneliness and overall scum nature don't deserve a continued existence. No number of apologies, no attempts to change (no matter how many I've tried to make) and no platitudes will ever remedy these truths. My past will forever haunt me.

I was never given lemons. I have had, from humble beginnings, every opportunity to become a brilliant person, and I've failed to become that man. Mr. Successful stares at me in my sleep, with the girlfriend I've never had, the job security, the portfolio, the talent in sports which matches the time put in. He doesn't smirk smugly or contribute to the cacophonous sound in my mind - he just exists calmly in my periphery, doing what I fail to do. I am the stark contrast, and I constantly remind myself of this.

Is this my own form of torture? Probably. I'm too weak to provide a permanent fix. I'm so tired of my mind dragging me down when I try to become a better human being, a better developer, a better dancer or sportsman, but I don't confront it or silence it. I almost admire those who have taken their lives into their own hands because they had  the will to quieten that feeling of dread and discomfort. I keep thinking of my own funeral and that is a sad deterrent - my mum and I haven't been on good terms for years but the thought of seeing her cry over me is unbearable. It just leaves me stuck, in the eye of a storm I have no idea how to quell.

I wish I could say I tried to make lemonade, but what can I do when life never gave me lemons? 