Trigger warning for a suicide story: I feel sad and helpless about what my dad is going through right now.My dad works as a caregiver. He worked for six months for an old man (let’s call him Will, 79 y.o.) who is incredibly incredibly incredibly rich with luxury cars and huge house. Sadly, just a couple of days ago, Will committed suicide. My dad works five days live-in with him and two days off (he works another job for those days). When he got back from his day off, he found the Will lying on his side in the kitchen with pills all around him and a glass of vodka.

My dad said that Will was always telling him and other people that Will always had plans at the back of his mind to do the deed. This started when Will became weak as he got Parkinson’s. Will felt that he is not as strong as he used to be and that thought took a toll on him. I’m not blaming him as people have different level of tolerance regarding different things. He kept saying that all his money are no use and things like that. My dad always gave him support and words of encouragement to dissuade him from thinking about negative stuff. Still, Will did it. He told my dad that he will not commit suicide if my dad is around, as it will be traumatic for my dad which is why he did it when my dad was away. Nevertheless, my dad was still traumatized by what happened.

My dad is with Will almost every day, and I can’t imagine feeling the shock of seeing someone lying on the ground just after you bought him groceries for the week, and left peeled apples and oranges before you left for your day off. My dad has offered a reliever for Will so that there will be someone to be with Will during his days off but Will doesn’t want any reliever during those days. Now, my dad is telling me that he is regretting not forcing Will enough to take the reliever as he thinks that if someone is there with Will, then Will wouldn’t have done it. Even though I keep telling my dad that he shouldn’t think about that, I know that a part of him would still be thinking that.

Now, my dad is alone in another country without my mom and me by his side. He is lonely and shocked and he said that he can’t just easily erase the scene of what he saw. He can’t sleep well at night and he still thinks about Will. I know it has been just a couple of days since that happened, but I also know that each second that passes thinking about it is torture. I feel helpless and I am very sad about what my dad is experienceing. He is such a great and amazing guy the point that Will bought him a brand new car when he was just five months in to his work with him. My dad doesn’t deserve to experience the sadness and shock that he is going through right now.

For all those who are thinking about the deed of suicide, I don’t know if this is selfish to ask, but please do not do it. Rethink about it for a million times and if there’s one time in that million times where you got a feeling of even a bit feeling kf hesitance, do not go through with it anymore. Things will get better. It’s not only you who will be affected but others around you as well. Please. Let’s go through life together. All of us.

To all of you, let’s please offer some prayers and hope for a peace of mind for Will. Also, please spare some prayers for my dad - that he recovers from the experience quickly and to have the sadness and shock all wiped away from him. Thank you.