How could you do this to me?I have been wanting to die every second of every day for the past few years straight.

You were my soul mate, we were meant to be together, and you chose someone else. I can't believe you did this to me. Any time I tell someone about this, which is rarely, they say I'll get over it, find someone else. But no one fills the gap, no one replaces you, no one. Am I seriously living in a fucking time where this is fucking happening?

How are all of my fucking feelings one way? There's no fucking way! When I first met you, I saw the way you looked into my eyes, and I felt the same, and I was dedicated to you.

I did everything for you, you motivated me like never before in my life, and then you turned into a completely different person out of nowhere. And you treated me worse than the most hateful Nazi treated any Jew. You acted like I was the greatest anathema to walk the earth, and you were everything I was looking for, you were the one I was waiting for, the source of my life.

And then you left me in the most brutal way possible, you called me the worst names imaginable, you ran off with someone else. I can't believe you did this to me. I look back upon every memory, and I look around, no one compares to who you were. People tell me I'll find someone else. I won't, I can't. No one fills the gap, and no one ever will. You were everything to me you fucking asshole. How could you do this to me? 

I learned there is no god. I learned everything is just opportunistic, and is nothing more than a predator-prey world, survival of the fittest. I learned the universe cares about nothing. I've been wanting to die ever since I met you, because when I met you those were my best memories, until you stole my soul away, and then I was told you weren't the right person by other people around me, WHEN I THOUGHT YOU WERE! I KNEW YOU WERE! YOU KNOW IT WAS TRUE AND YOU RUINED EVERYTHING!

I don't want anyone else but you! The way you were! Why did you change? I have been in pain for years since you stole my soul, and ever since you were gone I have had no soul ever since then. 

I've been empty, nobody, nothing. You filled me completely, and no one can. I want all of my memories to cease functioning, the only thing I seek is death, and I want to kill myself every day. I can't believe life did this to me, and you ruined my entire future, and the rest of my life.

I can't live another day. No one will replace you, I don't care what people tell me. No one can. God is evil, if he exists, and fuck him. He can't help me, the only way he can is to bring you back to me. I want you to love me, not someone else.

&amp;#x200B;

I want you to love me, not someone else. I wanted to marry you, and you never respected me. Do you have any idea how much I loved you, what I did for you, what I would've done for you as well? You have no idea how much motivation you were. I can't have you, and I have to wake up another fucking day without the hope that you can return into my life while I'm still in my physical prime. But no, only when I have a terminal illness, I've lost all of my health I have earned through all of my sacrifices I have made, will I see you again. Only when I have no attraction, will you come back to mock me to my face. I wanted us to be together in our prime. And it's an impossible dream, and I'm wilted, and dead every day. You were it. And I was just the unlucky son of a bitch you got handed the worst hand imaginable. 

It's been years, and I have met no one who makes me feel the way you made me feel, and I never will. Every woman who comes into my life is counterfeit, and not you. I wish you came back to me tomorrow.

&amp;#x200B;

I am ready to die, but I am forced to live. I can't stand this anymore. I can't stand the pain every fucking day. I can't live like this, all I pray for is God to kill me now, but out of his unmerciful, hateful, deplorable way of dealing with me, he won't let me forget it all. He won't let my memories burn away, instead they remain like a dark crystal inside of my empty vessel without a soul.