Suicidal? I'm mentally exhausted... Everything is tearing me downHi reddit.  This is my first time posting here, and sorry mods but I'm crossposting based on some recommendations i received on other subs.  This is going to be a long one (I'm so sorry), but I had to talk to someone about this, and I thought it was the best way to figure out any options I may have.  I'm at my wit's end.  Throwaway because it's pretty serious and while I don't know anyone who reddits, I can't be too careful.

Background:  I've always been pretty purposed - by this I mean, I strive to be successful.  It's not that I'm particularly motivated to do anything for myself, but I feel as though success itself means I must be doing well.  The problem with that is even through all of that, I still felt sad at the end of the day, sometimes having incredibly dark thoughts.

I have always had pretty severe clinical depression.  I was diagnosed when I was 17 and it started to make sense why I was sad all the time.  However, when I was diagnosed, I was also trying to get into a job field where I could NOT be on any antidepressants or any other prescriptions for mental illness whatsoever.  Long story short, I refused to get the prescription and never disclosed to anyone how bad my depression really is.

My freshman year of college, I was particularly sad.  Changing routines seems to mess with my mood, as I've noticed.  I quickly moved in with a girlfriend who ended up being emotionally and sexually abusive towards me.  It really did some damage to my self esteem and I felt stuck.  I felt as though I still loved her dearly and wanted to make things work no matter what.  She ended up cheating on me, several times.  Eventually I put an end to it, but we continued to live together due to our lease ending soon after the break up.  Closer to the lease ending, she started becoming apologetic towards me and told me she wanted to make things work.  More manipulation, and I fell for it.  Four days before the lease ended, my parents showed up to my doorstep saying that my gf called saying I'm suicidal and need to be taken to the hospital immediately.  Them knowing my mental health history, they did just that.  My ex, being the manipulator she was, convinced me it wasn't her so that I wouldn't disclose that she was also gay (her family is extremely Catholic).

After finding out more about me, that I am gay, my parents immediately cut me off.  They stopped giving me money for living expenses (I was on scholarship for academics) and since I was in student apartments, I had no where to go.  I ended up being homeless/sleeping on friends' couches for the majority of the summer.

I finally managed to find a decent paying job, but no benefits, and also landed a couple more scholarships/loans to cover books and day-to-day expenses, like food.  I was able to stay enrolled.

Long story short, I managed to finish college, get my degree, and I'm fairly successful in my job field.  I have a wonderful, patient girlfriend (long distance) and my friends &amp; family, minus my parents, have been incredibly supportive.

The only thing that has never changed was my depression.  These past holidays only made it worse, but I digress.

Now I moved many states away alone (2 years alone!) and have a fantastic job.  I am completely independent.  I also managed to (partly) mend the relationship with my parents and they are now completely supportive of the fact I am gay.  They decided to move closer to me as well.  My father, however, is a very ignorant person (for lack of a better term) and he commonly is very rude and blunt.  He also gets extremely angry. He told me that he realizes it's an issue, but wants to work on it.  I wanted to give him a chance.  Everything with them was on a good track until recently.  Both parents started making me feel equally guilty for not spending time with them and very unwelcome when I do see them.

On New Years, I spent the evening with my father and uncle.  My uncle is rather young, 18, due to my grandmother adopting a child at an older age.  He spends most of his time with us (story for another time).  Anyways, we decided we wanted to go out for dinner and drinks in the closest metro city (about three hours away).  I have the most reliable vehicle, so we drove my car with the premise that my uncle would drive home.  No problem - I wasn't planning on having much to drink but I never risk drinking and driving.  As the night continued, I was having a lovely time, and I drank a little more than I previously planned.  I also noticed that my father was incredibly intoxicated quickly and started asking rude, invasive questions but I would ignore it (not a huge issue, it's New Years so I tried acting like it didn't bug me too much).  Suddenly I received a call that someone broke into my apartment, but was caught and didn't take anything minus my Playstation 4.  I was on my phone for a good 45 minutes tops, and halfway through I let my father &amp; uncle know what was going on.  I stepped back out to finish the call and give my insurance company a heads up.  On returning to the bar, my father and uncle were gone.  I searched everywhere for them, and my phone was on 5% at that point after calling them both several times (unsuccessfully).  Nowhere to be found.

I finally decided I should try to track down my vehicle to see if maybe they were there.  The walk to my vehicle was about 20 minutes (and being somewhat drunk didn't help).  Again, nowhere to be found.  I finally received a drunken call from my father saying they're on their way home already, and they're not coming back.  He hung up and then soon after my phone died.  Here I am stuck in a city alone and I have no way of calling anyone.  At this point I'm annoyed and tired and my apartment was broken into.  It was well past midnight and I had no idea where the time went.  So I tried walking to a few hotels near me and they were all booked.  Finally, I found one and stayed the night.  I used the hotel phone to call myself a cab to take me home the next day (not cheap).

When I was back home, I found my car parked at my apartment with my keys in it.  I was pissed - so I called my uncle and asked what the hell happened.  He told me my father was irate and angry, so they just up and left (my uncle doesn't have much of a spine, he is supported mostly by my parents; also sort of close minded like my father).  My mother was on vacation, so she had no clue what had happened.  I blame my father 100% for what happened.  I never received an apology.  I told my mother the whole story when she returned from vacation, but supposedly my father had lied to her about the situation and she took his side.

I spent a little over a week trying to calm down about it all.  Eventually I decided that I needed to set limitations on my interaction with them.  I let them know that the situation and a culmination of rude and toxic comments/actions from my father caused me to want to restrict seeing them.  I sent them this in a text.  My father quickly replied and tried calling, saying I am overreacting and that I'm being a child about it all.

I never replied to him, and heard nothing from my mother for awhile.  My cousin, who I have not seen in quite some time, is visiting my parents.  I was best friends with my cousin growing up, and he really wants to see me.  Unfortunately, he doesn't have a car here and he has no clue about the situation with my parents minus the fact that I told him I'm not really on speaking terms with them at the moment.  We've talked, and he's planning on staying over a couple days during his visit.

Here's where the problem lies: my depression is getting incredibly worse.  It's starting to degrade some of the relationships with friends because I'm so sad I don't even want to leave home sometimes.  I also feel like it's causing me to act rudely or disrespectfully towards my girlfriend (she's been so patient with me, it's unbelievable).  I love her and my friends/family to death, but even that isn't keeping me happy.  I feel as though my presence in people's lives causes more issues than good.  My cousin has to tiptoe around my parents because of me, not to mention my parents basically act as though I'm a parasite.  My friends all usually have to travel long distance to see me (even when I get a break from work) so I feel like I take advantage of their friendships.  I know these feelings are probably just through my perspective, but they're all part of me feeling worthless and hopeless.  Even moving up in my job field doesn't interest me anymore.

I'm trying to focus on things that I enjoy, but I can't seem to get enjoyment out of any of it.  I can't eat much anymore, and I get anxiety attacks from simply going to the grocery or gas station.  The only things I look forward to are small plans I make here and there, but then they turn out to disappoint me anyways.

I'm to the point now where I don't even see a point of continuing on like I am.  If I were to be put on antidepressants, I would lose my job and dig an even bigger hole.  I can't talk to my parents, and my closest friends are too far away to do anything anyways.  My girlfriend is planning on changing jobs, so she's stressed out as it is.  I would hate for her to worry about me like that.  I'm stuck mentally and I have no clue where to go from here.  I have more and more frequent dark thoughts.  I'm not even sure seeing a mental health professional would do me much good - if I am hospitalized for those reasons, I lose my job.  This is strange to say, but I don't even feel suicidal in the common sense.  I don't want to put in the work and emotional fortitude for that.  I would rather just slip away in my sleep.  Is that suicidal?

What do I do?  I feel emotionally exhausted.  I just want to be happy because of myself, regardless of the relationships I have in my life.  I want the depression to stop.  I don't even know what advice someone could have to help me.