[Long, I'm Sorry] I called the National Suicide Prevention Helpline, twice, and I feel even worse.Hello all, I would like to share my experience with the National Suicide Prevention Helpline, and get some input on both that and the original reasons I called in, but first, a little about me. 

I am a 27 year old college-educated female from a middle-class background.  I have a pretty typical story, physically and emotionally abusive dad and a mom that stood by and watched.  All of her emotional baggage was dumped on me from the beginning; from the times he would cheat, to her bankruptcy, she came to me to vent all of it every time.  I have looked out for her from the beginning, always putting her above myself since she had it so much harder, even getting between her and dad or her and my brother when verbal fights escalated. I became a drug addict at the age of 21 (opiates, of course), and have been battling that, too.  Anyhow, she spent her entire retirement money on a house near the beach to get away from dad, and took my heroin-addicted brother and his wife with her, instead of me, because they don't like me, even though I helped her find the house and it's her house.  She's always said I was her favorite and her best friend (although I don't believe you should be friends with your children).  She comes back to visit more often than not, which is good because I don't really leave the house, not even if I'm hungry.  As for the rest of it, very quickly, last year everyone died, and two years before that I made a plan that I have since perfected about killing myself (overdose) when my mom dies (she has an end-stage disease due to addiction), as I couldn't bear to hurt someone as badly as the loss of a child would hurt a mother.  

The event that set this whole thing off was her telling me she would be home one day, then changing it to two days later, then changing it yet again.  I had a sort of epiphany, where I realized my entire life, she has told everyone only what she thought they wanted to hear, or what would keep a fuss down.  This included me.  I then realized that I was staying alive for someone who I'm not entirely sure really cares all that much about me.  There's much more, but that's the gist of it. 

As for the helpline, I know that they can only talk for a certain amount of time, and both phone calls lasted less than 5 minutes.  I told them I was 27, my mom had lied to me one too many times, and I have had a planned suicide for three years now.  One said "Why can't you be happy that she's happy at the beach", while the other said "What were you calling about again", and, as I repeated myself, was cut off and told that they're open 24/7.  Both of them made me feel like it was my fault and I was being selfish, I think mostly because they weren't listening. I'm obviously not upset that she's happy, I'm upset that she lies just to make things easier for herself, when she alone (well, along now with all you good people) knows how fragile I am.  I'm not going to make this post any longer; if you have any questions, please post them and I will answer as soon as possible. Thank you for reading my post.