I sometimes feel really hopeless about myself and my future but now it's worse than everLet me start by saying I'm not actively suicidal, so people here who are much closer to ending it all need to take a higher priority. 

I have a history of suicidal feelings in the past, but I've been able to keep it under control and live my life for the most part. I have plenty to live for in the near future, a family who cares about me even if some of them can be really hard to deal with sometimes, friends who love me for who I am, and the most amazing significant other I could ever ask for. New opportunities might come soon for me, and I might even get a chance to live the kind of life I've wanted to for years. But....I was hit with some really awful news the other day and now I just feel so hopeless and lost now and all those horrible thoughts I've been able to suppress and keep under control are coming back to the surface.

A very rare, very horrible genetic disease runs in my family, and I just found out earlier this week. I don't even want to see or type its name because it makes me feel sick to my stomach and curl into a corner and cry until I have no tears left to cry. There is a decent chance my little brother and I could inherit it, and that makes me so fucking upset I can't put it into words. My poor, innocent little brother is choosing to get himself tested to see if it's in his DNA, but I'm too afraid that finding out that I do have it for sure will send me over the edge and lead me to hurt myself really badly. A life with this type of disease sounds like a living hell, and I only have limited faith in there being a cure in the near-ish future because the disease is so rare and I don't know (or really want to know, honestly) how much research is being done right now. I do not want to have kids in the future for a huge variety of unrelated reasons, but I liked it a hell of a lot better when that was my free choice to make and not the designated choice when potentially passing the disease on would be horribly cruel. It doesn't affect most people until they're older thankfully, so I'll have some time to make a decent life for myself and hopefully experience a lot of things, but then what? What happens if the battery dies out and I start to deteriorate sooner and in a more horrible way than most people? I used to be opposed to physician assisted suicide, but I've come to understand the reasons for it a bit better and I'm realizing that if and when this disease affects me, I'd rather die in dignity, before it gets bad and before the only recent memories my loved ones have of me are ones where I'm incapable of taking care of myself, or doing much of anything really. I may have a good 30-50 years left of a quality life if something else doesn't kill me first, but then what?

This whole "realizing my mortality" thing is sending me down a really dangerous rabbit hole. My life, or at least the part worth living if the above is a factor in it, might be nearly a third of the way over and I've barely done anything meaningful to set myself up for a good future since high school ended. I have depression and moderate anxiety that I can't seek help for right now due to my current living situation. I don't have my drivers license and am trying to learn but getting almost nowhere. I have never had a real job besides neighborhood odd jobs (I just applied and interviewed for something the other day, but there's only a small number of positions and I am afraid I won't get it due to lack of experience). I'm still really dependent on my parents at an age where I should be at least on my way to becoming more independent. And this makes me remember all my flaws in general, that I'm immature in a lot of ways (life experience, emotional, responsibility, etc) and kind of lazy. I frequently question whether I'm still a good person because I've had to make some iffy decisions over the past couple of years, and I sometimes end up hurting people along the way whether I mean to or not, which I often regret even in the cases where the things they do to me/things they do that affect my life might be objectively worse. My insecurities and anxieties that all my friends only pretend to like me out of pity, that my significant other might just be up and done with my shit one day and leave me out of the blue, that my rocky family situation (a huge factor as to why I experienced suicidal thoughts in the first place due to the amount of stress) is only going to spiral into worse and worse scenarios and continue to fuck me up beyond repair in my adult life, fearing that I'll never be able to marry because I'll never be able to afford living off my parents' insurance or to pay my student loans, realizing that all of the things I'm passionate about either seldom make a living wage or require too many advanced maths and sciences for me to be able to keep up in school.... I also may or may not have Aspergers. I was diagnosed at a young age and even though I'm grateful for being able to get help earlier than most so that I could "fix" a lot of my issues and fit into the world around me, it has also really fucked up my self-perception and I sometimes see myself as just a loser punk who will never amount to anything, or occasionally like an alien trying their hardest to fit into the human world. I don't even have a lot of social issues nowadays or anything and sometimes I wonder if I was just a weird kid who needed an extra push here and there, but the damage done to the way I look at myself in the mirror is kind of hard to reverse, especially remembering all the times I was called "awkward" or just plain ignored by peers when I was younger. So, this entire negative view (which I know is probably really warped, but still) is really making me question why I'm here at all. Like....what's the point of all of my struggles if I'm just going to be terrified and helpless once (or even before) I reach my senior years?

I guess I just need someone to talk to or even just some kind words of support, someone who can handle this sort of heavy shit and help me get down from this bad place that I'm in right now. And if you're reading this and you're not that person, that's okay. It makes me feel very slightly better just to get it all typed out in one place, even if it doesn't fix or change anything.