there is nothing I can do.. I just have to kill myselfbeen sick for over 8 years now. I'm only 21. I took a chance on a relationship and being happy even though I knew and believed I could never be with anyone. I was insecure, skck, and had no experience with any type of relationships. didn't even have a real relationship with my parents or brother. still don't. but I loved this guy so much immediately. he was different than anyone I'd ever met. it felt so right seeing him and talking to him from the beginning. so I took the chance with him. it wasn't the best relationship, we fought a lot and stuff. but I still loved him and wouldn't trade being with him for anything. he's my best friend now and my only friend. but I've just fucked up too much and wasn't good enough for him. so everythings gone to shit.. I don't wanna give up and would still wanna be with him and keep working on myself and our relationship but he doesn't want that anymore. I think he just hates me now. he's always just talking about leaving me.. so I know he will. but when I say that he's going to , he gets mad and says its my fault that he's gonna leave because a I keep saying that. even though he says it on his own too and that's the only reason I feel that way, that and he has left me several times before. he's all I have and I know that unhealthy but its just how my life is. I'm pretty much homeboun cause my illness. I was homebound for years before this. only leave when I have to. anyways.. I think he is leaving now. but I've been seeing it coming. once he lesves I just have to stay at home with my abusive controlling manipulative parents who don't care about me and would never accept me if they knew who I really was. it's so horrible living here and I think thats why my partners leaving too.  he cant stand how they are either. being homebound and confined to a house where all I feel is uncomfortable and full of anxiety and cant even be myself like it's a horrible fucking life. and my parents don't care about my health they make it worse by having me do a lot for them just because my brother chooses not to do shit and they truly like him/care about him more than me. I center at here alone :( I have no friends or other family.  I have morning and nowhere to go. I'm disabled and cant work to get out of here. I can't even take showers some days or get out of bed but my parents will try to force me to work even though itd scientifically only make me worse and more disabled. I just can't do it anymore. I just wanna start planning killing myself. I wanted so much out of life and I love life I do I think it's beautiful and there's so much to experience but I cant ever have that because I'm sick and its just not gonna happen. I'm in so much physical pain too. being homebound is mostly me laying in my bed staring at the ceiling because my symptoms make it unable to watch tv or state at screens or even have lights on at times. I can't even follow story lines in shows. I cant watch movies either. I cant even listen to music or explore new music like I used too because it's literally that fucking fatiguing for me. I have tried to make it bearable here but it's just not ever going to be. there's nothing I can do especially when my health is this bad. I see a dentist who would give me pills because he knew about my health and that I had bad pain already so hed get me a lot. last time I had a whole bottle enough to kill myself with. I just have to see my dentist again and I'm good. I'm just ready for all this to be over with :( I've been crying for an hour and I know I'm not gonna stop. I just cant believe this has been my life