Here again. How utterly unsurprising.Hello once more SW... me again. Hopefully this time I won't be so long winded, hmm?

So... so I tried to do like some of you suggested, you know, print up all i'd posted at http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/blgm2/funny_im_usually_on_the_other_end_of_these/ but naturally I never actually did anything with it. Sat on my desk for a week maybe, one day I got so sick of it being there and reminding me of how fucking... well, anyway, I chucked it. Burned it first, that paranoid. Anywho, I thought I'd just bear my admittedly hefty load a bit longer and hope it got a bit lighter, but fuck knows it's only gotten a hundred times worse. Haven't taken up drinking again yet, but I've wanted to almost every single day since I posted... a couple of days I didn't I did have a couple of days when I felt really, really, really good. Like, 'conquer-a-mountain' good. I don't even know why, truth be told. Shit, maybe I *am* bipolar. Fuck knows by now I wouldn't be surprised... my moods swing so crazily these days it's little wonder I am as stable as I am... no, I'm not on mood stabilizers. No, I don't plan on going on any. Can't afford 'em, don't really want 'em.

At first I tried to get over my whole quasi-aphephobia, but that didn't last long. Progress? Ha! Good joke. It's so damned depressing and infuriating... do you have *any* idea what it is like to literally be unable to be close to someone in any sense of the word? Does anyone out there in the great echoing chamber of the internet? Do I care either way?

Anyway... relations with my family have become even more strained of late. Frankly, I'm sick of putting on a facade of love and care. I don't love them. I really don't. Maybe I'm a bad person for it, but I don't care about *that* either. I'm sick to death of all this, I really, really am... you know, I used to really want to come to college. I used to want to be a public defender, maybe, something like that... really help those people out. Now? I could still do it I guess... I'd be a pretty damn good one too. But I don't know if I care to at this point.

I used to be so damn certain about everything... now I feel so lost. Goals, desires, interests, curiosity... I used to have so much on my plate, I didn't know where to start; I'd just look on and relish everything I was going to try out. Now, I don't even see the allure of the meager portion I have forked onto my platter... god, I'm such a wreck these days. I like to think I've turned a new leaf, picked my self up and stopped acting like such an unbearable asshole, but truth be told it's all still bubbling under the surface. I'm the same cynical, misanthropic, bitter bastard I've been ever since Middle School. I'm just not as vocal as I used to be about it. For the first time this entire year at college, I snapped at someone. They asked me a completely innocent question, and I was in a bad mood, and I basically verbally ripped their goddamn throat out. Didn't even apologize initially, just stormed the fuck off. And when I did apologize, it was begrudgingly. I wasn't sorry, I did it out of obligation. It's irrational, I know; she asked me if I could help her out on some joke of a math problem, how could she possible have known that I'm not really myself at this point? But I don't care. I really just do not care. I feel bad about snapping at her, but not because of how she feels. I feel bad because it means all the pretty little dreams I'd had of ever having something even vaguely similar to a normal human relationship are bullshit. Complete, unmitigated bullshit. I'm never going to stop resenting people for all they can do and feel that I can't. I really, truly believe that this spite will only ever be dulled, at best.

I'm pissed of, SW; I'm angry at my parents for being such hypocrites, I'm pissed at my brothers for not seeing it, I'm pissed at my 'friends' because they don't understand me, I'm pissed at my professors for taking things so slowly, I'm pissed at my TA's for knowing the material worse than I do, I'm pissed at the whole goddamn world. I know it's stupid, why be mad at something beyond your control? But lord knows I am furious.

I'm about as furious as I am full of sorrow. It's odd... sometimes I am so completely overwhelmed by it, I can't even move. Sometimes it's just a low grade grind, just enough to make me sigh... and sometimes, like I said, I don't feel it at all. Sometimes I feel like goddamn king of the world. But most often its that intermediary despair; more than just the grind, but I can still function. I suppose some of my friends have begun to perk their ears up to it... innocuous questions, "Are you ok?" Ha! Yeah, I'm fan-fucking-tastic. What the hell does it look like? I'm pretty good at hiding my emotions, comes with 19 year's practice. So when something does leak out that shouldn't, I always think I'm glowing red or something, like the whole world can tell. So it's probably a sign if people are approaching me about this...

Hell, while I type this up right now, someone *just* came in my room and asked how I was. Out of the fucking blue... waved her off, of course. I don't think I can bear to talk about all this shit to a real person and not this beautifully anonymous mirror of the web. Maybe I'm a coward in that way. Again, in the spirit of what appears to be a recurring theme, I don't care.

I mean, how can? Where do I even begin? Do I tell them about how someone I knew committed suicide on me a day after I thought I'd talked him out of it? Do I tell them that afterwards, I didn't feel a thing? And even now, only the tiniest twinge? Do I tell them I think I'm crazy? That sometimes I swear I see or hear something I *know* can't be there? It's stupid I know it is... I go on these long walks, and I see things in the darkness. It's human, everyone does it... but I wish I knew if everyone saw it in the same detail... maybe I've just got an over active imagination... I was walking on a bridge the other night, and I swear I saw myself standing on the ledge, wearing all white. And the me that I saw gave me a lazy salute and just fell off. Voluntarily, but he didn't jump, he just let gravity take him... it was eerie as *hell*. Maybe it's all subconscious. I don't know. But it gets to me sometimes, when I can't just brush it off.

So... so yeah. I don't really know what to tell you all, if you are even still listening at this point. I feel like my whole life is crumbling around me, and I feel like I don't even have a 'whole life' to *have* crumble around me. I'm still not all that close to anyone. I don't think I ever will be. I'm still only just hanging on a thread, here and alive for little better reason than I'd rather not be responsible for some poor bastard cleaning up whatever mess I leave when I die. I'm not happy, and I thought I was ok with that. But now I don't know *what* I'm ok with... I'm drowning here, SW, I really am. And I'm not sure I care enough to keep swimming. I haven't eaten in... shit, a day at least. Closer to a day and half. Slept an hour last night. I'm exhausted, but can't sleep... I'd drink it all away, but something is holding me back. I don't know what, maybe deep down that sonofabitch Schopenhaur was right and there is a will to live. Frankly, I don't give a damn.

Feel free to critique me. Honestly! You aren't going to push me over the edge, unlike some people who post here :(. So if you care to comment, tell me what you think. Be honest, I am; reciprocate the courtesy, if you don't mind. Odds are I still won't trust a word any of you say, but... I don't know, maybe this will help. Probably not, but that's better than definitely not. Fuck, I'm rambling now... sorry about that. Anyway, I'm another twenty-something with little hope for the future on a micro or macro level, lost drive, lost desires, lost *everything*. I'm just so tired of it all... sick of preachers, teachers, beachers, leechers...

I feel a bit better just for writing it all down. You guys don't have to comment or even read it all. Just needed to let all that out, or I thought I'd explode. So... so if you did read it, I'm grateful and frankly stunned you could care about it enough to put in the effort. And if you care to comment, no matter what, I'm grateful for that as well. Or those obligatory ~13 upvotes, I understand if you don't know what to say. I don't fucking know what to say, for god's sake.