My storyThis post is just a conglomerate of incoherent rambles. I apologize if it is hard to understand.

I've had these suicidal thoughts for about 6 months now, if not longer. I don't want to jump to the conclusion that I am absolutely depressed because I don't find myself to be one to give a self-diagnosis (or diagnose anyone, for that matter). These thoughts, however, have only come up relatively recently, given that I've been the host of misery for a good number of years. I would console my best friend, who not only had these thoughts as well but an actual diagnosis. One day, during Regents week, for some reason I was filled to the brim with apathy towards living. (I'm not going to go too much in depth with the suicide attempt because if I do people will know it's me). My mother found them in my room and grew concerned. I lied to her and told her everything was hunky dory. I suppressed my thoughts on the whole debacle until I consoled my friend once more in class, confessing that I had actually planned and attempted suicide. I came home, happy to get it off my chest, only to find my parents staring at me. It turns out that either my teacher supposedly heard our conversation (even though I was whispering, really quietly) and told my friend to tell the counselor, or my friend just went ahead himself. My mother was nearly driven to tears, but my father saw it as nothing more than a problem that needed to be fixed. I was obligated to meet the counselor the next day. After a good 45 minutes of telling him what happened, he insisted that I go to the emergency room of a nearby hospital. Either my parents would send me there, or he would call an ambulance herself. So I went to the emergency room, BUT I explained my situation in the most minimalized fashion possible, out of fear that I'd miss two weeks of school being locked up in the crazy house, as my father had told me. I got off scott-free, but mostly because I would miss a week of school anyway since I was going on a family trip. Thankfully, that got the nagging fear of "getting help" off my mind. The funny thing is, I really did was to get help, but I had it planned for the end of the year so it would not interfere with my academics. But I royally fucked this one up. I'm currently in Asia, hence the posting at 10:04 AM. Well, I'm still a high-school freshman, so my story is not over. I'll see where it goes from here.

Thanks for reading, unless you didn't. 