Reaching OutHi folks. 

I've never been formally diagnosed with depression but have been seeing counselors and taking SSRIs per nurse's orders for about two or three years now (first Citalopram and for the last six months or so, Sertraline 100 mg at HS). 

I'm a little over a month from graduating with a BA in Psych and a BA in German, but lately I just feel hopelessly lost. I haven't been sleeping or eating well for a week roughly - not being able to sleep till dawn and then staying in bed all day. Lately I'll eat maybe once in a day if I can manage it.  I have let my schoolwork slip by me and have not been going to class because I've felt guilty about not doing my work and/or struggling in classes, which is a vicious and self repeating cycle.  

I've just been wanting to disappear lately. Not die by any means, but just... not exist, though I have had some intrusive thoughts of suicide. I briefly flirted with self-harm a few times a couple years ago and have had urges to try that again, too. 

Mainly I'm just terrified of failing two of my classes. I have a D in each which is passing, but I'm still terrified of failing one or both and not graduating like I'm hopefully doing next month. My whole family will be here, and I don't know if I could handle the shame. 

I don't really know where to go from here - I feel at this point that my professors would just think that I was making excuses, or try to get the authorities involved, and I definitely don't want that, either. 

Also stressed financially since I'm supposed to be moving into a new place next month and I have nowhere near the amount for the security deposit or first month of rent because of unforeseen expenses with my vehicle. 

Finally, I feel guilty for feeling this way when I've had a good life besides bullying experiences from K-9th and bad relationships, though my current gf is a saint (though she's away on an internship).  I feel like I should be happy or excited since I'm so close to the finish line, but I'm just... not.  


Now I'm just rambling. 

TL;DR: stress levels through the rough when I'm about to graduate and I feel very near the edge lately.  

I just don't know what to do...