I just wanna be ok.So, here I am. Wanting to die like the fucking loser I am. But before I go on, let's start from the beginning.

I am a mistake. A real mistake. My father and mother aren't in my life anymore because of them not being married and my dad cheating on my mom with her friend. I had to go live with my aunt these past 13 years. 

Anyways, I learned what happened pretty recently, and it's all my fault. If I wasn't here, they'd still be together. If I wasn't here, my dad wouldn't have been in some other continent. If I wasn't here, it would be better for everyone.

I haven't gotten any good sleep since I was nine. Only around 3-4 hours. I'm tired. Tired of all this bullshit. Even if I die, no one will miss me. I've been eating up my aunt and uncle's money for shit I don't deserve like a pc and phone, etc. I really don't deserve this shit. Honestly. 

My cousins look up to me, and do you know how I treat them? I treat them like shit. I am the scum of the earth. No lie.  I've "abused" them so much that when I lift my hand up near them, they flinch. THEY EVEN WELCOMED ME INTO THEIR FAMILY FOR GOD'S SAKE! 

I've tried suicide about 2-3 times so far, the most recent one was about 1-2 months ago. It's scary, knowing that there will be immense pain before your death. So, I didn't do it.

What the fuck? Why do I feel this way again? I just want to move away and do it when I can. I'll probably make a makeshift garrote or just plain hang myself. This time, I'm not playing around. This time, I am serious. Insomnia and depression has won this round. Go fuck up some other people's lives after I die.

Every single day is a new hell for me. My head spins and it feels like someone is punching it constantly. My thoughts are another thing too. I've isolated myself from everyone, staying in my room and only coming out if there is food.

Anyways, sorry for all the bullshit I've just spewed. Give me 2-3 more weeks, and it'll be sure that I'm gone from this life. I don't believe in god, so there is a 50/50 chance of me going to hell. Goodbye guys, it's been ok knowing you.