i should probably say goodbye somewhere at leastHi. Heres my story. No one really knows much about me. Honestly, I don’t know why I am like this. I lived an ok life. Nothing really terrible has happened to me. 


I have a dad and three brothers. They care about me a lot. I dont want to disappoint them, but unfortunately I’m just really tired of fighting. I wish I could blame my mother for everything that had happened in my life, but it’s not right. I remember getting yelled at and hit so many times by her. I remember her screaming and telling me I was a disappointment, and that I was never good enough. I remember when I was 5 and she would take various household items and hit my legs. They left lines and lines of bruises. I was just a kid. I couldn’t defend myself. I just wanted to be loved. I just wanted someone to be proud of me. So even though she hit me so much and yelled at me so much, I still loved her. I still did everything to try and make her proud of me. 


I was always considered one of those “smart kids”. I was a pretty happy and nice kid. I spread a lot of positivity, and teachers loved me. I got made fun of a lot by other kids. So I turned to social media for friends. I had plenty of friends on instagram and twitter. I remember every single one of them. We were all suicidal. I was 10 years old, and I was trying to talk people out of killing themselves. Most of them are doing well right now, and the others, I lost contact. 


I guess I was always depressed, but I never really understood it. Things began to crash down in sixth grade. One of my best friends killed himself. I don’t think my mind wants me to remember any of that, because I cant recall much of what happened from then on. Middle school was filled with the same things everyday; crying myself to sleep, crying everyday during school, feeling like a disappointment to everyone, and that voice in my head never disappeared. 


High school rolled around. Last year was the worst. That’s when I truly felt awful. We were dirt poor, my dad had so many surgeries done, and I had to take care of him during the night. My grades were amazing though, we chillin with a 3.9 gpa. I never changed. I still wanted to feel loved and for someone to be proud of me. I exhibited that onto everyone else, I supported my friends through everything- and never stopped until they all left me. Everyone eventually left. Everyone eventually got sick of me. It was kinda like a curse I guess haha. 


Here I am now, sophomore year of high school. The divorce was official this year. We moved into separate houses, and we are even more strict with money. My mom still comes around and visits like she hasnt done anything wrong to us. It’s like the verbal and physical abuse never happened haha. Every single day of this year has felt like hell. I’m really tired of it. What am I even fighting for? Who am I? Why do I think like this? Why do I do the things I do? What even is my name? My brother has lovingly vocalized how I made my dad feel like he failed as a father. I swear I didnt mean to. I didnt mean for any of this to happen. I’ve made a lot of people worry. My intentions were never to hurt anyone. I’ve let all my friends down. I somehow managed to push them all away. Here I am, on a Friday night. Feeling really alone tonight. There are so many things on my mind, and it is difficult to articulate them all. This post is a mess. Its not like anyone will read it anyway. Im sorry. Im sorry I’m like this. Im sorry for dragging on this curse of mine. 


I sincerely hope that I do not wake up tomorrow for the good of everyone around me. Goodbye. 