It's almost as if nothing is real anymore?I'm sorry in advance for all of this, it's a long winded rant for no reason other than me having to get this out, I can't bottle things up anymore - it won't end well.

I can't place how long specifically I've felt like this, all I know is I can't remember not feeling like this at this point.

For the recent years I've constantly felt like nothing in life is actually real, almost as if I'm not even alive. Questioning whether ever action I take is within a dream; but most of all - just when will I wake up?

The majority of my memories of myself are as if they're from the perspective of somebody a couple of meters behind me. It feels just like my memories are those of me watching myself from behind and/or above.

I was always unintentionally tricking my own brain into thinking my internal thoughts were being said out loud, which resulted in these 'arguments' of sorts, sending me into a full blown panic attack. I've never learnt how to cope with this, that's probably my fault. 

I never really knew what this feeling was, I've now learnt that it's disassociation, which I've now learnt has stemmed from my depersonalisation disorder. 

The stress of all of this, and mostly the years of being kept in the dark about this with not knowing what exactly it was, caused me to go into a huge depressive spiral, which has led to the not so recent diagnosis of clinical depression and anxiety. Even knowing what was happening to myself, I never understood why, and still don't. 

In the recent year or two, I've been on and off different medications for it, with none of them actually making a difference, at which point I gave up on them after a year because I'd convinced myself that 'all depression and anxiety medications are placebos'. Which of course, I know is truly incorrect, but I can't stop thinking that. 

All of this piled up on me in year 10 of secondary school, I just lost it, I didn't know what to do at this point. I woke up that morning and instead of feeling anxious and horrible, I felt nothing at all. That's the day I should have died. There was no reason for me to pull through, I'd previously researched the LD50 of codeine specifically so I wouldn't live through it, but somehow I did.

I passed out in a secluded section of the school grounds and woke up what I think was a couple of days later in hospital. At this point I'd forgotten about the concept of time, I couldn't keep track. 

After all of this, being sectioned for suicidal tendencies, getting out, trying to adjust to 'normal life', and the fact that my family pretended that it never happened, and refuse to come to terms with the fact there IS something wrong, and on my first and last time reaching out to them for help, their instant response to it was to just dismiss it.

If I'm honest the only reason I'm writing this, is because for the past few days, I've had that exact same feeling of 'nothingness', and I hope that by writing this, it will somehow help.