Practicing for the endSo I've been practicing hanging myself on a daily basis when my girlfriend isn't home. I've also been constricting rope around my neck to see what it feels like to drift out of conciousness.

For the last year I've been vividly reliving all my worst moments and reacting to those memories with painful emotions. I remember when my father was in a coma and I didn't visit him because I thought he wasn't going to make it. I just couldn't take seeing him like that. He pulled through but I feel awful every day. I remember when I broke up with a girlfriend when I was 16 because she was acting pretty crazy, but her mother was dying. That's just fucking awful.

My life has just been a series of events where I've had the opportunity to be brave but have instead reacted with cowardice.

I realise the irony of contuing the trend of being a coward with existing by taking the "easy way out".

I'm worried I've become too involved in living and that it would definitely hurt many people when I'm gone. I also think it would be for the better.

I struggle with the worst intrusive thoughts and I feel like a terrible human being. I haven't seen my sisters in years and I feel I'm drifiting further from reality everyday. Before lockdown at least I felt human by going to work and pretending to be something. Now I feel like nothing.

There are awful things that happened to my older sister. My family never told me. I found out recently from a family friend. She was drugged and raped by a group of men from my hometown.

Since then I've been revisiting the memories of the past and trying to see them with this new knowledge and it makes things make a lot of sense.

I was always afraid to go to a psychiatrist because I assumed that her change in behaviour was due to the medication she was given. Now it makes sense that she became seemigly hollow and numb as a result of the bad things that happened to her and not the medication.

This gives me hope that perhaps medication can save me. I'm just finding it very hard to make that step. I'm uncertain that I can be fixed.