Hello.I don't want to be dramatic in this post, it's not in my nature. Instead I'm going to talk out my plans, why I feel this way and maybe have someone to talk to about it. I'm not looking to be diagnosed or be a patient to a therapist. But just, talk. 


When I was 10 years old my parents had their third child. I was their first and I am their big brother. They annoyed me and I annoyed them (still do). But they're my siblings and I love them. A few months after my third sibling was born I started having these thoughts. Terrible thoughts of ending my life at this very young age. I had no friends, I had no life, I didn't do well in school and my parents always fought while I took care of my siblings. 


I am 18 now and my parents have long been divorced (my dad literally proposed to his girlfriend just 3 days ago. She said yes) and things are great for them and my siblings. In fact, I have three more little rugrats joining the family as my mom is currently pregnant with her boyfriend's third child. I am still the oldest. 



When I was 10 years old i wanted to die. But I didn't. I stayed alive to protect my siblings. However I said to myself that when I turn 20 on that very day in September when my body turns 20 years old, I will end it all. That is in 2 years and I don't think I can do it. I am not happy with my life, I have a dead end job, I didn't graduate high school, I have "friends" which are more or less just people I hang out with and I have no concept of what my future contains. But I don't want to die. Yet.


I want to end my life on my birthday at 11:30PM on an age that is satisfactory for me. Like 20, 25 or 30. So far 25 seems to be the winning number. But the only thing that could possibly stop me from this is one thing. A girl. 



The brown eyed, black haired girl I met in middle school. She had a huge crush on me and when I asked her to dance at our graduation dance from middle school to high school, she cried. She even said at one point that she would marry me if we could. I was too much in my own head to conceive this. "Hey, a girl ACTUALLY likes me. Cool. I should date her" was my thought process. And while what we did throughout 6 months of high school wasn't as much dating and more of acting like close friends... I loved it. 



But then I ruined my life by breaking up with her. "I just don't like her that way anymore" I said. When really, the drama in my family with my parents divorce and my internal conflict of wanting to die was the answer. 


I want to try again with the brown eyed girl as adults. We still speak on a bi-daily basis and it's to the point where she actually said I'm her best friend. I've dreamed of proposing to her at Disney world after the fireworks have ended and watching her cry as she tried to mutter the words "yes". This is her perfect proposal. A perfect proposal for a perfect wife-to-be. But that is just a fairy tale. The girl ignores me when I try to ask her for coffee or makes up some excuse as to why she can't go. I want to understand and say "well, maybe she's telling the truth" but in reality I know she flat out doesn't want to. 


Well, that's it. I'm resisting the urge to look over and reword the mess I spilled out over my keyboard but these are my naked thoughts. I am most likely going to die in September of 2023. Anyone wanna chat? 