I've turned into such a loser, I have so much hate for myselfI've flunked out of uni, almost flunked out of community college (albeit doing well now), been fired from a fast food job for a drinking problem (I stopped drinking, eventually), lost all passion and motivation for what I used to love, and failed miserably at independent living.

I've scuttled around between living with my parents and both my sisters (I'm back with my parents now, I fucked up too many times with my sisters), but I still have no handle on myself. The one time I tried being an independent adult I managed to lose ALL of my friends - literally none of them talk to me anymore because I either pissed them off or I wasn't able to get back to them consistently enough to be worth their time.

I'm transgender (fucking cliche, right? How many of these do you guys get?) and my parents know, but I'm such a piece of work. Shit-ugly as a boy, nowhere near passable as a girl. Why the fuck should I even bother? I feel worse if I don't, though, which is *really* saying something. Regardless, I can't even take myself seriously, most days I just try to pretend I don't have a gender so I don't have to think about it. My life is too much of a mess to worry about this right now, anyway.

I was smart, funny, musical, fucking *talented*, and full of potential, back in high school - and the stuff I did showed it.  Where the fuck am I now? Im a horrible, horrible, horrible failure. I have no inspiration, unchecked emotions that I don't know what to do with (I just accidentally broke my parents' laptop screen and cried/hyperventilated for twenty minutes about it), and such a difficult climb back up. Even if I can make it, I still have all this shit in my head that gets triggered easily. I remember the bad stuff too well, one trigger leads to a very fast, downward spiral.

I don't like anything about who i've become. Nothing. I don't like the superficial things, the mental things, the emotional things, behavioral, etc. I can't fucking *do anything* anymore. I'm 21 but I feel like my life is over already. Why try? Why even fucking try?

Sorry this is so poorly written, I haven't felt this bad in weeks, my head's not on straight. I also haven't been open with anyone in close to a year so everything's spilling out.