I feel suicidal but from pessimismI am 18 yrs old and have a very tight group of friends consisting of 2 of them. I love history, anime am quite ironic and sarcastic and know that i can be very off-putting to people who don’t know me. I am terrible at reading signs and ever since 2nd grade i used to be bullied. But in 8th grade i managed to get a hold of myself by forcing my mind not to care. It was a great sucess and the bullying stopped. I felt great for the first time in quite a while. But the result was that i now started struggling a lot more to care. I stopped caring about the opinions of others unless they were close to me, i stopped caring about looks and about a lot of things. I like to think that i am pretty good at history and humanities in general. I really enjoy it and managed to pass the AP with a 4.5; i play 2 instruments fairly well and i really really like doing things i like. But i also despise doing those I don’t. And as a result in 10th grade i ended up failing the year and felt horrible, but that was alright i came back from vacation and established a system to get better and focus more. Simply put, i didn’t study at home, because I knew that i got distracted easily and instead went to a nearby cafe to study. And it worked great. I mean the only problem is that i was completely ignoring my dificulty at studying and focusing in tasks when at home. And that’s no problem right? I can always leave! What are the chances of something happening that could force me to stay at home no matter what and have to study in the worst circumstances? Yeah.... i have just recently graduated 11th grade and i am fucking desperate. I have always been quite pessimistic and with my 2 friends graduating, one of which is going to study abroad, the two people i felt like i could be myself with are gone. And ever since the quarantine started i have been doing terribly. I recently watched k-on an anime about cute anime girls playing music. The second season of that show caught me completely off guard, as it was heavily focused on the younger character, Azusa inevitably beeing left behind by her group of friends because she is one year behind them. Ever since i forced myself to stop caring, i have had lots and lots of trouble caring and connecting with fiction, and k-on was the first time in my life i felt a true connection.  And this combined with the fact that i have no idea how to fix the problem of my struggles with focus, the corona virus not seemingly beeing over any time soon, my friends leaving, and the fact that i am such a pessimist have me believe that i have no way of surviving in the future, be it college or work, where the work load is a lot heavier. And i know that i am being biased and the my pessimism is influencing these thoughts but it doesn’t matter. Because i still feel this way. I am now in a point where my life has just been the best ever. And i doubt it will ever reach those same heights again. Since i am about halfway through my vacations i am terrified of starting 12 grade. I barely passed 11th and me and my mom are ways fighting. It’s nothing serious, in fact she is almost always right, and it takes about 30 minutes for both of us to forget about it, but every time this happens i feel pointless and that i should kill myself. Even in incredibly trivial things like doing the dishes, something i have no problem doing. But here is where it gets confusing; i am quite political and my mom is a staunch environmentalists, and so am i. And the more i see the world burning itself up the more i feel pointless. I feel like china will take over everything and trumps presidency feels like a joke and that there is no way to stop us all from beeing taken over. That corporations will destroy the environment. I am brazilian and lived in brazil my whole life and Bolsonaros anti-environmental policies further drive my feeling of desperation and isolation. I want to kill myself not from emotions but from my logic. I feel like logically speaking a person’s death contributes something. I mean how much trash will I produce? It’s better that i die. Combined with the the sense of utter dread i feel torwards the future, i can really see no reason to keep going. But emotionally I don’t want to. I am terrified of dying, but terrified of living. I don’t know what to do. It feels like if any major fight broke out that i would kill myself, which is a very likely thing with tensions building up in my home. Please help. I don’t really have the money for a phychiatrist and hate online classes and sessions and one would likley not help me. I know hiw ling this is and i am sorry i am just so unsure what to do...