Idk if this is the right place for this, but here goes. This is long. Sorry.I don’t know the particular rules around trigger warnings, but this will mention a lotta heavy stuff. Ok?
This is going to be long, but let me give some backstory to explain what’s happening

I was born into a really poor family, my mother being pretty mentally unwell and my father being an addict. For the first 5 years or so of my life my father was very absent, only coming back to steal money and see me occasionally. My mother got less sick after a while and i was very close with her. I didn’t really have a lotta stuff but i was happy and healthy. 
When i was like, 7? I got sexually assaulted by a girl who looked like she was like, maybe 13 or so. I’m a trans woman, so at the time I was “pretending” to be a male, but I already knew something didn’t feel right with that. She didn’t actually full on r//pe me, but she did really scar me for life. Her family ran away I believe, and she never faced legal action. Afterwards, I went to a therapist, and the therapist told me i was essentially predisposed to being a pedophile. Which is really gross. That really fucked me up for a while. A lotta the details of the event are hazy in my mind.

Due to my mother being sick a lot when I was younger and my father being absent, I had a lotta time to study. Up until about 6th grade in school I was considered very smart. Not exactly a genius, but it was really all i had going for me. I was an unathletic very feminine short male identified kid at the time, who had a lotta bad events and was super poor, so I basically held onto being smart and made it my entire personality.
When I was about 8 my baby brother born, he’s autistic. But thats unrelated.

When i was finishing up 6th grade (I’m australian, so this is when i was just finishing primary and going into highschool) my family had to move into the countryside. (I was from the inner city). I came out as trans, my parents took it well. I think. When i went to school, it was a very countryside type of area. I got bullied pretty hard. I had accidentally outed myself and I got my shit kicked in a lot. 
My father was at home decently more, which i was happy with. I never really liked him, but the family had more money. Which was good. After a long time of not going to school and letting my grades slip, i got put into a further away city school, where i had friends. My attendance started to drop there too tho.
My mother and father divorced, which I didn’t care about. They fought so much, and i had hated my dad, so i was happy. But my dad fucked up the money somewhere, and me and my mother had to live in a fucking caravan bus in the middle of nowhere. My mother was usually pretty nice to me, but we weren’t super close, and i was essentially forced into a small area with my mother and a screaming and violent autistic baby. My attendance didn’t improve, and I eventually dropped down to not attending for weeks at a time. This continued on into grade 8. My mother screamed at me a lot, and became really abusive towards me. I’m sorry for using such a heavy word, it still feels weird to call it abuse but i realise now that’s that what it was. We were driving to school i think-? One day, and she was screaming at me as usual, and she totally veered off the road and threatened to crash the car and kill all of us. She was hitting me and verbally abusing me as well. I think a part of my brain shut down, and I essentially went quiet for the rest of the trip. She had dropped me off at school like nothing happened afterwards and gave me a kiss and left. I was totally traumatised after that, and I didn’t speak to anyone for days. When I went out of that state, I acted normal for a while. The screaming continued a lot. Usually in the car. She didn’t threaten to kill us ever again but still pushed me around and berated me. When she’d discovered that my coping mechanism in those situations was to just go silent, she’d make me repeat back what she said so she made sure i knew.
I eventually moved to my dads place after 6 months of no contact. It was ok for a while. He had more money and it was closer to my school, i had my own bed as well. Eventually he got hooked on smth again and let my baby brother go crazy and the house started going unhygienic. So my mother moved in with him to keep control of the situation. They started fighting a lot again so my mother took me and my brother to a shelter. This was towards the middle of 8th grade for me i think. (Keep in mind australian grades are contained entirely within the year, so this would of been in the middle of the year.)
We eventually got a house after searching for a while, which is where we’re living now. I won’t give out my age or details, but we’ve been living in this house for a long time. My mother is no longer abusive, but she expects me to be buddy buddy with her and it’s awful. I’m not gonna be close to her again. After around 5 in depth talks, she finally admitted she abused me. I hardly ever go to school now though. Even before the quarantine, I hadn’t went for a month and a bit. This being stuck inside thing is really hurting tho. Ever since i came out and started making friends online and going to meetups and stuff, I’ve really been a social butterfly, which was the main thing getting me through. We’re super poor now and can’t even afford wifi sometimes. I miss my friends, I can’t see them at all. I just lie in bed all day now.

Ok? So now that I’ve caught whoever is reading this up, I need to explain my situation
Ever since I’ve been failing school and not going, my mental health is awful. I think i relied on the praise from my peers and those around me to keep going. I’ve realised that I’ve got basically no support system now. I can’t see my friends, I’m not getting praised by those around me, and I can’t talk to my family. I don’t feel like I’m going to commit suicide right now right here, I just feel this sense of dread that I’m never going to be able to repair my life. I keep on feeling like I’m never going to be able to come back from all of this. I don’t want to commit suicide, because im afraid to die. But I’m not really living either. I get up, have breakfast, walk around my yard, play video games, try on some clothes or something, play guitar, have dinner, and go back to sleep. I still talk to people online, but most of them aren’t that close to me. It’s not that I’m sad and want to die, it’s that i don’t feel like im alive. I want to keep getting smarter and keep making everyone happy, but it feels like im not affecting anyone. I’m just sick of being abandoned I guess. Dysphoria sucks too, even though I pass. But this isn’t the place for that. I can’t even get therapy now because my therapist is on quarantine. People keep on saying “stuff gets better!” To me, but it doesn’t. It doesn’t really get worse either. Im just constantly deteriorating over time. There’s no purpose to my life. I’m fine if this gets no replies, but i just need somebody to vent to. If anyone sees this at all, it’s enough i guess. Thanks.