story about me and my dadThis is about me and my dad and why he is the reason for my emotional distress, self harming and near depression.

Our first bout was when he took to me to a clinic, to check if I was really his child, which was because I said to him that he ‘wasn’t my dad’ as a joke after I couldn’t play games on his phone, I was about 5 or 6 at the time so this was really nerve-wracking for me and gave me suicidal thoughts because I felt like I didn’t belong anywhere. 
This basically started everything, the negative relationship with his side of the family and our arguments.

I know this isn’t a big deal, but when I was 7, I didn’t get any money when I had done my communion, however my brother did. This will link on later. 

There was a big family argument, my brothers were throwing the ball around and it spilled over his drink into him. He completely lost it. My brother who was 
or 11 I think, at the time got slapped viciously by him, he was crying and my mum and I were trying to pull my dad away from him, but it didn’t work, so I hit him. It was an act of pure desperation so my brother didn’t get hurt anymore. Now, the attention was on me. I don’t get hit but he disowned me and threatened to leave our family. I fainted because of this, I didn’t know what would happen. He eventually stayed.

As he comes from Nigeria, he threatened, our family/our dog (that we had to give away because of him), saying that if our dog ever hurt us, he would chop it up and turn it into soup, because that is apparently a ‘tradition’ there. I got really angry because I was scared of what he could do, so I shouted at him. This was the first time he called up his parents, and made it known that I wasn’t his son, therefore disowning me, for the second time.

After a while, everything started to calm down until January, when again my brother got money and all the attention from our relatives whilst I didn’t. It was on his birthday so I was trying to keep my cool, but it was my birthday merely 10 days before, so I just couldn’t. I felt like I ruined his birthday and that I wasn’t loved, so I began self harming on my thigh, with a razor. He called me stupid for being so dramatic over something so minor, but as I said earlier, it wasn’t the first time this same scenario had happened and I knew there was something going on with him, his family and information about me which caused them to have a hatred for me. 

Now we’re in April and we have had another argument. His behaviour towards my mother has caused me to shout at him. He abused her, threatening her because she didn’t want to be with him anymore after he cheated on her several times. Always, he makes her buy items for our family even though it’s the point where she barely has anything left. Anyways, this is why I shouted at him. He was laughing at me because I was crying, saying that he can’t make her buy everything because it’s not fair. He obviously didn’t take my feelings as valid and it tore a hole inside of me. The sadness turned into anger so I called him selfish, but he used this to victimise himself, saying he doesn’t deserve to be treated like this and that I have no respect for him and that I’m nothing - he also managed to hurt my elbow when done this. It destroyed me. I was only trying to defend my mother and I felt like I did the right thing. So, I began to self harm everyday, but without any scars. 

Today, he just kicked me off the TV without saying why, with a look on his face that scolded me. I asked him why but he just told me to not say anything and to shut up. Again showing how my feelings as invalid for him and I don’t deserve his respect. For an hour, I was sat in my room, cutting myself with a razor. Everything had been building up for so long and I couldn’t take it anymore. I want to die and I’m only 15. I spent hours planning how I could do so and still am. I have been driven to this point starting from when I was only
6, till now. If you have read all the way through this, thank you.