I don't even feel anything. I just feel numbI'm sitting with on a dorm couch with a box of cookies reminding myself it would be stupid to kill myself. But it's so tempting. Oh my god. There's a large bridge just down the road and it's so tempting to walk up there and just jump off and end it. 


I'm trying to imagine my future right now and it seems so uncertain. I might be street homeless in New York in a matter of days, all depending on whether financial aid pulls through or not. I will be alone for the holidays and for New Years, and the entire month of January. I don't have a family--at least, not one that I care for. I no longer talk to my parents, and my father called from a different number today. Honestly, probably part of the reason why I'm feeling the way I'm feeling is because of the two seconds I had to listen to that disgusting man's voice.


I'm doing everything I'm supposed to be doing. I'm connected with two youth shelters. I have a primary care physician. I'm on a waitlist to see a psychiatrist asap. I'm working with financial aid. I'm really, really trying. I've been really, really trying for way too long. I'm growing number and number to a frightening future. I used to fight it with such gusto. And now, it's like...I'm accepting it. It's probably my annual winter depression talking.


I'm not feeding myself. I'm not giving myself enough water. I'm not sleeping enough. I'm not showering enough. I haven't done my laundry. My life feels like too much, so it feels like nothing. I'm doing finals and I'm like, "what's the point? I'll have to drop out soon. I'll be homeless soon. Who has the time to give a shit about GPA or this stupid, irrelevant assignment? I have bigger worries in life than this stupid shit." I need to cough up money I don't have for medication because my doctor is out of the office for the week and I need prior authorization for insurance. Instead of pooling together the money, I don't care. I can't. My brain feels zapped.


Someone tell me this fight is worth it. Please. Because it's really not feeling like it. 