I'm backed up against a wall, suicide is literally the only option, I'm genuinely so afraidI just want someone to see, and understand this, that's all.
Love was the only thing I was here for, it the only thing I wanted, nothing else mattered, turns out love is just a lie, they hurt you, the anxiety and trauma can't let you stop making mistakes. Apparently I destroy everything I touch or love. I don't want anyone else. Don't tell me I'm young and naïve. I know this will never come again. He was perfect to me. There will never be anyone like him. No one could ever live up to him. And I simply don't have the energy to try again because I know it's not worth it. I will always love him, and only him. It's too painful to stay and watch him move on, even though he says he won't, he's happier without me, I never lived up to the other girls, and I will never be able to live with that fact. I will never be able to move on, simply because I don't want to. The future we had planned is crumbling to pieces and there's nothing I can do, no more him, no more morning smiles, never the pure joy of holding him again. I will never be able to feel the pure joy of watching a mini us, half him, half me, running around the house, frolicking with one of our many dogs. Never watch us together as the years go by, travelling the world, building our family, and growing old together. I suppose maybe it's better this way, I wouldn't have been able to handle losing him eventually, I'm glad I'll go first. I'm just scared, I don't want to hurt anyone, or myself, I don't know for sure how to get out, but its the only thing I want other than the impossible dream with him. I should've done better, fixed things even though it was clear he never wanted to. Dragging this on would kill me entually anyways, it's basically incapacitating torture. Thank you for anyone who read and tried to understand, it meant a lot to me. I don't know how to say goodbye, I don't know what to say other than I love you. And I'm sorry.

Lots of love,
N.