I wish I wasn't so afraid (long)25f (pathetic, I know)

I haven't been in this dark a place for a long time. I did something really, really terrible and it's causing a huge rift in the family. The big bomb hasn't even dropped, but I know it'll involve verbal if not physical abuse at the innocent person involved. In normal, functional families this wouldn't be that big a big deal. But knowing I'm going to be the cause of all that pain and hurt to that innocent person who I love and should have protected better, because of something I had no idea was going to blow up... I can't even face them.

I also haven't been to work since April. I was furloughed then, but officially laid off in August and there's no bites on anything I've applied to. Options are dwindling if I don't want a retail job. So I've got that, as well. A lazy piece of shit who ruined the family.

And then I'm trying so hard to impress my best friend who means a lot to me, who I'm really into, but the anti-dating-me signs are bombarding me recently, so that's taking a toll on my self esteem. I wish they'd just say, if they know I'm trying lol. I just wish I could tell them I am in love with them, and apologize for what I'm about to do. Leave a note for my family, apologizing for what I did (not for killing myself) and telling them I love them, and then somehow die.

I have no idea how to. I'm terrified. I'm terrified of if the afterlife I grew up being forced to believe is real (heaven). I'm terrified if I end up in hell. I just want to be in a coma or something. I don't know. I don't even know how I'd do it, and that's really, really tough on me. Because most of me really wants to.

For now, I'm forcing myself to stay awake all night starting last night, stay outside in the cold for as long as possible, and not eat anything. Also taking little sips of gatorade, I don't want to be hospitalized, but I don't want nourishment. I'm just trying to give penance for what I did without killing myself or breaking out my razors yet....

to anyone reading, I'm sorry I'm such a waste but thank you &lt;3