I don’t see the point in living anymore. There’s no hope for me at all.The reason I feel this way is because I’m absolutely sick and tired of waking up everyday to the same crap knowing it’s never going to get better. Some back story:

My moms boyfriend basically ruined both my mom and I’s lives. He’s stolen so much from us and has costed us a good chunk of money just to try to get him out of our lives but it didn’t work. So for an entire year we tried to run away from him and start a new life but it just didn’t work and now we’re left with less money and stuff than we did before. He’s still in our lives and even though my mom kept saying he’s gone for good he’s still here. I’m sick and tired of having him around and my mom constantly lying to me saying everything’s over but it’s not. I wasted the prime of my teenage years dealing with this constant running and moving that I’ve missed out on everything other kids my age are doing. Because I’m constantly moving I ended up becoming homeschooled and as a result I have no friends anywhere. I’m still a minor and can’t even get a drivers license let alone a car so my only choice is to stay home. We have no free money to spend so we can’t go anywhere either. My mom is retired so we only live off of her check. I can’t even get a job. I’m stuck 24/7 at the house wasting away the “best years of my life” and I doubt that’s ever gonna change.

Secondly, I’ve been dealing with suicidal thoughts since I was 7 years old. The only thing that stopped me was knowing how heartbroken my mom would be because we only have each other and I could never leave her. Well now she’s also suicidal and is sure she’ll die in the next two years. She also mentioned that if I die then she wouldn’t be able to handle it and possibly kill herself too. My mom was the only thing keeping me from committing suicide and now if she dies I don’t have a thing left to live for. I have no other family at all so if she dies I’ll just be thrown into foster care. I’m so alone in this world my mom is the only person I live for. And now she hates life and would rather die. I have literally nothing to live for. We can’t even afford therapy. We just barely got insurance but we still can’t go. I’ve been in a mental hospital before but that didn’t help at all. If I ever went to a hospital again I’d just be a burden on my mom. I’m so sick and tired of waking up everyday knowing I’m just gonna go asleep crying. I don’t see a point anymore. I’m so freaking fed up. I don’t even know why I’m writing this. I just want this all to end. It’s not like it’s ever gonna change. I’m seriously thinking about just ending my life. I should’ve just killed myself when I was 7 and wanted to chug pills and die.