Is there anything to live for?It seems like every day I ask myself that question and everyday it's been no.  At home, my parents are constantly fighting; whether its amongst themselves or with me.  And the amount of control they want over me is insane.  I have them added on all social media, I have to ask them before I add someone online, and they have internet go out at 8pm (I'm a senior in High School).  That of course has led to me missing grades because I handed them in online late.  There seems to be no reasoning with them as they shoot me down before I can even make an argument.  

I've got 2 close friends and a couple others that I hang out with during school.  But I'm never really invited to stuff so are they really close friends? I've tried leaving people and looking for people who are actually close to me and give a shit about me, but it's come to no avail.  I've had a couple of relationships, but they both ended in the shittiest way possible.  The first one just kinda ghosted me and ignored me when I confronted them, and then I looked like the asshole.  The other one ended up cheating on me with another girl for half the relationship.  And now I'm being cucked out of one because she still wants the guy who treats her like actual garbage and cheats on her every other day.  No matter how much time I've spent talking with her, trying to help her.  

I recently looked for a group to play a video game competitively and found one.  I was in it for about 2 or 3 months.  A lot of the member grew close.  I had to take a break because I couldn't focus on anything, so I just said I was quitting (There was also a lot of drama happening and I didn't want any of it).  Just look [here] (https://imgur.com/a/zxcu038) Literally everybody ignored my message, but when another person left, it seemed like everybody and their mom had to say something.  It wasn't like they were a top-dog on this team; he just took a break for a month.  Times like these make me question if I even exist.  Or am I just in my own head?

It seems like there is no karma in the world.  I try and be as selfless as I can.  When somebody asks me to do a project for them, or do something for them, I find it hard to say no.  So I get pushed over a lot.  Even if it inconveniences me, I still do it.  Why? Because I believe(d) that if I built up enough of this "karma," I'd get it back one day.  But it seems like I never get any of it back

Sorry for the long post.  I just wanted to vent