Nothing lefthey y’all first post here on my burner account. ah well here it goes. I’m 22, f and I’m pretty done with life. I’m going to kill myself this month. 

1. I had great academic success at the beginning of college, now I’m barely scraping by, I never show up to class and I’m going to fail again. I’ve been at my local community college for 4 years almost. 

2. Unemployed because the psych hospital I used to work at got shut down due to lack of funding. I’m a social major and helping mentally ill people is truly my passion. I love connecting with people and that was taken away from me. 

3. Haven’t been able to find a job. I don’t know what it is but I’ve literally applied to over 200 jobs in the last few months. Nothing. No follow up. No interviews. Etc. 

4. Debt. Who isn’t in debt? Seriously I’m fucked and have so much fucking debt to pay off that I’ll never be able to do. 

5. Dead-end career field... social work, mental health and social services are so disgustingly underfunded I know I’m never going to get a job that makes me happy and pays well. I’m not even trying to be rich. I’m literally just wanting to be able to afford a 2 bedroom house and my bills. 

6. Relationship.. well I’m engaged to my fiancé. We’ve been on and off for 5 years or so (by our own choice) and now we’re moved in and engaged. I feel suffocated. This is the only sex experience with a guy that I’ve had in my life that has been consensual and now I’m wanting to get out and explore and be more open with my sexuality. It feels dead end. 

7. Overweight.. who isn’t overweight? Lol. Yeah I’m a fatass fuck who is too addicted to sugar to diet. I’m at the highest weight in my entire life at 386 lbs. 

8. Job promise that didn’t work out. I applied for a residential care assistant at a mental health facility that deals with women and children that have been affected with addiction. I had an amazing interview, passed my background check and my drug test as well. They said that once I get my case work hours they would start me on full time as a case manager at a good salary. I was so fucking happy!! Then they called me and told me “we found someone else who will work for a dollar less than what you requested”. I was crushed!! I told them that it’s no problem and that I’ll work for $10 an hour instead of $11. Well, nope, the new lady was already starting and got on as a case worker and RCA. fuck me right. 

Basically I plan to kill myself sometime this month. Everything is eating my alive. Medication doesn’t help. Nothing helps. No one. My fucking soul is empty and I feel absolutely nothing. I plan to slit my wrists in the bathroom and bleed out. I’ve struggled for this for so long and I’m done. 

Should I make a will for my loved ones? I don’t have anything super expensive or really valuable but eh, why not? 