My Sister almost died in June - and I almost didn't give a shit Which makes me feel sick. I don't really hate my sister. I don't love her but I don't really love anyone :). In Anycase.. my story..

Sister passes out at my home with family and I am the only one calm enough to call 999 (UK) We didn't know it at the time but she had miscarried

Skipping forward 6 hours later..

This may have been the trigger in that it’s when I found out I wasn’t feeling things I should’ve. When I walked into the ICU after a 4 hour surgery I saw her lying in the bed attached to a dozen machines. She was a completely different colour – she was almost chalk white like a ghost with some yellow in there too. It was almost like she was already dead ever though she was awake and her eyes were moving around (not talking much.) Whenever she would look at me I would automatically start looking concerned and happy that she was ok.. smiling.. being my normal self by taking the mick out of her and calling her a druggy (she kept pressing the morphine drip every 5 seconds!!) but when she would look away I would just go back to normal and my facial expressions would stop.. until she needed me to look concerned again. 

At the time we obviously never knew how close she was to dying. Apparently the surgeon “shat himself” when she came in as he was sure she was going to die – he had never successfully operated on someone who’s haemoglobin count was so low – I checked online and it was then I realise how close it was. Apparently if we were 15minutes late then..  (Haemoglobin level of 2.6 or something like that - she was told she will be in the medical journal! ha)

My sheer lack of emotion at this and matched with my consistent suicidal thoughts and nightmares involving death including me dying over many years are.. I don't know.. starting to get a bit much for me. I seriously fucking hate myself for thinking these things above. I am kinda seeing a counsillor at the moment but am not finding it useful at all and I am not sure what is going on in my stupid head. 