Your typical teenage breakup.I dated my last girlfriend for 2 years. We had our rough times but overall we were fucking perfect for each other. I met her in gym class my senior year, she was extremely shy, extremely fit and extremely cute. After a couple weeks of dming her I finally got her to a point where she had a crush on me. We went to my senior prom, one of my most fond memories in my entire life. We went to her senior prom. She pulled me out of the building early to play the first song we ever kissed to, and we slow danced under the stars. She was so romantic and so thoughtful. She would visit me nearly every day at the grocery store I work at. She was just by definition perfect. I was her literal everything. Because she was shy she didn't have many friends, didn't have many hobbies besides reading and hanging out with me. I loved the attention she gave me, she made me feel important. 4 months ago we took a break because I said something extremely rude to her and I don't know what came over me to say it. The break lasted 4 days, and she was scared that during the break I was going to think "I'm free!" and never look back. After our break we were the strongest we've ever been (at least that's what I thought). We expressed our love with kisses and cuddles and being inseparable every single day. We even took a few vacations just us 2 teenagers. Things were perfect. 6 days ago I was feeling rather glum, we hadn't had sex in awhile and she was dodging the question every time I asked her to move in. (she originally would say how she couldn't wait to marry me and move in with me). She asks me what's wrong and I tell her. No text back for the rest of the night. The next morning she says we need to talk. The talk involved her saying how she had been losing her spark with me and things never felt the same to her since our first break. She said she wanted to be single for awhile, she said she was always so caught up with me that she never could focus on herself and figure out who she is. We break up that day. While she's driving away she texts me saying "I will love you forever." Today I went and talked to her. I started out by trying to win her back, saying we could work things out and how much I still love her. She says she still wants to be single for awhile, and how it wouldn't be fair for her or me to be in a relationship that she's not emotionally attached to. I asked her if she thinks we could make things work down the road and she says "if we're meant to be we will end up together." I lost her guys. The girl of my dreams, literal perfection. Gone. I haven't eaten or slept in over 40 hours and while my mom is at the beach I'm contemplating driving into the garage, turning my car on and just falling asleep. I feel so fucking lonely and useless and all I can think about is her.