Not exactly sure how to feelWell before I start off you should know I just stepped into the shower with a 40 ozer of vodka and stepped out with less than half of it. Took a few tries to figure out a new throwaway that wasn't already taken.

So, where do I begin? For the... Third time if I recall correctly, I'm homeless again. I live in a shelter for homeless youth, and was diagnosed with clinical depression a little over 5 years ago, though I knew I'd had it for longer since it was a recurring theme in my family tree.

I'd been scamming (since there's hardly a better word for it) social assistance for a little bit because I was illegally evicted from my last apartment after an argument with my landlords wife which prompted her to say I'd threatened her (a complete fabrication on her part) and ordered her husband to change my locks after I'd gone out to cool off. I never reported to SA that I'd been evicted so they continued to pour my 600 bucks a month into my bank account.

They caught up with me the other day. They aren't happy. I could face fraud charges and jail time. As soon as they called me to 'talk' (threaten me) about it, I panicked, and ran to the bank to empty out the most recent deposit they'd made before they could take it back. I am sitting on about 400 dollars of ill received money, and I fear it will be the last I ever see, and that's even before I take into account what they're going to do once they find out I yanked it out from under their noses. Due to any number of issues, both my own and those beyond my control, I've never held down a job for more than a year. To be quite frank, I'm scared.

Suicidal thoughts are nothing new to me, I've had recurring plans since I was 10 years younger, and even earlier. I told myself I wouldn't turn to alcohol for comfort but well here I am, and here I am making a new throwaway because I find it slightly distracting to put the chaos in my head to page and word. I thought I could ride out my depression, and as always something like this comes along to make me doubt that.

I don't even know what I'm doing posting here truth be told. I subscribe to /r/depression most of the time and I've never even made a post there. I'm here now though for whatever it's worth. The shame of planning to off myself would be nothing compared to having to admit it to my girlfriend, whom I'm thankful doesn't read this subreddit because she'd know it was me if she read this.

At this point I kind of feel like I'm ranting and I'm having to correct far more errors than I'd like to. I don't feel like I've got any direction right now. I have no (positive or constructive) plans. It's like the only thing I can concentrate on is how nice it would be to eat a .44 and be done with it. I have too many responsibilities to my loved ones to do that though. I wish I could be stronger for them but I wouldn't know the first thing.

I still don't know what I hope to accomplish here.