There's just nothing leftI feel like I've failed at every turn and opportunity to have a great, happy life and I'm only a few years out of high school. Growing up everyone always said I was smart, funny, attractive, nice, etc. But I've never FELT any of that. I tried all kinds of sports and had mediocre success, but that was it and I quit on that. Everyone had such high hopes for me and thought I was going to accomplish great things, but as I grew older I just became more and more of a disappointment. My grades were never good enough for my parents, and slowly nothing was good enough for anyone and that "incredible potential" that everyone used to see just turned into a massive burden. The pressure of letting everyone down got to be too much and I started cutting when I was 14. A while later though I met someone who lit up my world and made everything better. She made feel like it was okay to be me, just how I was. That I didn't need to be amazing, rather that I was amazing just how I was. We started dating, fell in love and I was truly happy. I really was. We dated for a few years, graduated together (her at the top of the class and me barely scraping through). We made a plan for her to go to a university a few hours away, and I would get a well paying job at the local factory. Then in a year, I would move to the city to be with her and we'd start our lives together. That's when everything started going downhill again. My shifts are long, 12 hours of graveyard that leave me drained to the point that it's not even funny. We made it work the first few months, seeing each other for a few days every few weeks. But with her studying such an intense course, and myself either working or sleeping all the time, things started to drift apart and get tense. I did everything I could to make it work, using my limited sick days to be with her when I could and saving my money. I didn't want to see it then, but there were already signs showing that our relationship was fractured. Things got bad, and even though I always did everything in my power to be with her, a few months into this year she broke up with me. I was devastated obviously, but it only got worse from there. Another few months passed and I unearthed that she'd been cheating  on me with my best friend for months before our breakup, really the only friend I had left. If my job ruined my most important relationship, you can imagine what happened to all my other friendships from high school. It's been nearly a year now since we broke up and i can't help but think "Why am I still here? What's the point?" I'm just holding onto this pathetic failed existence for absolutely no reason. I'm just going through the motions, enduring this pain when there's no light at the end of the tunnel, no promise of a better future, nothing. I'm not afraid to die, so why don't I just do it? There's no one left who wouldn't get over my death  in a few short months, so why even bother with this anymore? I had all the advantages that people could want, and I still managed to fuck everything up. The only times now that I don't think of putting a bullet in my head is when I'm belligerently drunk and can't remember my own name. I realize that I'm rambling, and to be honest I'm not even sure why I'm posting this, but there it is. 