Give me a reason not to do itI just want a reason. One reason not to do it. 

I have no friends, literally none. I’m 13, I’m almost 2 years younger than everyone in my grade. Im so ashamed of my age that I never admit it on the internet, I never admit it to other people, I don’t even like telling my therapist about it. 

My former best friend tried to kill himself. That got blamed on me. Someone told everyone that I made him do it. And they believed him. Even though he was my best and only friend. This kid sent me 5 pages worth of death threats, taking pictures of knives and describing how he was going to kill me. Asking me if I wanted to die fast or slow. I took screenshots because I thought it was kind of funny. I sent it to a friend and they called the police. When i told my parents that my friend had done that they absolutely lost it. It made me want to die even more. After being caught with a knife at school on 2 different occasions, being caught with his juul, and plenty of other stuff, he got 2 days in school suspension total. 

I overdosed 3 times over the summer. I read stuff on the internet, and it feels like everyone thinks that people my age don’t have real problems, and maybe I don’t. But it sure feels like it. 2 months before school ended I grabbed a full bottle of benadryl(365 pills) and took them all on the bus(i was the first bus stop so I was alone on the bus) and collapsed in my first period, going into violent convulsions according to the doctor. I was in a coma for 5 days, everyone knew to some point that I had overdosed. But when I got out of the phsych ward 2 weeks later, what happened? Well I wasn’t allowed to go back to school yet because I needed to do outpatient treatment, but my phone. I didn’t have a single message. A single snapchat alert. A single DM. The people who i thought were my friends.... nothing, not even a text asking where I was. 

The same night I got out I took 1,800ish MG of ibreprofin. I knew it wasn’t something that you could really OD on, but I hoped it would kill me in my sleep. It didn’t. 

Month later I’m out of the phsych ward again. I started cutting for the first real time. I was cutting all the visible veins on my hands. I don’t know why. I didn’t like the pain. Maybe I saw it as a way to show my mental pain in the physical realm. But my mom found out what I was doing and back I went.

About another month passes, and I went to a CVS next to my house and bought $100 worth of different pills I thought would kill me. I went into the woods about a mile from my house, it’s not real woods but it’s a little 200 square yard patch of semi dense trees, and took every pill I could. But I failed again. Because I forgot that my phone had a location thing on it that my parents can find. But the thing I remember most is trying to adjust the volume on my earbuds. It was so hard, my hands felt like concrete blocks, my mouth was dryer than a desert, my lips felt like they were swelled up to the size of grapefruits. Yet I could think perfectly fine. I remember hearing voices, it sounded like a teenage guy and girl, laughing at me, calling me a loser. I was thinking clearly enough to know I was hallucinating, and I didn’t even hear them say it, but I felt them say it, I felt them say it. 

But now I’ve been out of the mental hospital thing for about 3 months I think, maybe only 2. I’ve never stopped wanting to do it again. But i dont want to mess up this time, that’s the only reason I haven’t done it yet. But I don’t have a reason anymore. I sit in the office at lunch, because i dont have a single person I can sit by at lunch. I am the person who is the extra person when teachers have people get in groups, and I’m the person who people groan at when said teacher tells me to join their group. My dad thinks I’m worthless, my brother thinks I’m a loser. I have 2 pet rats, and I am so pathetic that when they don’t want to play it makes me feel like I drove them away too. That’s how fucking lonely and pathetic and mental I am. So tell me, why, why should I not kill myself. 

Honestly, give me a reason.
Don’t give me that shit how I’m too young to die.
How things get better.
How highschool is tough but you get used to it.
Or any bullshit about the future.
I want a reason for the NOW.
Because nobody seems to be able to find me a reason to live now. Including myself.
