What if I don't care that they care for me?"I care about you! You matter! You're loved! I love you!"

It's so condescending. Do you think the suicidal person is stupid, or insane? Do you think they don't have eyes or ears? They're not preschool toys, Slinky. They can read.

I grew up spoiled. I have a wonderful family. My friends are caring. I have a decent idea of how much damage my committing suicide would cause. I'm going to admit it: I don't care. If I killed myself, I'd be too busy being dead for any of that to concern me.

It can't just be me, right? There's no way every single person who's ever killed themselves was the tragic soul who just couldn't see his or her family's love through the agony.

It wasn't always like this. I used to be able to feel empathy. I'd say that burnt out a couple years ago. I try to tell them--sometimes to entertain myself, and other times to make myself feel like garbage by surrounding myself with people who know the truth about me. It's a real spectacle how far people will go to make excuses for you. "Oh, but you still care about what people think! So, you must have empathy!" 

Everybody cares about what other people think. That doesn't mean that they care about other people. I care about what other people think because what they think either conveniences or inconveniences me. For example, you can't let your parents know that you're disintegrating, or they'll take you to a hospital or try to help you--and you'll miss a lecture, or fail out of school, or become even more of a loser, and then you'll really want to kill yourself.

It's like if you're dating somebody, and they literally tell you--even in jest--that they're crazy. Why do you date them, you dummy? Why are you so surprised when they turn out to be a lunatic? Here I am, I'll say, "Guys, I'm not doing so hot--I'd certainly never harm anybody for fear of the consequences, but I certainly wouldn't feel one way or the other if they got hit by a train!" and they just won't believe it. Do they think I'm lying? I know I'm sick. I'm just not sick in the pretty, romantic way, so people just won't register it. Just because I'm still polite and treat you like a human doesn't mean that I'm not undead--all of this is just conditioning and making things convenient for myself by acting civil--the altruism itself is totally absent.

And just because I feel no empathy, doesn't mean I'm not a selfish piece of trash that needs to be shot. I care about myself just fine. In fact, I'm so stressed out, so empty, so reduced to rotten mammalian instinct, that I'm all I have the capacity to care about right now. These super sweet messages disturb me, because they're reminders of just how broken and vicious I am. I'm expected to care about these people caring. I hate that. I hate being reminded of that abnormality--not being depressed the correct way. It's like some blemishes--some dust, some scar tissue--nobody wants to see that shit; nobody's gonna buy bruised fruit. Just chuck me in the trash compactor. Burn the whole thing down. The species hates imperfection; that's all they bitch about all day. All day. I'm just trying to conform and failing. They think I should be crying, but I'm unimaginably angry at myself.