06/15/2019 | 7/7/19 | 2020.. .----. --

On June 15, 2020; or at least around that time frame, I will kill myself. I’m not looking to be convinced otherwise nor am I looking for help. I can’t be helped; it’s too late to save me. So, Why this date? Because on June 15, 2019; I betrayed and lied to my best friend. A person who I thought the world of and would do anything for. I saw them beyond just a friend. But family, and so did she. I’ve never felt such genuine love or a genuine sense of bond. And I betrayed her and *I did so willingly* ... --- .-. .-. -.--

I made a mistake; but one that could’ve been fixed. One that could’ve been forgiven. But instead of admitting what I did, I lied. Not once, Not twice. But several times, and I kept digging a hole that would eventually be too deep to climb out of. Worse still, I dragged others into it. All the while, she kept trying, she kept tying to get me to tell the truth. She wanted the truth, she wanted to help. She didn’t want to give up on me, but at every instance; I gave her no fucking choice          .

I’m fucked up, completely broken. I’m irredeemable, all the self-harm I ever did, the cutting, the smoking, the drinking, the fucking overdoses.. Nothing will compare to the self-harm I did by lying and betraying her, purposely cutting her out of my life. I just push people away, because I hate myself and I believe that I deserve that isolation. My depression has corrupted me so bad that everything I do is in service to the plan. But I’m at a weird place in my life, where I finally realize that it’s this illness that is forcing me; corrupting me to do this but I’m so far gone that I can’t do anything to stop it. 

And I’m so filled with regret, and remorse that I’m finally done. If my depression wants to kill me so fucking bad, so be it. But this time, no pussyfooting around it. It’s time to do it right. I’ve been doing research on overdosing, understanding the chemical intricacies and how best to go about it. And I won’t go into deep details because that breaks Rule 1.b – and while I want to kill myself, I don’t want to provide anyone with information, I don’t want to be the reason someone else kills themselves. 

And it takes time to stockpile without getting noticed. 

Depression is a disease, a corrosive illness. Like cancer, it eats you from the inside out. But unlike cancer; *it corrupts you.* If left unabated; it will slowly consume your thoughts and turn you into something you think you’re not. 

You’ll subconsciously and without really realizing push people away. You’ll hurt them, and in turn hurt yourself. All for one fucking purpose; to finally isolate yourself enough that you’ll finally cave in and kill yourself. That’s where I find myself. At the point where I can see how all of this works but be so fucking broken and corrupted that I can’t leave this place. To know that the only reason you’re suicidal is because of this illness but also being unable to fucking fight because it’s too late; It’s like knowing you’re being brainwashed but you’re too far gone to do anything about it 

&gt;You hurt someone, You betray someone, You're not you anymore. It's the illness, you tell yourself. You'll think it's the illness corrupting you, changing you. But then you wake up the next morning and you're still you. You realize, it was you all along. You just didn't know.  


Come June 2020; I will probably make an updated post. More details and less vague bullshit. Just for now, I’d like to write why I’m planning to do kill myself. Maybe someone out there will relate and maybe it won’t be too late for them as it is for me. 

Does anything I’ve written make any sense? Probably not, I’ve written too many drafts for this. Nothing makes any sense. Either way, doesn't really matter..