Another cliche title about how life is meaningless and I want to dieI have a history of family abuse. Grew up feeling alone, unloved, unwanted. Fell in love thrice, had two failed relationships and am struggling to make the last one work. I'm working on a stupid job I don't care about because I want to make enough money to live on my own (I can't bear to be around my family). I have no purpose in life. I have been struggling to make progress in therapy for over a year and I still have suicidal thoughts from time to time. I still have severe trust issues. I still feel so anxious I want to disappear sometimes. My body aches and my mind is blank for five to six hours every day. I struggle to vocalise my feelings or to process my trauma. My partner isn't as communicative as I would like so I end up projecting my worst fears and insecurities onto her and wondering if she loves me or is just using me. I got into Uni of London after struggling to write a good personal statement and getting references; it was a big achievement because it was the first time in my life that I accomplished something so significant ALL BY MYSELF; then this stupid lockdown happened and I don't even know when I can leave this house. 

I see normal people and sometimes I feel so much anger and bitterness that I wish they could feel some of it - just so that they could understand how I feel. I am back to Googling 'how to commit suicide painlessly' and fantasising about jumping off the terrace/stabbing myself to pieces with the kitchen knife. My flatmate knows and cares so I don't think he'll just stand by while I try to die, but honestly, I wish I could just die peacefully in my sleep and not wake up. 

I don't want to just 'live with' my anxiety and depression. I don't want to spend the rest of my life 'coping' and 'accepting' my pain. I want to fucking *live.* I don't want to be trapped in a cycle of attending therapy, taking meds, journaling and shit like that. I want to be *normal.* I want to *cure* this. If I can't, I want to just end it. I know some people will feel awful if I die and I know some will call me selfish but well fuck that. I'm not going to spend any more decades in pain just to avoid hurting others. If I die, I won't have to see the people who grieve, right? I know I sound horribly selfish but I don't know what else I can do.

I don't expect anyone to respond to this. People ignore most of the posts I make on Reddit. Like they do in real life. If you actually read this, thank you. I may be a miserable suicidal stranger, but I think you're a good person, if it means anything.