I’m just hopeless, and suicide is the only solution to end my suffering.I’ve been extremely suicidal on and off for a pretty long time now. I’ve been depressed for around 6 years. 

I’ve made a few failed attempts.

I don’t want to live anymore. The fear of not knowing exactly what will happen once I finally end my life is something I worry about. It won’t hold me back from doing it when I’ve finally had enough, but it’s something I’m constantly thinking about. Death seems peaceful, and I’m constantly wondering what it would be like to finally end the sadness and end the ability to feel pain. Death seems desirable in that aspect. 

I worry about my family and friends. How they’ll feel, but hurting them isn’t enough to stay alive. They’d be sad once I finally do it, but at the same time, they weren’t there to support me when they knew how bad I was struggling. Maybe they’ll say I was selfish to end my life, but they were selfish by not supporting me when all I needed was support and love. They’ll be okay. Life isn’t worth living if you’re not living for yourself. I’m not living for myself. 

Trust me, I didn’t want to go down this path. I tried getting help for my depression. I tried everything I could. Many things helped temporarily, but in the end I’m still finding myself in this hole that I can’t get out of. I’m still completely miserable. My friends and family don’t care enough to be there for me. I’m hopeless. This has been going on for far too long. I don’t know how much longer I can take this until I just go through with my plan. 

Last night my boyfriend and I got into it, and I spent the night crying, as usual. I always cry at night, and it’s not usually about him, but he made me feel particularly unloved and uncared for last night. He knows my depression. He’s been around to see my dark sides. When I feel hopeless, suicidal, sad, he doesn’t really know how to support me in the right way. I already wanted to end my life because of all the pain I feel on a daily basis, but maybe last night pushed me closer towards being ready to do it. 

My entire mentality lately is that we all die in the end. I’ve been suffering for a long time, and nothing has gotten better. Nothing worked. I don’t understand the point in living when all I do is feel pain and suffer, just to die in the end. Why not just skip to the part where I die, instead of going through a life of suffering. 

I’m completely hopeless. 

I can’t find one reason why I should live, and that says a lot. 

I have a million reasons to end my life. 

I just can’t take this anymore.