I have been thinking about it for about 3 weeks.I have put heavy thought in to suicide. I don't see why not. I don't see myself doing it tonight or anything, so this isn't a pressing matter. I'm just wondering, "why not?" I've been in a management position for 16 years, for a few different companies. I have been diagnosed a sociopath by several people, doctors, and psychologists. I'm tired of being misinterpreted by the people I'm (somewhat) close to. It's very frustrating. If I ask a question, people think I'm sarcastic. If I make a statement, I'm being an asshole. When people try to "help" me not be "that way" they make no sense, or are so ignorant  (I mean not educated) I can't take them seriously and give their input no credit. I currently manage an auto repair shop. I'm the only person other than the district manager to make the shop profitable. My coworkers are great at what they do, but are ignorant (again, I mean unlearned), and do not understand logic (again side from mechanical), and have such circular reasoning they are infallible in their minds, I must be an idiot when I reason with them. This is how it has always been, either with family, friends, or otherwise. 

I'm tired. I don't want this. This is who I am though, and I have no desire to change. I am very stubborn when I know I'm right, and have no problem "cutting off my nose to spite my face." This has cost me many friendships, and jobs. I have no problem getting employment, and could not care less about friends. 

Money has never been an issue, in fact I hate having money. Money alone makes people view me differently, no matter how I try to hide it. My current employees/coworkers know my financial situation, unfortunately, and I am sure I am judged by that alone, on some degree.

I'm tired. I don't see what would be so terrible about euthanasia if it is what I want.

Anyways, I'm on mobile, so I spent more time than I meant writing this.

Don't upvote, or do, I don't care, it doesn't matter.

I'll keep posting until I make up my mind on what to do. I've been on reddit for years, but made an account for this sub.

Context: no wife, no kids, but terrible/not-terrible parents are still alive. I have a dog that doesn't get me, but loves me as a simple minded beast would. I love my dog, but it's still a simple creature, and would be cared for if the worst were to happen to me. Two houses, four cars, great paying job... so what. It's not everything. I'd give it all away for a little more, or to be something else.

Username relevant.