I can't take much more, please help meFor starters, i'm a 15 year old guy and i can't cope with my depression much longer without losing it. I've only been like this since July of last year, but it worsened very quickly. I hate myself and every aspect of my life. I can't stand to be around anyone i know anymore, but i've gotten used to pretending to be fine just enough to be believable. I stopped cutting a month ago because it was too much of a struggle to hide. Nothing that I used to use to cope with it seems to work as well as it did. I used to drown out my thoughts by playing guitar, but that lost effect. Even with music being the thing i've looked to my entire life, that barely helps anymore. I regret almost anything i do even if there's nothing wrong with it. I used to be an A/B student, but now i'm failing one class and barely passing some. Sometimes i'll just sit in my bed hoping pandora will play something to fit my mood while i think of things like how i could kill myself, or what songs i want played at my funeral, or even how people would react when they found out i was dead. I hate just so much as listening to people talk and laugh. And to top this all off i became extremely avoidant to the point where i mostly only talk to my parents because it's mandatory. I don't know anyone that i trust anymore. I know you're going to tell me tell my parents (they don't know, but are suspicious) but i can't do that. Trust me i've tried. I secretly have an unexplainable hatred toward my few friends so they're out of the picture. And i tried my youth pastor, that wasn't even worth my time. I don't like talking to any of the rest of my family either, and there is no way in hell i would ever talk to someone at school. I go to one of those "suck it up and go on with your life" schools. That and i have i have a strong hateed toward all of the teachers and the place itself. So in a nutshell, i have nobody to turn to, but i know i need to be on some kind of medication or at the most even in a hospital because i feel like that would comfort me somehow. I know this is long enough already, but there is a backstory to all of this. Last july i went on a trip with some people from my church to kentucky. I was never "mr religious" but i was basically forced to go. Back then i enjoyed life. Everything was fine back then. Skip foward some, a girl i sort of knew went, but at the time that didn't mean anything to me. Throuhout the week i slowly and quietly got to know her, all without ever saying anything to her. By the end of the week i didn't feel very well and i could tell my mind wanted something to do with her. But this is where it all went downhill. My naive self knew what infatuation felt like, this wasn't that. I didn't care what she looked like, i loved her. I started talking less and less and shying away whenever i could. On the way home i just felt wrong the whole time and could barely keep from crying at times. At home nothing felt the same. For the following months i just got deeper and deeper into this emotional abyss. Nothing except for her could or can please me almost at all. When i had my wisdom teeth removed they gave me oxycodone. I used that to forget about things for a while, but around my birthday in september i hit a breaking point and took what was left of those pills and i could feel my life slipping. I apparently passed out, but no one knew. I was surprised i survived. It worsened in december when i went to some concerts in tennesee, because she was on that trip. I've attempted suicide once more since then but i didn't even get close that time. For a while when things would get frustrating i would just pop about 20 ibueprofen, i still haven't had a problem from that. Now the only thing that's changed is my hatred toward most people. I hate social settings and even talking to a small group. I barely sleep at night because my mind is racing. And all i think about a lot of the time is how she'll never love me because i'm ugly and to self-centered and just not good enough for her or anyone. I hate myself and i don't know how much more i can take before i snap. There are only two true cures: her or death.