I think I just threatened suicide. Help?So, I'm a kid who's been failing school for a while now. I failed all of this year (senior year). I'm in running start, which is a program that lets high school students go to college for credit towards a diploma as well as an associates.

But even though I failed all of this year, I should still be fine. There's a program here that allows me to get a HS diploma when I get an associates from any local community college, meaning I really lose no utility if I fail HS as I can still get a diploma.

Anyways, my parents are quite fursturated at me. My mom has been tracking my classes, and I'm on track to pass them all. She's been threatening me with kicking me out of the house, and I have nothing. No car, nothing. I'm quite a pessimist, being an anti-natalist and IMO, the lives of many, possibly most, people in our society are simply not worth living. I think suicide is perfectly possible to justify rationally, and that rational people do occasionally commit suicide (although clearly it is most comonly done out of emotional outrage, and with little rational thought as to whether one's life is in fact not worth living). So, if my parents kick me out, it seems to me that the probability of there more positive experiences than negative ones in my life is extremely low, as I will be homeless with nothing. So, I think if I were to become homeless, I should just kill myself and get it over with.

So, after a recent talk with my mom, where she got upset that I am turning an essay late (I can turn it in one day late for only a 10% penalty), she once again threatened me with homelessness (she is veeery controlling for fear that I am going to fail again. She demands to see my grades twice a week. She's not legally entitled to see my grades and upcoming assignments w/out my consent, but she pretty much forces me to show her). I lost control, and said my life is hardly worth living, and maybe I should just blow my brains out. The implication being if she were to kick me out, I'm going to kill myself, which is probably the case.

I'm honestly not sure what my motives were here. Was I trying to manipulate them? Am I really going to kill myself? It felt as if I just got incredibly frusturated and exploded. AITA? I don't want to traumatize the rest of my family, making them think I'm blackmailing them.