I just want to dieWelp, I originally was gonna do this anonymously but if you look at my profile and see my comments, you can see that I have issues. Anyhow, I just really don’t know what to do anymore. I should be happy. I have friends, a family, and everything that a high schooler should need. Except the ability to talk to my parents about things that’s out of the question. Thing is, I never feel good enough. I was also like this last year, and I cut way more back then. I’ve cut once this year, but I don’t know if it’ll stay that way. 

Most of the time, my friends make me feel worse. They offer me advice, and try to help me. I don’t generally end up taking the advice or something along those lines and then they get annoyed at me. It leads to me getting lectured, and makes me feel worse. They tell me how I need to stop saying depressing rants so much. They tell me to stop being so sensitive, and to stop texting people so much. The fact is, they’re not wrong. That’s what hurts the most. It just feels like they’re getting mad at me for not being better yet, and that I need to pretend to be ok. 

Sometimes, I can smile, and I’m happy. Other times, I get utterly crushed and wonder why I’m even here. Friends try to say how important I am, how much they’d miss me and how I don’t deserve to die. But it never sticks. I never believe them. I can’t believe them. That’s dangerous. I trust people too easily, meaning I can easily get attached to someone and be utterly broken when things go wrong or I get rejected. Most of the time, I’d probably seem okayish to an outsider. Truth is, I’ll make a lot of jokes about how I want to die, and say mood when my friends say depressing shit. They immediately get mad at me, telling me I can’t say that. I honestly don’t really feel like I have anyone to go to, too worried that I’ll ruin relationships if I’m open. It wouldn’t be the first time I’ve done that. It’s probably why I lost my best friend recently. He ended the friendship, and it’s probably all my fault. 

I can’t talk to my friends, most of them don’t understand and they make me feel worse. Some I wouldn’t mind talking to, but they never respond since they never use their phones or are busy. I just wish I felt like I deserve to live. But I don’t and I doubt I ever will. I’m also very emotional, which my friends and mom make sure I remember. I apologize all the time, and I always feel bad when I cry and when I ramble about my problems. So many people have it so much worse than me and here I am, complaining how I want to die. My parents also make me feel worse, adding to my sadness and saying bs that doesn’t help. 

I want to reach out, I want help, but I feel like I’ve reached out too much. I go see the social worker at school and I’m gonna get a therapist probably but still. I just don’t know what to do since I’ve had this horrible mindset for so long and using self help books doesn’t really do anything. Sometimes it feels like it can help, but I don’t have enough motivation to look at it often enough for that to matter. I have a decent amount of friends, but I don’t really feel close to any of them. I just feel like I’m bothering people with my problems and I don’t wanna be such an idiot. I want to hang out with people and feel like I’m normal and not the one who’s excluded from everything. I want to be invited to things, and feel included. I’m not friends with most of my classmates, and it’s probably gonna stay that way. 

I just wanna feel ok. But that feels like a distant dream rather than a possible reality. I’ve exhausted my sources, and people are getting tired of dealing with me. Everyone will eventually abandon me, and I’ll be left alone. It’ll be all my fault, and I won’t be able to do anything about it. I’ll just cry, and wish I could be anyone else, a better person. I’ll cut myself as punishment, and wish for the sweet release of death. Unfortunately, I don’t have access to anything to kill my self with so I can’t actually go through with anything but I want to do it so bad. I feel like a horrible daughter, a horrible friend, a horrible person. My mental state is utterly fucked, and I don’t know what to do. 

I guess this is a cry for help, but that’s cause I’m pathetic and can’t manage on my own. I cry out for help too much, and people stop caring. It makes sense, but it’s not like I’m faking anything. I’ll just not tell my friends at school what happened over the weekend, and shut myself off from them. I can at least do that. And for anyone that actually bothered to read this, I’m sorry. I’m sorry you had to read all this bullshit and hear about all my problems. I’m sorry for wasting your time. No one is probably gonna read this, but this feels like my last chance to reach out before I just wait for it to be really late and go cut. I just hope that I can lose my emotions, and stop caring, cause I’ll cry my eyes out at how horrible I feel like I am and people will try to support me and I still don’t understand. I don’t feel like I ever will. I wanna say please help, but that makes me sound even more pathetic. I’ll just end this by saying I’m sorry I was never good enough, I’m sorry I couldn’t believe everyone’s kind words. I just don’t deserve the kindness you sometimes give me, and I know it’s my fault that I feel this way, and that this is the reason all my relationships fail and I get abandoned by my friends.