Going to loose my job since sales are too low, starting to resent my boyfriend but don't have the money to move out or break up with him...I'm so sick of it. I mean, my boyfriend says he loves me all the time, and I try to be supportive as much as I can to him, but he won't open up and talk about work etc... so I can't really help much.

I talk to him how much I have trouble seeing positives, and after 3 years I can tell it's getting to him and he doesn't have the energy anymore to support me.

He's a chef and works in stressful situations and long hours and it's hard for him to be emotional or romantic. I talk to him and he says he's just under a lot of pressure, yet makes an effort when I talk to him about it, but afterwards it's the same. We haven't had sex for over a month and we are bot in our 20's. He goes out to meet friends on his day off, and otherwise it's us eating out for dinner but nothing much else.

I know I need to break up with him for the both of us, because I do care about him and he does care for me, but there's just something missing, the emotional connection.

Also, I started a job as a sales person last week, I like it but there is so much pressure getting sales and right now they look so bad I can tell everyone is concerned for me.
I can't change jobs again, I was jobless for 8 months straight and people looked down upon me even family even though I was applying every day. I try so hard with this job, coming in early and cleaning and asking questions, but I have a feeling I won't keep it if my sales are still so low.  It's selling headphones and speakers to people, and I already have trouble making friends let alone convincing people to buy certain things.

I had enough and really want to do it today, to take my life since I can't stand it anymore and have another horrid week ahead of me with this, and I can't talk to anyone because I have no money or friends who understand.

If I would at least have more security with this job I would hold on till I had enough money to move out, but it looks very bleak for my future and I don't think I can hold on anymore...