I'm losing all reasons to keep goingI'm not sure how to explain this feeling of dread, dead motionless emotion. Pain eventually numbed my senses to the point that I don't feel much physically and mentally. My mind is getting fuzzy, it doesn't make any sense anymore.


I was an only child, born into a broken family. Mum was caught cheating while she was pregnant with me. Parents fought in court after birth. Dad won custody and raised me the best he could. Dad side of the family viewed me like a black sheep. A child whom could be anyone's son that mum slept with. This sparked my brutal experience with child abuse. I moved from house to house under different carers so dad can focus at work. It was went i ended up in my dad's elder sister's household where i had my abuse. Crying about it to my dad didn't help since it was my words against "trusted" adults. It got bad enough that he had to put me alone at his home when i was 5, he had enough of the moving &amp; paying for my care. All alone with a TV and toys to fill my time was how i grew up during my childhood. I never really blame him for how i was raised, not that i was complaining much apart from being lonely. He fed me well, kept me comfortable, never lift a finger on me, just verbal punishments &amp; the rare outburst of anger by throwing things against the wall.


I tried to make friends at school, some whom i still kept in contact today. But there is this void that I kept feeling inside, like I was missing a few pieces within me. Enough to be content but never satisfied. I started getting involved with the opposite sex at an early age, and realized that i was yearning for their warmth. Probably stem from the fact that I never had a mother to be sensitive with or learn how to talk about feelings. I was never really the talkative type. But I know that I find myself filled with envy over other kids who have both their parents. Watching them go to school hand in hand with mum and dad was like a Kodak moment.


Dad never remarried until I was 16, I felt betrayed, abandoned and angry. It was tough enough to learn that my mum had moved on with another man, and made her own family. Now dad is doing the same thing in-front of my eyes. I know I shouldn't be mad, but I couldn't help feeling cut off from him. Someone whom I had grew up trusting end up twisting a hot knife into my heart. It wasn't his intention, but the damage was already done. Than my step siblings was born, and I ended up becoming some kind of a carer for them, but i never felt happy being responsible for them. I was unhappy knowing that they had both parents that loves them, my step mother doesn't speak English, it made it worst. I never spoke to her or even want to look at her, not even once. I had my moments of outburst when I was trying to sleep, only to be disturbed by her family time with my step siblings. I hated the house I was living in with this new family of mine. Jealousy of their lives made me hate them even more, no matter how innocent they were.


When I was 18 I enlisted into the government sector, traffic cop. I had a girl I was dating since I was 16, she was someone I wanted to marry when I was more stable, and we can live away from our parents. She was my escape hatch. A lifeline. 


Tragedy struck me hard at 19 years old, I was involved in a motor accident while on duty, cracked my head, bleeding out on the highway. I was on life support for 2 weeks, just when all hope was lost, and dad was about to pull the plug on me, i flinched my finger. From that day on, I was classified as a TBI patient (Traumatic Brain Injury), I was practically wounded all over, mummified by bandages and support belts to keep me intact. I lost my future 3 months into recovery, my escape hatch couldn't take it anymore and left me. If I were to describe pain I felt at that time, I would say that I wish the accident killed me outright and save me from going through this horrible ordeal.


Through my recovery, learning how to walk again, turning left handed to right, eating solid foods, fighting my trauma of walking near the road, and surviving on pain killers to keep my physical pain at a minimum. Life was harsh through the recovery to a point where I tried to kill myself with a gun when I was all alone, gun was cocked, aimed at my temple while i cried myself to pull the trigger. Knowing that pain is temporary, death is permanent. I couldn't do it. It hurt even more knowing that I chose to live on with this predicament. I don't know what I was living for at the point, but for some reason it just wasn't time, it didn't feel right to go.


Eventually I was able to move on my own, i went back to school for 2 years to study in the field of information technology. Graduated with distinction, and opt to leave the country to study abroad. But my reasons for leaving was selfish, i wanted to leave the country because I wish to forget the nightmare i went through since my childhood. I was sick of living with my dad and his new family, I was trying to escape this situation that I was blinded by desperation for change, that I did not see the harsher reality waiting for me abroad.


Said goodbye to my dad at the airport, I was 22. Never left the country on my own since I was born, never saw dad cried until that day. I remember feeling liberated while the plane took off, like I was onward to an adventure into the unknown. I was scared out of my mind, anxiety hit hard, but for some reason there was also a sense of calm, and hope for a better life.


A few months into my life as an immigrant &amp; international student, I met my wife, 9 years my senior, who was also looking at starting anew, escaping from her past. I took the leap of faith and asked her out. she said yes. I took another leap of faith and asked for her hand in marriage. she say yes. With little to nothing to offer, she accepted me into her life. I took her back to see my cancer stricken dad, as a form of respect and also seek his blessing. It would be the last time I saw my father. Subconsciously, I tried to cut ties with him, its like I wanted to be away from all the past. What a selfish, brutal, and unfaithful son I was. Karma will get to me eventually.


I had my difficulties in finding stable employment in a foreign land, with my ongoing health issues, I had to limit myself to certain conditions that I can manage. This of course starts straining my married life really badly, we almost divorced 2 years into the relationship, but held on due to the support from my in laws, and friends around us. I moved from jobs to jobs, sometimes without any employment for long duration. I started placing my energy at her, as she was starting to get better luck with jobs. We eventually got permanent residency through her skilled work. But I felt like I had no part in achieving that goal, I felt like a burden at most. I eventually moved to another city to try and change things around, and got my first stable job in the kitchen.


She agreed to support my degree after I started losing hours at work, she wanted to support my education in order to change our life around. But as I was only 1 semester into my degree, her mom passed away from stroke. We went to her funeral as soon as we heard the news, she meant a lot to me, seeing that I never grew up knowing a mother's love. she showed me the wonders of having a mother.


That was when things went downhill as just a week after the funeral, my wife of 7 years decided to call it quits and want a divorce, for good this time. Shocked, disbelief or total denial as to what was happening, I agreed to everything she requested. Part of me wanted to hold on to her longer, but the other part of me wanted to stop her pain, and quit being a burden to her. She was suffering silently inside from all the judgement from her friends, being married to a useless unemployed bum wasn't ideal in this world.


We said our farewells at the airport, I cried silently on my way back alone in that plane. When she returned, found a place at a friends house and immediately moved out everything that she own from our rental property. She wasn't all heartless, leaving me some essential items for me to survive on.


At this point, I was in denial, I kept thinking this was just a bad dream, and she'll call and say lets try again. Wrong. So wrong. I started dwelling on something that will never happen. I secluded myself from any form of contact with friends. For some reason i decided to call my dad, a number i never dial for years, only to hear a familiar voice of my step sister, who informed me that dad died a year ago. I lost all my senses and started crying my heart out. Losing my mother in law, wife, and dad all in the same month was beyond my threshold. And to make matters worst, a close friend who had been a motherly figure to me was diagnose with cancer and died 2 months later. No matter what I tried to do, I was surrounded by death and abandonment.


Half way into 2018, 30 years old, separated leading to divorce, no family, working a part time job that I hate, no luck in getting a new full time job, and no motivation to move on. For months I was eating a meal a day, barely sleeping more than 3 hours, I tried to seek help with a GP but to only be turned down due to some form of racial discrimination. Friends who heard the news tried to console me, keeping me at bay from the dark-side. 


Today I found myself writing a suicide note, and tried to hang myself using a simple bed-sheet noose I made by the window. I choked on my first attempt and stopped myself, but i felt peace after releasing myself from the knot, the bruise is still visible at the nape of my neck. I feel oddly sleepy, probably due to the lack of oxygen I cut off in those few minutes.


I don't know how long I can stop myself from trying again, but the temptation of eternal peace is really alluring. The more I breathe, the more i felt that this life isn't for me. I am too afraid to try, too afraid to hope, too afraid to open my eyes when I wake into another day of dread, depression, and hopelessness.
