Just a few weeks leftI'm just sticking around to pay off my debts and to spend some last moments with the people I care for.

I started getting help for my depression in the fall of 2011.  I've tried various pills (Zoloft, Wellbutrin XL and now Venlafaxine XR) and am seeing my psychologist regularly.  Talking to others helps most with the sadness but I just have had enough.  I'm just too tired of waking up sad.  It's too much for me to handle anymore.  Not only that, but my depression has begun affecting others in my life.  So along with the sadness, the guilt has been eating away at me for months now.

Realistically, my life is not bad at all.  My parents were obnoxious but I had a decent upbringing.  At 28, I have a great job with vacation, benefits, permanency and it's a fun environment to boot.  I have awesome co-workers.  I have a great sister and a loving niece and nephew.  I have friends including a group of five best friends who would do anything for me (They once dropped all their evening plans to be at my side when I had to make a hospital visit years ago for suicide threats).

I've been told by countless others that I'm handsome, smart, adorable, a funny guy, fashionable, a kind person that everyone loves and a fun person to be around.

All meaningless compliments as I'm still selfishly unhappy and just hate myself and my life.  I know it's the depression talking but I can't help but accept it.  The pain is too much.  I used to work out, read books, gravitate towards people and try to make others laugh and smile.  Now I just go to work like a zombie, get home and lay in bed until the next sad morning when I have to struggle just to get up and hit the shower.

My friends, family and co-workers will be so much better off without me.  I'm just a piece of meat taking up space and burdening them with my disease.

I hit 29 on the 29th, which is too old for me.  My best friends will undoubtedly take me out to celebrate and shower me with gifts.  I guess that will be my last hurrah...if I even make it that far.  I have my plan set to go at any time if need be.