My girlfriend told me last night she wants to kill herself. What can I do?My girlfriend and I have been together for nearly 2 years. We've been through hell and back together, but never left each other's side. She's been dealing with depression and anxiety for over 5 years, and I gave my best all this time we've been together to help her feel better. We live in different cities, but we manage to see each other 2\-3 times during weekdays and we spend the entire weekend together. I try to take her to the movies, or to some restaurant every now and then, but almost always she says she's not in the mood. We stay home and watch something on Netflix, eat popcorn and talk for hours, and it's always an awesome day when I get to spend it with her. 

Her father died when she was 2yo, her mother neglected and left her to live with her grandparents for over 10 years. She has a younger sister, who she raised since she was 7. She had problems with past relationships and with her own family involving physical violence, but luckly not sexual. As far as I know, she used to cut herself for years before we met and tried to kill herself a couple of times. 

Her Grandfather, who raised her and who she loved more than anything died a few months before we met, and she cries every week and talks about how much she misses him, and how much he meant to her. Without him, she feels alone in a family that hates her. She always says that she is alone, and when I question her about if she feels alone with me, the answer is always the same. "It doens't include you." I started to feel like it does several months ago. 

Her jobs requires her to be up and ready at 4h30 AM, talk to hundreds of angry strangers for hours and work at crazy hours on weekends. She told me several times over the past year \(since she's been working there\) that she's extremely tired. Of life, of family, of work, and that the only thing keeping her alive was me. We've had our fair share of problems, but nothing serious and we haven't fought for weeks. Out of nowhere, yesterday night, she asked if she could share something with me. 

"I'm think about suicide again. It has been so long since it's been this strong within me. I force myself away from those thoughts, but when I realise, I'm there again. I feel tired of everything and all the time. I know that there is something wrong with me, but I can't take it out. I don't even know who I am."

I have been trying to give her hundreds of advices, but it's nearly all made up. I have no ideia how to handle this myself, and even less of an idea of what to tell her what to do.  I need all the help I can get. Please