I don't have the guts to end it all.Life is absolute hell. I hate it here. I don't have any reason to, I have a nice family I guess, and more than most people could ask for. When I think of that, it just makes me feel guilty for not having enough dopamine to function properly.

I've struggled with on and off self harm since 9th grade. Of course, my parents found out, it became a big deal, I found more discrete ways to do it. (Few burns to the thighs do the magic.)

I hate everything in my life. I feel so tied down, so horrible. I struggle with PCOD, and its entire package deal; I'm overweight and ugly, hirsutism is a freaking pain, medications work only to become useless 2 months later. I'll probably get diabetes in my 30s (given I survive till then lmao) cause it runs in my family too. Oh, and I'm 17. I hate high school stress. I used to be smart and nowadays no matter how hard I try I'm just not smart enough to make my Asian parents proud of me. I just can't anymore and I want to give up and run away from life. My parents except so much from me (in a good way) and they feel like I have so much potential. And I feel so guilty for letting them down every single time and I don't even want to face them anymore. I feel so so guilty that I have tears running down my face as I write this.  

What's weird is there's times when I feel okay. Not extremely happy, just okay and dissociated from my pain, for a good 2-3 days. Then the tinniest of triggers rips my entire emotions open and I'm back to searching up "Painless ways to die" (No, I don't want to contact suicide helplines, thanks). I've tried twice but I was too scared too actually just get it over with. I have an overwhelming fear of failure even when it comes to ending my life, apparently.

There's only two things that keeps me from actually just getting it done with.

1. I'm scared I'll screw up so bad that I'll end up alive and handicapped. And that is something I absolutely fear, because I'm a dancer. And dancing is the one thing that also keeps me going everyday. Jumping from a building only to screw my spinal cords and become a handicap is an everyday nightmare. 
2. I have a 5 year old brother. And I love him so much that my heart feels full every time I see him. Yes, he pisses me off sometimes, but he loves me so much and the thought of leaving him just breaks me. He's literally my only anchor. The one person that I can't leave behind. I just can't, I love him so so much. I'm always in a dilemna cause I don't want to be selfish and leave him, but I just want to be selfish for myself and end the pain of life for once and for all.

This post was nothing really, not any ask for advice, just me pouring my heart out cause I've had one of those shitty days today, and I can't open up to anyone regardless of how many friends I have. If y'all read this, thanks I guess?