I am so unhappy and want to end it but I always end up thinking about how others have it worse and everyone's having a hard time right now, and then I just feel even more guilty for being suicidal.I'm 30. I haven't done anything worth mentioning in my life and so far all I have to show for it is a marriage, and a dog. I love them both very much but that doesn't change how I feel. 

I had so many plans and have gotten to execute exactly none of them because I'm so fucked up on every level. I have really bad physical health on top of everything else. I'm in liver failure and feel like shit constantly but I'm not sick enough to need a transplant, yet. This puts me in a shitty position in my life where I'm just kind of stuck, in a low end at home job because my energy is almost non existent, without continuing my education, pushing back my graduation date even further because concentrating is very difficult.

When will I finally enter the workforce as a healthy capable individual? Who knows if I ever will. My doctor told me that I should start applying for SSI but having a job is one of the only reasons I haven't killed myself yet.

But, even if I were physically healthy, I'm so fucked up in the head who knows if I'd actually be able to accomplish any of my goals. I'm terrified of criticism and shut down at the slightest inkling of any sort of negative test score or lowering GPA. I passed one semester with a 4.0 and then the next semester I got a B on a very important test and realized I wouldn't have a 4.0 at the end of the semester because of it. The next semester I just gave up and got two failing grades in two of five classes. My GPA is like 3.1 now. 

I have serious PTSD and mental health issues from past trauma that even when I was healthy physically, they always held me back.

I don't want to risk success because failure is too painful. But now, who cares? I'm too sick to try anyway. 

My life has no direction, no plans, I CANT plan anything because my liver could fail completely at any time. Then again it could never completely fail and I could just waste my life, always feeling this way. I feel so fucking trapped due to COVID too. At least before I could go outside with normal healthy people and pretend for a few hours that everything was ok. Now everyone is wearing masks, everyone is struggling, everything is a mess for almost everyone. I can't escape, nothing is ok anywhere. I feel so trapped and I feel like the only way out is THE way out.

I wish I hadn't wasted my good health when I was younger and I wish I would've gotten therapy when I had the money and the access. Now I have neither. 

I don't know how much longer I can do this.