Just tired of existing, I guessI'm 21, I'm trans, and I'm just... done. 

I've been clinically depressed for about 6 years, been in therapy for the last 4, and medicated since last spring. I don't feel particularly sad, or angry, or much of anything. Mostly, I'm just exhausted and empty. I'm exactly the cliche of feeling numb and done with everything. 

I've experienced suicidal ideation several times in the last few years, but nothing like this before. This time, it feels like a real possibility, and an appealing one, at that. I've already started clearing up the "paperwork" of it all-- meanwhile, I'm still writing my papers and paying bills and going to work, all completely on autopilot. I genuinely don't care about any of those things anymore, but some rational part of my brain knows they need to get done while I pass time waiting around. 

I have friends, all of whom are very good to me and love me. But they've got their own lives to live and their own problems to deal with. I can't ask them for more than they can give-- it's not fair, and I don't want to do that. They'd be better off without the burden of my stupid life, and my stupid choices. I don't want to hurt them more than I already have, but at least this will be quick and easy, instead of a lifetime of dealing with my bullshit, existential or otherwise. 

My family is distant and has never been involved with my life, particularly, and as of the last few months, they've pretty much ceased all contact except to argue about me being trans. They have no idea how bad my mental health has become, but I don't think they've ever bothered to find out how bad it was to begin with. I feel like if I'm not around, at least I'm not bothering them anymore. They'll be free to live their lives free of the burden of having some shitty trans kid. No more shame and embarrassment. I guess it's better to tell people you have a dead kid, rather than a trans kid. My brother is the only one that's ever properly been there for me, and I can hardly stand to think of how much pain I've already caused him and surely will in the future. But he doesn't deserve to have me around as the problematic, shitty sibling that I am. He deserves far better than that. 

My whole life I've been told the tired maxim of "it gets better", and it's bullshit. It's never gotten better. Living with a garbage existence eventually just gets easier because that's all there is-- but it certainly doesn't get "better". 

I don't think I'll ever be loved for who I am, and I just don't see a point in sticking around if that's the case. There's no point. I'd rather be dead than living out a meaningless, inauthentic existence. 

I'm just tired. Tired of feeling like shit, tired of pretending it will someday get better, tired of pretending like I can get through this. Thanks for reading. 