i tried to overdose and die March 1 b4 Covid19. I wish i had done it.
Hey everyone, 

I am making this thread to try to keep it updated as a motivation to keep living. 
I tried to overdose on March 1st big time. 
I wish i would have died now because of covid 19. 

I started doing really good for three years at online poker after 2 years of struggling alot at it.

Then in August of last year a few unlucky things happened. I was keeping a ton of money on Ignition poker (( 50,000$)) because my home state was having a hard time deciding whether they were going to cover a very unfair 7,500$ medical bill that i got from when i fainted at the poker table. 
I had no business paying that bill.
So i was keeping that money on the poker website to make myself look poor. The government cant see the money once its on the website.
American online poker websites are offshore because the USA is shadily the last country besides Austrailia to shadily keep online poker illegal. 

I got sick from a bad cold in August, and i was out of work for a week. I tried adderol for the first time and i took too much. 
I freaked out on it extra bad because i grew up with schizophrenia from pee shyness and from kids and a few girls telling me i was gay and i had bi polar disorder.

I lost 50,000$ at online blackjack in one night. 
I never ever gamble like this. 
Im a 2-5 player and a 30$ to 50$ average buyin player. So i dont even gamble at high stakes much. 

Then 2 weeks after it happened... my ex girlfriend...the girl who i thought i would marry...she messaged me saying she wanted to try to date again. We dated for 8 months when I lived in Brazil. Online poker is legal and tax free there. 
It would have worked out the first time between us, but I had toxic mold infection and i didnt know i had it. So i left to go back home when dating her the 1st time because I thought i was just burnt out as i was still learning the local language. (( not many speak english down here))

So i get back down here this time with like 25,000 $$ left and this girl who was perfect the first time we dated....she was an absolute train wreck this time around....She demanded very expensive gifts for her birthday....and then after i got them for her....she said we were not dating yet. 

I broke up with her a couple weeks later.
I should have left Brazil right after that...but i had bought a car and i figured what the hell 

Online poker is tax free here...i just turned 29.... ive never had a job besides poker...my odds of finding a wife/// partner might be better here. 

But it just has not worked out. Ive got like 5,000$ left. I blew 4000$ back at Blackjack chasing losses, i blew 4000$ back on her and a few hookers, i blew through 4000$ on the car....ive made money at poker most months here but just not that much money.

And now Covid 19 has hit. I think suicide is just a better answer sadly. Nobody is going to hire me until at least May 2021 when a vaccine is available. I have been doing online poker and casino poker since i was 22, so i have never had a regular job. 

I do not want to move back in with my mom as its dangerous. She refuses to switch jobs. 
Shes older and works at a nursing home.
I do not like her anyways. 

I do not get along with my brother, and i hate most of my family because of childhood abuse. 

I have never made any real friends or girlfriends really, and i think i might be gay. 
Sorry for the long post. I feel like usa therapy has let me down big time but alot of it is my fault. 

The USA is illegally keeping online poker illegal. 
Most people know this....but in the usa...we are too luxurious to study or care about public policy issues much. 10 states have legalized it within their own state at least. 

But still. I have double schizophrenia for undisclosed reasons these days....my therapist should have kept in touch with me. 
Sorry

Please keep me and all others struggling in your prayers during these once in a 100 year difficult times!