im m16 and I don’t want to existsounds cliche put I can’t put in any other words. I don’t really know why I’m writing this or why I’m crying but I feel the need to express myself so I hope someone reads on.

A few years ago I started questioning my sexuality, whether I was gay. In the end I decided I was about a year ago. The whole time I’ve been super anxious about people finding out because I feel my friends just wouldn’t have been accepting, now it’s getting to the point where I can’t form a relationship with anyone (sexually) because I’m gay and can’t come out, so life’s been pretty lonely.

Also around 2 years ago I became very depressed after a close friend of about 7 years just completely cut me out of his life, which then led to depression and anxiety cause I didn’t really have any other close friends. I became very close with someone after that and we did become best friends for about a year, we had known each other for about 5. I told him about how I was depressed and anxious and he cut me out of his life and told others what I had said to him, except he made me sound very abnormal. Because of that I don’t really have any close friends and it just hurts. Sounds like nothing but I just feel betrayed in way. 

My parents are very strict also, what I am saying now will make sense in a sec just read through it, so I am not allowed to watch porn or have electronics in my room etc etc etc. As a usual teenager trying to fit in with the rest of my year group I snuck my laptop in my room, only for them to find me with it. They made me go downstairs with them, and watch every second of every single porn video on my computer, they didn’t know I was homosexual either so forcing me to watch it all was humiliating. I knew they were disgusted with me. The whole situation became so bad I had a panic attack where I was struggling to breathe, all they did was shout at me and not help at all. I deleted the rest of my search history because I couldn’t bear watching any more. They then said that they were going to take my laptop to the police to get the search history back because they were convinced I had some illegal porn on there, I don’t even know what they thought, but the distrust was immense and I had never felt so isolated my entire life. I felt so ashamed it was crushing. That night I went to my room, wrote letters to people, and tried to jump out my window. I didn’t fit out and that’s the only reason I am writing this today. 

Over the past year, 50% of the time I cry myself to sleep, I have no idea why I do it, it just happens. I lost both my grandmothers in the past year also, as well as currently being in the process of revising for me GCSE’s. I have become so isolated over the past few months, feeling my parents disappointment weighing on my shoulders and being isolated from everyone around me. It’s almost like a cycle of revising at the moment, I’m terrified of having bad grades so I really want to revise, but I just have no energy of motivation to do it. Instead I just sit in the library and do nothing, it’s almost painful. For a long period I felt sad every day and felt like crying all the time, anxious of everything. I kept on thinking ‘what’s the point’, why am I going to be happy in the future if I am not right now, especially if I get bad grades. Everything I thought was so irrational and it all led back to the same conclusion, that there is no point or purpose to life. This made me extremely sad for a while, but then things changed.

Now I don’t feel anything. Literally nothing. I miss feeling sad and caring about things, I miss being anxious, because seriously not caring about what happens to you is no way to live. The only time I feel emotion is when I cry in my bed at night, every week or so. I feel cold inside and it’s honestly awful.

Because of all this, I just don’t want to exist. I don’t feel the need to die, I don’t cut myself or anything like that, I just don’t want to be alive anymore. I haven’t explained half the story of things that have happened in my life, and I really can’t be arsed explaining them. I guess I’ve sort of figured out why I wrote this now, have any of you been in a similar situation to this, and if so does it get any better, cause I’ve been waiting for it to get better for a while. 

I’ve read a few things on here and some are truly awful, like rape etc. I can’t even imagine what you all are going through and what I’m feeling really feels like nothing in comparison, but I still want help I guess.

I know it sounds like I’m just a young teenager being stupid but I really really just want to live a different life, either by not having one or not changing it I guess