I have a plan and the means to execute it. In 72 hours I will be deadThis is a throwaway account for obvious reasons.

I have my method selected, and my entire plan, including location, time, and last communications, written on a neatly folded piece of notebook paper that I have kept in my right pocket for almost three weeks. It feels surreal knowing that in three short days I will be stone dead. Still, my resolve is firm.

This is not the first time I have planned to kill myself, but it is the first time that I feel set in said plan. Three years ago I had a similar intent to die. I purchased a shotgun and the proper, most lethal ammunition available, but in the week leading up to the event I told my mother of my plan in a moment of weakness. She was very angry with me. We were in her car when I told her, and she started driving very aggressively, yelling at me and changing lanes too fast. I was worried she would kill us both then and there. She didn’t. She put a stop to the plan, and saw that I got help.

Now, I sit here, three years older, ready to die. 

Suicide is not my first choice. In my adult life I have tried very hard to be a good person. I have tried to be successful in my endeavors. To my disappointment, though, I was never quite able to swing it.

I fit the stereotypical profile of a person headed down the path of suicide. I am perpetually neurotic and negative: I hate myself, from the way that I look to the way that I talk, and I am embarrassed about the things that I like and what I choose to be. I’m impulsive. The antithesis of conscientiousness. I’m a slob. My room is fifty shades of clutter. I make goals and find it impossible to follow through with them; 
I can count on a single finger the times that I’ve set out with a particular long term goal in mind and completed it.

I went to college on a whim— because that’s what I felt like I was supposed to do. I hated it. Every single waking moment. I changed my major twice; desperate attempts to find a way to finish college and appease my parents. Ultimately it took me six years to finish my bachelor’s degree where it took my peers three or four to finish theirs. I ended up 45 grand in debt with a useless degree as far as the job market is concerned. On top of that, my lack of interest in schooling ensured that I learned little to nothing—I had no interest at all in what I was studying and barely passed. I think I walked away with something like a D+ average. I don’t even remember—I was just happy it was through. I didn’t bother walking at my graduation ceremony. My parents were so disappointed in my academic performance that they didn’t even call to congratulate me. There was no celebration. If I could go back and change the past I’d grow a backbone, stand up for myself, and make the decision not to go at all. 

I am introverted and have very few friends. The only people I am close with are my family members.

I am steadily approaching my late 20s and I have never had a full time job. With my neurotic tendencies and episodes I sometimes find it impossible to get out of bed, and so holding down a job is very difficult. I quit gigs with no notice or warning. Sometimes, if the terrible inspiration strikes, I simply walk out in the middle of a shift. I am currently unemployed, thanks to Covid, and I have had to move cities to move back in with my parents. I have no savings whatsoever. My mom has taken many opportunities in the months I’ve been home to tell me that she is “very disappointed in the person I have become” and that she “never thought I would be like this as an adult”. I feel like the smallest, runniest piece of shit.

A few nights ago, during another one of these sessions in which my mother was letting her thoughts on my life’s trajectory be known, things turned physical (on my end) for the first time. I am not proud of it, and I do not claim to be justified in my actions. We were having an argument, and my mother told me, like she does often in these moments, that she thought I was a loser. I shoved her to the ground. We were on carpeted floor, and my mother is a tall, built, athletic woman, so she wasn’t hurt in any capacity, but it didn’t matter. In that moment I stepped over the line and became an abuser. I was so angry in that moment—not totally with her, either. Most of my hatred in that moment was directed at myself. I was angry that I can’t seem to live a normal life, despite my best efforts. I was angry that my brother, who by all measure is a popular, caring, intelligent, industrious person is on his way to having a solid career and a good life while I struggle with personality problems that seem ingrained within me. I was angry that my parents show him favoritism. I was angry that I have failed myself every time I ever expected something of myself—and that I am, in the true sense of the word, a failure. I was angry that I can’t seem to show any real interest in living. I was angry that I have to die so soon. I had already made up my mind to kill myself and formulated my plan to do so, but that moment was like an underline beneath my death sentence. I knew that I had sunk beyond redemption. I don’t care to redeem myself, even if I could—I know my life is not ultimately worth it. 

I have been in therapy for a while now, and though it often makes me feel better in the moment about small issues in my life, I definitely feel like it is incapable of making the great sea changes that my life would have to undergo to become viable. My deep seeded problems with my personality and the like are overwhelming and don’t seem to have any real solution. I have asked my therapist for help with my neuroticism specifically, and he claims that I will eventually have to learn to accept it. It is a hard thing to accept, though, knowing that my single greatest problems—the things keeping me from living a normal life—have no solutions.

So here I sit. There are three days between me and a shotgun slug propelled through my forehead from the 10 gauge that I spent my very last dollars purchasing. I have nothing left. And soon I will be nothing. 

Thank you for reading this if you did— I am planning on writing a fairly succinct suicide note for my family to read, but I suppose this is a kind of suicide note for myself. This note is like the period on the end of my sentence. Allowing my feelings to condense into written word has made me feel like I'm making the right decision. 

Take care, you guys