I dont see things getting much betterClearly, if I'm posting here im not 100% wanting to die. In fact, I really wish life could be better for me. I just dont believe I will get better. My issues come from a lot of trauma, and I've been in therapy for more than 3 years. I consistently do things to try to better my life. I try to make healthier decisions, I try to be a better person, and I try to employ the "fake it til you make it" method of being happy (not in a disingenuous way just trying to make good habits). I have some good days. I have some comfortable and quiet days. I do not necessarily have happy days. And, more so than the former, I have a lot of really hard moments and days. 


I'm tired of feeling haunted. I'm tired of the hauntings always coming back, and always getting in the way. I feel like I'm doing everything I can, maybe I'm not, i dont know. But at what point is it just the rational decision to accept the reality of circumstance? There are plenty of people trapped to cycles of mindsets and behaviors they cannot change, or are almost incapable of changing. 


On my best days, I do not believe in much besides biology and chance. Things have no meaning besides what you give them. If I were capable of feeling safe and comfortable, then I would be happy finding things that I have meaning in. And i try to do this. But I can't have the basic foundation of stability. On my worst days, I am convinced that the world, or at least my own world, is plagued with pain. The one thing I can believe in is pain. It is consistent and promised and not fake. I cannot believe in anything else as genuinely as I can pain. 


At what point is limiting the amount of pain I continue to endure or encounter the more rational decision, rather than being a sitting duck waiting for the next trauma to come? Or the next affirmation that I cannot trust myself nor others? Or the next proof that there is no good around me. I dont want to wait for those things. My hauntings convince me those things are coming, whether they are or not. Which makes those things reality anyways. 


I'm tired of the moments where I feel completely despaired and fearful. Not even entirely sure what my body and mind are dreading most of the time, sometimes my mind just rationalizes that intense fear by creating paranoid thoughts. And then I lose my sense of self and reality even more. It's awful to have flashbacks and nightmares and then paranoia. Its awful to believe everything can and will hurt me. I'm tired. 