There is no hopeShort version : life is forced upon us, painful, full of agony and useless. No one cares about anyone else but themselves and there is nothing after death, no one has proof of the opposite.


No one gets the choice to be born in this world. The only choice we have is to continue living or not. To alleviate the pain of this life, we, early in life, get told that things get better, that life ressemble some kind of disney movie. The reality is that this world is really cruel and that humans are monsters. 

To survive, we need to take another animal life, to kill. When bad things happens, we often resort to violence. 

The harsh truth is that no one gives a fuck about you, the only thing they care about is themselves and what advantage they can get from you. A friend is someone that gives you advantages, the day he stops, he gets dumped. Love is the same, in these days this is so true. Love is mostly our genes telling us to procreate (which is our
only purpose in life).

School will show you that bullying is alright, if someone hurts you or bully you, it is not only the person fault, you have a part of responsability, because it takes 2 persons for these kind of problematics. You will have to obey random and petty rules made by a teacher just for the sake of it while listenning all day to a teacher who is tired of his job but cannot leave it without losing a part of his retirement. At some point, you might be able to attend college. You will have more liberty and you will be able to take some decisions but it will leave you with a ton of debts and no insurance of any job, ever. 

No matter what you do, most people will have to work at minimum wage most of their life in a job they hate, without having a choice. Work is basically the politically correct word for slavery nowadays. You have a bachelor? You want to work in your field of study? You will either have not enough experience or so much that no one will
hire you. 

The human nature is fucked up. Violence, rape, lies, anything that gives people more power. Most people are willing to do anything to get any. We use our planet as a big trash, even though there is no other planet for us.Who cares if some whales dies atrociously because of the pollution. 

We die in atrocious sufferings after seeing our friends and family also die in atrocious suffering or complete degeneration (ex: alzheimer, cancer). There is nothing after we die (nothing anyone can prove anyway), I really do not see the point in living anymore, apart from the fact that I am scared of pain. I have been having suicidal
thoughts every day since I was 6 years old and things never get better. I am unable to find a job in what I studied for and I am struggling with my debts and my lack of any real friendship. I am stressed and scared about losing more people in my family, I wish to die before them, the sooner the better. I am ready to leave in the next days, knowing there is nothing better ahead, ever.
