I'm never going to be happy or even content with my life so whats the point of livingI've always been depressed. Whenever I see a new therapist or whatever and they ask when this started, when the last time I felt okay was, I can't answer without crying because I've *always felt this way* (and a lot of times I feel like they don't believe me and think I'm being hyperbolic). When I was kid I went to doctors, specialists, etc, kept getting tested for mono over and over because I had no energy, I was sad all the time, I didn't do my classwork and I always begged my mom to stay home from school because I felt sick. Teachers would say that I was bright and personable but didn't apply myself. I can't count how many times I've heard that throughout the years.

I didn't have the ideal childhood but I didn't have an awful one either. I wasn't abused. I know my parents love me even though they're not always the best at showing it. But when I was in grade school I wrote in my little cutesy diary with a sparkly gel pen that I wanted to die, over and over. I WANT TO DIE I WANT TO DIE I WANT TO DIE. I'd pray to God that I would die. I'd curl up in a ball in a corner of my room and cry for hours. 

Flash forward two decades and I've been in treatment and seeing therapists for 15 years. I've tried holistic, tons of meds, ECT, experimental meds, I've tried carefully weaning myself off meds to see if they were making things worse but that led to the worst depressive episode of my life, which I am still in the throes of. Even when I'm not in a depressive episode I don't want to be alive. It's like my baseline is suicidal. 

I started self medicating with weed and alcohol. For about a year I'd literally be stoned all day, as in smoke the minute I woke up to right before bed. It worked...until it didn't. When I'm stoned now, nothing is interesting or beings me joy. I quit drinking three weeks ago as of tomorrow and I haven't smoked in three days but I can't find it in me to be proud. I miss it even though I don't really enjoy being stoned anymore. I don't know what to do with myself now, everything is more tedious and painful. 

I don't want to be around to see how much worse I can get. I just want off this ride. I've wanted off this ride for a long time. I didn't ask for this, I didn't ask to be born. I'm mad at my parents for deciding to make a child despite the long history of severe mental illnesses on both sides, and then not being prepared for their child having a broken brain from the getgo. I wish they would've adopted. I wish someone else's soul was in this body and had this life and could actually do something worthwhile with the privileges I've had growing up. 

I barely graduated high school and have been kicked out of three colleges. I've held down a job as a waitress but I can only work three days a week now. If I work more I start having breakdowns at work and I'm scared I'm going to get fired (no one wants to be served by a woman who's obviously been crying lol). I'm broke and living with my dad who's a narcissistic alcoholic and his attempts to help just make things worse because he doesn't listen to what I say. I can't get away because I can't make enough money to live on my own. 

I never thought I would make it to 30 without killing myself. I'm two and a half years away from 30 and I still can't see myself making it to then. Ive been at my limit for so long and I'm tired of fighting. I've tried so hard for so long and things have only gotten worse. There's no point to continuing to exist. I can't see a future for myself that doesn't involve killing myself once my dad can no longer support me. What's the point of dragging it out that long if I'm just going to be miserable the entire time? I'm a waste and a drain on society and those I love. 