Wrote this post on 4chan to help someone find something to relate to, but I need help too.Sup OP, sitting in a train station in NYC, omw home from a shitty job that is leading no where.  My fiancee waits for me at home, although the girl I love is still at the place I just left.

Friday Night, but I'm not going out drinking tonight with friends, although I feel an overwhelming desire to numb my depression, I know my stomach just can't take anymore alcohol right now.

I have a rockin body and great looks, a great smile and laugh, I'm funny.  People are attracted to me.

But all I want right now is to waste away alone tonight, sitting in the dark, while my fiancee sleeps.  I want to go back and wrap my arms around the girl I love at work, taste her lips and smell her breath.  I want to walk out of my job and never see any of my friends again.

A life time of depression has left me with self-destructive tendencies because I feel like I deserve pain, that I don't deserve good things.  No matter what I try to accomplish, that actually matters to me, I stop right before completion.  Education, work, ambitions and goals.  And now I've fallen in love with another woman now that I have a fiancee.

I'm not sure what exactly my point is.  Maybe you can relate.  Realize you're not alone.

I've thought about suicide daily for periods of months for over a decade now.

I keep trying.

//////////////

That's where my reply ended.  

Posted here just now because I read in another thread advice on getting in shape, getting outside and running, "the rush of emotions, the emotional balance created from the exercise will make you feel great"

I jogged four miles today in thirty mins.  Got back, jerked off, went out and bought a bottle of wine, drank half while playing DOTA(an online game where people are downright mean at the drop of a hat).  

Now I feel like shit again.  Still haven't showered cause I don't feel like it, not that I sweat much anyway, but still.  

Why do I feel compelled to act this way?  If I get a rush of nice feeling emotions, or feel the absence of depression, I choose an act that brings the depression back.  

I'm tired of sighing, tired of some days repeating over and over in my head,"don't kill yourself, don't kill yourself"

Typing this out, I feel I know the cure.  Talk about everything that happened to me a decade ago, but breaking down the walls to find everything I buried is so scary.

But right now, I just need to get this out there, something positive before I start to feel any worse tonight.

Thanks for reading.