Gay autistic teen who put himself into a toxic situation through his own stupidity, want to dieI am a 16 year old bi teen living somewhere in the GTA which I will not name. 

I go to a Catholic school in an area which is predominantly highly Christian Eastern Europeans, Jamaicans, and East Africans alongside many fundamentalist Muslims from the MENA and southeast Asia. 

I recently changed school in Grade 11 because my old one, despite being public and LGBT friendly, had me in a special ed program which I felt isolated me, as I had almost no friends outside the program, which I felt made me into an outacast as I was considered one of "those" kids, the kid who rode the shortbus to school and whatnot. 

I changed to a Catholic school, I thought a lot of my middle school went to this school, I was very, very wrong. My primary reason for going to the school was I became friensd with some people from work and they were all fairly irreligious, friendly and laid back. And the school was substantially closer to me, at my old school I had to spend 3 hours on a bus daily with a few people on the very low end of the autism spectrum, which was near intolerable.

What I didn't realize was that those kids were the most highly educated and achieving kids at the school, so naturally they were more liberal and irreligious leaning ( no offence to any Catholics). When I went to the school itself, I realized something. The school is a very ghetto, toxic and anti-LGBT environmente despite being publicly funded. There are frequent fights, stabbings, hard drug usage etc. I thought the school was nice entirely due to the clean orderly aesthetic it had when I visited it beforehand. I was dead fucking wrong. 

The only public school near me is substantially more LGBT friendly and I have a lot of childhood friends who go there, but it's renown for fights, shootings, drug usage, violent harassment, carjackings, you name it. It makes my current school look like the fucking ritz 

I barely know anyone at this school either, in my religion class I've sat alone the entire year. Only speaking when asking for something. 

There aren't evne close to as many extracurriculars as their website promised, the few ones that are actually there are either miniscule, rarely attended or full of people I would rather not be around. 

And it's too late to return to my old school, far too late. I signed a form ensuring I would change boards. 
 
And I don't think I'm going to make any friends in the one and a half years I'm remaining in the school.


For all my life I've had very few friends, when I was little I was anti-social, awkward, easily agitated and could not comprehend very basic social cues. I got scared and cried easily, I got angry easily, I had almost no control over my emotions. I have only felt the camradery associated with childhood friends on rare circumstances, I have never been to a real party, I will definitely remain a virgin throughout high school,

I only felt that sense of community back in middle school, I was put entirely into a regular class and quickly became friends with everyone and felt like I was part of a real community. In high school I truly feel like just another brick in the wall. 

I feel like I have lost out on my childhood, which I used video games as an escapism for and took out my pent up angst on everyone else. and I feel like I'm losing out on my teen years, which I have found miserable and lonely. 

Overall, in life, my one sole desire was always to be normal, I just wanted to live a normal childhood. I just wanted to have a group of friends which I joked around with and would spend most of my free time with. I just want to enjoy my teen years. I want to grow older and find a wife who I love and raise kids which are my own biologically. but i cant do any of that, and its too late to repair my miserable past. 

My parents would never truly accept me being gay, my dad has explicity expressed his distaste with gay people on multiple occassions and considers them to be gross and unnatural, even though he's an athiest. my mom thinks that they all want to be women secretely and that they shouldnt get any rights.

and i feel guilty, really guilty for being so bitchy. I live in a decent house my parents mortgated for like 200k. and i live in a really poverty stricken area so im fairly privilegaed compared to some of my peers.

I usually have to find escape in marijuana, video games and music to try and distract myself

I get really good marks in school, but they're gradually eroding and exams and culminatings are really stressing me out, and this is my easy semester so im prepared for hell next semester. 

And there is one more factor which scares me. I'm attracted to primary boyish features and my range of attraction does tend to be around 12-16 years old, which is normal for my age. but it's the boyish features of younger teens that I'm attracted to. High cheekbones, blonde hair and blue eyes, longer hair, hairless bodies, no facial hair, boyish clothes. And this scares me because when I'm older I know there are not many men who will look like that, and I'm afraid of what will become of my sexuality when I'm older

My few friends are alright, but I never hang out with them or they live far away

I just want to be normal, I wanted to have that happy carefree childhood, I want to have fun and enjoyable teenage years, I want to love college/uni and let loose. I want to have biological kids with a wife. 

I'm seriously considering killing myself once I find an easy and painfree way with drugs. 

I love you all. 

I might copy and paste this around a few more subs

