only living for other people buti really hate life

i have posted here a million times and shit just keeps getting worse

and the only thing keeping me here is other people who say they wouldn't want me to go

but i am so disenchanted with life. i started smoking cigs just so i could hopefully get cancer soon and die, since i don't seem to have the balls to do it myself.

it's not like i want a whole lot from life. i just want enough money to support my hobbies. something better than the second-rate college i attend because i fucked up my first opportunity. things that are quality enough to last longer than 6 months after i buy them. student loan forgiveness. being able to travel once a year. that's it, if i had that, i wouldn't ask for anything else ever. hell if i didn't live in america i wouldn't even own a car, 4000 dollars back in my pocket.

and yet i can't even find a minimum wage job because to get any sort of job here in my town you have to know people here. my family are outsiders here in this tiny joke of a town. and i can't move anywhere without having money to begin with. stuck, i'm stuck. the only way to go is down, 6 feet under to be precise. even the nearest town would take out a third of my paycheck to drive there every week because it's over a half hour away.

how can i be happy without money if my hobby is computers? i don't take joy from much else. maybe hookah but that costs money i don't have too. i hate exercising, i went for a brisk walk the other day and i felt worse afterwards, especially since i had to look at this shit town i hate so much and the shitty people in it. why do the things i like to do have to cost so much money?

why am i still alive? i don't want to be here anymore. i have no energy or motivation. every day is a chore. other people want me alive for some strange reason but i just want to die and the people who can actually do something to help me aren't the ones who care

edit:

i think about suicide every single day. even when things seem okay (like when my friends paid for me to come to chicago with them for a convention) something sets me off and makes me feel that way, or i remember what life is really like.

although i used to be depressed i wasn't really suicidal until maybe last year. all i see anymore is suffering, and the people who aren't suffering are just rubbing it in my face whether they're trying to or not.

and it seems like no matter what anyone says to me it doesn't help, i need something to change but i really just don't see a way out of my situation. i need to leave this town but there's just no way to do that