Why the fuck can't I do itI can't do music. I can't fucking do it. It's the only thing I really care about and want to do and I can't fucking do it. I've spent all my time worrying about it and trying to get better and practice but I can't just sit down and write it. And you're like, what the fuck does this have to do with suicide.

I don't want to fucking be here. I have no fucking worth. I'm not even a person. I can't survive I can't function and everything has just slowly been falling apart. I've been trying this whole time. I try to make good decisions but they are *bad* decisions. I'm a bad person. I just don't understand.

I don't make any money anymore. I used to be a cocktail waitress and I made between $500-1000 on a Saturday night. I worked two days a week, had excess money. Felt like shit about myself and wanted to die though, so I got a job as a barista. Don't make shit, but I love my job. But fucking why do I love my job. Because I feel like someone. Because I work at a cool place and people know me and say hey when I'm out and about in this small town. I make "cool" people's days. They like me. They value me. I feel like someone.

But I don't make any fucking money and I just didn't pay rent. I didn't even try because I couldn't. I couldn't cover even half of it. I can't afford new shoes and now I don't fucking eat because I know I can't afford anything and shouldn't be buying anything. All I want to do is sleep, or die. Which is almost the same thing except when I'm sleeping I wake up to hating myself. I fucking hate myself.

I'm not who I want to be. I'm not who I put effort into to be. I'm nowhere near that, and so now I even think I'm stupid. The only thing I have to offer is my looks. And go ahead and think I'm a bitch for that. But when that's the only fucking thing people value in you, and the only way you've been able to survive, it feels like shit. I wanted to be so much more than that. I wanted to be smart, educated, talented, accomplished but I am nothing. And I will just die a pretty face, and no one will care. Because why the fuck would they. I brought nothing to this world. 

I can't fucking stay here. I can't do this anymore I have tried and tried and tried and tried as many of you well fucking know! Enough *is enough!* This is enough. Things are not better. I hate myself. My life is falling apart and I am incapable of fixing it and I am not worth saving. This is enough.