My story (not meant for anyone)I'm a bit wasted and I figured I'd might aswell put the story of my life out there. I do it because it felt fitting, since I've never gotten to tell it before. I don't expect nor want any attention out of it since it's so long but I can't explain why I feel the urge to tell it. Here goes:

My early childhood was not rough, but it wasn't filled with glee either. It was mundane, but I had no reason to complain. I never really had any friends growing up, I wasn't bullied but was a bit of a shut out, I always had to take initiative to join the groups of people in school since no one would interact with me otherwise. I was very shy and extremely sensitive as a kid, I'd be embarrassed by the slightest mishap and if someone as much as raised their voice at me I'd start to cry

I was still a relatively happy kid, because I had video games to pass my time. I didn't really have much of a care for anything anyways, I was just happy to waste my time in front of the television screen.

But there came a time in my early teens when I realized just how lonely and socially incompetent I really was. I was no longer content with life, I wanted friends, I didn't want to be alone anymore. At this point in time I had turned into a very quiet person because I was still shy and didn't want to embarrass myself, and so it was easier to just stay quiet and keep to myself. I didn't know how to socialize anymore, so I didn't bother. Because of this I was still neglected and didn't recieve much attention.

At the age of 15 my discontent with life had already started to pile up. I became depressed, I started spending a lot more time in my head as my thoughts started to become more developed with time. I had already started to explore my mind and person a lot. I'd think about the meaning of life, why I turned out the way I did, etc. I thought about these things almost everyday. My loneliness and depression caused tremendous pain after a while, I was maturing quickly as I had to deal with it all by myself. 

At the age of 16 I enter the Swedish equivalent of highschool. A new school, new opportunities, new people. But I was a quiet and meloncholy person who seemed upset and cold at all times, when in reality I was just sad and extremely emotional at all times. People had already started to distance themselves from me, as everyone I ever knew always had. 

Time passes and I was now 17, my situation never changed, it only got worse and worse. I was still in a terrible place mentally. Years of depression and loneliness is starting to take it's toll now. 

My last year of highschool I dropped out, because I no longer had any care for anything anymore. I had become apathetic towards life. I was still surging with emotion as I always had been, but I no longer cared about anything. I was now 18 and ready to die. My mentality was: "I'm going to kill myself anyways so why bother going to school anymore".

I'm now 20 years old. I've spent the past two years doing nothing but trying to understand myself and the world. I'm in less pain mentally, as time passes I become more desensitized to my depression. I'm no longer a meloncholy person, but I'm not a cheery one either. I feel almost completely indifferent for the most part, but will break down into a sad state at times.

I don't feel human anymore, I don't fear death either. Maybe it was all a blessing in disguise preparing me for my inevitable end, so that I could die without fear or regret.

So I guess the moral of the story is to at least give the silent type who seems out of it a chance, because it means more to them than you could ever imagine.

Goodbye