Maybe we shouldn't be alive.Maybe depression is evolutions way of population control since we as humans have found cures for most everything else. How, exactly, as a resource consuming life form that excretes garbage and contributes nothing am I supposed to care about "getting better" and believe things will be ok? I appreciate boards and hotlines and every one of you reading this with the intention to help. You are the people that deserve to live and thrive. 

Help has never worked for me. I've talked to hotlines, friends, paid counselors. When I was serious, I called no one, I did not reach out, I did not cry. I've been hospitalized 3 times for suicide. Every time the cops and doctors make you feel like shit. Doctor says "Oh, it's just them again", cop says "I'm so fucking sick of getting called here all the time", friends say "How could you do this to me?", you want to scream "How could you expect me to continue to exist in agony purely for your satisfaction of knowing that I do?"

The only reason I'm still here is I don't have the balls to get a gun and I have a high resistance to drugs. Seriously, I still felt a surgery because it took a lot more than a normal person to actually numb me out. I've tried to acquire something on "the street", but I just don't know anyone. I'm not scared of death, I'm scared of not dying. 

Some of us really don't have anything to live for. Some of us actually would be better off not existing. Some of us are fundamentally absurd. 

My parents were abusive and I grew up with a list of disorders including attachment disorder, I have never been able to really form relationships. My daughter died unexpectedly in 2014, at 13 years old, she was the only person I ever really felt connected to my whole life. I've surrounded myself with sociopaths because they don't require the emotional response from me other people do. I had a relationship with a person who treated me well for almost 10 years, they left me 4 months ago, told me they couldn't handle me anymore and said I was the angriest person they'd ever known. They know I want to die and probably will do something and just gave up and walked away too. He told me before if I died I'd be leaving him to clean up all my messes. Now he doesn't have to. 

I had friend after friend walk away from me after my suicide attempts. I lost my best friend, and two other very good friends. They didn't understand how hard it is to lose your little girl and didn't want to deal with someone who is suicidal. I have no family at all, I no longer have friends.

I just had to move because into section housing because I can't hold work and without my partner couldn't pay rent. They, nor anyone, asked where I was going, no one knows where I even live now and no one cares. I could die and rot here and no one would give a fuck until the slum lords found me and became the last person to have to "deal" with my existence. I've struggled my whole life, been abused and beaten bloody, and covered in wounds that will never heal inside and out. What little I had has been taken from me. 

Yes, I know things will change. And I know they will change again. After 40 years of waiting for things to change for the better and seeing them always go sour how long does everyone expect me to wait for this "change"? When do things get better? When I'm 50 and unemployed? When I'm 60 and can't take care of myself anymore? How old do I need to be alone in a life by myself with only the ghosts of the people I loved before it's OK for me by society's terms to give up?

My grandmother had cancer, she was given 6 months. It was so bad she was in so much pain and the doctors kept her on a morphine drip. We knew her dose would be upped because of the pain and she eventually went out that way. Everyone was ok with this. This is seen as compassion. 

I have been in severe physical pain before and I can honestly say I would trade the mental agony for physical agony. 

But this is the box society has put me in. Our illness isn't real, it isn't recognized. Those who aren't in this pain will never really know what it's like, how horrible it actually is. Because of that I'm expected to keep existing, waiting for something that will never come. 

How is this fair? How is you asking me not to give up fair? If I told you I had cancer and 6 months, would you tell me not to give up?

Everyone says focus on the good times. The world got so angry at Robin Williams when he took his own life. They said he should have asked for help and it wasn't right because he brought laughter to so many people. Why can't they focus on the good times he brought them, instead of branding him a suicide? Maybe it was selfish, but letting go after giving so much of yourself to others is a lot less selfish than expecting someone to live in pain because they make you laugh. Why is this such an unfavorable viewpoint?

I'm not here to say I'm committing suicide. I'm here to say I wish I could, I wish there was a way, and I wish true care was acknowledging the pain and being selfless was helping someone with it. I wish after 2 years of counseling a doctor could approve me for a soylent green style death, like a trans person is approved for surgery to become the person they were meant to be.  Maybe some of us are not meant to be at all. There's too many people on this planet, wouldn't it be great if we could choose to trade places with a starving child who wants to live. 