Tired of TryingI've been dealing with mental illness as long as I can remember.  I'm 23 and had my first psych hospitalization more than 10 years ago, my first suicide attempt almost 10 years ago.  I've been in the hospital for psych stuff literally more times than I can count.

I don't want to kill myself because I don't want to hurt those who care about me (and I fully recognize that there are people who care about me).  But I very much don't want to be alive.  I don't want to exist.  I know that "it gets better".  I don't deny that I won't always feel this awful.  But the decent times only last a brief while until I'm back in this headspace again.  I've been trying so hard for so long to improve my mental health.  Hospitalizations, partial hospitalizations, meds, therapy, groups, a year in a residential program in high school, recently TMS treatments.  Nothing works longer than a couple weeks and i'm so so tired of trying.  I don't even want to try to get better anymore because the effort seems pointless.

I've been putting myself in a lot of high risk situations where I am likely to get hurt.  And I was trying to stop those behaviors.  And I slipped and did them again and then tried to stop again.

At this point I don't have plans to actually kill myself nor to I have plans to engage in unsafe behaviors.  But I feel so absolutely hopeless and I don't know what else to try, how else to help myself.  Even though I don't have plans to actually do anything, I find myself seeing things about the not-so-distant future and scrolling by because I don't anticipate still being here for Christmas.  I don't have plans to do anything but I guess I'm anticipating I will?  I don't know.  There's a lot of complicated things.

I have dreams and aspirations for my life and I've tried to make changes to make them happen but my mental illness always gets in the way.  I have some friends and family who care about me and I don't want to hurt them by offing myself.  But I feel like I hurt them by being such an emotional drain because I'm always in crisis.  So it feels lose-lose.

I don't even know why I'm posting this here.  I'm not actively suicidal.  And passively suicidal has been my baseline for 10 years.  I guess I'm worse than my baseline but it's also not active intent.  I'm just tired of trying to be okay.  Or if not okay, at least not actively trying to off myself.  It's so exhausting.