I want out of this lifeIts been over a year since my ex dumped me. I don't think he ever loved me or even liked me that much, maybe when we first started dating and when he moved away, but maybe part of it was lust too. I had all of my firsts with him, and I visited him last april (he lived about 6 hours away, had to move back home after losing his first job out of college) and he dumped me before I went home. He didn't really care. Just told me to make a tinder account, make more friends, see a therapist, ask my parents for dating advice, and to basically have a nice life. I wanted the ground to swallow me up and die at the same time. I honestly haven't been the same since that happened and still feel just as depressed as when it happened. He moved back to my area almost a year ago (he dumped me last april) and has already started seeing someone else. Its been over a year, why the fuck can't I let it go? Why can't I just fucking move on? He does not like me, does not want to be friends and does not want me back. that ship has sailed and is long gone. he is so much happier without me and does not even miss me.

why is my brain stuck? why can't I get over him?

In the past year, he has gotten a new job, moved into a nice, new place on his own, is dating someone who is probably as smart and successful as him, has a new group of friends and is very much enjoying life.

In the past year, I have gained almost 50 lbs, still work at a job that I fucking hate, developed a hate for the field that I studied and chose to work in (I no longer take it seriously), became extremely cynical, negative and angry at the world, barely made enough money to get by, spent impulsively because I don't have friends or a social life, ate my feelings, cut my family out of my life (for the most part, every time I come into contact with my parents my dad takes the time to tell me how much I embarrass him and what a useless failure I am), spent WAY too much time checking social media, obsessing over him, crying by myself (especially in my car, in the shower, and in bed), overdosing on pills, cutting myself, self-harming, drinking, smoking, getting ghosted when I hilariously tried dating again, had friends stop talking to me because I was too depressing to be around, was traumatized when I tried going to therapy again, got over $500 in traffic tickets and wrecked my car (not my fault).

I am such a lonely, useless waste of a person. I've wasted my time and my life. I wish that I could just unfollow him from social media so I won't have to see his updates anymore and just move the fuck on. Its easier said than done. Part of me is scared of looking petty or crazy if I unfriend/unfollow him, like "she is angry at me/still has feelings for me" or whatever, part of me thinks that if I keep him on my social media he will come back. judging from how he broke up with me, the latter is extremely unlikely.

I wish I had a large group of friends like he does. I wish I didn't become mute with anxiety when I'm with a group of people. With my current situation, I have maybe like 4 friends who I never see and who I have to initiate contact with if I want to see them/know how they're doing. It's hard to even keep a conversation with them and I can see they are losing interest, too. As much as I want friends, I kind of gave up in trying to keep in contact with them. they lost interest in me just like he lost interest in me.

maybe I should just accept the fact that I'm going to be alone for the rest of my life. I can either live with it and accept it, or kill myself. I'm 25 with no savings, a shitload of debt and no accomplishments, no friends or family. I'm all alone. It sucks being alone. I've been alone my whole life. I was born an only child and the general stereotype of being an only child is that your parents spoil you rotten and give you all of their attention. For me it was the opposite, my parents were older when they had me and early on in my life I could tell they were never interested in becoming parents. I was on my own most of the time, my mom was always with her friends and my dad was out in the garage by himself working on cars, getting drunk. The only interaction I had with them was my dad hitting me and criticizing me, putting me down and my mom taking his side. I didn't have any friends and kids parents at school didn't really like my parents because they weren't (and still aren't) nice people. I was alone all the time as a child and I'm alone all the time now. I'm sick of hearing "you need to love yourself and accept being alone, go to things alone, travel alone it's great etc. etc." no I'm fucking sick of being alone and having social anxiety, it's terrible and makes me want to kill myself. I wish I had friends who cared about me. I wish I had a boyfriend who gave a shit about my feelings and gave me love and affection, especially when I have so much to give back. But even in a group of people I feel singled out, I can't communicate, I can't relate, I close up and feel awkward. The last time I went to a social even was when some of my coworkers went bowling and I went along. I maybe laughed a couple times and answered a question someone asked but I barely talked. Even after three beers I was still an anxious mess and went straight home afterwards instead of out to eat like everyone else. I just feel like I can't do anything about my situation anymore, like there's no helping me.

I was shy and scared as a kid and now I'm shy and scared and depressed as an adult. My life is a living hell. I don't even think I should try anymore. There's no point.

Therapy doesn't help and never has. I'm too cynical for it to be effective anymore. You think I'm a great person and you're proud of me? great, I'm paying you to tell me that. You're sorry to hear about what I've been through? thanks, but that doesn't make me feel better. You want me to go out more? I would if I had the money, energy, confidence or time. I would if I had friends. You want me to write down things that I like about myself? I don't like anything about myself. No, I'm not going to try meditation or put more pills into my body. It's all bullshit and generic advice. It's just one big business. It's why I don't take the field seriously anymore.

I feel like death is really my only option at this point to get myself out of this constant mental suffering. Part of it is depression, the other half is my situation. I don't have any family or friends for emotional support and am not attractive, outgoing or interesting enough to be a part of society. I have nothing to contribute and nothing to look forward to. I can't even count on both hands how many times I've driven to an empty parking lot in the past year and a half just to cry so I wouldn't disturb my roommates. I remember calling a crisis hotline several times and it never being helpful. I'm sick of messaging people on here only to have them not message me back. Honestly, though, talking about my problems doesn't solve them or make me feel better, so I kind of dont understand the point of talking, either. I'm sick of going through all this suffering. I'm a negative, shallow waste of a person and shouldn't be here, and of course, the world wouldn't be affected by me being gone. Everyone would forget about me in a week, maybe a week in a half or two weeks. I'm done trying to improve my situation, I feel like death is the only option I have left. 