i'm losing control.im a seventeen year old girl &amp; i've had mental health issues for the better part of my life. in the past five(ish) years, i've self harmed fairly consistently &amp; attempted suicide using various methods upwards of eight times. things got a bit better last year but i've been going through a rough patch recently. i'm in my junior year of high school and my stress levels have been through the roof. i need to get good grades to get into a good college and knowing that this is the year that could potentially make or break the rest of my life terrifies me. my grades are decent in three out of four of my classes but i'm taking APUSH (AP US History for those who don't know) &amp; it's killing me. my grade in that class has fluctuated so much and as of right now, it's only going down. my grade app updated during class this morning and said that my APUSH grade was a 59. the grade has since gone up to a 61 but that just isn't good enough. i need to pass the class with a c at the very least, preferably higher. i cried for an hour in class. to make everything worse, my anxiety levels have been skyrocketing. i can't eat, i can't sleep, and when i do, i  have nightmares about school. a few nights ago i dreamt that my gpa dropped to a 1.0 &amp; i could not stop crying when i woke up. i cry so much. i'm not sure exactly how long i've been clean from self harm but i'm so close to starting back up again. every single day, i think about how all of the stress would be gone if i kill myself &amp; i'm scared that i may actually do it. i have started doing reckless stuff like drinking excessively and walking across streets while the light is green  traffic because i just don't care about what happens to me anymore. i know that i'm being selfish and that i can't just kill myself when a class gets hard but regardless, i'm so close to doing something drastic. i can feel everything spiraling out of control; my grades, my mental health, my entire life. i just don't know what to do anymore. 