Dear reader, I think this may be the worst update post. (re'd for safety)Dear reader, I think this may be the worst update post.

I am surprised I made it this far in life. I turned sixteen yesterday. I don't feel like I've made it very far at all, but still, it feels pretty far. For much of my teenage and even childhood years I felt depressed. I'm still feeling depressed. It feels selfish of me to feel so depressed. I've been a bit more productive lately and I hope it continues. I'm trying to take care of myself despite my family's efforts to hold me down. I still have my friend and my boyfriend. Both tend to be busy with college and I feel jealous. I wonder if I'll make it to my twenties like my boyfriend or even the next two years like my friend. 

It's funny. Why do I hate my life? Why do I have this burning urge to just end it? End it all. I can't seem to help it. It doesn't have to be suicide. I spiral down. I just want to destroy. I have to stop myself from throwing away everything or deleting everything I've ever drew, wrote, or sent - and even then I can fail at times. I wonder what that means for me and my efforts to make a future for myself. It's come to others, too. I think that's what really scares me, the times when I can't decide if a thought is intrusive or a desire. The desire to destroy is probably, just that, a desire, though, most likely. I was thinking the other day. I think yesterday on my birthday. I've always been kind of edgy and I don't know why. Usually that's just some weird teen stuff. I've always been just this edge lord kid I suppose. I can't really defend myself there. It doesn't even fit my personality, like, when people get close to me and say I'm so thoughtful and stuff, it just confuses me. Compliments feel weird. I'm constantly battling if I want to be the villain to my own story or not.

I remember when I was younger coming home from going out to eat. I went to the Dollar Tree and saw a pair of kid's scissors, and I got the thought that I could stab someone without anyone being able to stop me because I was too fast and small. It would just happen - consequences would have to come after it already did. It really scared me. I asked my mom why I thought of those things. I don't remember her answer. Realizing that now, though, I appreciate that I did remember that. That says to me that something's been up for a long time and I can't just blame my current situation for it.

So there's me, and it's intrusive, and I don't like it. It's scary and weird. I freak myself out. I can't stop thinking about such horrible things, trying to mind my own business and I'm just filled with terrible things I don't want to think about. Then there's me, and I want to calm down, because it's good and it's fine. Maybe I'm just destined to be the bad person I never wanted to be and that's my place. Then there's me, no, I'm good and people are good, and I want to help people, and I want to be a kind, good, good, good, and only good person. Then there's me, "No. Not you."

I'm not really sure what point I'm trying to make here. I'm just rambling whatever comes to mind. I really need a therapist. I miss people. I miss so many people I can't find or contact anymore. They probably don't even remember me. After years of trying to be some stalking creep, I just want to give up on finding usernames at this point, but I can't seem to. It ruins me. It eats me inside. They don't want to be friends. It was so long ago. I don't even want to be friends anymore. I just want closure. I want everything to be perfect. Hi. Name. Not. Your. Friend. Anymore. Goodbye. End. That's not how it happens! 

I'm tired in a dreamy way. I think I have potential. Why do I want to ruin it? Why do I do this? Why do I want to ruin my life before it's really started? I feel so old but I'm so young. I would panic at the sight of blood and all I want to do is cut myself. I need to stop staring into space when people are waiting for me to respond to their messages. But I message too much, too fast. I'm annoying. I'm annoying. I'm annoying. I'm annoying. I don't want to hate people. I just don't understand them, but I want them to like me. I feel like a dog, chasing, chasing, chasing somebody. Will it be enough? No. Affection! Ding-ding! It's a lie. No one actually cares about you, Classick. No one cares. Not even yourself about yourself.

So am I getting better? I don't know. I need to take my Zoloft on time. It's getting late. I think I won't die tonight. I really want to. I have self control when it comes to that, though, the blood. Slamming my head into the wall not so much. Not sure where to go from here. Still holding on. Keeping my promises.