I stay alive for my catsThat’s about it. I have my own indoor cat. I also feed the feral cats in my backyard. I know I shouldn’t. I make sure they have plenty of food, water, and shelter.

When I feed them and sit by them, making sure they look healthy while I keep my distance, that’s one of the only times I don’t have the thought to kill myself repeating on a loop.

I hate my job. Not really because of the job itself, but because I just feel so fucking empty. It’s a white collar job that I have the skills for. But now I’m just running in place for nothing. Get more done, work smarter, be more efficient. We can take on more projects, this email should only take 5 minutes to write so why is it taking so long, can you help out the team by taking on these responsibilities, why do you have such a backlog of tasks, of course you can always come to me and ask for help.

Meanwhile, the industry churns along. Money and demands going back and forth, and just a push to always get it done faster for the pure efficiency of it until everyone is ground into dust. Sometimes the industry does good for their customers, on the occasions where they can make that good profitable.

I always wanted to help people. The only times I’ve felt satisfaction at a days’ work are when I volunteer in my spare time, primarily working with elderly people. I want to do a career switch, but I live in an expensive area and go paycheck to paycheck as it is. Moving would be incredibly difficult for the same reason. 

I’m fully aware that these problems are very tangible, suicide isn’t the solution, etc. I keep feeling my thoughts sliding from the idle intrusive thought into fantasizing the ways. 

I had to go to urgent care yesterday because I keep picking at my skin and causing infections. There are two holes the size of dimes on my breast from opening and reopening an infected ulcer. Luckily no severe infection, but the doctor told me since I got to the fat layer, it will almost certainly scar (he gave me antibiotic ointment too, so I’m fine on that front). The shitty thing is that I was almost hoping for a staph infection, that I could be physically sick and have an excuse just to rest without having to tell anyone how I feel.

I’m mad at myself for being so miserable with where I am, mad for allowing it for so long. I swing back and forth from “oh this may be hospital-worthy” to “shut up you pathetic lazy fucking cunt, you’re just looking for excuses to not work.”

I don’t really have a conclusion for this. I don’t expect anyone to read this far tbh. I just wanted to make it tangible to admit an issue, I guess. I already have a therapist, I’m making improvements, and I’m on medication that is actually working better than what I was before. The irony is that my medication actually gave me insight and coherence to realize how fucked I really am.