I Won't Make It AnywaysThere's really no point in carrying on for me. If I were to try to live on my own, I'd die purely out of lack of will to do what I must to keep myself alive. History has shown that because of this, I can't finish school or hold a job. I just straight up don't care if I die, and the only reason I do the bare minimum like eating is because there's food already in the fridge. So what am I gonna do? I can't live with my parents forever; they want to retire someday. I can't live with my friends forever; they want to get married and have kids. I can't get married; I've already shown that I don't even have the will to maintain a relationship. So eventually I'll be on my own, and when that happens, I'm good as dead. So I should just kill myself now and save everyone the pain of watching me waste away over time. But how could I even do it? It's not like I could go through with something so drastic like overdosing, dying of alcohol poisoning, or hanging myself. If I can't even muster the energy to do things to keep myself alive, then how would I be able to muster the energy to prepare my method of death? I'm just so tired and hopeless all the time.

The one idea I had is that I'd just walk out the house, down the street, and just keep going until I can't go anymore and I fall over, and from there I just rot to death. I think I could muster that. Even though I haven't left my bed (outside of going to the fridge and the bathroom) in over a week, back in the day, I used to be able to walk obscene distances. Like, I could walk from miles and miles, hours upon hours, and my feet wouldn't get sore at all. Of course, at this point, I don't even know how far I would get before I'd fall from exhaustion. I might not be able to even get out of the house.

I don't know what to do. Going on seems like a pointless task (and I'm barely even "going on" as is), but saying gg and quitting the game doesn't seem like it'll be possible either. So I'm just left here rotting, but everyone's trying to get me to go out and improve my life. But I'm too tired and as soon as they stop dragging me, the momentum stops, and it always surprises them. I don't know why. Fuck, I can't keep going like this. I wish I could just hit a button like in video games that would just let me "Exit".