I dont want to live anymoreI can't do this anymore...I want to die. I've wanted to die for the last 6 years but I think I'm finally going to bring myself to do it. Too lazy to explain everything so here's my letter:

I love you, Sarah. I have so much love for you, and I’m not sure how to show you... I messed up all of last year, and I can’t apologize enough. After talking to you for a week last year, I told Marcus that I wanted to marry you. It seems kinda silly, but I really meant it even though you weren’t giving me the light of day back then. Thank you, Sarah, thank you for loving me when I never loved myself. Thank you for putting up with me. You are the best thing that’s happened to me, and I can’t thank you enough. It’s been 5 months, so it’s probably time for me to move on. But I can’t...I keep coming back to you, but I’m scared I’m going to hurt you, so I back away, and that just ends up hurting you. I’m not going to hurt you anymore. The last 6 years have been really rough. Every day is a struggle, a struggle to get out of bed, a struggle to live. I honestly don’t even know who I am anymore. A stupid image of someone I wish I was, but I can only pretend. It’s been a long 6 years, and I don’t know what to do anymore. They say time heals everything, but I would’ve thought 6 years should’ve been more than enough. There have been some good points tho. You. You saved me when I was at my deepest. You came in like a superhero and saved me when alone about to die. You loved me when I didn’t deserve to be loved, so I’m sorry all of that is going to waste now. If I were to describe the world in one word, it would probably be “cold.” Everything seems grey, and I have no idea what I’m even doing. When you’re little, you always say, “I’m so excited to grow up,” but I wish I could be a kid again. Maybe I will be now. There was a time when I never thought I would live to see 18, but here I am. Now I’m not sure I’ll be alive in a year. I don’t think I have a future anymore, nor do I want one. You said you wanted to stop talking because it wasn’t healthy and I understand it. The only thing that’s worse than losing someone you loved is losing a friend. I guess I thought that we would still be friends when we broke up, but that’s obviously not the case. Every time I’ve been close to killing myself, I would stop myself because I know it would put you in pain. I know I promised you 15 years together, but I don’t think I can keep that promise anymore. We made a lot of promises to each other the last year, and I don’t think I’ll be able to hold up my end of things... I’m sorry, I don’t want you to cry or be sad. Instead, try to be happy because I’m going to be happier now. Maybe I go to hell, or perhaps get a redo at life, but whatever happens, can’t be worse than my life right now. I don’t want anyone to blame themselves, and I don’t blame anyone. It’s my decision and my decision alone. I just want everyone to stay happy or be happier. I’m not there to be a burden or annoy anyone anymore. I won’t be there to make you sad, and I won’t be there to get in your way anymore. I love you so much, Sarah. Thank you for making my life better:) even if it was just for a little bit.