Overheard my mom talking shit about me on the phoneI can’t say I’m surprised. As soon as we get into a fight (or even in the days after), she always feels the need to call people up and tell them how “awful” and “selfish” I am. She just loves making people feel bad for her and making herself out to be the victim. 

Here’s the part I heard (talking about me): “(My name) just wants me to spend the rest of my life alone, and she doesn’t care about my feelings.” 

Why did she say this you might ask? Because I told her it was pretty shitty of her to leave me at home alone all weekend every weekend (and sometimes during the week) when I was 15, so that she could go visit my (soon to be ex) stepdad. He lives 1.5 hours away, so it’s not like she could just come home if I needed her. I was completely and utterly alone so many times, and wasn’t even old enough to drive. Also, this took place only a year after my father committed suicide and went on for maybe a little more than a year. 

Apparently me pointing out how badly that hurt me is “being selfish and wanting her to be alone for the rest of her life.” No, you fucking dumbass. It’s just kinda hard being 15 and being abandoned by your only parent right after the suicide of your other one. I think anyone with half a brain and at least some love for their child could see that. 

Whenever I bring it up, she blames me or deflects to something else. In the past, she was pretty physically abusive and I can recall her choking me on two separate occasions, and she’s hit me more times than I can count. She’s constantly insulting me and tearing me down, and I’m sick of it. 

I’m just done. My dad was the best parent when he was well. He was such a good man. And now I’m left with this uncaring drama queen of a mom whose whole life revolves around having a pity party for herself and not giving a shit about anyone but herself. 

The only thing keeping me alive right now is the fact I’ll be 18 this month. When I turn 18, I’m going to inherit a decent amount of money left to me from my grandpa. My mom told me that I should give her the money to help her with her divorce right now, and she’ll pay me back later. Well, that’s not fucking happening. I’m taking the money, and I’m leaving to go somewhere. I can’t be around this toxic woman anymore. Maybe once I blow through it I’ll take my life, but we’ll just have to see. 

And if I do take my life, I’ll make a detailed account of all the horrible things she did that contributed to my suicide so that everyone will know how awful she truly is. That way she won’t be able to milk it for more pity either. What a heartless bitch. 
