CheatingMy wife and I have been married for seven years. I was recently deployed and we got into a big argument about something petty. At some point, I told her that I was better than her and could do better. She was devastated and mentioned her being done with me. We talked it out and I apologized a lot. I thought we were better and we started talking to each other like normal. At this point, she joined Plenty of Fish (POF) and after sifting through a bunch of men, she found one whose personality she liked. They started talking and this led to her calling him on his phone. They started a relationship while she continued talking to me while I assumed everything was normal. She was (and still is) visiting family with our daughter while I was deployed but came down to visit me since our kid is still in school. After she left, I went into one of her emails because I was resetting an account and then found the POF emails. After getting into that account, I saw the name and recognized it from Facebook. I started piecing together everything and confronted her on the phone. After she admitted to talking to him, sexting him while we were clothes shopping as a family and while I was sleeping, she refused to stop talking to him. I don't want to divorce my wife, because prior to this we were best friends and she is the only woman I have ever felt that I truly loved romantically. She refuses to stop talking to him and is afraid of giving me 100% of her emotionally and though I have pleaded with her, she keeps saying that she needs time to think without me mentioning our relationship. It's honestly all that's on my mind and I feel that I'm falling into depression. I've been losing weight, losing motivation to workout, and have had some pretty dark thoughts. I continue to try and save face at work because I don't want anyone else to know and can't talk to family in case we're able to work this out. I'm starting to see a therapist, but I still feel like the one person in my life who is supposed to always love me doesn't love me. She doesn't even know if she wants to stay together and has told me that if I pressure her for an answer sooner, her answer will be "no". Sorry if this post is somewhat convoluted, but I'm just pouring out my thoughts onto the keyboard. But my mind keeps going to suicide, and I want to stay strong for my daughter, but I'm afraid that I'm going to lose this and can't mention it to my counselor or else I will be confined for my own safety.