So why continue?Ever since middle school I have wanted to commit suicide. It's not gotten better. I am in my final stretch of school at college. I just want to end it. My logic has shifted from I hate myself because I am an awful person who doesn't deserve to live to what's the point of living? I figured it out I am just like everyone else. We all have problems and we all have things we are good at and bad at. That's fine. There's no reason why I should hate myself. But I do. Every action I take causes me more sadness then happiness. And the happiness I do attain never lasts more than a few days. I've tried medication and it makes everything worse. Much worse. What's the point of continuing on if the moments of happiness in life are drowned out by the sadness I feel of every day life. I come into the world alone, I go out alone. I have a loving family &amp; caring friends. I've a bright future and I have almost a hundred grand to my name without so much as raising a finger to attain it. I can't enjoy any of that. Instead I focus on the fact that I can't enjoy it. I focus on everything I do that's wrong, regrettable past actions, and why must I be hurtful towards anything I care about, even if it's in jest. I can be one of the nicest people, and that's fine. In fact I like making people happy because since I can't enjoy being happy at least I can window shop and watch your happiness. What's the point of carrying on though? It's as if everything I eat turns to ash. The only reason I've not killed myself just yet is because it's selfish and hurtful towards the people I care about. I had a fairly disturbing thought process recently. 'You always go out of your way for others. Do something for yourself, something you've wanted since middle school. Kill yourself.' I realize now that my preferred method for selfinflicted death is gunshot to the head. Anything else would give me too much of a hesitation. I have plenty to live for. I don't want too. I spend too much effort trying to accomplish my goals for things could make me happy. I'm tired of trying to be happy and failing constantly. I can't make a moment of happiness last when I have an ocean of painful things to remember or harp on. Even if it's not from that ocean, I can look at other perspectives of my life and be disappointed in myself. Ignoring the introspective causes of depression in my life another source is the complete meaningless of my life. I work semi-hard to attain certain goals and values and once completed the joy is rather limited but still existent. However I am tired, I am tired of work at the age of 22. The rest of my life will be filled with nothing but work till I retire. Wake up, work, sleep. Repeat. Why? That's such a mind numbing task to endure for the rest of my for see able future. It's definitely not something to look forward too. I don't want to be alive if I am going to be forced to work for the rest of my life.
Fun fact I've been commited to the hospital for self harm in fifth grade and have attempted suicide four times my last attempt being senior of highschool. I used to cut myself. I've been put on antidepressants three times all with no real effect. I was offered to moderate this place a while back. I said no because this was gonna be hard to tell other people you should be alive when I didn't want to. Of course the reason I gave MWM for my decline was that this place was far too depressing.


TL;DR The emotions caused by the negatives of life outweigh the emotions by the positive. So why carry on? I want to stop putting effort into being alive. It's far too much work and appears to have little to no pay off.