Some people are truly better off dead, and other people are truly better off with those being dead.Hehehehehehehehhehh.........

you heard me. nothing wrong with that. It's probably only social taboo or some shit that people won't admit this in public or in front of others, they'll encourage us to live on whatever shit it is. And behind the backs, those same people will ignore us once the problem of suicide is gone, they'll let themselves off the hook and go on with their normal lives often which causes the guilt of the survivor to worsen.

Yeah, that's right too. The reason some people commit suicide will  always have other people in it. think of it. unless you're in extreme physical pain due to some terminal illness or shit, why would you want to go. other animals don't commit suicide. They don't even know the concept of suicide and they're in more pain than you in any given moment. You're human. there's nothing in this world more powerful than you, still you want to go. Whatever the reason maybe, it's something that's like you controlling your lives it involves other people always. So whenever a person in the world dies somewhere by his own hand, maybe you're one part of it too. They'all &amp; you'all just might not be aware of it, that's all. 

You can give me one reason to live, I can give you a 100 not to live me. fact is my botched suicide attempt coincides with the time the list was equal 50-50. nowadays the list of why I must die right now is so bigg it's like a paradox in itself. I can't die because one death won't cut it, need a thousand or so deaths to make up which I can't. I just wish they'd make it easy for suicidal people to go, 

Anyways. century ago only, people were dying to have each other's blood on their hands, they were so close many times to have the world annihilated in nuclear fire. and now they pretend to be so caring, ooh soo gentle, "please don't kill yourself baby we all love u"' yeah right. comical laugh.

I wish some sort of closure. People atleast admit what I'm saying is right. atleast say yes you're right we're sorry but still you've to go. Then I'll go in peace, don't want to bother my soul hanging around on earth for that also. Half of world's problems will be gone if people let those who want to die, suicide. And please find a good way to do it, not much asking for.