Depressive and suicidal liar looking for advice I guessHello everybody,
I am making this post because I have no idea what I should do.
My situation is that I am depressed and suicidal and next to that also an almost perfect liar. 
When I was young I was bullied because I am fat and had no single friend till I was around 13/14 years old. At that moment is was in school and got into gaming. School was easy for me and never had to learn a single thing to get a good grade. I got lazy this way. When I finished middle school I had to choose a direction of work I wanted to study for. I made a poor choice and already quit the study after a month. At this period I also got problems with my body because I was and am way to heavy. I had some surgeries and everything looked fine from the outside. However, I was feeling down all the time, I never talked with my friends anymore because they were studying and doing other stuff then gaming. I got isolated. The next year of school I started with a other study and fell in love with it. However, there were some problems. First, I am not a technical genius. To be fair, I suck at it and this study has quite some technical shit in there. So naturally, the lazy me, thought it would all be fine and didn’t study at all as always. However I failed al the theoretical parts about physics, chemistry and biology. Next to that, the isolated me, wasn’t able to make friends because I was completely withdrawn. I didn’t want to trouble my parents with this problem and started lying about how everything was going. I also moved out of my parents place for this study by the way. This way they couldn’t see what was going on, and when I was home I lied about everything. After a few months into the study I made one friend and we hit it off. But the stupid me also lied to him about almost everything. He is a great guy but I feel bad about lying to him and to my parents. I still always feel down and nowadays also started thinking about suicide a lot. I am afraid to confront my family and my friend about my lies. This is because almost everything is a lie. I won’t be the guy who they think I am and this scares the shit out of me. Next to that I am now in my second year and now I am forced of the study because I failed the tests about physics etc. So now I feel like a total dipshit, that is completely useless, a huge liar and that the persons around me would be better off without me.
I started talking to shrink but even to him I lie about a lot of stuff and it doesn’t help me at all because of it. 
I just wanted someone to hear my whole story, and maybe even give me advise. I don’t see a bright future for myself, and thus with other reasons ass well think I am going to commit suicide someday. I haven’t done it because I don’t want my family and only friend I have to go through the emotional pain.
Thank you for reading this in advance.
Sorry for my poor Engelish, it is not my native language.
