Just venting about my life, I guess.I'm half-Japanese, half white. I don't know who my biological father is. My mother divorced with him, because he was racist. 

My step dad is Japanese and my siblings are related to him. So I'm only half related to my siblings. Apparently I look quite different from them. 
 
Apparently I'm considered attractive, I don't think of myself as attractive though. 
I have a habit of scratching and picking at my face when I'm stressed or bored. I now have scars and such on all over my face, that makes me hate myself even more. 
 
I loathe my younger self. I used to be able to memorize stuff just by reading and get high grades without studying. I lost that ability in high school and now, I'm a college student that doesn't know how to study and has failed two terms already. My parents expect me to be like my younger self and are always disappointed in me now that I don't live up to the expectations the younger me set. 
My parents say I don't study enough. That I clearly underestimate the amount of studying that's needed and that everyone studies more than I do. I'm very much aware of that but I don't know how to study because I never had to study. I've tried many study tips and types I've seen, but they've never worked for me. 
I'm in a two year college program and my mom is pressuring me, saying I have to graduate in two years. Today I found out I failed the first term and need to retake it, I haven't told my parents yet. 

I don't know what I want to do in life. 
I lose interest in stuff very quickly so I'm afraid of having to choose a field and sticking to that. The college program I'm in currently, I didn't choose because I wanted to do it. I wasn't even expecting to get accepted into it but I somehow did and my parents aren't letting me change it unless I find another program or field that can earn me a living.

 I'm tired. 
I just want to stop existing and restart my life. 
The only thing stopping me from ending my life is my cat who loves me the most out of my whole family. He follows me everywhere in the house and waits for me outside the door when I'm taking a shower or such. He meows for me and sleeps on my bed when I'm not at home with him, according to my family. 
However, I think I'm at a breaking point. I just can't handle anything more than what I am currently handling. My headache hasn't stopped for months, my stomachache hasn't ended in years. I haven't felt happy or relaxed since I was ten or something. I don't want to do anything. I just want to die in my sleep so I don't feel guilty that I committed suicide and I don't annoy anyone for dying.