I tried to end it all and probably died, but here I am. Alive!I wanted my first post to be something meaningful. So I’m gonna tell you about the time I tried to end it all.......About two years ago I tried taking my life. I never knew I’d get that low ever, and I didn’t think I could find a way out that wasn’t death. So I decided if I was going to die I was going to do it, I was gonna feel amazing. I worked hard for 2 months on my job to afford the drugs I need for that special night. I ended up picking a date which was my 20th birthday. I bought 8 grams of weed, 12 Xanax, 4 Percocet 30s, I had penicillin, 2 oxy pills, a pint of crown apple, and 4 adderall pills. I wanted to feel my pain slowly seep away as the drugs relaxed my body and took my pain away. I knew I didn’t want my body to rot so I parked outside of a local hospital to be found. I was gonna start it all as soon as the clock struck 12. But before I could pop my first pill, my ex and probably my soulmate called. Ya know her presence on that FaceTime call reminded me people out there care, and she actually proceeded in that call to tell me how much I mattered as a person. So after that call I had to delay my plans, I couldn’t have her going through life letting her believe she was the reason I committed suicide. So later that day I go to my hideout do as many drugs possible and head home. Before I could even get home everything hit me at once. I walk in and before I could get to my room I vomited all over myself and collapsed in the living room. There I was, finally close to getting what I wanted, ya know going in and out of consciousness, and my body is lifeless as I’m laying in my own vomit. I wake up hours later in the ER, family all around me looking very concerned and asking me questions. I couldn’t bring myself to tell them it was a suicide attempt. Instead I lied and said I was just trying to celebrate my birthday. Hours later this doctor comes in, I ask my family to leave the room, and as he’s attending to me she tells me to keep it real and tell the truth. I tell him everything that happened from my past, all the way until that moment. He looks me in my eyes, grabbed my hands and politely tells me “you matter” those words alone gave me the courage to fight my demons. He lets me know he’s the father of one of my old friends, and tells me I can come to him whenever I need to talk. It’s not everyday you’re offered free therapy sessions so I didn’t say no. I think in that moment he kind of saved my life. I just had to get this out there and let the people know that there is someone out there that cares. Just stick around a little longer and you will find them. I promise you life is worth living. Someone once told me “you’re right where you need to be”, and that shit sticks with me. And even though I still have those urges I know that there are people out there that matter