Ramblings of a mad man!I'm a man in my mid 20s and i am struggling to find reasons to continue on living, I've been struggling with depression for the past 5 years or so and even though I've thought about suicide in the past, i never really thought i could go through with it, but lately it seems like I am running out of options and if things don't change soon then...

The depression really started when i put on weight while at university, I blamed my weight for everything that was wrong with me, it was the reason i had lost my confidence and my ability to talk to girls, play sports, etc.. 
After two years of self pity, i finnally decided to do something about it and i managed to lose 80lbs over one summer which brought my bmi right back down to normal levels, i felt great, everyone was telling me how good i looked and people still tell me this today, which is one of the only sources of joy i experience anymore, sad i know. When i lost the weight, i was proud of myself and felt things were gonna change, i knew i wouldnt get my confidence back right away but felt in time i would. 

That was almost two years ago now and not a whole lot has changed, i'm more depressed than ever right now, While all my friends seem to be moving on and getting girlfriends, i am still lonely, back home living with my parents, where i spend most of my free time in my room alone. I always thought that being overweight was the source of my unhappiness but now that my weight is no longer an issue, i cant help but blame myself, i don't know whats wrong with me but i hate the person i have become, i spend every minute of every day analyzing every look and comment that comes my way, worrying about what people think of me, wondering what they say about me when I am not there. I hate myself for being like this but i can't help it. Even writing this now, I'm terrified that someone i know will see it and somehow know that its me and then everyone will know how i really feel.
 
Lately it seems like some cracks are starting to show, It's becoming harder to hide, i seem to be losing my temper and getting angrier with everyone around me and i'm thinking about just cutting all of my friends out of my life, i cant talk to them anymore without worrying that they'll find out how unhappy i am, I don't want pity from anyone, i cant stand the look in peoples eyes when they feel pity on you. Sorry bit of rant but i just thought id try getting this off my chest to see if it could help in some way.