Sorry to be a botherI saw how many people are posting on here and I realized that me posting on here is probably more of a task than a choice but seeing as I'm already writing I might as well finish. This isn't a cry for help. This is where I'm posting my note because I plan on overdosing and I don't want people finding my note untill it's already too late. I have all I need here with me and in a couple hours it'll all be over. Please understand that I want this. I've tried before and I realized I'll keep trying untill I physically can't. So, here's my note, one of many drafted notes but my final and "official note": Hey everyone, If you can read this and you clicked the link I posted know that it's too late. I'm somewhere you won't be able to find me and I've already ingested a fatal amount of meds. I know it'll be hard for some of you and for that I'm sorry. I already cut off my communication with most of you for months so this wouldn't be so hard and as for the people who've stuck by me all this time I'd like to thank you. I couldn't have asked for better friends and I'm sorry our friendship has to end like this. For anyone who asked about my life I'm sorry for lying. I'm sorry for saying "I could be worse" or brushing off the question with a simple "good hbu?". I'm sorry Mom and Dad and Shay. I know this will haunt you for years but please know I'm in a better place. To anyone I've ever had the pleasure of meeting, remember to follow your dreams and to forgive always, I know it's cliche as heck but that's honestly the best advice I can think of at the moment. To the people I've hurt, I am so sorry. I hope you'll be able to forgive me, you know who you are. I'm tired of hurting. I'm tired of being hurt. I don't want to breathe, feel, love, cry, feel. Life isn't beautiful, life is a curse we're all stuck with, it just depends on how we cope with it and now you all know my choice. I love you guys. Bye. 

P.S. I won't be checking/ replying to comments. I already made it clear this is just for posting the note.