What difference does it makeI wonder if anyone in any other generation has hated their world as much as I do. Everything fills me with an inconsolate rage, most especially myself. 

Why bother with details. Un jeune homme instable. Bourgeois hunk-of-shit liberal arts major. Aimless, shiftless and fundamentally alone.

I am writing this on my phone, in between the errands of an empty existence.  A lady in front of me at the grocery looks back and a brief flicker of contempt (or is it pity) dances across her face before she can look away. My keys have already dug deep inside my palm, I clench my fist and the teeth draw fresh blood.  I'm tired. Tired especially of hiding my sadness, my anger. Why should I hide it with a smile any longer? I'm a wounded beast, I should wear my heart on my sleeve. 

My illness is genetic. I'm already deeply troubled and I'm young. Younger yet than when most people like me suffer their first schizoid break. That possible eventuality hangs over me like the sword of Damocles. It's been a while since I first started having suicidal thoughts, at least since puberty, but all the time in the world can prepare you for how loud the soft insistence of a suicidal mind can be. 

In this existential prison we call America, it seems to me that our fellow captives oppress us far more than even the most overt domineer. I watch my peers as they shuffle through the motions of life like automatons. Normality is no longer something I crave. I guess neither is happiness for that matter. Why are they so satisfied with their lives. I'd rather sit here with my broken brain; a schizoid knife cutting through strings of false conciousness to reveal how pathetic our collective existence is. I refuse to revel in my mediocrity. 

Drugs don't work. Therapy is for people who want to reconcile their differences with reality. I do not. I want to take the only agency I have, to reject all this bullshit and kill myself.

I'm sorry for this. It sounds so entitled that I'm disgusted with myself. I guess I just needed something to talk to. I'm gonna call the Hotline for the third time this week and try to summon the nerve to make it another a day. 