The aftermath of a suicide - please readI know so many of you are hurting. But I need you to know something. The aftermath of a suicide is like nothing you could possibly imagine. Tomorrow will be 3 months since we buried our 17 year old son. He was the second of 5 children. He suffered from depression and anxiety, had had multiple hospitalizations, meds and doctors. We would have done anything he needed. In the months that have passed, our family has suffered more than anyone could fathom. My children cry themselves to sleep plenty of nights. My husband is a walking zombie. I cry around the clock and cannot function. I don’t judge a single one of you. I love you all and wish I could take your pain. But try....really truly try. Tell your parents, your loved ones and if they don’t help, keep trying. You have a purpose. What you may ask? To light the candle for others suffering. So they know they are not alone, not to blame for how they feel and that someday we will find a cure. You are NOT your depression. That is a separate beast that is stealing who you truly are. It isn’t different from cancer. Treatments are weak at this point, but we are all trying and fighting for you all. So no, don’t listen to depression telling you that you are a burden. No one is better off without your light. The world will forever change without your path. Yes, these are dark times, but suicide submerges All who love you (and although you don’t think so - again depression is tricking you) will suffer. And they will suffer for an eternity. But they won’t have a way out because they will see and experience the aftermath. I have mixed feelings about this forum. Some messages are loving, others are speaking via depression. I wish you spent a day with a survivor so that you saw the pain and suffering. And that it would allow you to understand that depression is your enemy. It’s tricking you and stealing you. But it is not you. Love you all. Tomorrow, 3 months out will be another day of hell while we battle our guilt, despair, failure, self hatred and pain of missing our son. That is the aftermath of a suicide. Every single one. I am a mother of an angel. Please try again today to find the strength to fight, if not for yourself - for the community of mothers, fathers, siblings, friends, grandparents, children and everyone who will never forgive themselves no matter what you write in a note. You cannot sum up a lifetime in these notes. You cannot understand that you were loved from the second you arrived with a love from so many that you are unaware would have taken your place to have you back here in an instant. 