Going bald is now another one of my problemsIn addition to everything else I’ve fucked up in my life, one thing, as shallow as it is, I’ve always been able to rely on my looks. Previously I was a 5’8, very fit, put together, pretty brunette and I hate to say it but with all my mental illnesses that I tried to hide for so long, my looks helped.

If you look at my past posts, you can see that there’s a world more Im dealing with and this just feels like the icing on the cake. I’m 26 female and fucking losing my hair due to stress. It’s visible. And it gets worse every day.

The optimist or kind person on this thread might say - find it within yourself to not care! To go out and be proud! With or without hair! But please be realistic, this is a seriously fucked up materialistic society. I’m going on job interviews now, and might be working with some of my old colleagues. I remember them ridiculing another person for putting on 5lbs and an older woman wearing a wig. I have no option of working in other industries. I have to go back to this very small one because of my degree where gossip spreads like wildfire, where everyone will ask me what the fuck happened to me and make fun of my baldness. Mind you, this is a “professional” work environment, in a fucking pharmaceutical corporate office, but looks still have their place. I already have severe social anxiety and me fucking losing my hair so noticeably really is taking its toll.

It hurts a mans ego to lose their hair at 26 - how many fucking females do??? It’s embarrassing, especially when I am already an empty shell of a personality.

Again, I hate how shallow this is but I never had to worry about my looks. Now I have to go back into a hostile environment I already hate, at an all time low with my mental health with fucking bald spots, I already hear the ridicule from old colleagues.  “She used to be so pretty, what happened”,  “haha she’s going bald now, she’s really fucked up her life”

Im tired. I’m not strong enough to fight both my inner demons, an existential crisis, an identity crisis with my personality, and an identity crisis with my appearance. Just fucking let me die.