Need advice on how to help my friend, she's been having a rough time and just mention suicideI need some advice on how to help one of my good friends. She has been having a really rough time for a while now, but she's gotten hit really hard with a couple of things in the last 6 months that have really made life a lot harder for her. She asked me to call her a little while ago and when I did she was crying and just spiraling out of control. She said that she has been feeling really paranoid lately, like she's a burden on everyone around her. She's been struggling with what I suspect are some psychological issues for a while now, and hasn't really gotten the help she needs. Today was the first time that she mentioned being depressed. She says that she cries all the time now and "it is a struggle everyday not to kill myself", and "if it weren't for my dogs I would have already done it, but I can't leave them". I have advised her for quite a while now to go get mental health counseling, and have offered to talk to her anytime she needs. Some of the issues that have happened in the last 6 months that I think really contributed to this are:

1. She got kicked out of school for poor grades
2. She is on the verge of filing bankruptcy (due to unpaid medical bills, student loans, and credit card debt)
3. One of her dogs has been ill recently and she still doesn't know the cause
4. Her brother moved away to another state
5. Her relationship with her boyfriend ended

What really complicates this are that:

A: She can barely make ends meet to support her debt/cost of living
B: She no longer gets free mental health services through the school as a student 
C: She is still working at the school that kicked her out, as a means to generate income until she figures out what she wants to do next which further reminds and reinforces that she is a "failure" 
D: She comes from a very unsupportive family (parents are divorced, narcissistic, and do not show a vested interest in helping and supporting their children.)

I know right now she is feeling really hopeless. She is in major debt, making barely enough to get by, has no idea where to go in terms of her career, and all of her direct family members are selfish or dealing with their own matters and have no time/energy to help. She doesn't have a lot of friends, and she believes the ones that she does have pity her/want to get rid of her. Some of the things that I have tried to do to help:

1. Encouraged her to seek counseling/psychiatric help
2. Reassured her that I'm her friend and I understand how she feels
3. Encouraged her to seek career counseling
4. Offered to talk to her anytime she needs to vent or talk to someone

Right now I'm just feeling really scared because I don't know how I can help. Each time I suggest going to the psychiatrist she says that she can't afford it. And now with the added cost of vet bills for her sick dog her monthly income is stretched even thinner than before. She keeps putting off looking for another job and filing for bankruptcy despite admittedly needing to do both of these things. If this were anyone else I would contact their family to try to get them to help her get the support she needs, but since her family is so selfish and disinterested I don't see how that is a viable option. So I'm asking for advice on where is go from here. Are there free/discounted mental health counseling services that I can refer her to? Are there local support groups she should look into? Should I be doing anything else as her friend to support her? I just feel like if she doesn't get help soon there is a chance that she might actually kill herself and I can't bare the thought of that. But I'm unsure of what I can do to help her.

Please any advice public or private is greatly appreciated.
