I don't know what to say reallyI guess I just want to get this off my chest and see if someone can give me a reason to go on. This post might sound like bullshit or exaggerated, but it's all true. I don't think there's any way I could prove this stuff though.

I was born with Aspergers, OCD and Depression. I've wanted to die for one reason or another every day of my life as far back as I can remember (I almost attempted suicide when I was six).

My family hates me. Both of my sisters would routinely bully me to the point of me wanting to die when I used to live at home. My mom and dad like to treat my problems as a joke and laugh at me for being "retarded" or "too much of a little bitch to get laid". I would be physically abused (chocked, beaten, head slammed into a wall) and had my problems laughed at (I remember being so sick I could barely stand and being told to stop ruining their nature walk). I was also molested by a neighbor. I told my parents, they either didn't believe me or didn't care, and he's been over to our house many times for holidays, events or dinners ever since.

The only thing I ever really enjoyed was video games but my mom refused to even consider letting me have any (even if I bought them with my own money no less!). She said I needed to spend all my time studying so I could get scholarships to college (and I was ten when this started). 

Congrats to me, I got a bunch of scholarships to a college I didn't want to go to, and now spend my days in college (year five) so busy I barely have time to do anything besides study. And it's all for a degree for a job that I hate so much I would rather die than have to do every day.

I have almost no friends, and the few I do are usually too busy to ever talk to me. I usually talk to them once a week at best.

I have no money, no social life, no romantic interest (I'm an asexual, sex disgusts me and so does romance), barely any friends and a family that hates me. I can look forward to a life of working a job I don't want to work until I get old enough to retire, retiring to an empty house with no friends or family, and then slowly watching myself get old and then die with no one around who loves or even cares about me. 