Crippled by stress and debt. Seriously considering ending it.Look at my previous post on r/cscareerquestions  


I'm crippled by debt and stress. I had an expensive operation done that showed everything was okay two days before being laid off. So now I owe this money they refuse to write off.   


I also owe about 6000 in credit card debt that I took on under the assumption that I'd be doing great by now. That doesn't include the 40k in student loans. I had managed to save up about 4k in savings when I held my job for 4 months. I was making a plan to get debt free in about 5 years. That was 2 months ago and I'm almost out of money.  


I thought I was doing great. I thought I was learning and getting ready to start a career in software development. Then my last interviews feedback basically told me I'm still just a tiny beginner. I didnt' work hard enough. I didn't put enough effort into it. Meanwhile a guy I graduated with is making 6 figures after two years.   


So my dreams of traveling are gone. My dreams of being debt free are gone. I can't get a job in my chosen field. The job I did have as a developer was a fluke. It was pure dumb luck. It was false hope for 4 months. Then it was taken from me. I was finally learning to be happy.

&amp;#x200B;

 I'll never succeed. My education was garbage and I owe a shit ton of money i'll never pay off.   


I literally can't not think of stress and debt at any given moment. I've lost all joy and can't relax. I'm literally physically crippled by these thoughts and can't escape them. When they do subside and I suddenly start thinking about it again, I feel like a suffocating wave wash over me. I just want it to stop.  


So, why should I suffer if I'm going to be poor the rest of my life? I made a real effort to get my shit together 5 years ago when I realized that, at 25, I had nothing and was working in a dead end minimum wage job. I decided to go back to school. Worst mistake of my life. I have something now. It's 50k in debt and nothing else.  


I really thought I'd be okay by now. I really thought what I was doing was right and that I was making a positive change in my life. I just turned 30 at the beginning of the month.  


All I want out of life is to travel the world. I'll never get that. So why should I continue? Isn't it better to live a short, happy life instead of a long one full of misery? If I'm gonna die anyway, I'd rather not suffer for another 30+ years. The only way i'm gonna stick around is if my debt goes away. That's not gonna happen. So why should I?