My family doesn't deserve the lump of shit I am. Why should I have the life I was given when I am worthless.I am a fucking loser. 

It's barely Thursday, and I already wish today was over. I don't care about anything anymore. It's almost painful how fucking apathetic I am. I don't care about work, school, rent, my medical bills. I am a shell of a person. I am going through the motions at this point, and have been for several years. I can't even write anymore. Everything comes out too stale, too emotionless. 

I use to be so good at shit. I use to write and win contests. I use to create. I use to imagine. I use to dream. Now all I can do is lay on my floor and sob to myself sometimes. Be a bother to my significant other. Be a bother to my parents. I can't even love anymore. I don't love anyone. I don't love my family, my friends. I am not sure I even have real friends anymore. I am the loneliest person and I can't even change that because I feel like every time I talk to someone that my words are fake. there is no connection anymore to any living thing. 

I should be dead. What am I contributing to mankind? I am a waste of space, using up valuable resources, taking a job that someone would be happy to have. Someone far more important than me deserves my space in my life. I am just utterly pathetic, pathetic, pathetic. 

My life is a joke that someone butchered and inserted the wrong punchline for. When I was born, I am sure my family fantasized about what an amazing person I would grow up to be. Instead, I am a below average piece of shit who can never afford rent. Who does sub-par at school. Who has been hospitalized because I once told someone all of this. I have done nothing extraordinary. If I were to die now, maybe they would still have that idealized vision of me, someone who had real potential. 

If I were to keep living, they would see what a complete and total failure I am, have been, and will be. I don't want them to see it. I don't want to let them down like that. I want to give them the child that they both deserved and thought they had for those few brief years. 

I know no one is going to read any of this shit, and that's fine. If I was someone else, I wouldn't give a shit about me either. Who would.
