Attempted suicide and failed. Now facing the aftermath of my actionsA little background of myself: I'm a man in his early twenties. I lost my best and only friend five years ago, and have been alone ever since. I've never had a girlfriend, a job, or haven't really left the confines of my bedroom for any reason, other than to go to class. The only form of happiness I have had in my life is an abuse of opiates for almost two years now.

Now for the really fucked up part. During this time my cousin, let's call her Brit, has made me feel loved more than anyone else in the world. She genuinely was the only one that seemed happy when I would walk through the door. She would love spending time with me, and I with her. I'm sure you're able to guess what's coming next. I fell in love with her. She is 8 years younger than me, and I have been fighting with myself 24/7, for around three years, about this fact. I have felt every negative emotion in the book, and this awful secret has torn me apart mentally. Between this secret and my growing opiate abuse, I lost sight of who I am. I am nothing but a monster in my own eyes. 

I have never once inappropriately touched Brit, she hasn't had a clue how I have felt. Until two days ago, when I downed 25 pain killers, and sent her a Facebook message detailing my feelings for her. I woke up 23 hours later, and immediately had a mental break-down. I logged on Facebook, and the only response I got was her blocking me. I broke down into a blubbering mess, and called my grandmother, unable to say anything other than I wanted to die. She had no idea why I was so upset, and spent 3 hours on the phone helping me to relax. 

Brit kept my awful secret to herself, and now the weight that has been crushing me is instead crushing her. I can't live with this fact, and I have no idea how to come to terms with what I've done. My grandmother told me today "I'm not sure what was said between you and Brit, but she is scared of you, and has gone off the deep end." I honestly cannot live with the fact that I hurt the person I've cared for more than anything. I've ruined this girl's life. I feel like I have no option other than to end my own. I tried once and failed, but ever since I woke up from my previous attempt, trying again has been the only thing on my mind. 

My family knows that I am depressed, and they all have been incredibly supportive. They are all I have, but I know I will lose the support of every member of my family if Brit tells. I want her to tell. I don't want this weight crushing her. I would gladly give my life so that she can be at ease. I don't know what to do.. I honestly don't want to die after having escaped a first time, but I feel as though it's the only option.