Just need to get it off my chest...I am so angry and disappointed with myself right now. I went through years of sexual abuse as a child and didn't tell anyone until my mid-20's. By then, I was in a long-term abusive relationship with a total sociopath, and it didn't seem to matter that I was miserable, because I had always felt that way. There had always been someone there to treat me like crap, so why not this guy too?
Back then, I got to the point where I wasn't eating or sleeping and decided I HAD to get into therapy. It was okay at best and ultimately I got up the courage to leave this guy and move as far away from him as possible.
That was 3 years ago. Since then, I have been too afraid of anyone to possibly consider having a relationship. Last summer, I went on a date and was incredibly nervous, so I kept drinking and drinking and before I knew it, we were back at his place and I had my first and only one night stand. Stupid, I know. I felt really sick a few days afterward and chalked it up to a cold or flu. I've since been wondering about these symptoms. This April, I found out I have HPV, so the odds of having HSV are likely high too. I'm too afraid to go get checked. The HPV was tough enough to deal with.
I know I did this to myself, but if I ruined what was left of my life with one stupid night, I don't know what I'll do.
I am disgusted with myself and have distanced myself from everyone I know. I don't feel worthy to have good friends and family to care about me. And I'm actually on meds right now for depression and insomnia at the highest doses and nothing is working. I've tried talking to therapists, but I feel that it's futile and I end up talking in circles.
I tried to kill myself when I was 10 years old and obviously didn't do it right. It's been almost 20 years later and I keep thinking things will get better, but things have actually gone the other direction. I can't help but feel that there's no hope for the future and I don't think anyone can convince me otherwise.
Anyway, even if no one reads this, at least it's out there and I feel slightly better just typing it all out.