What if my body wants me to die? (very long, but I need to find somebody who understands)I came so close to suicide today, but not like gun to my head, it was because I was driving my car and I'm having so much trouble and I started to speed up and thought about crashing. I've had suicidal thoughts for most of my life, but I'm really focused on fighting my depression because I could not put that pain on my family... and now I even have a fiance. 

I feel like my body is trying to torture me to death. I couldn't just get cancer or anything normal, I'm slowly developing allergies to foods, at this point I can't eat anything that contains or was made using corn or wheat/rye/barley. That means anything with corn syrup, corn starch... powdered sugar because it has corn starch, vegetable oil because it is usually has corn, and also garlic. Those are just the big ones, a lot of smaller ones have shown up in my allergy tests (like vanilla). It wouldn't seem so hard, but I also can't digest a lot of fiber so I can't eat most vegetables and fruits because its messes up my colon. On the other end of eating, I have problems going to the bathroom and its is horrifying and embarrassing, because these things called anal fissures usually tear when I'm passing stool. Its like I'm being anally raped by my own shit. It is so painful and I dread going to the bathroom. I used to love food of all kinda, and now I find it really hard to find food I can eat. 

I was coping well enough without food, because I have other things like art and dancing, but now I have a herniated disc in my lower back with no injury to cause it, and more than likely I have my family's cursed degenerative disc disorder. I've seen my sister suffer, she cannot bend and twist because of her injured discs and she cannot even tie her own shoes. She is never without pain and I've just started with my first 2 months of non-stop back pain. It makes it really hard for me to walk and I move like I'm 80. I cannot dance, and I'm having trouble working and making art with all the pain.

I'm 23 years old, and I don't think I can do much more of this. I secretly wish my whole family would perish in a non-painful way so I wouldn't have any requirement to stay on this earth in so much pain and humiliation. I've started leaking feces recently, and I hope it is just temporary nerve damage from the back injury, because I do not want to have to wear a diaper. Doctors cannot help me, because none of my ailments are curable (or even truly diagnosable). 

Most of the time I feel guilty and wrong for pitying myself because there are children with cancer and whole groups of people starving and dying of starvation... But honestly I would give up this life of starving in America surrounded by food I crave like pizza and cakes to starve to death in a village in Africa where everybody understands how much pain I'm in.