Here we go againI'm 41. Single day of 2 amazing kids, 6 and 5. I have them with me after the divorce. Thats the only reason why I'm not dead. 

Ive been depressed for years. In and out of counseling. I have PTSD (not combat related). During this time of year, and I think its because of the trauma of the breakup of my marriage, I absolutely lose it. This is the 2nd year its happened. I begin to not be able to make it to work. I get the kids up and off to school, get ready, and drive there. Sometimes I just cant make it inside or if I do I cant stay all day. I was out last year for almost 2 months straight. So of course, I'll have no money to compound my issues. Today is one of those days where I cant make it inside. 

When I woke up I was tired and angry. My sweet little girl didn't want to put on jeans. So I flipped my shit and yelled when I should have just got her the pants she wanted. I felt like such a piece of shit. I talked to her after and she was okay, but I basically woke her up and made her cry and now I'm going to have to deal with weighing on me. She didnt deserve it.

I try really hard but I just get so angry. Their mom is supposed to have the kids. On paper I get weekwnds only. But she chose to be with a child (20 when she is 38) over her own kids. Of course, I take the kids and I need them because they keep me alive. But she offers no help. Just a hard way to go. When my brain breaks down she wont help with the kids. And it makes me so angry. I try so hard. I'm taking her to court for child support and some accountability, but its so long and drawn out. I'm out of money and the lawyer is not really doing all he can. 

I know I'm rambling. Im sorry. I realize there are people here who will end it all, and honestly I'm not going to. But I want to. I want to just be gone. Just to not have to feel the pain. But theres some joy in life. Kids smiles mainly. Lile I said, they are the only thing keeping me alive.  I have a great family and a wonderful girlfriend. I'm just lost. So very lost. Id be okay with going in my sleep. Or a car crash. Something explainable. Something so the kids can say, "Daddy didn't kill himself." But the honest truth is I'm almost 41. Ive screwed my brain up with drugs in my youth. This all seems to be my fault, and I really just want to go.

And I know this is gonna sound like esoteric bullshit, but I really think I have something influencing my thoughts that is not of this world. I dont think its a demon and I'm not religious, but I fucked around with the supernatural a lot and I think this may have Something to do with how I feel. I could just be crazy though. I'm definitely crazy.