I just can't take certain people. What to do when people make you want to kill yourself?I just had a conversation with someone else on reddit (look in my reddit history for the conversation). And they got really rude in the end accusing me of being 'disloyal' to people who actually have the condition and that I should just get diagnosed and get meds or whatever.

During the whole conversation I kept telling them that I am in the process of getting diagnosed but that I can't get treatment for my condition because no one is educated to actually deal with it. I told them the medical abuse I have been put through in the process but they didn't seem to even read it. I don't even care about the person anymore.

The problem right now is that now I have all these trauma memories and flashbacks all popping up again, and the way they didn't consider anything I was actually writing just triggered even more flashbacks. I was already in crisis before this whole conversation and now I feel even worse. I can't help thinking about all the doctors that abused me and tortured me (due to no education in how to handle trauma victims, especially the DID). And I feel this person on reddit is telling me I'm bad for not wanting that. When they write with what appears to be the assumption that medical staff can do no wrong, then I feel I'm bad for not liking what they did, it makes me feel utter shit. It also serves as a painful reminder that no one in the whole damn country can help me.

I always do this shit. When people refuse to understand my POV, I argue more and more, digging out more and more painful memories out of my brain. Last time I did that, was in the mental ward where they also did that shit.

For reference: my psychologist thinks I have DID (dissociative identity disorder) and PTSD and is in the process of diagnosing it.

Literally the only reason I'm not committing suicide in this instance is because the other people in my head are stopping me. Thank god for them, I suppose. I also don't have anything lethal around me right now... I tried to commit suicide a bit longer than a month ago and was forced to go to the hospital (that's one of the times they tortured me).