It's safe to say being a lesbian has completely ruined my life.Its robbed me of my happiness. Gave me mental illness. Makes me want to give up my life every single fucking day. It took away my chance to find a partner. It stole my ability to have a large dating pool to choose from. It took every bit of my will to live from my soul. It gave me permanent loneliness. 

I did come out, twice (once as bi and then les). But after I did it, that's when the self hatred came. Not when I was actually in the closet, but after i came out. I want to go back into the closet. I'm saving money to help me move somewhere else, away from everyone I know. I'm slowly dropping all of my friends and the people who know from my life. There is nothing more in my life that I have regretted than coming out to people. My parents are really homophobic by the way. So if they find out I'm done for. Once I leave, I'm staying in the closet and never coming out. 

I cry every fucking day. Just about this. Nothing else. I constantly feel the urge to slice my wrists open, or jump from a building or tie a rope about my neck. 

I feel uncomfortable with myself constantly. I feel empty. I feel depressed. I don't eat. I can't sleep. I can't stop obsessing. 

I'm constantly disconnected from everyone I know. I can't relate to anyone. I feel left out. I feel alone. I feel lonely. 

I look at my straight friends with secret envy. How they can just naturally find someone. They can just start talking to someone of the opposite sex and they'd already be seeing each other. I don't have that. I will never have that. They always do. That's how all of their relationships have happened. I don't have that luxury. 

I just want to die in my sleep. No one understand how I feel. No one cares. There's nothing in this world that I want more than being heterosexual. Being naturally straight. But I'm never going to have that. I'm never going to be ok with it. I'm never going to be happy. I'm never going to have it as well as straight people. I will always be at a disadvantage. I will always be different. 

And I don't want this life anymore.



