No other optionI'm a 21 y/o female clerk at a convienience store. I've worked with the company for a year and a half. I spent most of that time in a store located in the worst part of the hood. I am very small and not an assertive person. I am technically a PT Sales Clerk but have been doing the work of a FT Assistant Manager. I'm not trying to brag either, it sucks and I never asked for it. I work 40-50 hours or more a week, and handle training employees and shift supervision as well as office work. I was also told while at the bad store that I had no such thing as availability, and that I wasn't allowed benefits. They lied and gave me a package set to expire in two weeks. I couldn't get it back to them in time and now I need to wait two years for my next chance to apply apparently.

During my time at the hood store, I was poked with hypodermic needles and had to have blood work done due to it. In the first week I worked there, a senior citizen employee on graveyard shift nearly had his eye cut out with a pizza cutter by a guy on meth. I have also I've been followed home and threatened while at work by gang members that they will cut me up into pieces and leave me in the river. The police never helped us really, they'd give the hood rats a talking to but then they'd come back and threaten you more for calling the cops. I was also the only first aid person on staff, I am an emergency first responder. Near the end of my working there, a man who was known in the area for massive theft and violence overdosed while in the station and smashed his face into a corner of a table. We'd had 4 overdoses prior that week, so I was ready to deal with it. When I went to help him, he couldn't tell it was me and swung at my face before passing out in a sitting position. He had himself up on a chair so I had to hold him to stop him from falling, but he was easily twice or three times my size and I was terrified now since he had gotten violent. I had to scream and beg my coworkers to call 911 and they refused. Another customer had to help me. Once I was free from his care by handing him off to the fire department, my uniform and my arms were covered in blood from his head. I was given a new shirt, but since it was only a half hour into my shift, I was made to stay all night, with blood all over my leggings since they said it'd take too long for me to at least go home and change.

I also had a middle aged Field Consultant who was pulling me into the corners f the store with no cameras and telling me that he was going to take me on a two person road trip six hours away so I could train people at a bunch of stores for three weeks, when I hadn't agreed to something like that, and told me not to tell my bosses about it, because I needed to prove I was worth a promotion by proving I could keep my mouth shut. This set off alarm bells, especially when the assistant manager at the time stated that she had watched him on the camera system following me around the store staring directly at me for a full hour. 

When I confessed all he was saying to my boss and assistant manager, the boss confronted him as was fired instantly. I watched him fire her through the front windows of the store. She moved o my city from across the province to manage our store, and I ruined it and got her fired. The assistant manager was fired next for other reasons. I left the store after the overdose incident, though it was partially to get away from this man as another guy runs the other stores in two.

Now my new job at the same company is in an affluent location, but everyone is rude and I've had a father point at my face and tell his kids that I was a great example of why you pay attention in class. So you wouldn't end up like me. All in all though, my new job is so much better, safer. It hasn't done me wrong yet really. But I've started seeing people that were regulars from my old work back, and they recognize me. I'm terrified. I vomit and feel terrified before going to work because all I can think of was my old job. I feel a crushing sense of dread and anxiety, and it's overflowed so much that I want to kill myself the moment I step in the door of that place.

My doctor and an employee therapist urged 6-8 weeks of stress leave since my doctor thinks that the stress is 'literally killing me', which I don't believe, and my therapist says my conditions were extraordinary, but I don't think so. Nobody else that works for corner stores or gas stations goes on stress leave, old ladies and essentially worthless skin sacks can work there, so why can't I? Why am I so weak that I can't keep up? Besides, it's not my new jobs fault that I'm feeling this way so why should I punish them by going on a leave?

I'm supposed to be better than this. At this point, I'm so terrified of taking stress leave that now I'm starting to be convinced killing myself is the only option. My doctor has me on meds, probably because I'm crazy. I don't know. I don't have any friends either, or a family support net, so don't with that friend shit. And all I have is my boyfriend to talk to but this isn't his problem, I won't saddle him with my weakness. I'm a shit person, I deserve this.