18, about to drop from school, no further visionsI've struggled the last three years to stay in school, as my grades were dangerously approaching 'F'. To this year, I've managed to avoid them, and to never repeat a year. However, the school I'm at doesn't really tell us the grades that we should expect until very close to the end of the year, so it's always a surprise. And now, the surprise for me is that I will most likely get four Fs, which means I will drop out of the school with no chance of repeating the year. And when that happens, well, I don't know... Where I live, there is no chance for someone without high school to get a job paid enough to support at least a basic flat, which will be necessary as I don't think my parents will want me around any longer, as they have already called me a 'parasite' and 'nothing but a problem maker' when I was about to get one F the last year. I just don't feel like continuing anymore. I won't be able to attend a different school, because I don't have any money. I just want everything to be over already. Why should I even try anymore when the politicians in the Czech Republic made it so that Czechs of my age most likely won't be able to retire until 90, or some ridiculous age like that. I've just recently came to the harsh realization that it is not possible to start from scratch in this country, without any money or connections to people who can get you employed (that is, unless you are an immigrant who moves in, receives a house, food, clothing, and passive income...). So yeah, I just wanted to get it off my chest. I've always had at least some hope, I've always thought that I had people who would support me and maybe help me, but now, my parents are acting like I do all of this on purpose, instead of support I receive insults and hate. Every time when I had a hobby, like coding or photography, they just stepped on it. I am currently in my practice job, about to return home soon, but I just feel like not going there, just going away, to a quiet place and ending it all