Losing my mindFirst time ever doing this. I'll try to keep this terse. Don't know what I expect from this. I think I just need to vent now. Maybe knowing others had a similar experience will make me feel better. 

I'm 26, and I have a great stable job where I make good money as a developer, but I have stopped caring about life. The only way I get through my days is through using ampetamines redbull and a quad shot of expresso. I'm probably bipolar and definitely diagnosed with depression/anxiety. I have tons of friends (no family, dad is in the US but we don't speak anymore) who care and coworkers who adore me, I make 6 figures, and I drive a fairly new car live in a large house (with roommates granted) and I should be happy, and I don't say this to be ungrateful. I know how lucky I am to be alive, and succesful in my career at an young age. Especially with so many people that are struggling. I don't mean offense. 

But basically I've lost the ability to be happy. Constant moodswings. There are moments in the day where I'm laughing and smiling. It feels like happiness. Weeks go by and everything is fine. But it's not because in the span of one comment or a thought it can fade into anger, resentment, depression. I know I have issues. but I'm not sure I care enough anymore to try fixing them. I'm so jaded I don't care if I wake up tomorrow. It would be better if I didn't cause I don't feel like I could kill myself. 

Anyways, this is my entire life up to this point. I'll try to keep it short. There is a lot I can't say, that I want to. But I'm not ready yet so bear with me but I still want to share my story with you because I am losing my mind. 

&amp;#x200B;

Childhood. 

lower middle class, and I come from a korean family. 

I was diagnosed with depression/anxiety in college, had a decent childhood despite an abusive father, neglectful mother, and reckless brother. I didn't know until my dad was abusive until college actually. I always figured he took the tough love approach. What I didn't know is that when I was younger, they (brother, mom) used to lock me in a room so I wouldn't see them get beat when my dad came home in 'those' moods. 

Before they got divorced, they would fight and throw things in the house, my mother in dramatic fashion would threaten to kill herself (this is not uncommon in korean households sadly). Actually now that I think about it both her and her mother would have these violent moodswings. Anyways, my brother is half related through my mom. Him and my father never got along. He was into gangs in in cali, so we moved and he would skip school constantly. My dad beat him excessively, he ran away and sold drugs then came back after my mom literally went insane. My brother was my rock for a long time. I looked up to him. I know he was not a bad person. I mean he would buy me toys when my parents would fight, even steal them if he had to. He literally got me every transformer from beast wars (you remember the cheetah?) and every gundam he could find. He built every gundam for me cause I was scared to break them. He's twice the man I am. We don't speak anymore but I hope he knows that. 

Anyways there was one time (not sure how old I was, but I was sleeping with my dad in the spare room while mom was in the master so I must have been young) where I remember waking up and hearing her cry. Small three bedroom apartment. So I got up and saw her crying and there were pills everywhere. She was slurring and then she slumped. I woke up my dad and I remember him being pissed calling the cops then going back to sleep. They had been fighting a lot. I can't remember much that happened back then. Actually my memory is now is completely fucked. I can remember very few things that were not school related during this time. I remember some moments in elementary school, friends I met but I honestly cannot tell you what life was like in cali where I was born. Or what it was like when I was young. I don't remember anything really it kind of scares me. I actually spent my whole life feeling priveleged until I was told exactly how bad things got. It was like confirming a bad dream that you hoped didn't happen. But you realize that it did. 

So at this point, they get a divorce. But not before (hopefully timeline is correct) my mom and brother decided to break into our family dollar store and take some money to set aside just in case. Cops came, called my dad he said it was fine and I never heard about it again. Actually even before this, my mom had gotten arrested for stealing from marsh. I was there when it happened and I had to see her cry and scream while they took us upstairs and showed us the footage. Can't believe I forgot about that till now. But it's important to know for later. 

Then I remember the divorce. The courts found a house (worth a lot, at the time we had holes in our shoes. uncles would give us money.) that he had purposefully lied to my mother about owning (he gave her a fake contract to sign, basically giving her ownership of the house). Actually my dad had more than enough to support us but he was stingy or careful. I don't really know anymore. This would have been late 90s I have so many gaps in my memory I question my own sanity. Long story short, bad break up, she got half (we had two dollar stores by that time) of what he had minus the house and when the courts asked who I wanted to live with I naturally said my mom. So she got 1 store, some money, and 500$ a month for child support from my dad until I was 18. 

Fast forward a few years, she squandered what was left from the divorce (had no idea how to run a business), leased expensive cars and got a house we could not afford. We got evicted then moved into an apartment. By this time my brother got deployed to Iraq, then afghanistan a few years later. No matter how I feel towards him, I can't say I blame he acts the way he does. I'll explain later why it's important. 

Anyways, to continue. After we got a small apartment/condo she tried to start a new business selling hair pieces/wigs (Idk why the fuck she did so). I found out later she had borrowed money from a lot of people during this time which explains my earlier comment about having a decent childhood. I never went hungry. I was praised as the youngest kid in my family, and I was very good at reading/math at an early age. I was the the one that would finally graduate college, which noone in my family had achieved. So back to the store, she ended up losing that as well. By this time she was dating a lot of guys maybe to find some financial security? She was much younger than my dad when they got married so maybe she was just tired. Idk. This was around hs. I started noticing debts collection letters, and I told her that I would go live with dad to help make things easier. To be honest I was just pissed cause she would leave for weeks at a time to be with her bf (chinese dude, piece of shit). Again this is in hs. I had no idea of being locked in a room and my father being abusive. I thought he was a hardass and my mom was just irresponsible or crazy. I left after my freshman year to live with my dad and go to a better school. She called me my sophomore year to tell me she was in korea and could never come back. That she was sorry and to not believe what people said about her. I guess people weren't happy that she left and paid nobody back. I didn't speak to her until college after that call. 

When I lived with my dad in hs, He would berate me and make me feel like I could never get anywhere because I was 'lazy'. Because I didn't work 9 hours a day like he did. Ironically when I asked to get a job he said my only job was to do well in school. He would tell me things like 'youll never get anywhere like your mother' or 'you'll never go to college if you don't study'. And during this time I would smoke a lot of bud to maintain my sanity. I remember having cuts all over my arms from trying to hurt myself, I got suspended for 10 day from school for smoking before on a half day. I got kicked from NHS and basically shamed by the AP teachers that saw me as a good student. I was humiliated in my church when my pastor told everyone that I was doing drugs and needed prayers (I sang songs for the youth group and whatnot). For weeks my dad wouldn't speak to me. Leaving my mom was the biggest mistake of my life up to this point. 

You know what's fucked up though? I had 2250 on sat, 33 on act, pres. acad decathlon, over 15 AP credits. almost a perfect score on the chemistry subject test, state finalist for deca, nhs, I aced the math section on the SAT. I spent every hour of my day studying. I went through stolen previous SAT tests that my pastor had "acquired through god" literally would say stupid shit like that. I was still treated like shit. My dad still used to say I was lazy, or dumb cause I wanted to hang out with my friends and do normal things that teenagers do. When I lived with him I was allowed to go to two places: the church or the library. I was allowed to watch 1 movie a month with only 1 person he thought he knew, I mean why the fuck did I get constantly shit on even though I did everythign I could?

Fast forward to college. I get freedom. Start doing drugs constantly but somehow keep my GPA high cause i studied hard in hs. Eventually got to a point where I had a mental breakdown. Lost my fullride scholarship. Dropped a semester. Started selling bud to support myself. Tried to kill myself a few times. Failed miserably. Thank god I had made a lot of lifelong friends that I had helped them financially when I was flush. I was good at what I did. During my time off from school I learned about my past when my mom somehow got my number and called me. We have stayed in touch since then. She told me she was sorry and then told me what happened. I fell down and sobbed for hours. A few months later I had alienated every friend I had. Especially those that worked with me. I eventually spent the next year lost, then somehow crawled my way back through school and finished two years later with a math degree. I eventually got sick of sitting around all day. 

I taught myself to code became a jr developer at a retail company. Now I'm working for a big tech company. some days I'm happy but most times I just fell tired. When I think back on what I've experienced I feel like I'm dead. These days I don't even remember when I ate, or what projects I have to do this week. Work becomes the only distraction for me. I don't leave my room. and these days I feel content with passing away. 

I'm sure many people will think this is bullshit. Frankly I don't care. Think what you want. I have eaten yet and I've been up since 6 so idk if this makes any sense or if anyone can even follow it. I just want to share my story. I think I'll feel better knowing I did that at least if things don't work out. 