Nobody truly understands (please read)It feels like nobody gets it.

I already HAVE a million fucking reasons to live. I don't need some positivity/inspiration quotes to make me feel good about myself. In fact, they're so cringey as fuck that they only make me wanna kill myself even MORE.

Every last little thing I've ever taken a single ounce of joy in is just constantly torn down in favor of patriarchal tradition. I'm constantly scrutinized for ignoring everyone's opinions and reprimanded for standing up for myself. I try to pick up the pieces, but they've been smashed into fine dust that often blows away in the wind.

Any time I try get anything off my chest or question anything that's happening to me I'm always reprimanded for being too "negative".

When I say that it's literally out of my control, people on here tell me that I should just calm the fuck down and relax... despite living in literal puke-inducing conditions.

People always tell me that it's just temporary, despite me waiting nearly half a decade for basic help only to discover that my whole childhood was really THAT depressing.


only for all these cartoons (often made by privleged white men who could afford full tuition to CalArts) to go around and say that life isn't all cupcakes and rainbows. But what nobody realizes is most of the American poulation has the privilege of at least a comfort space for when times actually get tough. 

Yes, even homeless people can find shelter in those alleyway tunnels and discover logical ways to keep warm during the winter months.

I don't know if you Redditors from the inner cities will ever understand, but rural people are just completely fucked.

If we ask how to help an animal in need, we get chewed out for being an "abuser" when we don't get to decide which communities gets to have access to vet care or animal shelters.

We might as well kill ourselves because there's no escaping the madness that is toxic people. Their basic approval is our ultimate survival. I get told all the time that I should've been beaten the shit out of; I'm so fucking lucky that I have the privilege to pass as a cis straight white woman, or I could've otherwise been beaten, tossed onto the empyy streets, or even killed.

Why does everyone assume we want life to be "easy"? Why is it always the ones who get to live comfortably chewing us out for feeling like absolute dog shit?