I actually don’t deserve to be here, I am a sick person . I just can’t do that to my familyI’m 22.  I am a sick human being.  I was born with a defunct, evil brain.  Personality disorder, autism, impulse control issues, whatever it is there’s still no excuse. 

When I was 14 I fucked my whole life up.  I had very sick thoughts and I acted on them.  I mean, technically it could’ve been worse but that’s the case with everything right?

People always say “it doesn’t matter what your thoughts are, as long as you don’t act on them”.  But I did.  I crossed that line and can never go back.  I hurt people.  If any of you knew my dark past you’d tell me I deserve to die too.  I belong with the scum.

No one else knows about it.  No amount of therapy can rewrite the past.  And if I went to a therapist about it I could get locked up. 

I don’t know why some people are just born hardwired to self-destruct like me.  There’s no excuse for my actions, because we all are technically in control of what we do.  But if I could’ve just been born a little more normal, someone who could just have a moral compass.  I didn’t ask to be born with this brain, but again that’s not an excuse. 

I want to go back in time and beat the shit out of my 14 year old self.  Why did you not see doing something that messed up as having terrible consequences?? Dumb piece of shit. I’m a worthless human being.

My mom always tells me how if I killed myself, I’d also be ending the lives of every member of my family.  It would destroy them and I can’t do that to them.  Sometimes I wonder if I told them what I did then they’d feel differently. 

I’m so lucky.  I have a big, wonderful family who all love me so much, and is well off on top of everything.  My parents raised me very well, it’s not their fault.  They just gave birth to a monster.  

To all the genuinely good people out there who just had shitty upbringings or traumatic events that make them want to die: stay alive.  The world needs more people with good, caring brains.  We need less of me.