Sorry I'm Not Good EnoughI've always spent my life impressing others, never worrying about myself. I never feel good enough for anybody. I always make mistakes, and my parents are perfectionists, so they get mad at me very easily, which leads to tears for me. They're always expecting me to be an adult, to grow up without any mistakes, but I'm still a kid. I can't take all this pressure! I always put my friends before me, because I love them more then I love myself. I know, I know, ove someone, you first must love yourself, but that's not me. I'd die for my friends, which also causes my parents to get mad at me, for caring for everyone else but myself. I never had much, everything expensive I owned I had to buy myself, but my parents still look down on me for things they bought me when I was young, like an expensive game or something, before I had any money. I always make good grades in school, if I get anything below a 91, in anything, it's going to be a long, cruel talk in the car for 30 minutes. In school, if kids get a B and above, they get $100 per grade. I made straight A's this semester, all above 95's, and all I got was a $10 giftcard that my dad got from work for free. Today, we were moving into our new house, and there was a small media room upstairs, where 3 speakers were already blown out, and decided to listen to the radio with my little brother. We listened to music, and just had fun, until my dad came up to us and told us it was time to go. But before we left the room, he notice that the already blown out speakers weren't working, and started to yell at me, calling me an idiot, and that I break everything I touched. I tried to explain to him that they were already blown out, but he just yelled at me to get out of his sight. This happens every time I accidentally break something, my parents get super mad at me, and then they get mad at me for crying, saying that they should be crying, not me. I'm sick of all this, everyone telling me I'm selfish and stupid for pitying myself. It wouldn't matter if Ieft, I'm a nobody, I'd have no impact on anyone. I'm not needed, and "God" did a great job making my life a living hell. If he's only doing the best for me, he's being a douche bag. Sorry if I'm not good enough... At least you won't have to deal with me anymore.