I'm tired.I have been battling with anxiety (and, according to one of my former therapists, PTSD) for most of my life.  I was abused - physically, emotionally - by my folks up until just this summer when I finally decided to cut them out of my life.  My father denied physically abusing me and told me that I made it all up.  When I told him that he had threatened to kill me as a young girl, he became hysterical and told me that it was all in my head.  So it's okay if you don't believe me -- I guess my own parents think I have an overly active imagination.

They outted me from the closet many years ago when I was living in Indiana, and they were in Pennsylvania.  Without letting me know, they drove from their home to mine and burst into my apartment, screaming and crying.  They took me to my room for the entire day and continued to scream at me, asking where God is in my life.  

I lost my professor to pancreatic cancer several years ago.  He was like my real father figure in my life.  After he passed away, I've been traveling and undertaking job after job.  I had a bad experience where I was overworking overseas as a minority, and I lost my job due to a racist situation.  It's okay if you don't believe me -- many people in my life (who were not present at time, who did not see the situation with their own eyes) have also told me that I am making this up.  For what it's worth, my new professor at the time believed me and told me that he saw many similar things happen when he also worked overseas in our occupation.  

I was sexually assaulted at another job.  It's okay if you don't believe me -- there are a handful of people, mostly women oddly enough, who have either insinuated that I was at fault for not knowing that the guy was sleazy, or totally invalidate my experience altogether.  There are a ton of people saying that the guy I reported is a "good" guy who happens to be going through a hard time.  

I am currently working in a toxic environment where I am consistently intimidated before my tenure evaluation.  I have advocates in higher up places who empathize with my situation, but nobody seems to have the power to really do anything -- or maybe they don't really want to help.  One guy in particular has been intimidating me ever since I started this job last year, and nobody seems to want to see how his outbursts point to someone who is angry.  They instead praise a guy who earned a top position at a young age.  So it's okay if you don't believe me.

Among my co-workers, there has been one who seemed like she wanted to get closer to me.  She was hoping I could help her look for another job, as I had worked in many different places before landing my current position.  To be honest, I am also looking for another job right now.  I have been feeling stressed because our field is extremely competitive.  But I feel that she is using me.  I encourage her, but receive none in return.  When I brought up the issue of racism when working overseas, she completely invalidated my experience and insinuated that I was making it up.  When I brought up the issue of assault in the workplace (the assaulter was a mutual colleague of ours), she also invalidated this and said that I should have known better.  But what was I to expect from someone who strongly believes in a meritocracy and has been brought up in a bubble her entire life?  We went to undergrad together, and I guess I was lonely, and overlooked the fact that she is a very sheltered person.  My fault... but it still hurts.  Even with the time and energy I spend helping her, she has a contemptuous attitude around me while we are at work -- and then several days later, comes to me for help again.  She is going to her job interview in several days.  Yesterday I wished her good luck, encouraged her, and received no such words in return even though my own job interview is coming up.  I am done.

I don't care what your political affiliations are -- I am not trying to make this a political statement.  Just watching the Dr. Ford and Kavanaugh hearings brought up so many feelings and memories of my own assault.  One of my colleagues at work told me that rape is a catalyst for self-growth.  I don't think she meant it in a purely bad way, but the choice of words sent me into a negative spiral.  The president of my company talked at length about the men in our industry who have been ousted from their positions because of proof (not just allegations) of sexual assault.  He said that it is terrible for PR and terrible for the men involved.  Which made me feel bad working for our current company, knowing that they very well might cover up such situations to save their PR. 

I blocked my father on my phone, and he leaves messages all the time.  I get anxiety at seeing his messages.

I tried a therapist that several work people have recommended (he sees people at our workplace for free).  He laughed at me several times when I told him about my family -- especially at the story of them outting me.  He told me I should call my father, and didn't seem to care when I told him how scared I felt.  I left that session feeling extremely devastated.

My partner says that she feels frustrated at our relationship.  She says she doesn't want to burden me with the problems in her life, and therefore holds it all in.  But she feels upset that we talk about my problems a lot.  I feel like I am being blamed for this, despite me telling her many times to share her experiences.  It's getting to the point where I feel inner rage at the words "I don't want to burden you."  Also, she lives all the way in Australia and I live in Canada.  The massive time difference and distance doesn't help with anything.  I feel like she wants to take a break, but would never express this to me.  She spent eight years in a previous relationship where she didn't feel happy.  Is this what is happening again?

I have so much stress for my upcoming job interview.  Just one sincere little, "You are going to do great" would have meant the world to me.  My partner says she feels like she doesn't know how to encourage me, because her parents have never encouraged her.  I wish my co-worker who I encouraged so much could just say these words to me, too.  I wish my parents could have said these words to me, instead of always saying that God is going to take care of me.

I have been having chest pains this past week.  The heaviness makes my pulse rush and also makes it hard for me to breathe.  I have been crying every day.  I have been thinking of suicide a lot.  I used to think that I would never do such a thing because I would never want to put my partner through that pain.  But now I'm not sure if she would really care.  The only thing keeping me alive is my younger brother.  I haven't talked to him in a long time, but I know our parents would give him hell if I did anything to myself.

Then there are little things too, which might sound silly.  You might not agree with many of these points, and that's fine.   
 I just feel a heaviness from the unfairness of our world.  How each of us step on each other to climb to the top.  How power corrodes empathy.  How migrant workers pick our produce for low pay, and how they are abused by their employers.  How sweat shops make our clothes, how animals suffer to be our food, how we took land from the indigenous peoples and dishonored every treaty we made with them, how systemic violence still happens against marginalized people, how homelessness is still a problem in modern society, and on and on.  Sometimes I get tired of being human.  I get tired of seeing the same mistakes cycle in and out, even get tired at activism sometimes -- because even activism can feel tone deaf to me.  Sometimes I need time to process the feeling of sadness and powerlessness, and activism constantly screams at you to pick yourself up and use that energy to keep fighting.  But that makes me feel even more tired.  I can't share these feelings with my partner -- she says it makes her feel bad.    

I am going to see a new therapist next week, and I'll read everything I've written here to her.  But sometimes things feel excruciatingly painful, and I wonder if I can last until that long.

 *“I’m just wondering: what’s the point? Would it make any difference at all if I never existed? How can we sleep at night when there’s so much suffering in the world?” – Lisa Simpson* 

&amp;#x200B;