I want to die and all this to be over.I hate myself. There is nothing about myself that I like. I'm trans, and lemme tell ya, there is no way I'll ever be happy with my body. I know that much. I'm never going to be happy with my intelligence, because despite being built up for years and years to be an intelligent person.... I'm not. I'm just not.

I'm dumb as a bag of rocks. I smoked too much weed (the only thing that ever made it feel like I was okay) and drank myself blackout drunk far too consistently and often to ever function on the intellectual level that I used to. As a result, now my superiority complex and confidence *far* overshadow what little competence I have left. Im stupid, I'm stuck in a job I'm alright with, but really.... I wanted more for myself than to work at fucking Jimmy John's. Everything used to feel so much sharper, but now I feel like my head is in a haze, even though I've been sober for weeks.

I wanted to be a scientist or artist or something. Not this worthless piece of shit.

I can't think of a reason not to commit suicide. I mean, all we are is just complex chemical reactions. Every single thought you've ever had is just molecules moving around. So death isn't like crossing over a boundary or something. An absence of brain activity is "experienced" just like sleep. There's not gonna be any big change. There wasn't any big change when you started living; it's all just gradual accumulation of molecules.

So why can we hurt? Why is it that some molecules deny that they are molecules, and say you can't end your own experience? If the grand reaction has put enough stress on me to do this.... Why not? I've already fucked up some of my brain with substances; what do you do with a racehorse that can't run?

I don't have friends, I don't have prospects. Every social interaction I have is me lying. Lying lying Lying about everything. I make up friends and stories and stuff because I've never done anything with people. I've never had friends. Not for lack of trying. I'm just too fucking repulsed by the only people that would tolerate me to be friends with anyone. Every time I interact with people... None of it is natural. Its all a facade. 

Oh, and plus, I'm a marked man. I took out loans for school, couldn't hack it, spent it all on weed and food (laziness) and now I owe the government way more money than I can ever repay. If I ran away somewhere they find me, and any country id be okay running away to would extradite me just like that.

I'm finished. I can't even check into a psychiatric hospital because I don't have insurance.