life is shitI'm not thinking about suicide. This is just a rant about how shit my life is. I'm currently living on a boarding school (efterskole) with 400 other young people my age (16). life is so boring here. i'm tired of everything. I have a small group of loser friends that don't really have friends themselves. Everybody else seem to have a lot of good friends, and have a lot more fun than us. Lately i've been really demotivated in everything i do. I guess it might be a small winter depression, cuz i really really just want to go somewhere sunny and leave. Every day after school, i go to my room and lay in my bed. Then i get bored and text my friend, who doesn't really care about me and ask him if he wants to hang. We usually hang out for a little while, but every time i go outside my room, i get sad looking at all the other people having fun. I also used to talk to a lot of girls at my school in the beginning of the school year. Then a girl tried to mess with my virgin ass. A month or two went on with us being together like 3-4 days a week. I had my first kiss with her, and we cuddled a lot. But my virgin credulous ass didn't know shit about girls, flirting, talking and interacting with people. Our relationship ended when i found out that she had been flirting with another guy at the same time as we were. I had gotten feelings for her, so life was shit. It then took a long time to come over her, and i ended up coming back to her many times cuz i missed her, and having a girl in my life. Since then i've had to get new friends, and i found comfort in a small group of guy friends that i feel comfortable and good in. I don't really have any girl friends, which is weird here. And i've noticed my personality changing from introvert to extrovert, depending on whether i'm in my room, or out with my friends. FUCK MAN. Life is just shit! i'm never really really happy here. The worst thing is that i always remind myself of the sentence - "life is your creation" - My life depends on the choices I take and how I act, what I do, and nobody else. ARHHHHHH. fuck man i just want to be like everyone else