I try to end my own life on a daily basisI stay up all through the night and finally end up going to bed at around 9 or 10. Sometimes I dont even end up going to bed. I would say I'm an insomniac for sure. Anyway I pretty much wake up anytime from 2 to 4 in the afternoon. This is depressing after a while as I used to love spending time with my family, but now by the time I wake up they're all doing their own thing. 

I then usually go for a bath. I don't know why but everytime I go for a bath i always put my head under the water for a long period of time. I've been doing it for months now. Recently its gotten to the point where I know that I am drowning myself, as after about 5 or so minutes my chest starts hurting and feeling tight and my body grows weaker and weaker. Its really difficult to put into words but I've recently found it to be one of the only comforting things in my very boring life. As I'm drowning I feel a sense of relief as I know all I have to do is stay down and wait for it to be over. Everytime, I beg my body to just stay under the water. But then I always remember how unprepared I truly am. If I am to go one day I at least want to leave a note or something. So thats the only thing that keeps me from going all the way. 

I'm pretty alright throughout the day. I usually just play guitar or even work on a bit of my music if I'm lucky. But the later it gets into the day, the more in my head I become. You see, I'm a 16 year old college dropout. In fact I left college after a day and a half. After my, quite frankly traumatic, last year of highschool and lockdown I was just not mentally stable to return to education in that way. Looking back at it now, maybe that was the wrong decision. But I think i knew that at the time anyway. Its like I wanted to hurt myself and any chance of me having a slightly happy or remotely normal life. I had made friends and shit but then halfway through the second day I just walked out and took the bus home. I cried the entire way. No one on the bus seemed to mind. In fact an old lady even gave me a pack of tissues. But seeing my mum so disappointed when I got home just broke me. 

Nothing has ever really gone right for me. That's such a typical thing to say but it just becomes more and more true for me, the older I get. 
I loved life up until I was 11. That sounds very specific I know but thats when I found out how tough and ugly the real world is. My dad left when I was 11 when I was in my final year of primary school, about to start high-school. Its safe to say that's fucked me up ever since. As I child, I always had a stronger relationship with my mum than my dad. But I never really expected him to just leave. The morning after he left I woke up with sore eyes from crying through the night, then went to school and acted like nothing had happened. Bare in mind my dad worked at my primary school. So having to see him at school, the morning after I was screaming and crying and begging him not to leave, was not very pleasant to say the least. 

To put it bluntly, high-school was shit. 5 years for absolutely nothing. I spent 5 years making, what I considered to be at the time, friends with some of the best people I had ever met. Little did I know after high-school abruptly ended due to covid, barely any of them would even try to stay in touch. And I tried to be one to text first and keep things friendly. But if someone isn't fighting to stay friends with you after 5 years, why even bother? 

When I began high-school I also got diagnosed with a very painful anxiety and stress induced stomach condition. It still causes me a great deal of pain to this day. I can't even remember how I felt before I had it. I'm 16 years old yet some days I feel 60. Why did fate decide to fuck me over so badly? Why am I always the one who gets left with nothing and no-one? I have my family. Sure. But I avoid them throughout the day as much as possible. It just hurts to look at them sometimes. It hurts to be living in the same house I've been living in my entire life. I'm constantly reminded of all the bad times in my life, because I've always been here. 

I don't want sympathy, I don't necessarily want attention. All I want to do is vent. I could really do with some advice. I made some terrible choices and a shit ton of mistakes. But when does it get better? When will that happen? All I know is if it doesn't soon, I won't be sticking around for much longer.