I tried to commit suicide today.I wanted to share something that happened to me today.  

I read stories from /r/SuicideWatch all the time, some incredibly difficult stories of people who are struggling with odds I've never encountered. I'm successful, I make quite a bit of money, have great friends and I'm in my early 30's. I've also had hurtful yet common things happen in my life. My mother passed away after a battle with cancer. I recently found out my year long girlfriend was cheating on me. 

I feel worthless, even more than that -- unworthy of anyone's love. I walk into parties with tons of loving-nice-wonderful people. I want to turn the music down and and with way more vulnerability and courage than I have, ask for help, tell everyone I just need to tell you all who I am. But I stay silent. I would like to tell my close friends how uncertain and afraid I feel about my future, and I can't.  

If I decide to be vulnerable, maybe they'll embrace me and i'll feel better or maybe they'll push me aside, be labeled the nutty one and lose those around me. Without that vulnerability, without expressing it, without telling people what and who I actual am I feel suffocated on-top of everything else. 

I feel an overwhelming since of shame that I don't live my life like I want to, that I have to keep my feelings to myself. Now that I am dating I want to tell people how incredibly alone I am, and how thankful and how nice it is to be on a date. But that's socially unacceptable. So instead the date is awkward, and I go home and feel ashamed that I was rejected. And more importantly that I didn't, nor I couldn't, be myself. I've had day after day of this, and I'm beyond tired of it.

Today I decided to commit suicide. I began to think of every wonderful moment in my life, every hug I had with my ex-girlfriend, every time she'd go out and buy me clothes to help me feel better about myself since I hate shopping. I remembered every time we made love. I started to cry missing all of those wonderful things she did. I picked up a bottle of Xanax I had and pulled out the 90 1MG tablets that were there and put them in my mouth and stopped. As the overwhelming taste of chemical sat in my mouth a panic came over me.

I realized how lucky I was to have the moments with my ex-girlfriend among others in my life. How wonderful it is that I had the opportunity to feel that great. And more importantly that there was so much more to see and I'd never get to experience that again if I pulled back on my throat and swallowed. 

I ran to the sink and spit them out. Washing my mouth out of any residue. 

I feel lucky. Lucky that I realized at the last moment I need to allow myself to be vulnerable and being able to put that vulnerability in someone elses hands, and have it returned with kindness and a gentle touch makes me feel strong again. I know some will be reckless and rude with that rare gift, but I have faith that some will not. They will be wonderful great people who will be forever have a place in my heart.

I no longer feel that uncertainty, shame and fear in my life.  I'm hopeful things will get better, glad there are ways I can make it better, and elated that I have the opportunity to still have such great moments with people, that I can be myself, be vunerable, even if it means rejection.

At least if i'm vunerable and who I am, I won't feel worthless or playing the character I no longer wish to be. I will no longer be something I want dead, but something I'm proud of and love. 

Thank you everyone in this forum for listening to those struggling.