Life Will Get Better- Don't Give Up Now!&amp;#x200B;

I really wish that I could reply to every post that a suicidal person makes here, but I simply can't. And it hurts for me to know that while I'm trying to help one suicidal person realize that things will get better, there are thousands (if not more) of other suicidal people who are planning to do the same thing soon. 

It may not seem like it now, but things will get better and there are brighter days ahead.... but you won't be able to see those days if you go through with it. 

Just last month, I was in the same suicidal mindset as you. I came on here and made a post about how I was going to kill myself soon and everything. And here I am a month later glad that I didn't do it and realizing that people DO care. I just couldn't see it at the time because I was blinded by the depression and the pain. 

When I wanted to kill myself, I was very selfish...... Not because I wanted to kill myself, but because I would blame other people for my misfortunes and misery. I was a VERY selfish person and I'm not trying to pick at anybody on this subreddit, but there are a lot of selfish suicidal people here too. I see the common pattern of pinning the blame on the world and how this world bullies and belittles people. The truth is that the world IS a cold place and it's full of evil people, but you've given them control once you allow them to fill your heart with bitterness. 

I've learned that in order to become happy, you have to give happiness to other people through acts of love and kindness. And you may wonder, "Why should I give love to others when they give me hate?" Because every time you do a good deed and give to others, you will feel better about yourself and about your life. You'll start to realize that the world is a cold place, but you're unique because you're an individual whose purpose is to make it a warmer place. Then you'll realize that you don't want to end your life, but now you want to give more good to the lives of others so that they will not want to end their lives either. 

Again, don't end your life. You can't see the future, but there are brighter days ahead of you. It doesn't seem like it because you're blinded by the pain and emptiness, but it's there. And if you need ANY advice, I'm always here for you... and so are plenty of other people in this world.

Now go out and smell the fresh air and do something that you enjoy doing.... maybe it's making music, or playing video games, or watching movies!