Whats wrong with me?Ive never really shared much about my self so sorry about the length. Almost every "relationship" I've had until recently have been absolutely horrendous. My first "boyfriend", a week in told me that he was going to shoot up the school if i didn't help him, which meant that he controlled literally everything in my life. I didn't know any better, and I had no one else to go to. If I refused to do something he would teeter on his window like he was going to jump, or he would torture his guinea pigs (which he later killed). He ruined every relationship I had and raped me repeatedly for 9+ months until I finally got out of it. I told the school administrator and the in-school police officer, but all they did was put an in-school no contact order in place. It turned out that every-time he saw me, he would run to his family friend in administration and get me in trouble. The only thing that was a constant in my life was work, where I could actually meet people and make friends, and get away from a toxic home with a narcissistic mother. A 25 year old manager was particularly friendly, through small favors he eventually worked his way into my friend group. At some point it turned into him holding my job over my head, and him taking what he wanted from 15 year old me. He raped me in the back room and repeatedly groped me until a co- worker found out what was going on. Some time later I still have absolutely closed my doors to everyone, and Ive pushed away just about all of my friends. The person I am with now genuinely shows me love, and cares about me but I'm still really struggling to accept that he actually feels like that. On top of it all Ive been having pretty major mood swings, paranoia, and insomnia. I know something is seriously wrong with me mentally but I don't know what it is, I see a therapist but she doesn't really help. Nothing really helps, and I don't know where to go from here. My one of my only goal in life required that I'm mentally fit to do the job, and I'm incredibly nervous Im not fit. If I lose that and my SO I will have literally nothing in my life, and I'm so terrified of my life falling apart. 