Breakup bluesAbout a month ago my girlfriend broke up with me. I made some mistakes in the relationship but I was falling in love with her, something I've only felt once before. It had only been a few months so I was still figuring it all out.

It wasn't always an easy relationship. She  was honest and up front with me, but she also had trouble accepting affection and talking about feelings. Additionally, she was a pediatric resident so her time was pretty limited.

I did my best to navigate everything. It wasn't easy to balance my own needs vs what she could give. But it was entirely worth it. She was outdoorsy, smart, and a doctor at 27. She had a vibrant social life and tons of friends. She is close with her brother, was teaching me to cook, and loved going on trips with me. The more time we spent together the more I realized how much she meant to me. But I also let my own insecurities from past relationship (my last gf cheated on me too) and my overall tough time with dating and anxious attachment style get in the way. She saw my insecurity on a few different occasions and also my desire to be closer to her and bailed. 

I turn 31 at the end of the month. Most of my friends are married or engaged, and some of my closer friends have moved away. Many have families, which I want dearly thought I would have by now. Many, like this girl, are doctors or lawyers doing work they are passionate about. 

And then there is me. I just have my bachelors. I always had trouble in school but have managed to find a solid career in marketing. I'm not passionate about it but I make a very comfortable living and have been successful in a way I didn't ever foresee. I have a dog and a condo and have some savings. Still, I am so so isolated with the pandemic. I don't have a family, I don't have a job that I am passionate about, and my social circle has shrunk. This girl is 27 and is a doctor. She has tons of friends and vivid life. And quite honestly she saw me as an emotional and needy loser by the end of it as I tried to save our relationship.

I'm so hollowed out. I feel like I have lost my  hope for my future. Seeing this woman, who was so amazing, turn away from me, the second time it's happened in two years has crushed me. Made me realize how shitty my life is and how much of a failure I am. If it wasn't a pandemic I wonder if moving would help. I've been working on myself as much as I, can. Seeing a therapist, eating well, being outside, but now it all just feels hollow. I had a depressive episode once before and I can feel myself sliding that way again and I don't want it to. I just feel so stuck, and down.