Im a shitty friend and everything sucksI tried to kill myself three weeks ago, and I failed again because I'm too pathetic to actually go through with it. Instead I just had to stay in hospital for three days while they treated me for poisoning. They didn't feed me for 24 hours and then yelled at me for not eating as if it was my fault. I had to sit in my piss-soaked pyjamas the entire time because I pissed myself from throwing up so hard and had nothing to change into. My drip line came out of my vein but the nurses didn't believe me when I told them so all the fluid went perivascularly which was itchy an uncomfortable as hell. After all that and I finally got to come home, I had random people showing up at my house constantly demanding to talk to me. Half the time they never even told me their names and they made me feel small and stupid. Two doctors gave me a leaflet about how when I feel like I wanna kill myself I can just 'smell a flower' or 'go for a walk' instead as if I never thought of that shit myself. I can take a walk down to the train tracks so I guess they're not wrong.  


The worst part of all this is how it affected my friends. My best friend came over the day after I was discharged and was sobbing, and I mean fucking SOBBING saying that she didn't want to lose me. I did this to her. I hurt her badly and she doesn't deserve to have a friend as shitty and as selfish and as evil as me. I'm fucking cancer. I need her to hate me so that she won't hurt as much when I finally grow the balls to go through with all this. My housemate came home from work to have to see the whole thing; the house full of eight police officers and paramedics and me screaming my lungs out. I did that to him. He'll never trust me or see me the same way again and it's all my fault. He was there for me at the time because I wouldn't stop screaming until the police let me see him. He doesn't deserve that and he's not mad but I hate myself for doing that to him. Two of my other housemates have their own proper mental health problems to deal with but unlike me they dont make it other peoples problems. I don't even wanna know how badly I've fucked them up and triggered them by being so selfish. I hate myself. I fucking hate myself.  


Now the two of them have got into a massive argument and it's all my fault. They're fighting because one of them doesn't think the other was supportive enough of me when I came out of hospital. I dont think that at all. They were both amazing and more than I deserve but I guess they dont trust me any more. That's fair. We were supposed to decorate for Christmas yesterday but it just decended into a fight and everyone was crying. I did this to them. This is all my fault. We're not like this. We get on well. We're a family. In over a year of living together this has never happened and now I ruined it all.   


I should never have called that ambulance.