Terrified for myself.I'm 24, since I was about 12 or 13 I've absolutely hated my life. I grew up in a dysfunctional household. My parents argued almost every single day. I have an older brother, but we had different dads, he's really distant and he never really took the time to show me the ropes or hang out with me. People always seem to find there way around me, but I've never had an actual close relationships with any of them. Middle school was sickening. High school was torture. Couldn't get into any of the colleges or art schools I wanted to because of my failing grades due to depression and isolation. 

I saw a counselor back when I was 20 who had told me that I've been dealing with major depression for about 9-10 years and that he couldn't help me. He recommended me to get a complete physical and see a psychiatrist to get to the roots of my problems, but at the time my parents argued about it so much that nothing ever came from it.

Now that I'm older with no job, no car, no money, and no healthcare, I can only see a free counselor when I can manage to make it there, and I refuse to go back because she was video recording me and I believe she was showing it to other people even though she claims it was for her college course to become certified it made me incredibly uncomfortable.
She had me on Anti depressants and mood stabilizers. They didn't help and just made me want to sleep all day. I've tried to check myself into a clinic, but since I don't have any money, they just recommended me to a hotline and the same free counselor who I refused to go an see.

I feel as if none of my family cares. If anything they use it to guilt trip one another. That's never really changed, but at this point I feel as if I'm just being kicked around with mental health problems from one person tolerating me to the next. I've been kicked out of 2 different houses since January, soon to be 3 after my grandmother has had enough. No one is hearing what I'm saying and taking it seriously. They all say It's a cry for help and don't treat it as if I'm a threat to myself or others. I'm officially the boy who cried wolf.

I've spent the majority of my life alone, angry, resenting other people. I can't remember a time in my life where I've actually been happy or content other than when I'm alone but it seems to be getting worse and worse. Art has been my only way of coping, but I've lost a lot of passion for it since I've been transitioning into an adult. 

I've tried to kill myself twice before when I was younger, but failed at both attempts. This was back in my teens. I started cutting in Febuary of this year (2016) but (somehow) managed to keep myself from doing that, but since then, a large portion of my day is spent contemplating suicide. I'm tired of the "it'll get better" speeches, I'm sick of the "just change" talks because I've been hearing them for about a decade now with absolutely no progression and I'm still wanting to die. Recently I even find myself writing suicide notes and deleting them. I'm completely drained of this. It's literally ruined my life and if I have to look forward to another 20 years of this I KNOW I'm not going to make it.

I can't raise a kid like this. I can't have a career like this. I can't keep wanting more for myself when this is all I'm worth. I'm ready to die, but I'm terrified.