First night postingI posted this to /r/depression but I've been lurking this sub a lot longer.  I've been depressed for almost 15 years.  About the length of some of the people in this sub I bet.  Not bragging, it's horrible.  Are there any older people like me here? Sometimes I think about people I used to know, people that used to feel like me, and see that they have apparently grown out of it, and I see myself still thinking about suicide everyday.  Why can't I just snap out of it or "outgrow" it and wake the fuck up and get my act together?  Sometimes I wonder if seeking help will even yield results at all, or has it been so long that I've gone off the deep and and this feeling of depression has taken a hold of me and corrupted my soul.  I can't even remember feeling happy anymore, how do I differentiate me from these feelings? Sometimes I feel like I AM depression.  It's seeped into my brain and taken a hold of all existence.  I have a good life.  I have a job, a loving girlfriend, a car, friends, family.  But every time I'm in a social setting (like tonight, baby shower) I get so fucking sad.  I sit there in the room and I see smiling faces laughing and having fun.  I can laugh too but inside all I feel is inadequate.  It's hard to even put into words what I feel as I sit there.  I sit there next to my girlfriend and know she should be there with someone else who is better.  Someone who has a passion about life and enjoys everyday activities and can feel life 100%.  She should be sitting next to someone who can sit there and be present and not think about all of this in the back of their head.  Not holding back watery eyes thinking that I shouldn't be there, I shouldn't exist at all, I'm just taking up space.  I'm holding everyone back.  Everyone is a positive force, pushing happiness and personality into the universe and I'm a fucking black hole.  Anti matter.  Just wanting to fade away.  I have leukemia and I will be fine as long as I take a pill everyday for the rest of my life.  I was diagnosed about 2 years ago.  I haven't taken my medication for 3 months and I don't know when I will refill it.  