Not quite at that point yet, but I'm getting close...I'm hoping to take some preemptive measures here... TL;DR at the bottom.

I'm 22 years old and have done nothing of consequence with my life. I'm unemployed, and have failed just about everything I attempted to do. I subsist entirely off the charity of.friends and family

I grew up with my mother and my stepfather. My stepfather was extremely abusive on the emotional level. He would always criticize everything we did, and made no effort to show us how he wanted things done. He was unapproachable on just about every issue. He would always find a way to tell us that our issues were not really important, and that they would subside over time. He would justify his positions with Scripture, and I can't count on one hand how many times he apologized for doing something wrong.

 I was also taught by a rather mean teacher in 3rd grade, who was very similar to my stepfather in temperament. I was eventually pulled out and home schooled until 6th grade, when I attended a private Christian school. I was bullied and teased constantly. My grades and performance were affected, which led to more issues at home. The teachers tried to help as best the could, but the administration did nothing to help, even after I threatened suicide on multiple occasions. 

My grandfather died my freshman year of highschool, and he was really the only constant male figure in my life that had a positive influence. I sank into a deep depression that I didn't really.pull myself out of until junior year.

My senior year of high school, I had enough of my stepfather's bullshit and moved out of the state to live with other family.

After high school, I went to community college for 8 weeks before I dropped out. I love to learn, but I was sick and tired of school at that point. Shortly thereafter, I began talking with recruiters and ended up joining the Army in June of 2009. My only real girlfriend broke up with me 10 days after I signed my papers. I still don't really know why.

I shipped to ft Knox for basic training in october. I tried to fit in, and never really adjusted to the expectations. I got sick a few weeks in, and missed a week and a half of training, during which I realized that the military was no longer a life that I wanted to pursue. I tried to stick it out, but eventually broke and tried to kill myself because.I saw no other way out of the situation. I was eventually sent home in December after being diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. I got on state insurance shortly after I came home, and saw a CSW for several months. She was great, but I don't think I really made any progress.

I was unemployed for 18 months after coming home, despite looking constantly for employment. My ex's mother worked for a job finding service, but even then I was not able to find anything. Finally, last summer, I got a part time job working for the city pool, and I think I only got that job because I had a connection with someone that worked in the HR department. I lost that job at the end of August, and again, despite looking, have not been able to find work.



TL;DR

grew up in an abusive environment. Have not been able to find success in any area of my life. I know I need to do.something, but I don't know what, or even how to do it. I have been diagnose with a personality disorder that is currently untreated. Feeling trapped in a cycle of uselessness and powerlessness. I have no ability to find greener pastures at the moment, and am strongly considering suicide as an option. I'm eligible for psychiatric meds and quarterly visits to a psychiatrist at a local mental health clinic, but that's it.

I don't want to die, but I don't want to.live like this any more.