Suicide and MeDepression and its friend suicide have been my unwanted companions for many, many years. Like loyal subjects, they return every year to catch up with me and see how things are not going and remind me of my life. I had made it this far through 2020 without their return, but today has been a special day of spectacular failures. The futile, haphazard barrier I erect while they are away came crashing down. I struggle to control my emotions and keep the duo at bay, but not today. Today, I gave up and let depression sink its teeth deep into me again. It knows the bite mark well and sadly, it felt comforting to have it again. The familiar tinges of pain that shoot through my chest and squeeze around my heart felt relaxing. Suicide likes to burn in my chest and whisper dark nothings into my ear. 

I usually trudge through their visit until they leave, but today was especially awful and I reached out for help the second time in my life, the suicide hotline. After listening to the call tree, I waited in the call line for ten minutes, hearing the "Please stay on the line" message every ten seconds (Yeah I counted), I wanted to yell at someone in anger over the stupidity of repeating that every ten seconds. It drove me mad and I hung up the call without help. (ten minutes,  ten second intervals = I heard it like 70 times! Someone needs to be fired, that's not helpful). I have digressed.

I came to this reddit form and it lifted my spirits to see and share in some of your pain and wanted to share my experience. It began when I was about 20 and I was coming out and accepted my first gay friend. At the time, I didn't realize he emotionally fed off crushing me as a person. Hurting others made him feel better and he spent the next two years grinding me to dust. He made sure no stone was unturned and I was naked and raw. He would constantly reinforce that I didn't belong in the community and was really weird, that I was ugly and no one could possibly wanted me, he paired me with his most toxic friends, and would humiliate me to the guys I dared to like. I felt so secluded, unreachable, and worthless, that a literal pain manifested in my chest and choked around my neck. To live was to suffer through both emotional and physical pain. I would imagine the various ways of ending my suffering. (I will refrain from sharing, but lets say I could have directed a horror movie). I longed for the sweet release of silence and unfeeling in death, but logic or survival instinct was the only defence holding me back. Suffice it to say, who I was, died with him. What walks the Earth now is a dry, hollow husk of who I was. The pain and scars have never faded, they are still with me today and I hate him for these.

It wasn't until he started cheating on his boyfriend that the illusion of him being a good person cracked and I realized how awful of a person he was. Hindsight is a bitch and I really missed the ball on that one. When I parted ways from him, the heavy, life sucking depression lifted off me and I could breathe again. But the deep wounds have never healed and every year, crushing depression easily slips back in where it left off. 

I hate him, and wish him the worst suffering imaginable. "I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy"- he's the exception to that saying. I wish it all on him.

Anyway, if there is a take-away from my experience. I didn't see what was causing my depression, even though it stood in front of me everyday. I focused on my faults and loneliness and tried to fix those, instead of seeing the snake in the nest. Do you have your own snake that's causing the pain in your life?