I want to die, but not by my hands.I know this is not a new topic but my feelings have become overwhelming as of recently. I wake up every morning asking myself "why me?". In high school i scored below average in almost all of my classes but managed to still graduate. I attended a local community college for two semesters, still struggling, and decided "school just isnt for me". Now I am living at home with my parents and younger brother, and am currently waiting to get back to work at my $12/hr job. When i think of my "future" i cant really picture anything. I've been asked many times what i want to do when i grow up (which is now) and i simply never knew and still dont. I would often just say any occupation that came to mind at the time (police officer, fireman), the typical shit. I am also very self conscious about my body as i am a tall underweight male. I sometimes go a whole 24-36 hours without eating with no side effects (if anything eating makes me feel worse). Before someone claims anorexia, I disagree. I have no negative thoughts about food. My brain wants food but my stomach doesnt. I am a semi-frequent smoker and i can also manage to eat entire meals while baked so thats cool. I often sleep in two segments, around 4-5 hours each, one at midnight and the other 10-11AM. I find myself just laying in bed for hours on end and trying to force myself into sleeping because that is the only way to pause the suffering. I think about death and how appealing it sounds to me but suicide for me is quite the opposite. I couldn't hurt the ones around me after already feeling that ive been underdelivering my whole life. Wouldn't suicide just be a cherry on the cake completing the sad story that my life has panned out to be? I feel like nobody would be surprised. Self admittedly I am scared to even attempt suicide as I never had before. I'd rather go out (rather sooner than later) by literally anything else other than myself. I can tell by my parents tones that they wish i had done something more with my life, but they wont say it, which I respect. I doubt anyone around me can actually tell im suffering as i consider myself excellent at concealing my feelings. I don't feel comfortable approaching anyone about my feelings because i just feel like id be burdening them. 

Idk im not expecting this to go anywhere or to gain anything significant out of this but i just had to share. These thoughts were just agonizing me and i had to let them out somehow. I havent spoken to anybody about this in years, hence the throwaway acc. 

Thanks for reading

TL;DR- Fucked up in high school and college; now working a minimum wage job. Depressed as fuck but not willing to committ.