I'm thinking of suicide and it doesn't make me scared or sadWhen I was at the lowest moment of my life, I wanted to kill myself. I was too afraid to try anything painful, like cutting myself, hanging myself, or jumping off a builiding. I guess even at the loweset moment, I still cared about physical pain lol

Eventually, through some research online, I decided to use carbon monoxide poisoning when/if I ever decide to commit suicide. Seal the windows, doors, fill the room with some candles and charcoal buring while I fall asleep with music, alcohol, and weed. I like the idea.

I don't have religion and have no faith in afterlife. I believe once I die, I will no longer have any consciousness. Like a computer after its cord is unplugged, just blank. I'll be very sorry to my family and friends for my selfish decision, but I won't feel any guilt once I die... along with other pain and suffering.

I've been thinking, what's the point of living for me? I work 7 days a week with two jobs to support my family and myself. My girlfriend has to move far away in few months due to complicated problems. Most of my friends are also far away, after graduating high school and college. I sleep 5-6 hours per day, giving me no time and money to seek mental help. 

The future looks grim to me. Distance relationship, more lonely after my girlfriend moves away, same jobs, same money issues, etc. It's like playing a game. I fucked up. Whether it be my stats, skippiong a quest, whatever. I fucked up, got myself into a mess, and the game is pretty much unplayable. Why not just log out of the game instead of keep playing it? Like that, I just want to 'log out' in life.

I have so much wonderful memories with my parents, friends, and my girlfriend. The meals we had, vacations we went to, places we visited, etc. They are so precious to me. Instead of letting those memories getting dull and covered by fading memories, time passing, and the daily-piling stress, I just want to lay in bed, look at old pictures, think about the nice times I had, listen to music, watch some shows I've always wanted to watch, and sleep in the carbon monoxide filled room. 

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry for rambling... I joined reddit last week and found this page today! Just wanted to express my stuff on public (still mostly under anonymity lol). I hope this doesn't violate the page rule.

Also, if I learned something, things can get better. There was a time in college when I was so depressed and suffered mentally. I sought counseling services provided by my school for free, and it helped. After graduation, my girlfriend and friends helped me too. Things can get better and heal. Sounds kinda weird as I'm saying this after all my stuff about suicide lol... It's just that I'm a very weak coward. I'm just too afraid to wait, play it out, and do everything I can to improve. I just don't want to even attempt and I'll be satisfied with what I have/had, and die hugging those memories as my last remaining happiness. 

I hope everybody here will at least have a good sleep tonight, wake up less tired than usual the next morning, and have some random nice things like a kind person opening a door for you and telling you to have a great day.