my me too storyOver the past few weeks, I've struggled with what medium is correct for sharing this story. I don't know how to get the feelings out, and I'm so scared people are going to tell me I'm lying because of just how fantastical it is. So maybe I should start by saying however crazy, this happened to me, and I've been carrying it around with me for far too long. For years I believed the lies he told me, how he had proof that everything was consensual, not realizing that i was just falling into his trap again and again. Let’s call my boss “ Bill”. I was a young male of 18, fresh off the mom and dad boat and making my way into the real world. By some miracle ( at 22 the miracle is now more apparent to me) I scored a job at a traveling zoo that runs a course from virginia to georgia, stopping at county fairgrounds and community festivals, sometimes doing college lectures and rescue efforts as well. I thought I was happy as can be, feeding and caring for monkeys and kangaroos and even a big tiger. I was a dumb fucking kid. Over the course of six months from october 2013 to march 2014 bill raped me 5 times. When I came back to the establishment in 2015 to false promises he raped me again. He convinced me that it was all consensual and he promised me things, but when i didn’t want to do it, he would coerce me harder and harder until I gave in. he drugged me on three separate occasions with opiates to have his way more easily. He insisted on not using protection because he was allergic to latex. It started early on, when I first arrived to work at the zoo, although for him, the planning probably started when he picked up the telephone and heard easy prey on the other line. The funny thing is, when i called him to ask about the job, i was suspicious of his establishment. Something didn’t add up. I called him out on it, said his pitch sounded like bait, he got upset and hung up. I called my mother to tell her about the job prospect and how it sounded weird and together we looked online. This man was famous. He had animals on the today show. His monkeys were in movies and perched on actor’s shoulders. I fucked up. I called him back apologizing. And of course he accepted. The next week I was on a bus down to the zoo and there we were, in the midst of a carnival, training monkeys and riding camels and horses and all was well for a few days. So i thought. The first night i got shitfaced at a party the fair was throwing. Bill noted my attraction to alcohol. The first weekend, Bill saw the flirty attention I was taking to look at a gentleman in the crowd. But Bill also saw the same flirty attention I was giving to a female in the crowd. Bill took note of my sexual confusion. I remember the first night we drove together in the main semi, after the fair was over and we were packed heading to the next location. His tone got more and more sly as we talked through the night, I remember him telling me stories i would one day find out were lies, but at the time, I trusted him and they awed me. I was a sheltered kid and i didn’t know any better. And then i heard him say “ who don’t you give it a little wiggle”. I looked over and he had his fucking cock out. I’m 18, alone in a semi with a guy who’s bigger than me, away from all known family and friends, traveling to god knows where in the middle of the night. The situation has delved into creepy as hell and it’s all my fault, but I do it, because, what the hell, it’s only a cock and i can’t lose this job and be dumped in the middle of the road. I wish I had made him pull over then. I can’t fucking BELIEVE i didn’t realize how BAD that situation was. I had no idea how hard it would traumatize me. Time number one. In november we made our way to savannah georgia, for an annual festival at a racetrack. Bill had a partnership with a hotel there and they paid a contract to stay on the racetrack/golf course for the entire month, bringing our animal activities to the public attending. Of course, with that contract came hotel rooms, and that’s when my hell really started. The first time, Brian brought all of us to the hotel to sleep (didn’t happen very often,because usually we had to stay with the animals and make sure they were ok) and at the last second, pulled a switcheroo and told me I’d be staying with him. Him asking me to give him a back massage ( which, again, far away from my family or friends) ended up with him being naked, and that turned into him coercing me to take my clothes off, because he just wanted to see, and before i know it I’m in the middle of his fucked up fantasy. Another man using you in that way without your permission is probably the worst feeling i can describe, and that time fucking hurt. I can remember how it felt to this second. I thought about leaving that night, but where the hell was i going to go. And then that happened again. And again. He made me send him text messages “telling him what i wanted him to do to me” and i would just make stuff up because i didn’t know what else to say. This was the clincher. I knew the second i’d try to tell someone these messages would come out and nobody would ever believe me. He’d had other interns before me and I’m pretty sure he did this with all of them. The third time he brought a bottle of pills and told me to take one. It was oxycontin and it made things a little bit easier. This whole time he convinced me if i told anyone, my life would be over, he’d out me to my family, he’d tell them all the nasty things we did together. On the fourth time, I finally had the strength to leave. I waited til night,I made it as far as the hotel itself from the racetrack before I realized it was cold and HE realized I was gone. I think he knew I was going to tell the police so he begged me to come back. He bought me a plane ticket home to my parents that night and he told me to take a vacation. I don’t think he was thinking very clearly. I never got on the return flight. I never wanted to see him again. In 2015 I began to miss my animals, badly, and the trauma from the previous events hadn’t fully taken over my life. Like the dumb kid i was, I decided to give Bill another try. I rang him up and he told me everyone out there missed me, and if I came on down, We would talk about how things were better (there were other problems I was having beyond the obvious one with Bill). I made my bed on the couch at his place when i drove down, because someone was in the spare room, and i thought that would be sufficient enough to keep things pg. I was wrong. I hadn’t even been in the house for 5 hours when Bill decided to pull his shit again. I told him I was going to yell out and he still put his hands down my pants. I should have yelled. I left again that night, drove all the way back to my home in california, and i told myself that that was the end of bill. I couldn’t prove he raped me, so i needed to move on with my life.
I can’t move on. This tears at me almost daily. I’ve literally never typed it out before, and I’m sorry that details are so sparse, but actually reading it like this, I can’t believe how fucked up it sounds. Any questions that might clear up an inconsistency I’m happy to answer. I’m not looking for sympathy, but I want to be able to share this with someone, ANYONE before it eats me alive. This man is still my facebook friend and every day I see him with another success i will never have, because of the things he’s done to my body and head. The fact that i let him get away with doing something like this to a young adult makes me want to kill myself.