There are several paths ahead of me and all of them are dark.I've struggled since I was very young, perhaps 8-10. I've always hated life and would seem to go in a cycle between sorrow and rage, over and over my psyche would battle with itself over the concept of whether to loathe the world for the cards I'd been dealt or to punish myself for having so obviously deserved my lot in life. What I've noticed is that regardless of which way the tide is going, the waves have never stopped being destructive. I Have gone through terrible things, many brought on by my own tendencies, many simply "bad luck" (I struggle with whether or not there is such a thing as chance.)

I am constantly thinking, and though I feel it is arrogant to say, I feel that a mind which ponders itself will always do damage as it does, and a sharp wit cuts deeper. I question everything, existence, the lack or existence of a god. I obsess over which I SHOULD believe, whether or not the philosophy is true, but healthy and beneficial. I envy those who can have blind faith that there is an all knowing and loving entity which will always protect them, and when it doesn't, had a plan all along to try and teach them. 

I have concluded that if there is a god, he is some mix of the following; cruel, neglectful, weak, biased. The christian god cannot possibly exist as an all knowing, all loving, and all powerful entity as they explain him. But it is not just this faith I question. My lifelong barrage from all sides has brought me to doubt each and every faith which I've studied. The only possible fit to the story of my life is the hindu system of karma and reincarnation, in which case I am clearly being punished for past transgressions I simply don't remember. I have many times harmed myself hoping that perhaps my pain and humility will be some penance for the atrocities I've apparently committed. 

Then there is the alternative, that this planet, this very universe and all existence, is a coincidence. That I am nothing more than a chemical reaction, my thoughts the firing of neurons. Why live? If this world is all we have, if there is not meaning or after, why live? This world is so incredibly dark, filled with pain, selfishness, cruelty. No act of kindness could ever make this world worth staying in.I could never see the yin and the yang ever truly balancing out. And so it is with this thought process that I question whether I should simply die, ceasing to exist as a consciousness, or whether to become a joker like entity. Watch this world which I so loathe burn. Find a way to, if only for me, make a few of my days worth living by warming myself with the flames of carnage.

I am lost. I am being consumed. I have had my bad stages in life, but have many times tried to resume a positive outlook trying to do good by myself and others. It is always during these times which I suffer the greatest blows. I am repeatedly punished for kindness, shown that it is not the path for me as I am apparently no good at it. I just... I have hit rock bottom before. I will not go there the same way again. I will be the abyss this time.