End of the ropeHey. I've been on reddit around 3 years. And for about 5 years I've been battling mania and severe, hellish depression that won't subsibe. I've tried everypill out there. EVERY pill. SSRIs,SNRIs,mood stablizers,Benzodiazapemes,Antipsychotics. I could list them all but I think you get the point. I've been hospitalized around 10 times, totally around 20 weeks over 3 years. I haven't been hospitalized in 2 years this April. But the depression is coming back with the cold. Its hell. If you ever meet a bipolar person understand that most of them have experienced a burning hellish form of self-loathing, then uncontrollable manic highs of rapid thoughts and speech. I haven't had sex in almost a year, and I have had no success at making new friends. I am an educated young man in his mid-twenties but I feel more hopeless right now than ever before. I don't know what to do anymore, short of running away like I did before, which almost killed me before. I feel like the bottom just gets deeper every time I get into a depressive cycle. I play music and perform music at bars and downtown but it seems no level of expression heals me from this pain. I tried illegal drugs in the past and that didn't help. I recently tried AA meetings but those just seem like a humble form of church where people are crazy too. I don't know what to believe in anymore. Money doesn't do anything. It seems that the majority of people that come my way are shallow users and I am beginning to really hate humanity in general. The television depresses me as I see stupid shows about dancing or sex or crime. Nothing gives me pleasure. Food just sinks to my belly and sits there. Hugs do nothing. My parents are without a clue and running out of hope as they have noticed little growth in my ability to balance my funds and love myself so as to succeed. I don't think this disease is ever going to be cured, and I feel as though my quest from alternatives, to self-help, to relentless optimism is all just a bunch of dust in the wind. My brother, only brother rarely calls me and lives on the other side of the planet, getting his masters and chilling on the beach. My parents work 5 days a week and have little joy. The Christian churches I have visited shun me as someone they can't help and my prayers all seem one-sided. This all began when I was 13, when I told my homeroom teacher I hated school and wanted to "blow it up." Thats my first memory of real depression and hatred of the world. I feel many times lately, and in the past that I don't know how I could ever survive to see 30. My mind is such a battlezone, such a cauldron of boiling confusion and pain that it seems that to ease it is like asking for a million dollars. I never wanted to be rich, or powerful, just loved and happy to be alive. But it seems hard to just secure that. I don't know if there is a god anymore because the fucker just seems too invisible and fleeting or elusive to be a real living presence. I have done everything in my power to try to heal myself, and now it seems that my parents have also turned to complete abandon as they cannot tell me I didn't try. I tried to work when I was on many pills. I tried to express myself to the therapist I saw for 2 years. I tried to give to the people I was surrounded with in a hope it would help myself as well. I worked at the local mission. I served to dam up the river. But what do I have? No phone calls, no money, no degree, no fruit. And even the Christians have told me to "grow up" or even one told me that I was influenced by Satan. I've called the Boystown Ntl hotline and no one knows jack-shit about how to help me short of sending me back to the Psychiatrist. So I can change and be a guinea pig for new pills or the very few I haven't tried. Yet they all have similar mechanisms so whats the point. I don't know if I really believe in bipolar or Psychiatry. But I believe that humanity can be fucking evil to each other and God if he exists doesn't do anything to stop it. I call bullshit on him for that. So I try, I try hard. And Dad and Mom don't compliment me on it. All they see is that I am not were they were at 24. And I think they're worried. So I sleep in the darkness where the dreams aren't good, and I know they won't be good before I sleep. I feel too much, I feel so many things that people don't feel. And I am isolated just by opening my mouth. I feel like running away again but if I do that, I will probably die. Help me.