I need help getting out of this state of mind.Hi guys,

I just really need to say some things and I’d appreciate if you would listen. So I’ve been depressed for awhile, diagnosed by my psychiatrist, and I’m really struggling. To be honest I don’t remember what it’s like to feel any other way than this. Everyday I’m miserable, I spend hours just sitting in my room doing nothing but staring at the ceiling, I do lots of drugs, I’ve been avoiding most of my friends recently except for some really close ones, and things aren’t very good in the family right now. Last year my mom had an operation for a hernia which was pretty big and had all of us worried, but she got the surgery and made it out fine. I didn’t really comprehend at the time how serious it was and I feel bad about my lack of interest towards it. A few months later it was my birthday which is a couple weeks before christmas and my mom says she feels like she’d been short of breath lately. My brother passed it off as nothing because he's a stupid fucking cunt and he thinks he knows everything. Around this same time I started smoking weed with my friends. Couple weeks later it’s christmas and my mom's still having problems so they go to the doctor to get it checked out, doctor says she's fine and we just keep moving along. About a week after going to the doctor she feels worse and decides to get checked by a different one. They tell her she has stage four non smoker lung cancer. At the time I was still depressed, failing school, and now I had this on my plate. I think the worst part is that I only found out because my school counselor had told me assuming I already knew. It really didn’t affect me at all, I think it was because I didn’t want to believe it and it just seemed so ridiculous. At night I have a really hard time sleeping, usually I’ll just lay in bed for hours and my thoughts keep me awake, so if I couldn’t sleep I would go to the living room where my mom would be reading a book and any bad thought or feeling just went away. It was the most reassuring thing, and she kept me from feeling completely alone. The next seven months were the worst moments of my life. I remember how selfish I was at the time, missing the bus for school because I’d sleep in, and forcing my parents to drive me. Never doing my work even though I could easily succeed in school, and always making them worry about me. Smoking pot in the basement with my friends while my parents were home not seeing how uncomfortable it made them. Skipping classes constantly, I went two months without going to my two art classes before the school called me on it. I remember one day I slept in because I didn't want to go to school but my mom woke me up and made me go anyway. She was on oxygen tanks at that time, and they would only last for a few hours at most. Still she drove me to school even though she was in pain and was struggling to breath through tubes. I was so depressed I couldn’t see how selfish my actions were and I hate myself for it. Everyday in school I couldn’t wait to get out and when I came home she would be there in the living room, sitting in her chair, reading her book. I miss it so much, seeing her when I got home from school. I hated school, not because I had to do work but because I had to pretend to be happy in front of my friends. But when I would come home and see her sitting there it was all worth it, I didn't realize how much it meant to me at the time and I wish I did. One day I came back from school and she wasn’t in her chair, it had gotten pretty serious so she couldn’t walk around without help and was stuck in bed. I would come home from school and go upstairs to her bedroom to say hi to her and then lock myself in my room distracting myself with anything I could find. I can’t imagine how lonely she felt, sitting in bed alone all morning and then her son would come home from school only to talk to her for half an hour before disappearing for the rest of the day. I would come in to say goodnight to her and give her a hug, she would tell me she loved me and i said i loved her back. I wish I could hear it one more time. I remember one time she called me into her room, after calling my phone four times I answered, and she told me that she felt weird having to say this but that it would be nice if we came in to talk to her more. Everytime I think about that moment I feel like such a piece of shit. It got pretty bad eventually, we had to move her downstairs into the guest room, family and friends would come over everyday to sit with her and get her whatever she needed and talk to her. I couldn’t do it, every time I saw her it broke me and I would avoid seeing her anytime I could. The pain was way worse than it was before and they had her on a ton of medications to help with it and the nausea. She wasn’t the same person when she started taking those meds. She would have her moments where she’d be the same person I remembered before all this happened, and I could talk to her again, but then it would come time for her to take the medication and she was gone again. Another time I came into her room and my aunt was sitting with her, I had just gotten back from school and came to do my routine of saying hi to her. She said to me “what are you doing here” in a kind of playful sarcastic voice. That’s when I realized I had avoided seeing her for two days straight. Eventually it got really bad and she was barely ever lucid, and it hit me that I had basically missed my chance to ever talk to my mom again. School was out and I had failed three of my courses so it was summer school for me. My dad told me she only has a few weeks left. That was the start of the loneliest time of my life. She looked completely different, her face was sucked in and her arms and legs were sticks, the life gone from her eyes. You could hear her breathing wasn’t good, every breath sounded like it was a challenge. I came into her room in those last few weeks because I needed to see her, there was finally a moment where no relatives and friends were around her and I could be alone with her. I just sat there with her holding her hand, and she just mumbled to me “I’m really sick honey”. It felt like she was herself again just for that one moment and I cried for hours. Two weeks later she was on her deathbed, and I remember just standing there listening to her breathing and the only thing I felt was anger. Why did this happen to her of all people is all I kept wondering. The next day I woke up and my dad told me she was gone. It's been two months since she died, I’ve never felt more alone in my life. My whole life feels like it's falling apart. My relationship with my oldest brother is terrible, my other brother is holed up in his room 24/7 and just dropped out of high school after failing 9th grade 3 times, and my dad is depressed and is gone 90% of the day. I’ve just been getting fucked up on drugs: acid, weed, oxy, alcohol, nicotine. I had a dream recently where she was still alive and we were just talking and when I woke up I just wanted to end it. I will always regret not being there for her in the end, and for now I’m just drifting hoping things will get better but I really doubt it at this point.
