I feel like I'm living because its expected of me, not because I want to.Ive felt like life is too much of a struggle to keep living for the past 4 or 5 years.  Ive had suicidal thoughts since I was around 11 years old. They come and go, but every time they come it always seems to get worse. It was also around that time I started cutting up my arms.  A year ago I would of said "I think about it, but I never make any plans and I wont ever go through with it".  But as time went on I started looking up prices of shotguns or the most efficient way of killing myself and things like that.

I was diagnosed with depression around sophmore year of high school.  Since then I barely graduated high school, graduated tech school, and got a job.  All along the way I kept telling myself "youll feel better eventually" but I never have.  The only times I'm not thinking about suicide in some capacity is when Im mentally and physically exhausted from work, or if Im talking to my friend or something.  

I feel like I'm on autopilot for most of the day.  Days and weeks fly by and I can hardly remember what happened yesterday.  It could just be the routine Ive gotten into cuz of work, but the exact same thing happenes in high school.  The only difference is I cant sleep through work like I did school or else I lose my job.  

Suicidal thoughts have gone from occasional to weekly to daily.  Every single inconvenience in my life makes me just wish I didnt exist, or I could die in some accident so I didnt have to keep on living.  

I started smoking half a year ago after a sort of anxious episode at trade school and havent stopped despite a couple of attempts.  It went from 2 cigarettes a day to 7 to 10 and now to 20.  It helps me calm down a little bit, and works thousands of times better than any medication ive been prescribed.  Most of all it gives me a disturbing comfort in knowing that my life is being shortened, even by a little bit.  

Everything just feels so empty.  Good things happen, but the happiness never sticks.  I dont want to keep living, but I feel like I have to, or else Ill fail everyone around me even more.