To the one I hurt in the worst wayI have tried to start this so many times over the past three months. I know that I hurt you. I know that I destroyed you. You have told me that you hate me, and I deserve that. There is nothing that I can do to take that pain away. I feel awful that I cheated on you, my partner in life. I thought that our marriage coming to an end would give me the freedom that I told myself I was searching for the entire 5 years that we were together. That freedom is as elusive now as it was 5 years ago. Nothing about these three months have been easy. I stopped eating two months ago and as a result I have dropped 35 pounds. You wouldn't recognize me now if I passed you on the street. Honestly, the hunger pains are the only thing that remind me that I'm still forced to live. They keep me sharp and alert. You bid me farewell on the day that our divorce was finalized. You even wished me the best, and waved goodbye as you drove past me in the courthouse parking lot. Only you could be so poised in front of someone who cut you so deeply. 

I have continued living as if nothing is wrong. My father asked me a few weeks ago, "Are you doing okay?" And to that I responded, "Do I appear sad to you?" He pursed his lips together in contemplation for a few seconds, and then smiled and said to me," No actually you don't." So my family has no idea of the turmoil that I am going through. I did have a moment of weakness and sent my sister a cryptic text message in the middle of the night. But luckily I was able to brush that off as a drunk text. She accepted that explanation and didn't bother with it any further.

So I have made my decision. I am very calm about it. It will come as a shock to my family. It will hurt them for a little while, but like everything else in life, tomorrow will come and they will continue on living. I have made assurances that you will never find out. It will probably be weeks or months that someone will find out who my true identity is. 

My only regret is that you will never know how sorry I am for hurting you. I wish you only the best in life. I wish you happiness, that you find the love of your life, and have the family that you have always wanted. You will make someone a wonderful husband one day. I know this because I was lucky enough to know what it felt like to have you as one for 5 years.

I will never know whose child it is I carry. It could be yours or it could be that of the man that I slept with to bring our marriage to an end. You will never know either. How can I bring a child into this world knowing the circumstances that surround their conception. So I know I will go to hell for what I am about to do. But I know that my life coming to an end is the only way to set you free.

So I'm setting you free......
