brain tumours and leaving my little sister behindI hope this is the right place. Sorry if this might be long. I have no one else to say this to. 

I’m in the diagnosis process for a rare genetic condition that is caused by excessive cortisol to be constantly running in my system due to either a brain tumor or a tumour on my adrenal glands. The diagnosing is taking so long and I’m terrified for the CT/MRI result. If it comes back a yes i have to get surgery right away. If its a brain surgery, it would be a risky invasive surgery that requires a two year healing period - if i dont fucking die of surgical complications. Also the doctor said theres a chance it could be fucking cancerous. I dont even know if i want to know. 

If it comes back no i - still dont know what the fuck is wrong with me. I have a really really bad feeling it will come out positive. I have every single one of the symptoms, and when I was 13 for three weeks straight i had a recurring nightmare about this. In my dream i was in my bed laying down and i would “wake up” to a voice speaking to me. I couldn’t see who it was so I asked them who they are and It identified itself as the tumor in my head. It laughed at me and told me its eating me slowly and i cant even tell. I woke up fucked up every time because it felt so real. I convinced myself that everyone thinks they have a brain tumor. I didnt tell anyone. I dont tell people my problems. Never have. Everyone thinks im pretty okay but its getting a lot harder to fake it lately. I just dont care anymore. 

My symptoms started when I was two years old, and now after 17 years Im finally in the diagnosis process at 19. I had to find out what the fuck is wrong with me MYSELF. The doctors always told me I was just “going through puberty” or overthinking things. Ive been to so many doctors I KNOW somethings wrong with me  my body is breaking down this isnt normal. Over the years its just gotten worse and worse. Now at 19 theres a high likelihood that tumor has been inside me for 17 fucking years and nobody could tell me that. I had to find everything out for myself. If I realized at 13 that all my fucking ailments and my dream was telling me something fucking clear i wonder how i would be today. I only figured it out because my younger sister is beginning to portray the exact same symptoms. I researched for weeks to find this because i wouldnt let my baby sister go through this shit. The mortality rate is extremely high. 75-95%,  Ive had this for 17 years at least. I dont even want to know how short my lifespan is. I just want my sister to have a good life even if i die soon. Shes just a kid. 

Because of all the cortisol, the doctor said my brain and body is always in fight or flight mode. He wants me to get an evaluation from a psychiatrist because he thinks because of the tumor I have severe anxiety and depression (two more symptoms). I think ive been depressed for so long its all I know myself as. I remember wishing i could die at 9 years old. I didnt know what suicide was then. Im glad i didnt. For most of my life everything has just been gray. Ive always felt nothing, though sometimes I’d hit the peak of the wave and feel happy for a bit. I thought this was normal. I dont know who i am outside of this. This has been my entire life. 

The diagnosing process has made me more fucked up than ive ever been. My insomnia (another symptom) is the worst its ever been. I havent slept in two days now.  My possible depression is pretty bad too. havent drawn anything in weeks. Thats where i get out what i feel. When i try to draw it looks disgusting. Thats the one thing im good and i cant even do that anymore. Everything i do is bad in some manner. I dont even like music anymore. I just feel nothing. I wouldnt kill myself, but i wouldnt stop myself from dying either. I just want peace and calm and quiet. It would be so nice. I love the stars, and i still really do. Sitting outside under the stars listening to pink floyd makes me feel something. I have some hope left in me. 

I dont know if i want to see the result. If its a yes, i have to get surgery. I might die there in pain. Theres a chance it could reoccur, and theres a chance it could be cancerous too. Even if i get surgery the mortality rate is so high whats the point. I dont want my parents to pay all that for me to die a year later. Either way my entire life has just been THIS what a fucking waste. I keep having this dream of me just floating in space with my headphones in listening to maggot brain by funkadelic and its the most peaceful ive ever felt. Just floating in the stars listening to the riffs. When i die i want it to be like that. Alone for all of eternity. Just me and the music and the stars. It would be so nice. 

I just want my sister to get her diagnosis and fixed and live a good long life. Shes little. If i die, i want her to live a long and healthy life. I wouldnt kill myself because that would fuck her up. I know she depends on me and i love her too much to hurt her like that. She would never be the same. But in the end if i die from this 17 year old tumor i know she will be fucked up too. So i will live. For her. Ill fight for her. I hope theres no tumor and if there is, i hope it isn’t cancerous. I know its a dumb gamble to think that way since the likelihood is so high that my doctor isn’t even talking in possibilities anymore. I started writing my book because if i do go i want to leave something behind. I didnt get to do my phd. I didnt even get to finish my undergrad. I always wanted to have kids and know what its like to be pregnant. But its okay if thats not whats in the plan for me. I’ll write my book. Ive already decided that if i die i want to be mixed with bodhiva seeds and planted in a protected forest if i cant be launched into space. Itll be nice and calm there too. But until then ill write my book. Thanks for reading this. I had no one else to say this to. 


Please dont tell me im over reacting to the possibility of the tumor. I dont think i am. I used to, but now its become too real. This is how i can prepare for the result.