I hate myselfI have nothing to look forward to and I hate myself. I am currently a senior in high school and everything about it is horrible, I have "friends",but I question our friendship 99% of the time. I feel they only invite me places because they feel bad for me, but they only invite me once in a while, but the group seems to always hangs out without me . I can't make new friends, since I have no social skills, I can't small talk at all, and have trouble saying the correct thing. I'm not going to prom since the girl I wanted to ask is already going with some else, who just wants to use her. But a large part of the reason why I am not going with her is because a bully had to ruin my chance with her. I have strong feelings for her, and I would talk to her frequently and build a relationship, but a bully said lies about me and got her to stop talking to me, i tried to clear the lies, but more would pop up.eventually we stopped talking completely and it hurts me a lot, and I live with that regret I wanted to ask her out, but my family were going through hard time, and I felt it would be unwise at that time to ask her. But now I can't get over her, I have tried to but she will always be at the back of my mind.

That is part of the reason I hate my life, when I think about the future. I see nothing redeemable about it. I got accepted to a university, but I don't think I can make out in the real world, since I have no work ethic, since I am lazy .I have no good qualities, only bad ones for example, I'm lazy, average intelligence, ugly, and anti-social the lists goes on, but I don't want to waste your time. I also don't find any period in time where I was truly happy. I live in constant regret about what I should have done, but whenever I have something good going for me I will find a way to ruin it. I've tried to be optimistic, but in the end I only see my flaws and my failures. Most of the time I wish I was never born, I want everything to be done and just forget about everything. But I wake up everyday and see the loser I am.