My best friend tried to kill herself last night, I stopped her, but I have no idea what to do.I'll get this first out of the way, I fucking love this girl. I fucking love her to death. She is one of my best friends and we help each other out with our problems and talk a lot about anime, fetishes and stuff. But, she hasn't had the best of times. She's had depression before, but it seemed okay, but she was addicted to cutting afterwards, but she wasn't depressed. Her boyfriend dumped her last week like she was a piece of trash, but he was suicidal too, that is how they bonded, through that. When they broke up, she took days off school. She loved that guy. Loved him to death, only guy she said she really loved. And she has had quite a few boyfriends. She gets help, from a therapist even before she met this guy of hers she had. But they decide to diagnose her with clinical depression, and she gets depression tablets on Friday or so. She doesn't feel good at all, they make her upset and ill. But I insist these take a while to kick in. Over the few days until Tuesday we talk a lot and have fun. But on Tuesday, we talked til 4pm to 12am. We were having a great conversation. But then, her ex gets in her head, and she texts him to demand why he broke up with her, but he just says he doesn't like her anymore. Which I find bullshit, because she is beautiful and has a mensa-tier intelligence. She then goes on about how she is worthless and telling me to "let her go." I partially confess my feelings for her, but I wasn't sure if I was serious, I said I loved her a lot. She then kept telling me to let her go. Then she tells me "godfuckingdammit, why am I so tall?" I alert her best friend about this, where she panics and tells me to go because she is going to hang herself. Luckily, my father was downstairs at 12am on the computer. So I tell him to drive me down to her place to let her parents know. We speed down, and I bang the hell out of the door. 
Her parents wake up a little groggy, but they're calm. I tell them exactly what happened and they go upstairs, I with them, to my best friend coming out of the door. I have never seen her like this. She was like a zombie, it was harrowing. I immediately hug her, and say "Promise me, you'll never do anything like that ever again." She keeps saying sorry in a daze, and kind of looks down on the floor in shame. We go downstairs and my dad is there, we just make small talk, about how her ex is only 1/1000000 of her life, and she'll move on and how we've all been through it etc. We go back home, I shaking. I text her on KIK an half hour later "Are you feeling any better?" which was read when I was watching Lord of The Rings the next morning. I texted her back after the movie, but her phone was off, or likely away. I sent this message at 10am. It is now 10pm. I know it is a bit silly to be worrying after 12 hours in a normal situation, but she just tried to commit suicide, y'know. I'm fucking worried. I have no idea what to talk to her about, how to help her. This is really the first time I have had to ask for help regarding her, I normally know what to do. Please, reddit, I need ideas. 
