Wall of text fuck this i dont care , and you shouldent either life sucks and there is nothing anyone can do about it.Im a kissless virgin at the age of 18, have no job , hardly have an education, have one parent in the looney bin without money, live with my aunt and uncle , my uncle wants me to leave,been depressed for years , i only told my aunt that i was thinking about sucide once , at the age of 8.
Have no friend except for 2 family members , one of whome i expect to be as depressed as me altho he doesnt show it often because he treats me like a brother and doesnt want me to see him that way. Im fat , poor, a bad dresser, anti social have anxiety, cant even talk to a girl, even in a normal conversation there is an awkward pause evertime i speak.

I live my life thru my shadows , a vision of what i want to be , more often than not i pretend to be a heroic person who get the life and the girl of his\my dreams , whether it be a firefighter cop of even gangster walking around in my underwear listening to music pretending to be a bigshot in front of imaginairy people. Im 18 ffs. I

I also live my life thru tv shows , i watch them and get sad and derpressed that my life isnt like theirs, things like friends , how i met your mother.
But more things like skins wich im watching now , it makes me realise what a loser i am .

I cant remeber the last time i dident plan my sucide, i never talk to anyone about it , my aunt cant handle it and will shake it off like i never sayd anything, my uncle doesnt want to hear it, i dont want to bug my derpressed friend and the other guy cant talk about any hard subject like death without wanting to change the topic.

Im pathetic,no future , no past, no life. It wont be tomorrow but someday im going to kill myself, i made a will\testament last month in case i do it .

Help me plz just help me , i cant fucking live like this ive never been happy fucking fuck fuck fuck fuckfucjfhfhdudhdh

I can envision the feeling of dieing , idk how or if it is thr actual feeling, i can make myself feel like how the last second would feel and i am happy, all that weight that is lifted off my shoulders.

The problem is tv shows like skins showing me how i have no life , it used to be icarly and friends ect. Just having real friends i can talk to , someone i can love.it makes me envious, sad depressed. It makes me want to kill myself but series , games movies is just about the only reason why ive not killed myself sooner , its one of my last things to live for.

Im fucked up for 200 more diffrent reasons , and i can only see it getting worse, soon ill be homeless , and thats the moment ill really crack, im pretending everything is fine but it isnt.

Sorry , you dont care why should you and even if you do what diffrence does it make.
Fuck it