I think i know whats causing me to be suicidal but they're things that i can't get away fromhi

so ive been depressed for a long time. Its probably been 4 or 5 years. Im starting to get tired of talking, like i can say as much as i want but its not going to change anything. 

I've been thinking a lot (about why i feel suicidal and depressed). I've realised that in the last 5 years a lot has changed, I've made new friends (who are some of the greatest people ive met), ive starting going to the gym pretty regularly, ive lost weight (gone from being obese to a few kilos away from a normal weight), ive found a passion which i love doing. 

All these things, all these improvements in my life and yet i still feel suicidal. 

There are only 2 things in my life that hasn't changed in these past few years, family and school. 

Which really sucks because there's no easy way out of either of those. 

Family is impossible to get away from unless i run away. But the chances of me surviving are very slim, especially because i have a lot of allergies. 

School is not impossible but hard to get away from. And my parents are really adamant that i go/stay in school. 


And i just don't know what to do. i feel like i know whats causing my depression and suicidal thoughts but i can't get away from them and im just stuck here. 

Im in year 10 right now. If im alive after 2 years i'll be going to university. My parents will probably let me move out to live in a dorm. But i just can't keep living like this for 2 years. Im not even living, im just surviving. just trying to pass the time and forget all of my problems and everything im anxious about. Its not a good life. And even if i survive for 2 years there's no guarantee that life is good. like there's nothing there that i really want to live for and its entirely possible that itll be really shitty. 

My problems with my family involve them being really negative towards me and just negative in general. We never talk about anything positive and i get used almost daily as an example of someone or something bad. Like a boogeyman. This has been going on for as long as i can remember. And they're not going to change. 

My problems with school involve my thoughts that they don't prepare my for real life and its just turning me into a robot so i can just do a job and serve society. Also school focuses on showing that you know stuff rather than actually teaching, in other words they care more about exam scores then actual knowledge or stuff the student has learnt. Schools were built like this. There's absolutely no way its going to change. 


"No one wants to die, they just want the pain to end"

And thats true, i don't want to die, i just want the pain to go away. 