After i'm posting this i'm going to kill myself.A song i’m listening to right now: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzeNAUOp17c


This is pretty much a suicide note. Here’s some information on me:


I'm 15, male. I've always been really sensitive (and adults say i'm smart). I've known since i was 10 that my life will probably end in a suicide.


I've pretty much always been suicidal and nihilistic. I've always been really interested in death too. Since i was 8 i've watched online videos of  people dying. I've watched countless people kill themselves. I've watched those kinds of videos/pictures so much i don't even have an emotional reaction to them anymore.


Look, i know suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. But what’s the point of living anyway? What good will it be? Will i be happy someday? Fuck that. It’s just not worth it.


I often fantasize about killing myself in a very grotesque manner. I've done this since i was 10. I fantasize i'll like put a video camera on, put on some sad music, then stab myself countless times while crying and screaming. Then some days later someone will find my rotting body, the video camera, someone will see the video, get traumatized..


You could never guess i had those thoughts. I seem happy and stable. Even my father sees me as such. My family has always been really broken. My parents would fight and yell at each other when me and my little sister (who's 1,5 years younger than me) were just tiny children. They divorced like 3 years ago, and since then, my little sister has been very fucked up. She started smoking, drinking, dating dangerous guys.. and she's only 14. She probably hates my dad, because he's the one parent who tries to get her to stop these things. He really cares about her, but she keeps being extremely cold to him. She has no clue who she is or why she does what she does. We haven't talked in 2 years. She cuts also.


My mother is an asshole who cheated on my dad many times. She does nothing to stop my sister from smoking. She, in fact, gives my sister the cigarettes she smokes. I fucking despise her for that. I have nothing else to say about my mother.


So, now i’m very sure i’m going to kill myself. I already feel bad for my father who, earlier today, said that i’m the only one who keeps him sane. I already feel bad for my stepmother. I feel VERY bad for them. Also my friends, who would’ve never seen this coming.


But in the end.. it doesn’t matter. When i die, i don’t have to see my father’s life become hell as he tries to navigate life without me. I don’t have to see the tears the people around me are going to shed. I don’t have to see the face of the person who finds my dead body. It just doesn’t matter. Maybe i just wasn’t made to survive.


So now, because being explicit about suicide methods isn't allowed here, i'm just going to say.. i'm killing myself after i post this. No video cameras or screaming tho. Just some sad music, probably the song i linked already. And lots of crying.


Goodbye. If my father reads this, i’m sorry i left you too soon. But please understand, staying any longer would’ve been a fate worse than death.