Suicide is my only optionIt's a long story. I've done my best to shorten it. It's still long. I'm sorry.

Emotional abuse from my parents. Sexual, physical and emotional abuse from my first boyfriend resulting in traumatic memories I still have nightmares about. A lot of alcohol followed. 

Then I quit drinking and dumped my first boyfriend. I developed binge eating disorder.

 My neighbors began to harass me and bully me. High school all over again. Except worse, in a way, because one of my neighbors is another ex of mine. His new girlfriend has psychosis. Sometimes at night I hear her scream. If my nightmares don't wake me up, she does. The other neighbor throws things at my door and screams slurs at me. Cops does nothing.

I stopped talking to my parents. My mother occasionally messages me. I ignore her.

Recently I found out that I will become homeless soon.

My only option would be to move back in with my parents- I can't. Not after how they abused me. And they live in a different city, so it would mean I would have to drop out of school, AGAIN. I'm so close to finishing school, but not close enough to finish it by the end of the month.

Friends have always told me that they admire me, that I'm strong, that it's amazing that I'm still alive. I've taken too many pills sometimes. I've self harmed. I've been put in a mental hospital twice because I would've killed myself otherwise. Usually out of impulse after relationships ended- I couldn't handle abandonment, so I hurt myself. I wanted my life to end. 

Last time I got close to this was 3 months ago, when I saw the person I've loved for years post a picture of himself with someone else, captioning it with how beautiful they were. There is a jealous monster inside of me, after how my abusers baited me into thinking I could always get replaced, that I was useless, a second option. I keep the monster caged. I don't want to lash out and be one of those "crazy girls". The monster claws and screams. All I do is hurt myself and hope to die.

Turns out I'm pretty resilient to high doses of pills. It was then that I told a friend, "I will no longer have emotions."

Since that day I was an empty shell- but I was alive.

Until these news of homelessness arrived.

The few friends I have left compliment me for my strength. "You're still alive." I push them away. I try to self-sabotage and make them hate me. It will be easier when I'm gone then. It will be easier for me to disappear then.

Yet as the days get closer... I feel afraid.

Perhaps it's because I've planned it this time. It's not an impulsive action in the moment. This time it's planned. 

I knew from the start that there is no other way out, that this will solve the suffering. My abusers will never touch me again- not alive at least. I won't need to be afraid of my neighbor anymore. I won't be kept awake at night by my ex's new girlfriend screaming in horror while the voices in her head tell her to hurt herself. I won't need to move in with my abusers again or worry about my education or the extra weight my eating disorder is giving me. The jealous monster will die with me... That feeling after someone abandons me won't be there anymore. I won't be plagued by my unrequited love for that person anymore... Yes, my life is truly at the bottom. It's the perfect time to die.

Why am I hesitating?

There is no life for me. The present sucks. I don't have a future.

So why the fuck do I feel so scared? Why do I go on Reddit and share these personal details about my life?