I’m so close to giving up.I just thought I wanna share my story. 17 and already wanted to kill myself several times. It has been really hard. Born and raised in Southeast Asia I’m just so tired of it. Nothing here fascinates me anymore. I just hate my life so much. My whole life watching movies, films and reading book on what life is like in America has always been so nice. I hate it here. No friends. No parties. Everyone’s so into their own world. And more importantly I don’t even like ANY girls here. Never did. Never seen a girl that could catch my attention for 2 seconds here. Dropped out of college because too stress. My family is muslim and I’m forced to do whatever prayers they tell me to and keep doing it. Fasting etc. I’m just so sick I just don’t believe in Islam. I just want out from my life right now. Everytime I mention my depression to my mom she just laughs it off and acts like it’s a joke. I have been sitting in my room rotting for 6 months just watching videos reminding myself how life is so much better out there. Better yet next year I’m supposed to serve the country because we should all be ‘proud’ for our country. No it’s fucking bullshit. Serve with pride? I don’t want to serve fucking shit. Next 2 years of my life would be me stuck in the goddamn army with no expectation on what to come after that. I really don’t know what to do with my life anymore. Even if I make it past the next 2 years what am I gonna do? I have no college degree whatsoever, no job experience no connections no everything. I just wish I was born into a different family in a different country. It’s a deathwish here. If you don’t study your life’s over. Atleast in America there’s so many opportunities to make your life work out in the end but that’s just in the US. That’s my life right now. Waiting to get enlisted and waste another 2 years of my life serving with ‘pride’ for the country. If I ever make it to 20 years of age, for what it’s worth I hope I make it out to the US one day :)