Everything seems shrouded in a dense fog**Hi SW, I have posted something here before so I will save the life story because nobody wants to read it anyway. **http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/t2zwi/do_not_know_what_to_do/

	A few things have changed since then but the condition my mind is not improving, may even be getting worse or since I started researching mind ailments I have just been noticing the symptons that have always been there. 
A few weeks ago I moved in with some friends as my Dad moved out of the city, I thought having constant company would be awesome for me as that is something that has been severely lacking for the past few years just making things worse but I hardly exist to them even living with them, I have nowhere else to stay but I do not want to stay anywhere else. For the first time in my life I have absolutely no family to talk to, and no friends it seems a lot of the time, can't handle this kind of isolation when the isolation is a big part of the problem in the first place. Work is not so stressful anymore, especially after coming out of my mental barrier so I can get along with people better now which is alright I guess even though I just see them at work. I still feel like I do not understand this world enough, seems like there is only so far I can get learning things on my own before I hit a brick wall and I do not know where to go from here, with no family around to ever help me, friends acting like I do not exist. I may have some sort of mental health issue as well, I noticed a few months ago just how sensitive I had become to light and loud sounds to the point of where loud unnecessary noise irritated me, I see things out of the corner of my eyes, look and there's nothing out of the ordinary there, always really paranoid. I do not know what to do anymore, talking does not seem to help and I have no idea how to deal with this anymore.
 I am scared for the future, my mind is clouded and I am always distracted lately. Burdens of the past. 
It seems I have failed at keeping it short but I always fail at everything so I am used to it by now.