Rockbottom, I desesperatly need help. I want to die.I've never been the type of person to reach out Online for help when it comes to suicide. And even if I've been more on 4chan than Reddit in my short live, I think Reddit would be best for help and 4chan would probably not help me that much but mostly create oportunities to commit the unforgivable. 

Long story short.. not my first time in this dark void and surely not my first time being THAT deep down. I am actually sitting on rock bottom now. I am in my mid-20s and tried to kill myself 2 times already in the last 5 years. 

It's funny because I am really born in the luckiest position ever. Had an amazing familly, both loving and fullfilling. Both parents around the table every night, a brother with whom I was able to be an older brother for and with whom I learnt a lot about myself. Friends and social life was more than active, hanging out with people all the time. Knows pretty much everyone around me and I have nothing to evy to anyone. Had many relationships, both good and bad. Had amazing jobs, some were life changing others aren't written down on my resume. If people were asked why they are shocked that I killed myself, I am confident enough to say that it might be because nobody saw it coming. It's really that sad. Nobody would ever believe that I actually wanna die now.. little they know, I already tried twice since I've known most of them. 

First time was when I realized that what I thought to be a ' perfect familly ' was mostly hidden problems and.. having my mom telling me that she doesn't love my dad anymore but she stays with him because she doesn't want to fuck up the whole thing for us. She admitted to me that she was scared to leave my dad.. afraid that she would find him hanged in a closet somewhere. That weekend, I took my car and drove on the highway until I reached 230km/h. At the peak of my speeding, everything was calmed and clear. I wanted to die and dying at 230km/h looked like my favority ways to go. I slowed down and took the corner at normal speed 1 mins after seeing my mom calling me on my phone.. little she knew, I was 30secs away from crashing at 230km/h..

That was it, my vision of familly was broken. As time passed, more and more shit happened. My dad got angry at me once, for no reason, flipped and grabed me by the troat and cranked a punched before realizing what he was doing. Only years later, I learnt that he had a neurologic condition that would make him more and more violent overtime. Now he can flip at any given time, there's mostly fights at home and I haven't seen much of my familly in a really long time. 

Dispite having many relationships with girls. I've never been really confident in myself. I wasn't bad looking, in fact, my friends were laughing at me for saying that I was " shy " or having a bad self-esteem of myself when they all wanted to have a bit more of my " lightness " of living and less of their own personnal issues. Little they knew.. I was deeply depressed inside. I scored the most beautifull women I could dream of, lived the perfect relationship for a while and then we moved on. We both left traveling, met on the way, had fun and left ourselves again traveling our own roads and meeting between destinations or during christmass. This relationship set a standard that made me giving up early on many following relationship. I had few.. but not as good as that one. Not even close.. 

Relationships, social life and studies were doing all great. I am surrounded by the most loving group of people and they are really more than what I deserve. My second atempt happened during one of my travel in Canada. I was away from everything, in the most beautifull placed I've seen at that time and taking a look back, I couldn't find a reason to comeback home. Social concept of 9/5 was never my vision anyways. Thinking about all I've done and should've done was a good introspection. That's when I took what should've been a lethal dose of drugs. The next few days were nothing short of a secret to everyone but the nurse of the hospital. 2 weeks later, I was in a car and on my way back home. At that point, I was on my second tour in that bad curve of mine and didn't know what to do with my life. 

So here I am now. From that second atempy, I had relationships that all turned out to be boring to me. I started my dream courses in college and gave up on it.. for no reason. I ruined a scholar profile that could get me in medschool to now being forced to take specific classes and exams if I want to reintegrate any college/universities. Had an amazing job, not anymore. Had another amazing job, not anymore. 

This Christmass, I realized that I was hiding a depression. My sleeping shedule have been messy for a long time by now. Got into a really good flat with some really great friends but no luck in finding a job. I am broke now, working a shitty job but always end up short at the end of the month. Had to come back to my parent's house to get some money on the side but all I achieved here in the last 2 months is realizing how in bad shape my familly turned out to be but worst, how fast I detoriated from the kid I used to be. 

I registered to university firnext year, I don't know if I have the profile to be accepted or if my fucked up file isn't too bad for them. It's in a city where I can't affort to live now. I have that massive bill to pay every months because I am not there anymore, but I still pay for the place. And I am here, awake mostly when everyone sleeps. In front of my computer between doing video projects and googling ways to kill myself. Crying almost every nights dreaming of the day it might be over. The only thing that really stopped me for years is the idea that I will completly destroy my Ex heart and most importantly, my mother's heart. 

But today, my pain of living is dangerously closing to the pain I feel when I think about my mother. But the moment the pain of leaving is greater than the other.. I know I will make my move. 

I know there's better to come, I just don't have the strenght to continue anymore. I'd rather die and leaving with the sweet memories that I sherish now. 