There's just too muchI don't know where to even begin. My dad died in a car accident in January. We were very close. I miss him so much. My mom has been battling cancer for around a year now. It's metastatic. We are in last round of chemo. Doesn't look good, even though we put on a happy face. My stepfather lost his job and had to take one on the other side of the state, so I need to help take care of my mom and my two half siblings. I'm glad to do it too, they're good kids. But if she doesn't make it, my partner and I are going to be parenting way out of our depth.
My grandmother is relying on me for help too. 
It feels like I'm trying to support all of these people and I don't even get the chance to grieve or to try to find some rest. It feels like I won't eve r get to rest really. 
I can't deal with the level of pressure on me. I've started self-injuring again. Had been clear for 5 years before that. 
I feel so isolated. I feel so tired. It feels like I'll never get to rest and properly grove or even have a moment to myself. It's to the point where getting off at the next stop seems easier than continuing. 
I just want to rest for a bit. I've gone away. It didn't help. I'm away right now still actually, in a hotel. I guess I thought that if I ran fast enough I could escape it all, but I don't think I can. I don't think I'll ever be able to. 
Just like I can't get away from the sight of his truck. Or him. I had to identify him. There was no one else. The truck was worse. The cab had been crushed all the way. The engine block was under the cab. I could see the splash of blood on the right passenger window. The window I used to look out when we were going camping when I was a child. The glass was everywhere, all over what was left of the floor. All over the capsule machine toy I had given to him when I was 5. That he'd kept for 20 years. I had to pry the driver s side door off to try to get inside the cab. It lifted like a tent flap. I could see the blood on the airbag and on the seat headrest. And God help me the smell. Even months later I still can smell blood and oil and steering fluid all burnt. It's like it clings to the memory. That memory seems to follow me. I can't be rid of it. I can't get rid of any of it, and I need to rest.