BirthdayIt’s my birthday tomorrow. I’ll be 33 and I don’t even want my family to celebrate it for me I’ve never actually liked to celebrate it. Mostly because I’v never wanted to be here anymore so why celebrate the day I was born. At least that’s how I see it. As I said recently I have bought a plane ticket and a hotel for the last two nights of 2020. Then on New years day it’s happening I’m done I’m not going through another year of endless pain and not being able to truly talk about my issue. Also doesn’t help my family keeps telling me I’m making it all up in my head and that I need to grow up and act like a man. I know they mean well and they just don’t want me to leave but it’s so aggravating to hear them say this over and over again. I have spent the past 10 to 12 years infatuated with this sick attraction I have towards younger girls. And it doesn’t stop it hasn’t since it started. And I have confessed it to them and every time I mention it they tell me I’m wrong and that I’m just being over dramatic from my wife leaving me just about a year ago. That I can’t handle it because I’m just not man enough or don’t have the balls to fight through it and forget her. But yes I’m hurt that she left me and has found someone new and looks happier in the few months she’s been with him than the almost 10 years we were together. Even our daughters have a better time when he visits them or takes them to his house. Yes it hurts to see this and it hurts to know she’s happier without me and that she’s forgotten me and the only reason she still communicates with me is for the girls. And it hurts but at the same time I understand her and I don’t blame her. What was she supposed to do when I told her I had an attraction to younger girls and I liked to cross dress and I’m addicted to porn. I’m lucky she didn’t call the cops on me and that I can still see my girls even if it’s only two days of the week. But I know she only lets me see them because I live with my parents and I’m never alone with them I know she doesn’t trust me. I never asked to be like this I was not abused as a child I did not grow up in an abusive household or had any type of drama that involved an adult molesting me or touch me. Why did I develop this why am I like this I’m a good person I didn’t deserve this. I’m ashamed I’m disgusted at myself. I sometimes want to cut my face to reveal the true monster underneath. I can’t live with this anymore I just can’t. It gets harder everyday and every time I mention it to my family they just deny it over and over again. But I know the truth and I know what I am and it sickens me so much. But I want to stop this now before I no longer see this is wrong and I accept it as just a part of me. I don’t want to accept this I don’t want to be like the millions of individuals in the world that believe there’s nothing wrong with them. I rather die then ever believe that. This has to end and the day can’t get here sooner.