How often can you think about suicide and have it be "moderate"? Can someone provide a frame of reference? Or rate my suicidal ideation? I don't know if I'm being dramatic.I feel like I'm so far removed from a healthy thought pattern that I don't know what's in the range of normal.

I know that never thinking about suicide is the healthy ideal. 

But how often does a "moderately" suicidal person think about suicide? What do those thoughts entail? Can you provide examples of the difference between passive and active ideation because I feel like there's a lot of unacknowledged grey area in there.

I'm sorry for asking so many questions.

I probably think about suicide... a few times an hour on average? I have a hard time quantifying it. I usually spend the first hour or so of the day grappling with these thoughts and trying to will myself out of bed. On bad days it's more than just one hour. Then anytime anything stressful happens I'll have really intense thoughts of suicide. Sometimes I feel like "I NEED TO KILL MYSELF" is screaming in my head and it helps to say it out loud or write it down. Anytime anything goes wrong, I do something wrong, someone is annoyed, I'm annoyed, I jump to suicide. This is passive right? Because I'm not actively planning?

On really bad days I think about how, and when, and toy with actually doing something about it sooner rather than later, but I never come out of that with concrete plans. Sometimes I have an urge to do something impulsively but it's still easy to shut down. That one worries me a little bit though, it's kind of new. I've been suicidal since I was 11 (I'm 28) but it was always slow and calculated, so the fact that I'm getting sudden urges to just *jump* doesn't feel great. But mostly it's still the long game, I won't kill myself until my parents die because they'd be too sad. I have friends and other family but they would recover, idk if my parents would. 

I don't know what I'm asking, I just genuinely have no frame of reference for what's normal. How often do normal people think of suicide? Are my thoughts normal? Is this mild, moderate, severe? On a scale of 1-10 does this count as being suicidal or am I over reacting?