Hope &amp; perspective neededThere are no words to describe the pain I feel tonight. The last couple weeks have been a complete nosedive, and I don't know why. If I contact my psychiatrist about potentially increasing my mood stabilizer, she will tell me that I need to get back in therapy, and right now there are complicated reasons why I "can't" (please don't tell me to get therapy; that is not what this is about right now).

I guess I need to hear from someone other than myself or the people involved in the situations that are causing me so much pain and stress, that it will be okay. That although something may feel like the end of the world right now, and suicide may feel like the answer, there is potential for happiness. I can't even begin to get into the situation at hand, but it is the definition of being stuck between a rock and a hard place.

One component of it comes down to the fact that I am making one person my entire world, and I am willing to hurt myself and kill myself over them. There is nothing they can do differently or have done wrong--they have at times begged me to leave because they know what this is doing to me--and we are both victims of shitty circumstances that I struggle to accept. I have no faith that anything will turn out well and my recent depression has made me all the more pessimistic, hopeless, angry, resentful, and fucking sad.

I know that life is worth/about more than that. I know that happiness comes in many forms and not always how we envision it. I guess I just need perspective. I feel so strongly that I am going to end my life, but I know it isn't that. I just want to end *this* life and end my suffering. Any perspective--please, not the "it's *just* a relationship" type--about the nature of life and happiness and hope in general would be much appreciated. Why should I have hope? Why should I not want to kill myself? How do I know I'll be happy if I stay alive? It seems so obvious, yet to the suicidal mind I think we all know it is not.