“I am alone, and they are everyone” - DostoevskyI’ve never done anything like this before - opening up to an online community filled with strangers, but I’m truly at my wits end. And if there’s a chance that this decision of mine may prove useful, I suppose I’m obliged to try. I’m also not sure how to begin, so I’ll just jump right in. 

I’ve not had a happy life. I grew up in a “family” ruled by a very angry prideful man, and a woman who enabled him by constantly justifying his actions/forgiving him. 

As the only child of 3 siblings who has ADHD (a thing which went undiagnosed till the age of 19), meant that every single misstep I took was met with violence for those 19 years. 

These acts were often veiled with words of love and worry, “we hit you because you need to learn to focus better.” “It hurts us to do it too, but you deserve it.” Etc etc. 

For the longest time I believed them. 

So I’ve been trying all my life to be better but there is no such thing as “good enough” in the eyes of such people. 

It’s a zero sum game. 

I either conform to their notions of “good” and forgo my own existential needs, or I stick to my guns and endure physical/emotional abuse. 

This was a realization I arrived at about a year ago while in Med school. 

Needless to say, my grades plummeted. My drive and motivation is zero. And I’m just filled with this immense sadness/weight. 

I tried confronting my “family,” but I was called weak, and viewed as a disappointment. When my hurt gave way to anger, I was then viewed as an abuser. 

And now, I’ve been financially cutoff from them. My parents are also going out of their way to limit any and all contact with other family members. 

I’ve since taken a gap year from school and am working to try and pay my way through it but it seems hopeless. With my grades, I doubt I’d be able to find a job when I graduate, assuming I can of course make enough to actually survive. 

I’m also seeking professional help and have been diagnosed with both depression and PTSD. The only thing is I don’t have the money to keep going to therapy so I feel stuck as hell. 

I feel robbed. 

I know what I’m capable of and this isn’t it. 

But history sticks to your feet, and I can’t shake off the weight of my past. 

I’m so tired of carrying this immense loneliness inside me - a loneliness so real that sometimes being around people who care for me actually makes me feel lonelier because I know that this is something these friends of mine can’t even possibly understand. 

I want to die, and the only thing staying my hand is uncertainty. 

I keep telling myself that if death is the best option, then surely I can wait a few more weeks to assess the situation better.

So I guess my question is this - what’s the fucking point to all this?

People say it’ll get better but honestly? Fuck those people. How can they possibly know that? It could very well get worse too. 

In the face of the uncertain future, and in the face of a very real and present suffering, is there a reason to continue living?