ByeI feel like the last 3 years of my life have completely disappeared. I promised myself I would be dead by 18, and now I’m 18 and I’m still alive unfortunately. Everything just became worse the minute I turned 18, no one cares about you when you’re an adult. You have to make life decisions even though you know you don’t have much of a life left, especially since you don’t want to spend a long life of being miserable. It doesn’t help that I can barely function in society without feeling pain because I’m a nervous wreck. My memory is basically gone, Im unaware of anything that is happening in the world, I’m exhausted all the time. I have suicidal thoughts all the time. Talking to therapists and my time spent in the mental hospital when I was 16 has not helped at all. No medication I took helped relive the pain. My family is dysfunctional, My parents are divorced, I hate my father who is an absolute creep, I have friends I guess but I hate interacting with people. I feel like I’ve wasted most of my life, I had a passion for writing but that passion is gone now I have no motivation for anything, and my ability to write and do anything has deteriorated. Also I’m constantly insulting myself so it takes ages to write or do anything. I barely eat. My grades are failing and it’s only because I have no motivation to put any effort in. Every time I want to sleep for just one day when I feel like absolute shit, and if I miss one day of school my parent threatens to make me see a therapist again or go to the hospital. So I cannot talk to them about how I really feel, not that it matters anyway because I am terrible at communicating, I have SCD and Dysthymia. I’m always compared to terrible people in my life such as my father. People often say you will get over your depression but I have had permanent severe depression for the past 6 years and to make it worse the only thing that has brought me a slight joy is watching living things suffer and die. And to make it even more worse I hate my gender, I hate being female, I’ve always felt like the things I don’t do such as straighten my hair/wear make up etc would be perfectly fine as a male, but because I’m a female I’m judged. I don’t want to shave my hair or anything but I wish I was born male, it would’ve been easier. But either way life would still be terrible.  There’s no purpose to life and I’m sick of feeling sad and ashamed every minute. I will be doing the world a favour when I die.