I don't know how to copeLet me preface this by saying I have 2 kids. One is from my ex wife, my son, and I had him by myself from the time he was 3 months old until my wife and I met when he was 3. He is 15 now. Then my wife and I had a daughter. She is 9.

Ok, I am semi disabled. I am not considered disabled enough to get social security, but I am disabled enough that I can't work.

I am at home all the time. The only peace I get is when the wife is at work and the kids are in school. 

On the weekends, or after 3pm when then kids get home, it's nonstop CONSTANT bickering between them. 

Then add in the fact the wife gets home, and is stressed because I can't work and we barely scrape by, the SECOND she gets home, she starts pounding shots of vodka. 

Then it gets real interesting...

The kids continue their yelping at each other.... The wife is pounding shots of vodka, and my son and my wife CONSTANTLY fight. Nonstop. Each one expects me to pick their side, which I never do. I don't pick any sides. I normally just go to the other end of the house and put headphones on because the few times I have tried to stop them, it suddenly becomes my fault they are fighting (I know it isn't, but it's what the wife still says...) I can't take their fighting.... Over trivial petty shit. It can be anything from him putting ketchup on eggs to him simply wanting to use the dog soap to give his dog a bath. But it's constant. It's nonstop. Now my 9 year old sees this for what it is. This makes me feel even worse. Somehow it always comes down on me. It's always my fault somehow. Even though I don't fight. I don't drink. I don't do drugs (anymore.) But I still get told this is my fault... 

We recently moved back to my home where I grew up in Birmingham Alabama from Eugene Oregon. In Oregon to escape from the constant fighting, I found myself getting addicted to Heron. I won't say it was because of their fighting. I know I have to take responsibility for my own actions. But I sure used it as an escape. I got myself clean and recently celebrated 8 years of sobriety. 

Tonight though, I think I've had enough. It's so F-ing difficult staying alive just for the benefit of others. I know that I likely wouldn't survive another round of smack. But to be honest, drifting off and never waking up seems like my best recourse.

I just don't know what to do. 

My mind starts and it won't stop. I am having dreams of killing myself. In my dreams, the quietness of the darkness is just so satisfying. It makes me long for it.

I just don't see the point of fighting on. Because it's just another day. After I go to bed and have that peaceful dark quiet, it starts all over just a few short hours later.

You can call me weak or a coward... Although I have tried suicide before. I woke up 18 hours later with the rig still in my neck, spitting out teeth (I went face first into a porcelain sink.) And I can say without question that actually taking that step to end your life, is the least cowardly thing someone can do. It takes more courage to actually take that step than anything I've ever done before.

I just don't know how much longer I can hold out. Frankly, I don't see the point... 