I’m dreading living another yearIt’s December and I’m still alive. While I’m grateful I was able to get through another year, I find find myself wondering if I want to do this all again. This year was bad to say the least. Was it the worst year I’ve ever experienced? Probably not. This year was a very bad year for my eating, but I feel like if I hadn’t done that to my body I would’ve been an even worse state of mind now. I don’t understand why it had to come to doing that to myself to make my parents understand that it’s not a joke. But did I ever get help? No. And even if I did, what difference would it make? I hate my life and simply talking isn’t going to fix anything. I constantly go through double depressive episodes, and I know for a fact my dysthymia isn’t curable. I see a psychiatrist 3 times a year, but he doesn’t help. I lie to him because I hate him so much. I’ve been going to him since I was 10 and I’ve never told him anything because he’s an old bastard that has no idea what he’s talking about. That’s not even an exaggeration; he told me I should have a phone and he put my sister on Lithium. A drug she REALLY didn’t need. I’m not going into that though. As for my life, I’m not going to get through this. No matter what happens, this life will not end in my favor. My preferred suicide method would be jumping, but I don’t know where I could possibly do that that would be high enough and private. Every other suicide method doesn’t seem nice. I hate my family for doing this to me. I’ve always had a problem but I guess they thought it’d go away with age. Well no, it didn’t. I don’t want to get better at this point I just want to die. I genuinely have nothing to look forward to, and while I could be successful, I don’t see myself being happy. I don’t want to experience life because it all seems so pointless. I hate my family so much I want them gone. My mental health is terrible but I can’t do anything to help myself because I’m too young. I hated my childhood and I’m going to hate adulthood. I don’t even want to try it. I haven’t seen my family in a week now, and I don’t plan on seeing them until Christmas but god I don’t want to see them. I want them out of my life because they’ve done nothing but make my life a living hell. Maybe if they would’ve helped when I was younger it would’ve been fine, but not anymore. I’m tired of living like this. I don’t want to go home. I wish I was 18 already so I could go away and test out life. Don’t think I’d like it, but honestly I want to test the waters for a few days until I die but that’s too far into the future and the bad outweighs the good so fuck life and fuck recovery. I really do believe other people can get better, but I know I’m the exception. It’s all downhill from here. My writing is probably really bad but I don’t care. I just want to stop feeling like this 