I need to know how to ask for help.I'm scared of letting anyone know what I've been thinking for years, which is also why this is a throwaway, but I've been wanting to stop existing since I was young. I almost want to say I've wanted to die since I first understood the concept, but I don't know if that is completely true. As a 23 year old, I've thought about dying at least weekly for almost the past 10 years, and that was during the best of times. I often thought about it daily, and currently have been feeling more and more strongly like committing suicide since probably June. For months I've thought about suicide between every thought I can remember. 

If you met me, you'd never know. If you knew what to look for, you might notice me getting more quiet and reserved, but on the surface I'm a very outgoing and friendly person. Since I was little, I never complained about anything I was sad about. Except for the occasional times where I broke down about everything I'd been bottling up, I would always make myself smile and pretend to be happy so that I wouldn't be a burden to anyone in my life. I've never asked for help in any emotional capacity and every girlfriend I've ever had would tell you that I'm a brick wall when we start talking about feelings. If I'm hurt, you would never know. I have always tried to deal with my problems on my own. I've only told one person in my entire life that I wanted to die and it was a girlfriend of several years that doesn't speak to me anymore (I told her about my years of depression and let slip that the only reason I hadn't killed myself was because of my parents, and that sometimes I wished something bad would happen to them just so that I could feel like it was okay to die).

**(This next paragraph is the important one)**

I could write pages and page on why I don't want to exist and what I feel like, tying in plenty of corresponding concepts and relevant literary works, but I'm not here to explain why I wish I didn't ever have to exist. I've been living with this for a long time so I can assure you I've already moved through the entire philosophical debate on my own before finally coming to a rest at this point. I'm here because I want to find help. How do I tell my parents I need help? (This might be a stupid question, but) Where can I find help in Northern California (San Jose area)? I don't know what to tell my parents first, and I don't know what to tell them when they ask me why. I am scared I'll bring it up, but retreat into myself and try to pretend like I'm fine and that they don't need to worry about anything once I sense the smallest amount of distress on their faces. I don't want to be a burden, but I don't know how not to be. I know I need help if I want to keep from hurting my family, but I don't know how to ask. I'm not sure if anyone here can help me, but for some strange reason I trust you guys. You might have an answer I haven't thought of, or you might be able to explain why I actually can do the answers I've already thought of. Or, I don't know, encourage me to act? Just, something. 

I studied psychology in college, so I'm sure I'll understand all the definitions people throw at me and remember when I first applied them to myself, so please don't try to tell me what I have. I'll wait for a Psychologist/Psychiatrist to diagnose me in person after a few sessions. No, this post is just about how I am going to seek help, because I'm lost in what I need to do.

Aside from trying to diagnose me, I don't need people telling me what life changes I should make. I've been doing that and it hasn't worked for me. I have started doing something I'm most passionate about and have good friends and family, even a girlfriend, but I still move through every second wishing I didn't so that I wouldn't have anyone I'd feel guilty leaving. It's not about what life I have, it's about who I am and whatever illness I have. Also, I'm not religious and I will never be religious, so I don't need that kind of advice. 

And, I know I should go fuck myself. I have no reason to feel this way about anything. I don't deserve to feel depressed about existing, but I do and I want help because I don't want to hurt the people that care about me. For a while I didn't care, but I know my suicide would kill my mom and she doesn't deserve that from me. I've been enough trouble for my parents to explain to their friends, this would be too much.