It feels like it's just a matter of timeHello again Reddit. Sorry for unloading all my crap on you guys. I just feel the need to let something out, and it's easier for me to talk about it to total strangers. It feels like I lived a third of my life away without results. Every since my dad died 5 years ago, I inherited the family business and responsibilities. I became responsible for the business, the people, my mother, and siblings. While not spectacular, things seem to be doing fine.

It dawned on me that every one of my siblings seems way too content with their lives. There doesn't seem to be any effort in trying to improve themselves or involve themselves deeper into the business. I won't be around forever to take care of them. And no one seems to mind that. As with most Asian culture, It's been pounded into my head that after my father, I am responsible for everything. Their failure is my failure. My gains are their gains.

I'm not a smart man. I don't have the technical genius to invent things, nor do I have the business savy to make ground breaking deals. Having to make all the top line risky business decisions is tough. I've made several bad decisions that costed me. I struggled very hard every time to recover and learn from my mistakes. Failing to recover will cost several people jobs. But the number of times I've come very close is getting to me.

I married the love of my life 3 years back. Things should be OK, but I did not realize how wrong I was. I was an idiot. I married out of my social class. I should have known life isn't that forgiving. Suffice to say that with this last blunder, I stretched myself and my resources too thin and overestimated my capacity. I now feel empty for her. I know there's a lot of people worse off than I am. But the weight of the responsibilities for so many people, my financial position and my marriage feels like is driving me insane. It really feels like the clock is ticking for me. I can feel I'm close to offing myself. I just can't take more of this. Every day feels like another problem I need to tackle. Every night I wished I'd never wake up in the morning.

Sorry for the grammar. English isn't my first language and I'm far from being sober.