It's getting difficult...Ive been diagnosed with depression and anxiety since I was young. I don't suffer from cultural stemmed depression, mine is purely a chemical imbalance. Im 25 now, i've tried pills, i've tried therapy (that was pointless, i had nothing to be depressed over). But now it's all come to a head.

I recently got rid of a part of my family because of a lot of reasons, stemming from physical and mental abuse as well as a few other issues that when i got rid, seemed to lighten the load. One less thing to have to worry about.

I know there is no cure for what I have and coming to terms with that has been difficult.. is still difficult. The smallest of things are completely blown in proportion to the point where a small argument pulls me back into a kind of existential crisis. I sit and think to myself that all we are is the memory that lives on of us and in a couple hundred years we are nothing but the dead. If there is nothing on this planet that can satiate my emotions then what is the point. If you think of your emotions on a happy scale of 1 to 10 most people sit at a 5, completely in the middle. Thats where i want to be. But instead I'm more of a 2/3... the things that make me happy are having to work extra hard and the things making me sad do it with ease.

I don't feel like i have anyone to talk too. My best friend is sick of me and I don't blame her. I put her through alot and I think she's finally come to the realisation that I'll always be the same. I'm trying my best to sort things out with her because she is the only person I really talk to, I have my mother and I have my friend and that's it. I have a lot of acquaintances but not many people I'd call friend.
I'm worried at this point in my life that I've done all i can to distract myself. Thats what i used to do.. if you dont think about it and think about other stuff then it doesnt exist anymore. Except it does, every time i stop and get a moment to myself, it always comes back. Im worried that the distractions are less and less.

Suicide has been mentioned to me before and I told everyone that I would never do it because I'm too scared and I wouldnt want to hurt anyone else. But as time progresses suicide is becoming more and more present in my thoughts. I dont want to commit suicide, I want to be better. But there is no...better... I am what I am...

I dont want to live like this for the rest of my life.

I don't see a way of changing anything and really what is the point of my collection of memories if not enjoyed. I am a human, I function and that is as much as I have.
