I am 16y/o and just feel lostHello,

I have no where else to really post this. No one would listen, and those who would, would say nothing to it. 

I am 16 years old. I live not too far from the city in a suburban upscale neighborhood. I get everything I want; most times I don't deserve it. From 4th to about 7th grade I was bullied constantly. I saw school counselors and even went to therapy temporarily. Nothing helped, friends didn't care, teacher didn't give a shit, I was too afraid to go to even family. This led to me not going through normal teenager activities. To this day I have not be social at all. I stick to my close friends, and even those are now drifting apart. From when I was about 12/13 years old I was suicidal. I would cut, and I was incredibly depressed. I came to my senses and realized I had a life to live, and begun to live it. Around 9th grade however, I still had nothing. I only had those 4-5 friends. I had still never been to a high school football game, a party, homecoming, bali, nothing at all. I had done nothing social. I instead found gaming. It became my passion and alongside school, it became my life. I would play very frequently trying to indulge myself into the game to get away from my problems. But eventually my parents had had enough. They completely stopped me from gaming by putting up firewalls on the router modem, preventing me from playing ANYTHING. This had a HUGE impact on me initially. In sophomore year I kept trying to find ways around my parents to get to play. It was like recession. I eventually came to control it. This year I started off strong in school. I was a B-C average kid, and now I am averaging A-B's even though it has only been a month and a half into the school year. It was motivating up until my social feelings rose up inside me again. I realized I had never done anything with a girl before. Nothing. No talking, no hanging out, never had a first kiss, never been in another girls room or house for that matter, never cuddled, and never slept with a girl. I honestly couldn't care less about that last one but it still lingers there. I started to try to be social, but soon came to realize that the majority of the kids who had seen me get bullied, or had bullied me come to my high school. No one wanted to talk to me for the kid who I was trying to become. It was torture. 
I then was on Instagram one day, and I saw a picture of a girl who was saying "Streaks" for snapchat. Streaks are a thing on a social media app called snapchat. I started a streak with her, and I followed her alt and main accounts on Instagram. I posted a really sad picture with commentary on it and she messaged me asking me what was wrong. I then just poured my heart out to this complete stranger and for the first time, this one first person felt sorry for me. She expressed her sympathy and reached out in a very, very kind manner. We started to FaceTime daily. For two weeks we would FaceTime. I would start to become attracted to her. It was quick, but I didn't know how to control my feelings. I came to know she lived 40 minutes away and that I would not be able to meet her for 3 months until I got my license. She came to learn about my attraction towards her, and she accepted it... I thought. Two days after that she just stopped talking to me. She blocked everything of my out of the blue. I was devastated, confused, angry, and just saddened. Since then I have been down. My grades started to slowly fall and I lost passion for everything I loved. I became depressed again. All I wanted to do and have wanted to do was cuddle with someone. I had read that this was good for you, and that it would help me become happier and more relaxed. But then I realized that no one would ever want to cuddle with me ever. Who would want to be in the same couch, bed, chair as me? The kid who was the odd-one-out. The ugly kid who didn't have any friends. Now I have become more like my 6th grade self. Not maturity wise, but rather emotionally wise. I have become slightly more suicidal, more self-harm, more everything that I had locked away and didn't want a part of me. I don't know what to do. I can't drive which helps me a lot to relieve emotions, and I can't just cuddle and talk to anyone I know. I am just becoming more and more lost, and I don't know what to do. 