I convince myself that I am just overdramatic and that the way I've been thinking for the past 3 or 4 years is normal.I wrote 3 suicide notes at 10 pm. One for my parents, online friends, and real life friends. I have compared the costs of a funeral to a 3 years of college tuition. Imagine having to buy quickly at a shop but your mind thinks about " hOw bOuT wE rUN INTO THE STREET WHILE THERE'S A CAR YEAH?!" And everytime I try to take a step I end up backing out.

I have a dog. I don't want my dog to be sad. I have parents, they fight mostly because of me, so maybe if I go life would be a bit easier for them. I am tired. I would like to rest. I beg to pass as I sleep. I can't tell this to anyone because they won't be able to handle it. I want professional help, I can't tell that to anyone either because we can't afford it, and because I have already failed my class and chance in a scholarship and everything I do causes a new shit and I feel like I don't deserve to ask for help but I do want it, I want to know if something is wrong with me, to have a reason to explain why I forget things, why I fuck things up and have difficulty expressing myself. If I can't get that then I just want to go away without hurting anyone but how do I do that? I can't either.

I like to convince myself I am overdramatic. That this is normal because I just think like this during stressful moments. It's normal to want to die when you're going through a rough patch. But is it still normal if you've been like this for 3 or 4 years already? Yes, right? It's okay I don't need help. Normal people think like this. I convince myself HARD that I am normal.

An internet friend asked me last night if I'm okay. I said no. I don't know how to tell him this because no teenager that isnt a professional will be able to handle my thoughts. I just want to flat out tell him I need help but of course, what can a couple of teens do to afford therapy. Yes, nothing.

This is just me rambling about what I have been thinking for ages. It doesnt make complete sense. It doesnt have to. I just want to let it out. Thanks.