PainSince 13 I've struggled with depression. That's about 10 years, 9 of which I've received treatment. Doctors and therapists no longer believe they can help me beyond keeping my mental condition stable. Hence I ended up at least capable of providing for myself and being useful despite finding existance fundamentally painful and pointless. I decided to keep looking myself rather than solely relying on (while not excluding) strategies and medication suggested by therapists.

This was a situation I could endure. After all, I really knew nothing else. I understood that my condition meant my ability to cope with stress would be limited and decided to settle for living as simple as possible. I found some comfort in the independence that came with this decision, especially as meds had rendered me virtually asexual and romantically indifferent over the years, meaning I could stick to small groups of acquintances. 

Depression is managable because it's what I grew up learning to cope with. What I'm not prepared for is adding physical pain to the equation. 

For about a year now I've experienced strong pain all over my stomach and lower chest. To simulate this, push one finger at about 50% strength at the midriff, one on both sides and a fist just below the navel. This is every second between waking up in the morning and falling asleep at night.


Similar to my mental problems, I've seen countless doctors for this and done all the available examinations involving tubes, x-rays and diets, none of which have so far shown the slightest result or 


Doctors now say they believe IBS, hence possibly chronic and a risk of limited possibilities to alleviate due to both the strictest diets having shown no effect whatsoever and the only painkillers left to try being very likely to trigger another psychosis due to my history with it.


I'm not currently planning to end my life, and I find it unlikely to happen anytime soon seeing that I'm anything but impulsive. The idea has simply been creeping on me since what was just an everyday struggle turned into an everyday nightmare. I just find it increasingly difficult to motivate an existance of spiritual and physical torture. 