I don't know what to do..I've been posting here for a bit and some of you may know my story and most of you don't but I am in pain every day.. Is there something wrong with me? I go to bed and she is there in my mind, I have dreams and nightmares about her, I wake up and she is there, I go to work and she is there, I try to find things to keep my mind off of her and she is there too.. I've gone to therapy, taking medication but it's not enough she is still there.. I pushed her away, I broke her heart in that moment last June, I didn't work hard enough for her, then in January after we had spent some time trying to work on things it all ended. I don't think she loved me anymore.. Almost 4 years we were together, she is my soul mate, my best friend and the love of my life and I let it all go, I let my depression get the better of me and I pushed her away... Now I regret it every day.. 1 month after we ended she found someone else, 2 months later they went to Hawaii and she got engaged.. I was supposed to be the one to marry her and we were supposed to have kids together start a family, now I am alone again, I have nobody, I would spend all my time with her because we were long distance, every waking moment, I pushed aside friends and family for her, I worked full time and went to school full time for her, I gave everything I had to give us a life, but in the end it wasn't enough... He is well off she tells me, can give her what she wants, what we wanted.. All I wanted was for you to help me, build our relationship so we could work to that goal, now she found someone who gives her a chance to be a housewife and stay at home mom just like she always wanted... She got everything she wanted in an instant when she met him.. Didn't really have to lift a finger to do it.. And I was the one who was left behind to pick up the pieces of my heart, to see the ring on her finger in a moment that should of been ours to share... Just like that last night on our first dates when she was flying home.. The true moments I fell in love with her, when I knew she would be my forever... Why do I still dream of her? Why do I cry for her almost every day? I try to push forward, take up new hobbies, excersizing again, try to focus on work but nothing helps, I still wake up with my heart breaking every day, knowing she is not lying next to me like it used to be.. I don't want to wake up anymore.. I don't want to dream about her anymore... Please make the pain stop.. 