Having to rely on someone is horribleI had suicidal thoughts for over 1 ½ years now and am extremly shy and an extreme introvert. But I still somehow managed to open up to one of my teachers half a year ago. He took it really good and doesn't pressure me into doing anything I'm not comfortable with due to anxiety. But I definitly don't consider myself as brave for doing so. In fact my one friend who knows about all my troubles had to drag me to him again after our first conversation. I simply don't want to bother him and be a burden especially since it isn't his job (he told me twice it is indeed part of his job but I'm still worried). 
I'm transgender (ftm) and my mother didn't took my outing well, told me she would rather have died by breast cancer and I wouldn't be her child anymore, while my father is totally fine with it. After a short amount of time where I tried to think positiv I completly lost all of my confidence and completly dropped the topic and started to drown in self hate. 
My teacher offered to have a chat with my father and me which did happened but apparently it was unimportant enough for my father to completly forget about it within one week. This was in december and after hearing him say that he thought everything was 'just a phase' I can't get myself to address it to him again. Originally my teacher and I settled on me reaching out to a professional therapist but I don't have the courage to do so. 
For me that was it. I still got in the new year, scared like hell of it because I don't want it to be as awful as the last one, and chose on a date to commit suicide. Needless to say I didn't have the balls to pull through with my plan, quite literally.
I don't think people commit suicide because they don't wanna live anymore but because ther don't know how anymore. 
So there I was with my dark cloud above my head again, not knowing what to do. I really didn't want to bother my teacher again. I didn't want to disappoint him. It's horrible having to rely on someone because you're just so useless. Because you're selfish and want to be who you are. Because you can't stand up for your opinion.
But I did it last week regardless and now I have to wait again because he can't come up with a solution immediately of course. And now I'm impatient and worried because he didn't get in touch with me again yet. 
Am I overthinking erverything? Yes. And because I needed to get this out I wrote this post. 
Bye for now.