I have no future, I can't control myself, and I'm a burden on my parents. Suicide feels inevitable.I'm 24 and I have nothing going for me. I live at home and work part time making 8.00 an hour. I missed many years of basic education and never graduated high school. It's felt impossible to get the GED because of my issues with math. I guess I could just try harder, buckle down and study more. But it's so hard for me to accomplish anything. I don't know if I'll ever be able to achieve anything in my life. School, relationships, hobbies, work, even weight loss. I'm just a failure. Every day is spent THINKING of ways I can progress and meet my goals. I obsess over to do lists and have mountains of notebooks full of plans and lists.  But when it comes to actually getting things done...I just can't. Not enough discipline, or resources, or something. It's always something. I'm just never in a frame of mind that lets me do anything.

With the GED. I need to get better at basic math so I can just pass it. But I find it incredibly difficult to study and focus, and my excuse is that I have no computer to use the learning programs I want. I don't know why I make that excuse. 

With weight loss, I've been trying for a few years and have made little to no progress. I know exactly what to do but I can't discipline myself to eat better.

I can't discipline myself to save money either. I'm just a fucking mess.

And I know it's pathetic. I'm a loser. All I want is to be independent and support myself like an actual adult. It's so hard watching my siblings move on, even the younger ones. Getting married, going to school, graduating. I'm finding their life events to be triggering to me. I bawled at my sister's high school graduation. My other sister is getting married and moving out this week. It's had me down in a bad way. I've never been an object of pride for my family like my other siblings are and it's because I've accomplished nothing and am going nowhere. I'm being left in the dust and it's my fault, I know it.

I feel nothing but shame about who I am. I'm never going to be worth anything and it's because I can't control myself enough to do anything. My parents aren't going to be around to support me for forever but even if they were I can't handle depending on them for much longer. I don't know what's wrong with me, I just know there's more reasons to kill myself than to stick around.

I hate my fucking brain. It just needs to end.