Abridged life story, I wanted to share it before I goA normal day in my childhood began awaking in fear that I may have overslept and thus deserving the wraith of my father. At least weekly he chant the mantra that will never leave my head no matter how many times I strike it in anger, that I am “a piece of shit that will never amount to anything”.  My brother was the golden child, older and established rule among the family. If we were to both get in trouble and sent to our rooms, I would stay as directed out of fear of my dad but he would just leave his room or push the boundaries of his punishment. My dad laid his hands on me often, and I have memories of seeing his penis in my face at a young age. My mother named both my brother and I after my dad to show her distance and disdain for having children, at least this is the narrative my father told me. She did not want either of us, but at least my brother was planned. I know because my father was upset at me and told me to ask my mom why I was a mistake. The worst of the abuse was when my father grabbed me by my face and slammed the back of my head into a wooden desk. It ended up fracturing my head, I have a dent there for life. My mother stood in the doorway, hands over agape mouth struggling to look away. To this day she claims I lied about that experience. When I was sixteen and couldn’t find love, a 25 and a 26 year old couple convinced me that no one else would ever love me and that I should become their sex pet. They prey off my insecurities and sheltered upbringing by never informing me of the concept of safe words.  My brother was warned to protect me from these people, but he didn’t. One day I was taken in by the two creeps and they ordered me to strip down. I begged against it but they told me I had no choice. Then when I got in bed he told me to put his hand on his penis, but I said “No, I’m scared” that’s when he forced me to put my hands down his pants. I’m grateful for the roommate at the time because he stepped in and just talked to the guy for hours. That spared me from a fate worse. I told me parents but they victim blamed me. I told the cops and they asked if I wanted to ruin a nice man’s life. Then a 27 year old told me he thought I was cute online, and I realized other people could in fact love me. So I dated him, and I gave myself to him because I was grateful he could probably help get me out of my living situation. My father told me to make an awful joke online about being pregnant. My mom helped him break up with me when the 27 year had a panic attack about the joke. He broke up in a text even though the day earlier he was snuggling me and telling me nothing had changed. That was the first time I got hospitalized for suicidal ideation. After my release, my father told me “you always wanted to go to summer camp, so there you go” belittling my trauma that got me there and the trauma of being suddenly locked up.

Now I wake daily in terror, I scream out “WHO’S THERE” every single morning. It is to the point my partner is stressed beyond stress. Every time I mess up, or triggered, I remind myself that I am “a piece of shit that will never amount to anything”.  Sex is frustrating; not enough libido, sex is painful, embarrassing and scary. And yet I have this fear response which is to nervously masturbate despite it being painful. My parents don’t want to accept responsibility for failing me so miserably and like to boast the success of their golden child who has received a ridiculous amount of support and help over the years while I struggle. I feel scared. And worthless. And I never stopped thinking about suicide since I was 10.