nowhere to turn, no reason to keep goingi'm a veteran but ever since i got out in 2012 things have been getting worse and worse. i came out as gay and left the strict church i was raised in, then stopped speaking to my parents, i genuinely hope i never see them again. i have two great little brothers (both agnostic/atheist and very supportive) but they both live in my hometown across the country. i decided after a lot of thought i couldn't kill myself because of what it would do to those guys. as things get bad though... i'm more and more willing to think about it especially if there's a way to make it seem like an accident. i know that my army buddies will know it was intentional though, or at least they'll suspect, because i gave one of them my handgun last year and asked him not to give it back to me until he was sure i was okay.

not only am i gay i've only ever been attracted to much older men. i've been in a relationship with a 50 year old man (i'm 25) for more than a year, my first relationship and it's been confusing, frustrating, and heartbreaking for most of that. i've confided in him about this but just in the past month or so he's set up a lot of new boundaries that make it really hard to talk to him at all. i've never loved anyone as much as him and i doubt i ever will again because of how much it's hurt me the three times we've "broken up" and then got back together. it's really gutted me and the loving feeling i got for so long is not worth the sadness and internal sickness i feel each time. right now we're not "broken up" but you could hardly say we're together either. he's made it clear he no longer considers us a long term couple. i really feel like i can't turn to him anymore, like all i could do by confiding in him is hurt him and it won't feel good or make anything better anymore. i used to be MADLY attracted to him and now i'm not attracted to anyone on the planet, which is sort of like how i felt before i realized i was gay in the first place. really lonely.

i'm in college now, paid by the GI bill, so i don't need a job which has made the transition easier. but i've never felt comfortable in a classroom, and after the military it got way worse, until now where i can honestly barely force myself to show up. it helps if i get stoned before class but not much. i failed all my classes last quarter and i know i won't be able to pull out of this slide and get back on track, even if i wanted. but i really, really don't want to.

nothing i ever used to enjoy or feel good about works anymore. things that used to be easy and stress-free are borderline torture now. all i can feel or think anymore is how much i want it all to end. i went from a really intense job with lots of responsibilities and now i honestly have trouble going to the theater and sitting through a movie without some internal panic.

the VA assigned me a psychiatrist but after the first one put me on ritalin and then retired, the next one took me right back off ritalin. i took two different anti-depressants for a few months each but they actually made everything feel even more empty. i have a really hard time getting to sleep and the only thing that works so far is marijuana.

i haven't slept more than a 2-3 hours at a time for about a week. when i do sleep i have intense, guilty dreams. there just isn't an escape. i wish there was just ONE fucking thing i could do that would make me feel like a normal person again but i know there isn't. getting this all out of my system feels a little better but it's also sad because it makes me realize i decided to kill myself a long time ago and the only way i fucked up was by not doing it sooner. before i told anyone about it so it could just be my personal decision and my secret.