I am nothing I am worthless and I don't know why I still exist.Sorry to vent. And it looks like it's gonna be a long one.

I am a gay man just turned 47. Never been in a relationship.
I never thought I'd live this far. 
I grew up with a mother and a father, and a younger brother, with all of whom I no longer communicate. (been about 20+ years) 
My mother was a major judger and from early on I was criticized by her constantly growing up. She criticized neighbors, my teachers, my friends, her friends' spouses, (I don't know how she had friends), people on TV. Just negative comments all day everyday.
I was told everyday that I'm stupid, lazy, untalented, etc. 
My father was a type who thinks e's a king just because he goes to work and brings money home. I don't remember a lot of interaction with him even though he was quite present a lot. My brother and I used to play together like normal small children, but as we grew older, we emotionally grew apart even though we lived under the same roof.
I used to be a goody-two-shoes, trying to please adults in my life especially my mother who'd never be pleased by what I did. I acted like I hated kiddy things and tried to act older than my age.
I used to paint and draw until about I was in my low teens, but sometime along the way lost passion for it because of my mother's convincing that I have no talent, even when I got an award for a painting from a city we lived in at the time. I really don't remember feeling proud of it. I only remember my mother's comment "I don't know what they saw in this". I was never allowed to learn musical instruments, even when my music teacher thought I have a potential in learning playing piano.
I think she suspected that I was a little sissyish, so she'd put me in martial arts classes and physical whatnots. I didn't protest because I had to please her even though I hated them. She hated the fact that I wasn't into sports like other boys in my school did and she always mentioned that. I was too skinny and pale for her.
By the time I was in high school, I was a numb kid. I wasn't interested in anything. I didn't have a hobby. Very few friends.
In the back of my mind, I knew I liked guys, but I didn't pay attention to that part of me. It really didn't surface to my consciousness. 
I never even had crush on someone until I was 20yo in collage. Even that, I didn't know I was having a crush at the time. I realized that in retrospective long time after looking back at it.
After collage, I didn't get a job like normal person, and I moved to NYC. Just wanted to get away from everything I grew up around and go somewhere no one knows about me. I remember thinking, I'm gonna just do what I want and die early!
From there, I got into dancing. Not stripper kind of dancing.
I never took classes before but I was really into it and I naively thought I wanna make it to be a professional. Also enjoying my new found freedom, making friends, clubbing, partying. I felt like I finally started growing up. 
This was my 20's. I fell in unrequited love with a guy. I've dated a few men but I never felt like I was qualified in the dating game and was really socially awkward. All I could get was one night stands and sex in bath houses. 
I got depressed and took 3 packages of over the counter sleeping pills but didn't die.
There was a time when I was having a hard time finding an apartment ending up in the street for a few weeks.
I enter my 30's, I worked as a waiter/bartender still continuing my dance education, but never confident enough to go to auditions. They terrified me everytime I went. Even though I got a couple of gigs, I eventually stopped dancing. This is around the time I started becoming conscious about words "self-esteem" "confidence" "love yourself", and slowly understanding that I have non of these.
In 2005 I was diagnosed HIV positive, which oddly didn't affect me emotionally that much. I thought I deserved it.
fast forward to now, after another suicide attempt and homelessness. I don't want to live anymore. During my last homelessness, I stopped taking my HIV meds and got sick, but I didn't want to burden my roommates at the time with a death in their apartment, so I went to hospital with a hope of dying there, but they made me recover. That was in 2011. 
Right now I am physically healthy, but mentally really fucked up and completely unhappy and miserable. I'm drowning in suicidal thoughts. I don't want to go back to work. I feel I'm good at nothing and for nothing. I take antidepressant and see a therapist once a week, but I'm not sure it's working. Also I feel like I'm still not done growing into adulthood. I feel like a kid I never allowed myself to be trapped in a grown man's body. I look young, too, so people treat me young and I feel like everyone thinks I'm stupid. The idea my mother imprinted in my brain. I am not able to form a intimate relationship for fear of judgements. I just wanna end it all and disappear from existence. Sorry for venting, and if you read this this far, thank you for reading.

