Farewellthrowaway account. i've been thinking about writing that for almost 1 month. But now i'm ready. 





                          ___________________________

Hello guys !

Tonight, I'm gonna kill myself. I'm going to my mother's house, we're going to eat with some old friends. When they'll be gone, everything's going to be silent. My mother will fall asleep in her bed, and I will silently walk out in my garden, watch my swimming pool which the moon will be shining upon.

I'll eat some good watermelon, reminiscing old days, when I was young and happy, when I used to make my family happy. Then I'll thank life for everything it gave me. I saw beautiful skies, big mountains, I lived in a beautiful place, far from war and misery. Even in winter, this place would find a way to warm me up. I lived in a wonderful place, sunny, dreamy, perfect.

I met great people. I met some really sad people. People who went through so much. I never really met any deeply bad person.

My family loved me really much. Especially my mother. My father and mother got divorced when I was a little child, and I've been raised by my grand-parents, in the countryside, far from the city and all. My father loved me really much too, my grand mother loved me like her own child, but I made her suffer so much. I made her suffer because I couldn't show any feelings towards her. Even if she'd end up breaking down and crying, I wouldn't feel anything. I'd just think ''oh, that's bad.' '

I' M sorry I couldn't give her the love she deserved. I know she forgave me. But she knows I could never show any emotion to her. It doesn't make me sad. It just hurts my pride, because I've always forced myself upon morals.

When i was 15, I discovered that i had been raped by my mom's boy friend. I had forgotten it. Yeah. That's maybe why i couldnt show any love to my family. I could only show affection through cynical words. 

I'm really good at socializing. I'm really eloquent. I don't like to say that, I really hate that. But that's true, I'm extremely eloquent.
But what's the use of being eloquent when the truth you want to share is stuck in your chest? What am i supposed to do with this gift? Keep on spitting lies? Becoming a politician, and manipulating people? I could be the MLK of trans and gay people, haha. 


And quite smart, that's what my teachers always told me. I've always been the smartest kid in all my classes, even though I never actually worked. I was just doing funny and immature shit to enjoy school.  I was enjoying this gift, without caring about it.... While others were working their asses off to get good grades. I was so egoistic back then. 


I loved history, philosophy, art... Thank you, life, for giving me the opportunity to have these passions. I've been learning english for 3 months now, ahah, I never really liked english anyway, that's why I'm learning it so late. 
But i know that if i write this note in english it'll touch more people. 

My teachers were great. Big up to y'all. Love you, hope that things will get better for you. I know your jobs hard.

So yeah. The thing is that I'm a FtM trans. And sadly, I know I'll never be a male. I have great charisma, etc... But I'll never be myself. 
Every night for 3 years now, I've been dreaming of being happy with a man. And being happy with myself as a male. But I know that won't happen. I wouldve killed to have been born a man. That may seem very idiot. Because cis males have problems too. But I don't have any problems. Except this. I can't stay in this prison forever. I can't. Theres no lawyer to get me out of this prison. 

I'm stuck in this body. Even after getting all the surgery I needed, fucking up my health just to be myself... 
I know I'll never be a male. I know I'll never be myself. I'm stuck. I feel my soul slipping away from my body. I can feel it everyday. And it makes me sad for this body which my mother gave me. It feels bad, because i know some people wouldve killed to have it, too. 

That's it. Quite egoistic from me, huh? Yeah, I know it is. I'm really sorry for that. Didn't mean to be egoistic, really. 

My best friend, Fabio, killed himself 6 years ago. 
He was a doctor. And well, he was gay. 
This one night, he joined us at a party and brought us pizza. Then he left and told me that he wanted me to be happy. That was weird but I didn't get the hint. That same night, we found him dead in his house. 

It didn't feel horrible. It just felt smooth. He just walked away, swallowed something, went to sleep. 
Death isn't something bad. It's what gives life its worth. Death is horrible, when it's war, when it's violent, when innocents get killed. 

But suicide is smooth. It's like taking a deep breath of death. It comes into your nose, calmly, and then kills you. You fall asleep, and you never wake up. People scream. And I don't know why. I'll be sleeping. It's not like I'll be far away from you. Actually, I'll be the closest to you I've ever been. I'll be in your memories and in your heart. You won't ever fear to lose me, because I'm going to become you, I'm going to embrace the whole world.

Today's nice. It' s sunny, calm. Theres a little bit of wind. That's great. And I'm happy. I'm happy because I know it's the end. And I'm okay with that. I will join my best friend, and we'll watch over our fellows together. 

I'm going to visit Albert Camus' grave before tonight. I'm gonna live this day like an old man would. Thinking about his youth, smiling at the world, having fun, chatting with his friends' ghosts. And then, I'm going to lie in my bed, and never wake up. 

Life is a wonderful thing. Sometimes it gets hard. But it's worth it. I've lived a great life for 24 years. And I thank life for every moment it gave me. Love this world. This world which gave us life. 

I've been willing to kill myself since I was 14. 

I don't know why I'm writing this. Maybe... Because, ironically, at the twilight of my life, I'm finally able to truly feel something. And I need to put it into words. Even though english is hard for me.... 

 I've lived long enough. I need to leave, now. Or else, I'll hurt people, and I'll hurt this body even more. 

I'm going to throw away all my pills, throw away all my bills, give all my money to People in need. I know it won't really help. But that's what i want. I'll take a look at my childhood's best friend, my little dog, buried in the garden. I'll buy him flowers, buy flowers to Camus, to Fabio, buy flowers to mom and grandma, buy flowers to all the neighbours. 

Thank you for reading that guys. It's nice to post here, really. Thank you, humanity. For trying your best. Some people aren't great. Yeah. That's nature. But some people try their best. Theres a little, small, small percent of real love in this world. And it's worth fighting for.

Just like you, Fabio, I'm telling people to be happy. It's funny... Because deep inside, I had always known it would end up like this. Was I in love with you ? Ahah. Yeah, maybe. We were meant to be, I'm sure of it now. 

Guys, I want you all to be happy. Because I couldn't. Mark my words. Before finding someone, try to find yourself. Go for a walk through your city, gather your thoughts. Watch life. Watch all these people talk, laugh, cry, walk, buy, shout, sing,... Find yourself. Theres someone waiting for you. Theres hope. Think about all these eyes you haven't seen, all these souls you havent met. Don't fear death. Welcome it and embrace it. Believe me. Even the greatest human beings went through this. It's only a second in your life. 

Live a life you will remember. Please. Or else I'll be back and I'll haunt you, and I'll be really mad. 

It's 3pm here. The weather's nice. I'm going to drive to France, and I'll be back tonight.

I still remember these holidays in California. Oh yeah, we didn't know shit about english, ahah. It was great. These days are gone from the surface of Earth but will always stay in my heart.

Thank you Internet. You helped me much, too. It's because of Internet that i could start my ftm treatment. It's because of internet that i could share my deepest thoughts i always had kept locked up in my chest. Funny... How people can be this nice. Thank you, Brothers. This letters long, cause I'm quite an artist myself! Lmao.
 
I think i was really in love with you Fabio. We really loved greek mythology, right? Well, I'm going to say hello to Persephone and her husband. I might see Achilles and Patroclus, lol. I'm going to dance with all the lost souls of... Ancient Greece. 

I'll take a last look at this thread tonight, so I can say proper thanks to people. 

I don't want to sound like some attention seeker. I just... Needed my eyes to read what my brain had been thinking about for so long... I needed my eyes to understand... 

Have you ever seen how beautiful the world is, when it's raining ? Have you ever looked at those men, waking up and going to work when the city's still asleep? Hey, friend. Have you ever seen those wonderful countries, from far, far away ? Have you ever thought of the men who were there before you? The ghosts who were sitting on the same bench that you're sitting on ? 
What are we but the sum of our memories? 

Don't be late. Don't miss your train. Don't let this moment slip away from your hands. Take this train. Go there. To the place you've always wanted to be. Today, it's my time to die. But not yours. Life is calling you, brother. 

Wish of peace for humanity, even though only the dead have seen the end of war. 

Thank you 


Endless affection, brothers, sisters, wives, husbands, daughters, sons, lovers, citizens of the world, 

Ciao. :)




Vincenzo