I don't know how to deal with all this and have no one else to talk to.As context:
My mum, my dad, and my uncle, have all on separate occasions said to me the exact phrase 'you are killing your grandparents'. What I am doing is living in their house, barely interacting with them. I have extreme anxiety and phobias, which mean I'm basically a shut-in, and anxious pretty much all the time, so I can't live on my own. I'm not on any medication because I want to solve the root of the problem, and am currently seeing a care coordinator in order to get me therapy (CBT) to get rid of it. 

My close family (mum, dad, uncle) have been pressuring me the entire time I've been living here (almost 3 months) to move out and go someplace else, namely my mother's house which I *cannot* go to. It is not an option, for many reasons. My mother has decided that when my grandparents go away for a few days starting this tuesday, she's going to force me to move out. She told me that either I come to her place or I make my own arrangements. 

Here is an open letter to that woman called my mother, not that I'm sending it:

This is a kind of abuse. 

Surely.

You take away my support network. You take away my choices in the matter of where I live. You guilt-trip.. no, guilt-trip isn’t strong enough a word. You bully me and threaten me with my grandparents’ own lives. You hide it all under a guise of ‘innocence’. You have everybody in the family there to protect you if I call you on it.

My support network: *You*, taken away because you don’t accept anything I tell you and only echo my self-doubts (make me feel worse about something I already know, like that’s going to change things). *My grandparents*, taken away because if I so much as mention your plan to forcibly move me out on tuesday, I’ll be labelled as the one who made them worry. Again, I’ll be the criminal. The persecutor. There will be no defense I can make because I’ll have proved you right: I do make my grandparents worried (funny that you had to interfere and create the situation that made them stressed and worried, but hey it’s still my fault now isn’t it). *My partner*, taken away by both himself and by you, because he refuses to deal with me being homeless. He doesn’t accept that being at your house is not an option (just like EVERYBODY ELSE) and will not be around (re: leaving for good) if I so much as mention it. (This shitty situation happened before about three weeks ago and so I know he's serious, because he did it then, just before my dad spent two hours belittling, yelling, verbally destroying me while I just sat there and cried, unable to say ANYTHING because I would be told it was 'back-chat', not one word, not in any tone whatsoever. So after that fuckfest I crawled back to my partner and said I would never do that to them again and they came back glowing with happiness. Somehow, I didn't get thrown out, so that piece of garbage self-destruction worked.). So talking to him's just not an option. *My friend around him,* I can’t say anything to her either, as he may ask her, and therefore realize why I’m not there if I’m not there, and leave anyway. 

Who else is my fucking support network? Huh? Who else?

I have internet people who I’m to an extent acquainted with, but they don’t know the situation as well as my partner or best friend. And they’re on a different continent. And no one else knows about them anyway.

So what does that leave me with? I have a pet. Two pets, if you count the one you stole. One of which I need to take care of and will be forced to leave this place with me when you force me out of the house. It’s fucking ridiculous is what it is. You are leaving me with no choice, no other option, no nothing.

Well at least it’s not the first time you’ve exhausted me like this. Now it’s the second, I can at least have my head on somewhat straight while I try to deal with it all. Being homeless doesn’t frighten me as much. I have some numbers, I have some money, I have places that I could go. Just until you come to your fucking senses and realize that while you’re trying to save my grandparents from their untimely death by way of my terrible burden on their lives, you’re also killing me. Your son. A boy you don’t even recognize. (I'm transgendered, and not a single one of my family has ever called me by my new name or tried male pronouns. I'm 19 years old.)

I think I’m done here.

Suicidewatch, can you help? Someone to read all that and not immediately jump on my ass for something might be a good place to start. I'm pretty sick of it. I'm tired of taking it in the neck and watching myself grow scared, constantly worried, upset, and tiptoeing around my family just trying to please them. Please help.
