Done with lifeI live with a POS narcisstic mother who constantly verbally and emotionally abuses me. I feel like she should have aborted me or given me up for adoption. I lost all my friends and I just don't care about life. I decided to care about money now and animal rights, because I'm getting so much hatred in my heart and I hate feeling this way. All people do is disappoint me and make me want to kill myself. I hate feeling like this, nobody would miss me if I was gone. I bet you if I killed myself they would throw a party! it's unfair that we can put animals down who are suffering, but we can't put humans down that don't want to go on. I would gladly donate my life to someone who actually needs it, my life is going nowhere. I'm a loser! I can never find a real job because of my chronic disabilities, I'm ugly, and I never graduated high school because I was bullied so bad. I lost my father too on my first day of my senior year. I hate this life, I'm starting to detest everything. I'm starting to not believe in God anymore and I don't want to feel like that. I still believe but sometimes I wonder why he puts us through this crap. I'm just so angry and I'm done with everyone and everything. I'm tired of everyone hurting me, I know I'm not perfect but at the same time I have feelings too! All my mom does is yell at me about petty ass shit like I forget to put a fuckin dish away or I accidentally leave a snack out. When I drop a drink on the ground because I have severe anxiety and I shake, she'll scream at me. I'm just done with everyone. People (no offense but boomers) get mad when I say I hate my mom, but when you live with her your whole freaking life you are so used of her calling you stupid ass, nobody wants you, you have no friends, everyone hates you, I wish I had a normal daughter, and so on. Then parents wonder why we shove them in a nursing home and hate them, because they treat us like crap because they think they're superior and they "own" us. I didn't consent to being born or have this life, and I don't owe her jack. Of course she's your mom and she has to provide for you, but she doesn't have to abuse you. I'm just tired of everyone, I'm sorry for ranting I'm just fed the fuck up!!