Please help me... I'm at the end of my rope... I already feel dead inside.I'm trapped in my life. And Im starting to see no way out but in a bottle of oxy, or at the end of a barrel.

My work schedule is wrecking my mind. I cant quit because of the money. I have tried for a year to find another job, and I just can't even come close.
 M-5am to 1pm.
T-midnight to 8.
W-230am to 1030am
Th-midnight to 8.
F-6am to 2pm

And I'm having my Wednesday switched to 5am to 1pm.
I feel like it is literally giving me a psychosis. My brain is so foggy and muddled all the time. I'm exhausted constantly.
Not to mention it is a very high stress job.

I have bipolar depression, general depression, anxiety/panic attacks frequently, migraines, and severe neck pain. Oh and bouts of insomnia.

My work is not understanding in the slightest. Without too much detail, talking to my boss or any co-workers and expecting anything positive is not an option.

My wife, unfortunately just doesn't understand this stuff. Work, or my mental conditions. I can't explain that my depression isn't just a rough patch. I'm not "sad because of something you did".

I've been forcing. Forcing myself. To get up, somehow function through a day. And be... A husband? When I get home... If I even see her.

---

I'm at a point where... Everything feel very dull. Like I'm numb all over, punctuated with moments where it feels like my heart and stomach are both being ripped out through my mouth.

Ive been up since 9pm last night, haven't slept a wink. And going through a huge depressive swing. Just 20 minutes ago. I got a text saying actually don't come in til 6am tomorrow.

Which means I won't get out until 2pm, where I'll have 7.5 hours before I have to be back for Thursday.
It made me want to throw up.

I'm the guy who gets things done. Does the stuff no one else wants to. Which is why I'm the only one working this schedule! I try to talk to my boss, and he literally does not care.

---

The meat of the issue...
I fell asleep at the wheel last night. Cruise control at 65. I caught myself after a solid half mile later.

I wasn't scared. I was sad that I woke up before I hit something.
(And now I'm crying. Super.)

I'm so tired. I'm so depressed (and yes on meds). I just don't know why I'm doing this any more! I'm so unhappy all the time.

I smile and joke, and ask people how they are, and... I feel like I'm trying so hard!!

And I just want to die. I don't *want* to kill myself. But I don't want to live. I want to scream for help but I don't have anyone who will hear me and help me in any constructive way.

So why am I still doing this?