If my mouth could marry a hurt like thatI can't get the words right. I never can

I don't really understand why I'm writing here, none of my family or my love will see this. They don't even know what reddit is.

I don't think I can really talk about what I'm planning, or at least intending, to do Monday. But I plan to drink some wine, sleep, and hopefully drift off to sleep pretty quickly. Silent killer and all that jazz. It will make it a relaxing time in the least. And if I do wake up, I'll have a backup plan loaded and ready. I just hope it goes the easy drift-off-to-sleep route. I'm not one of the golden gate jumpers, I attempted this a few weeks ago and felt nothing but relief as I drifted off. There was not a second of regret. I just have to, apparently, seal things up a little better. I failed at something that simple pfff.

I wrote a note to the man I love. He says I'm tainted, that he feels dirty when he touches me now. I've felt regret before, and I've felt insurmountable sadness before.... Or so I believed. I've never felt as alone and sickened and hopeless as I do right now though. 

I made a mistake that ruined my whole future. It's funny and terrible because it was a stupid mistake. The stupidest thing I've ever done. I'm a good person and I did a shitty thing. How do you live with yourself when that happens? I have always put everyone else first. I let my loneliness drive me somewhere terrible, it let me allow myself to be manipulated. And the one time I've slipped up and was selfish, I ruined the most important things in my life. 

Again, I don't know why I wrote this. Maybe just to have someone to talk to for a couple more days. The few friends I have left don't answer when I call... I'm too negative for them right now. I can't help but ruminate on all the things I've messed up. 

And I find myself praying for a second chance, but I'm not so deluded that I think someone will wave a magic wand. I think I just wanted a sign that something was there for me in this blackness. Because all I can taste it see anymore is ashes.