Stigma - don’t be ashamed
After years of struggling with declining health and depression, my Mum took her own life. There was a note left to us and sign taped to the television which read ‘do not resuscitate’.

There’s no real way I can articulate the feeling. Horror, grief, anger, regret, remorse, love, gratitude, resentment and worst of all, guilt. I can’t explain the magnitude of these emotions either, but I know that if I allow myself to feel them completely they will tear me apart. In the case of a suicide, for those of us who are survived, all these feelings have to go in the same box. The word overwhelming doesn’t quite say it. The only thing I can say for certain is that I love my Mum entirely. I often have to catch myself, to stop thinking of ways I can get a message to her, to tell her I love her, that I’m sorry.. even though I know that’s impossible. Nothing prepares you for the finality of it. It’s an uncrossable line in the sand that I feel time is dragging me away from. 

What follows, is something I haven’t told a lot of people, but the point I’m about to make is about openness; an attempt to shift people’s perception so that others aren’t ashamed to get help. 

So after years of my own shame of it, I’m going to share this. It’s part of who I am and I can’t run from it anymore, nor should I.

During my early 20s, I fell apart completely. Bad experiences growing up and bad life choices had left me with all consuming anxiety and depression. Self-medicating was just making things worse and I was in a hole I couldn’t see a way out of it. I was spiralling uncontrollably. There was an intervention just as I was about to do something stupid and I was admitted to a psychiatric care hospital where I stayed for 3 months. I didn’t get the monkey off my back in there, but in the years that followed, I managed to break it. I even managed to train it. 

I managed this when I truly realised the importance and the universal power of choice. You can choose to do the hard but right thing once, but if you can summon the strength to choose it when the option presents itself again, that’s the start of something massive. Something that can change you. It’s max effort and inch by inch at first. But like training your body, your mind begins to adapt. And on this road, one day a seemingly small choice will catapult you far away from where you were, and you might not even be aware of it at the time. I went from a homeless 20 something to an employed professional with degrees, post grad, qualifications, a career. It took a while. Nobody is entirely self made. We all get help along the way. But it all came from a decision.. one tiny moment in time, less than a second. Never underestimate your power of choice. 

The word suicide gets a mixed response from people. Some people feel pity, some feel an awkward avoidance of the subject, some see weakness and refer to it as ‘the cowards way out’. The one thing all these perceptions have in common, is that they’re conclusions reached from years of misunderstanding and stigma within our society. Even the phrase ‘committed suicide’ makes it sound like an offence. To have these feelings are not anything to be ashamed of, and they are not in anyway who you are. No more than suffering tuberculosis, hayfever or a broken leg make you who you are.  

If someone you care about is struggling with these feelings it’s not your pity they need, it’s understanding. Avoidance of it won’t make it go away, don’t be afraid to make yourself available to them. Most of all, if you are struggling with these emotions yourself, know this. YOU ARE NOT WEAK. What you’re dealing with is immense and to have held this weight for this long is an unbelievable feat. I have nothing but love, respect and admiration for you. I know you don’t feel it but you are powerful. You’re resilient and you have lived through things that most can’t even comprehend. For that, I will always look up to you. 

So now’s the time to offload. Reach out. Tell someone. The way to your life can all come from a single choice. One event. One reach of your arm. Turn that fear into light. You can trust me when I say.. It shines.

My Mum like all of us had a lot of faults. But she was kind, considerate, empathic to a fault and would give you her time without question. Most people had no idea what she was carrying around with her, as was her way. The things she had to deal with in her life have made her a hero to me. The way she died wasn’t who she was. The way she lived wasn’t who she wanted to be. The way she loved however, is who she was. It was an incomparable and the most incomprehensible gift I’ve ever been given. And that, is what I will forever be grateful for.