First time spilling my mindI have never really posted here, but right now, for the first time in a long time, i feel like i need to let some things out.

Hello there.
I'm a student, who recently moved for myself for the first time. Apparently, even with my suicidal tendencies and past attempts, my psychologist meant that a new environment would be good for me. And a break from my parents, aw my situation there isn't the best either.

I've lived on my own for about a month now, this being the end of my 4th week. I've also been going to school for all 4 of those weeks, yet i already have 2 weeks of absence where i faked being sick so i could just lie in bed.

I struggle a lot with my self esteem, and i'm a very anxious person. I yearn for affection and such, yet i push it away as soon as the oppertunity to recieve some arises. I really have no friends other than people i've met alone, and i really appreciate them.

Due to timezones and such however, it's often hard to talk to them, leaving me alone most of the time, in my empty little apartment, making the feeling of loneliness all the worse. 

Now, i have tried socializing with irl people before, but due to my PTSD, the tiniest thing triggers it, sending me into an uncontrollable panic attack.

Anyways, enough context.

Today, i was close. I was close to ending it. I refuse to contact the suicide hotline since i cant deal with being hospitalized again. I'm so fucking tired of watching the days go by and feeling nothing but cold and empty. It hurts so much and i just want it to be over with.

I left my online friends behind for the first time, and i gave them some bullshit reason like my parents taking my computer or something, so that they wouldnt think i'd go through with it.

Yet here i am, bottles of pills on my desk, fresh new scars and a note for whomever discovers my body.

But i'm too fucking scared. I just want to feel safe for once, and not constantly worry about everything. I want to feel happy again. I hate feeling like this, and at this rate, it wont ever end unless i end it myself.

I will try to get my shit together tomorrow though, take a shower, do something other than lay in bed, not eating or anything. But i dont believe in myself. In a moment, i'll be right back to planning my next attempt.


Thank you for reading this.

If you have any questions, please do comment, and i'll do my best to answer. But for now, thank you for reading. Sorry if i spilled a little too much