Being trans is gonna be the death of meI hate being trans. I fucking hate it. What a miserable, pathetic existence. It’s fucking isolating. Cis people don’t understand what it’s like to feel trapped in your own body disgusted by it because it ISN’T YOU. It’s the complete opposite of who you are. Everyday the dysphoria gets worse. I haven’t transitioned yet idk if there’s a point if I’ll never have a cis male body. I didn’t ask for this. I didn’t choose this body, I don’t want it. I hate looking at myself. Yeah I know there’s nothing wrong with the female body objectively. But it’s not me. My experience is being female is shit. Not the social aspects cause men and women face their own difficulties, but the fact I’m a man in a woman’s body. I am in hell. Hell is my own body. Even if I transition I will still have this piece of shit body that has already undergone female puberty. It will take thousands to get surgery. I will never have a dick that functions exactly like a cis man’s. What’s the fucking point if I still retain primary and secondary sex characteristics. Even if I pass as a man and everyone sees me as one at first glance, that’s not enough. There will be people that knew me before I transitioned. They will always have the memory of me as a “girl”. Fuck that shit. I won’t be satisfied. I’ll never be happy. 

Every time I see cis men I think why couldn’t that be me. If I were born a cis man I wouldn’t be suffering like this. No one would doubt my gender, I say I’m male they don’t think otherwise. Makes me feel fucking stupid when I even say I’m a (trans) guy. I don’t look like one. I’ll always be less of a man. Dysphoria is driving me insane. I’m reminded every waking moment of what I’m not, and what I am. I’m getting tired of this. I’m a waste of space. There is no point in living if I’ll never be content with who I am. 

Why not kill myself and have everyone remember me as a woman. What a tragedy huh. I die and get remembered as the thing that destroyed me. This has been one sick joke of an existence.