My wife just told me she cheated on me with my only other friend in this countryWell, not my only other friend, but the only one that's close enough that I would have turned to them at a time like this.  Now I kind of want to be around someone but the only 2 people I was counting on for support are the problem.

This is what I would call a stupid reason for contemplating killing myself.  But, I don't know.  I have a history.

Before I met my wife I couldn't imagine a future for myself.  I was a college dropout who had never had a steady job, a serious relationship or much of a social network to support me at all really.  The plan was "figure something out for myself, I guess, or give up some day."  This sounds like a sign of depression but I never saw a doctor about it.

Well anyway, things took an upturn about 8 years ago when I met her.  2 years ago we finally got married.  She got a job halfway around the world and I followed her here.  Even if I haven't been a perfect proud productive little member of society, at least I've been doing all right and keeping my chin up.

But now I'm thinking back to my little plan for dealing with a life that never seems to go down the right track.  It never left the back of my mind, I suppose.  I've always loved to quit.  If the going gets tough, I give up and go home.  This is the ultimate way to quit and for some reason the logic has always appealed to me.

Anyway, I don't know why I'm having such a strong reaction, but since she told me I've started to think about how to die.  I'm really thinking about it a lot.  I haven't consciously decided that I "want to", but I can tell that the subconscious part of my mind that makes decisions is divided.  Part of me wants to quit, part of me doesn't.

I think the main reason against is that I can easily imagine it killing my mother, too.  She's getting older now, her health isn't perfect, and she just loves me so much.  My parents wanted children but had to try for 10 years just to get one, me, and when I think about it, it would be unconscionable to throw that away.  I'm so pragmatic that I know *I* can't regret it, after I cease to exist, but right now just the thought of hurting my mom like that is what's kept me from doing anything.  I guess I need to think about her more, to keep the downside in my mind.

Well, I don't know, reddit.  I just wanted to tell somebody what I'm feeling right now.  I'm really pretty shocked, and I'm surprised at myself for so seriously entertaining this notion so quickly.  I think I'm pulling back from it but... I wanted to put some words down and make that idea concrete.  Thanks.  I think it helps.  I hope it helps.  What the hell am I going to do with this situation anyway?  Jesus.