Friend is in psychiatric hospital. Need advice.Hi folks.
I met this girl when we were in intermediate. She was that nice, athletic, very smart girl who always smiled and always had the best grades you could imagine. After intermediate school, our team split and she went to a very good high school, then to a very good prep school, then to her top-class uni. 
When we were all teenaging ( = being tortured and "I hate my parents" and so on because that's what all 13-y-old girls do) she was always fine.
I left my country for one year and I didn't see her the whole time. When I came back and saw her again, she told me she had a depression while I was away, because of the pressure she had endured in prep school and the fact that she did not like her uni. She had struggled with anorexia.
At that time, I just thougt she had a problem with her studies and that maybe she should change and try another way. We kept in touch and I saw her "getting better" during the last months : regaining weight, talkative, smiling...and then on Christmas Day I got a text from her saying "My doctor freaked out and sent me to the hospital, won't be able to send any message for the next week, sorry I know it sucks".

And today, her mum called me and told me that she went to her psy, that follows her since her depression of last year, and that she told him she had made a plan to kill herself. She had started to pack her stuff at her flat and to sell some stuff.
He decided to intern her in a psychiatric hospital so that she could get a better help.

My question is : what can I do ? What must I do ?
I didn't see anything. Of course she was doing bad but she was always so nice, and charming, not the stereotypical depressed girl who stays lonely at home and doesn't go out and so on. She was helping her family, taking care of her baby niece, meeting me and other friends...She's the type of girl who doesn't want to "bother" others, so she doesn't speak about herself and about how bad she might feel. 
Why didn't I see it ? How can I see it for the next time ? Why was she feeling so bad ?

Apparently she feels very guilty so how can I relieve her ? How should I behave with her when she gets out of the hospital ? I can't pretend nothing happened...

tl;dr : Good friend of mine is in psychiatric hospital because she told her doc about her plan to kill herself. No one saw it coming she looked fine. 