I don't know what to do anymoreHi, I'm new here so apologies if I do anything wrong. I just figured I'd come here to get some help. 

I'm 22,  and in my final year of university.   I've been doing really well and my lecturers are saying that I'll go far. I also do some writing, fiction and non fiction, for some college publications a  But I have a problem that's been weighing me down. I have cerebral palsy and I use a wheelchair and I need a personal assistant to help with things like getting dressed, showering, going to the bathroom. At the moment, my parents fill in because we can't get one from the government. It's really isolating because it means that outside of college, I can't really do much except stay in the house and write or go somewhere with my parents in tow.  I'd love to go abroad and do all the things that guys my age do. I'm really into languages so I'd like to go to Germany and practice my German, or teach  English in Japan.   But obviously, I can't drag my parents everywhere. 

A few weeks ago, we got a visit from someone in the government for an  assessment and they said that personal assistant hours were rarely funded and they usually did home care- someone coming to your house and just helping you with the basics but no actually going out into the community like a personal assistant would and supporting you in a job, or in the community.  We were told that PA hours were off the table because the health service has no money. 

So this has kinda sent me into a downward spiral. I have a history of mental health issues already and I do see a therapist but after this bombshell, I feel like all the color has gone out of my life, I'm finding it hard to sleep, I'm finding it hard to eat, I'm moping about the house crying.  I just don't see the point in living anymore. I read a few newspaper stories about young disabled people being put in nursing homes and I'm scared that's going to happen to me.  I do write in my diary but all I write is 'Oh God, I want to die' or 'please kill me' or something like that.  I feel like I have no future or if I do have one it's going be stick in the house watching the world pass me by. 

 I'm due to see my therapist on Friday but idk how I'm going hold on that long. It's painful to be alive and I'm so scared for my future.