Hey guys...Everyone loves a little dirt, so here’s some backstory:

I’d like to think I’m a strong girl. I’ve been through Hell &amp; back a couple times, but returning from Hell to Hell leaves you nothing to look forward to. I can’t exactly tell you where this all started, but I’ve got a feeling It was around the time I hit kindergarden. You see, I was never good at making friends. I’d watch the other kids run around the playground pretending to be Backstreet Boys or Spice girls. I wanted to play, I just had no idea how to make my peers become my friends (I still don’t). So I’d wait out recess in the sandbox with my imaginary bread-generating computer, Kelly. 

Fast forward to my seventeenth birthday. I remember sobbing in bed as my ex-boyfriend    (we’ll call him...Mark) stroked my hair. Oddly enough, five minutes earlier he was punching my stomach to a pulp. That night was the first night he put his hands on me, but it wouldn’t be the last...not by a long shot. After a while, every night became my seventeenth birthday. I can’t tell you exactly why I stayed. I mean, he’d cry &amp; tell me he loved me, that he’d never do It again...but I never really believed him. I was stuck. I guess to me, my days of being alone were over &amp; I didn’t want them back. Of course, there were other “reasons” but we must get on with the story. *ahem*...Shortly after our second year together, as the universe would have It, Mark found a prettier girl &amp; took his leave.

To my surprise, my aging had done me the slightest bit of justice &amp; I had a couple suitors at my door as well. Just one problem, I didn’t want them. I wanted to be free. I wanted to sing, strum on my guitar, make friends &amp; just hang out for once! I was crushed &amp; miserable but also slightly liberated. Mark always said, “Boys never want to be just friends, they’re always gonna want something more.”  Mark was spot about that one. So I did some friend zoning. For about a year I’d have the “half-best” (keep in mind, I was still mending a broken heart) times of my life with a group of boys who I thought had become my real friends. On occasion, we called ourselves The Lost Boys. We were just a bunch of starry eyed musicians playing the days away &amp; smoking cheap cigarettes. That was until a, for lack of a better term, “friendship-ruining whore” came along. Leaving me, once again, alone.

Still with me? Let’s get to today, the present, the now. After all, that’s really all that matters anyway right?

Today, I delivered pizzas. It’s a fun job. Tips are pretty sweet but I don’t care much for money. Come quittin’ time I returned home, picked up my six-string &amp; sang my heart out to an old song. I said hello to my family &amp; had myself an oatmeal cookie from a plate on the counter. I love oatmeal cookies. I hardly think of Mark, The Lost Boys, or “Friendship-ruining whore”. Even If I do, It really doesn’t phase me. 

I really should wrap this up. I know the question on your mind. Why do I want to die? For the sake of saving some time, I’ll make a list:

1.I’m stuck In a house full of people I hate. I know hate Is a strong word. I’m not a hateful person. I have my reasons, It’s time I don’t have. I can’t move out because I give the majority of the money I earn to pay for a shot my father, whom I hate, needs to keep his severe psoriasis under control.
2. I have no one to talk to. “Friends” (always boys) come into my life &amp; leave as soon as they find out I’m only looking for friendship. I can’t, for the life of me, figure out how to make friends at work...or anywhere for that matter. It really is bad.
3. Even If I could make friends, everyone In this town Is so caught up on sex &amp; drugs. I have nothing against that, I just can't relate. Thus making the matter even worse.
4. I don’t feel like a real person. I feel like a machine. The same thoughts run through my head everyday. Like a broken record. Thousands of questions, not a single answer.
5. It’s been this way for far too long.

I’m really not looking for anyone to talk me out of this. I’ve got a little time to kill before I’m alone. So If you’re still reading this, I guess I’d just like to know how your day went. It'll be nice to think about something other than the rubbish stuck on repeat In my head. I'll also be watching some of my favorite youtube vids on the other tab so If you've got a favorite video you'd like to share, feel free.