Dont know where to turnThis is probably going to seem like a long rambling message and Im not sure if its going to make any sense whatsoever but I'm writing this email because I am afraid, I am afraid I'm going to do something stupid, but sometimes stupidity seems like the only logical solution.

I am a 35 year old bloke, married with 3 kids, but thats where it gets complicated, both my wife and I have a child from our first marriages and we have 1 together. the eldest (hers) and the youngest (ours) live with us, and my son from my first marriage lives with his mum.

I saw my son for the first time this week in almost a year, and its caused such a rift at home that feelings of isolation and paid that i have had for such a long time i have come to a head.

My wife, hates my ex wife, my ex has played games over the years  with contact with my son, the latest being this year long spell of no contact, It is suspect that I have aspergers (not diagnosed) and it is looking like my son is they same, it was bascially a temper tantrum of his, were he said he didnt want to see us, and his mum backing that up that caused us to lose contact.

My wife, who suffers depression says she doesnt hate my son, but her anger to my ex wife just over flows, all she has said since i saw him on saturday is that she is angry that I bow down to the whims of my ex, where as in reality to me i just jump at the chance to see my son, as I would with any of our kids.

I just dont see a solution, a way of please everyone one, and while my wife says she isnt making me choose, the fallout from seeing my son makes it clear it is a problem.

Wether is my aspergers traits, or this is how life is I just dont seem to enjoy anything, I have no friends, no family and no matter ehat i do i cant make people happy.

I work pretty much all the time, we dont have finacial worries, my wife doesnt have to work, but its not enough, she isnt happy, they kids are not happy and as a result im running aroung like a headless chicken trying to please everyone.

This isnt the first time ive felt like this, sometimes life seems to get in such a rut that ending it seems like the only logical solution, the only thing that really stops me is the pain it will cause those i love, but then if they are unhappy with me,then maybe short term pain and the release woud be better for them.

I feel like such an idiot for even thinking like this, but it isnt by choice, it isnt some cry for help, it just seems like the only logical progression and it scares the shit out of me.

Ive tried talking to my wife, and it just turns in to a rant about me being biased towards my son, i literally have no idea where to turn, and feel so alone it all seems pointless.

I'm not even sure why im writing this, i started writing it to the samaritans but trying to communicate with a person seem alien to me, im shit are friendships, always have been.

Im not even sure this makes sense
