I’m kind of a loser.As far as positive qualities go, I am of average intelligence, I am organized, I have good time management skills, and I’m an ok writer, but honestly that’s pretty much it.

Negative qualities on the other hand, I’m ugly, I’m introverted, I’m a nerd, I recently gained back the weight I had lost, I’m socially awkward, I don’t have very good self-control, I’m bad at athletics to the point that I don’t even want to play games outside with my friends because me being involved just makes it annoying for everyone else, I’m on prescription medication for depression, and in general I’m just kind of a loser. There are probably more bad qualities I have but the list goes on so long that it’s hard to remember all of the reasons I’m worthless.

Throughout my earlier years I was even worse than I am now. I’ve made so many dumb mistakes that I’ll never forgive myself for and  will never be able to forget, that It feels like I’m being eaten alive.

What makes this all worse is I have nothing in life that should keep me from being a good person. I’m a white male who was born into a middle class family. My family has loved and cared for me my entire life. My parents never split up. I had a large number of bad medical issues that my parents paid to have fixed. And now they decided that they would pay my tuition for a nice private university. And with all of that going for me I still managed to turn out as a fat fucking loser.

I just feel like I’m just a walking debt. Talking to me is a waste of time, getting me involved in things just makes them harder, being friends with me is a chore, and I’ve cost my parents 5 times my weight in gold. It feels like I just exist to burden the nice people around me and suck the fun out of anything I’m involved in. Now that I’m at college I try to call home weekly and when I do I get rushed off of the phone, and when I text I get weirdly over positive replies. It’s like their lives are better without me around  and their only paying for my college so that they don’t have to keep me around them. Being like this is just too much for me to handle sometimes. I’d do anything to be anyone other than myself. Sometimes I feel like I’d be better if I didn’t exist at all.

I doubt I will end up killing myself. I’ve never attempted to, planned to, or put any serious thought or effort into trying to kill myself. It’s more like the thought of letting all the pressure in my mind fizzle into nothingness is a thought so comforting that I am often disturbed by it. And it prompted me to post my thoughts here. I’m not smart enough to know if thoughts like that are a genuine risk for me and trying to figure that out for myself would just confuse me. All I know is that I don’t hate myself more than I love the people who care for me which is probably what’s kept me from pursuing suicide as a course of action. I can’t really think of anything else that keeps me from doing it other than a vague fear of death and maybe doughnuts. But regardless of what it is suicide has never come up as a genuine option in my head. It just pops into my head sometimes when I’m mulling over my actual options for solving the problems in front of me. The honest thing that drove me to post this was the fact that I just failed my term test in physics 1 like an hour ago and while mulling over methods of improving my studying, and things I can do to improve my grades I was like “man I wish I was just dead”. And then I thought “man I wonder if thinking stuff like that will make me kill myself”.

I guess I don’t really care if anyone reads this. I mostly made it to voice all of the reasons I hate myself and rationalizing why I haven’t killed myself despite hating myself so much. Learning if I’m actually at risk of necking myself later in life would just be a bonus.