I just cannot take it anymoreMy life has turned to complete shit, I can no long fathom living in such a horrible world. I’m a 17 year old male, and I have had depression since I was 13, but my anxiety and OCD have been prevalent much longer than that. I’m also fairly certain I have BPD, I meet all the criteria and it was actually suggested I might have it by my former psychologist, but I never went back to get a referral to a psychiatrist for diagnosis. Anyway, my entire life has been a fucking shit show. My father died when I was 2 in a car accident, but I am extremely close with my mother and her said of the family obviously, but my mother is quite cold and distant. She does her absolute best for me and my half-sister - she has an excellent work ethic, buys us everything we need etc, but is quite emotionally distant most of the time. I’m always too embarasssd to talk to her about my problems because she used to have a habit of getting angry about it when I would try to talk to her about it when I was younger. She got engaged to another man who obviously became my stepdad, he was emotionally abusive toward me for years, threatening to kill me and saying how my real father deserved to die, all things like that. But these last few weeks have been absolute agony for me. I’ve been investigated by police for a crime that I didn’t commit, and this has heightened my extreme paranoia and anxiety, and my grandmother has been diagnosed with stage 1 uterine cancer. My grandmother is the ONLY person I have who has always been there for me unconditionally, the only person that I can talk to. I think about suicide literally every day, and have done so for the past 3 or 4 years. I’m in Year 12 at the moment in high school, yet I have like 30% attendance because I just cannot fucking do it anymore. I’ve told my so-called friends how I’m feeling, they don’t give a fuck even though I’m the one who’s there to help them with their petty fucking relationship problems. I go out of my way for everyone and can’t even get a fucking “hope you’re okay.” I cannot see myself living any longer. I don’t really actually want to die, I WISH I could keep living and achieve everything I know I would be capable of (I did pretty well in school for the most part), but I cannot deal with the constant mood swings, the EXTREME paranoia and anxiety, intrusive thoughts, etc. I don’t know what to do? I can’t even see a psychologist because I live in a semi-rural town and no psychologists bulk bill around here anymore (I’m located in Australia). I feel completely hopeless.

So sorry that this is so long, thank you though if you took the time to read it. I’ve never vented before