Only other option is to continue being miserable.I've probably been depressed for a long time. I've just felt nothing for so long and been such a shitty person that i guess it seemed normal to me.  Things have happened lately and it seems like a floodgate of emotions and normal human feelings has opened and the outcome of my life is still being decided by a coin toss.  I literally have nothing going for me in my life apart from my girlfriend and my dog. 
Towards the end of last year i started realising that i was a massive cunt and tried to be a better person and boyfriend but it seems i was too late. She wrote me a letter saying that she basically couldnt be with me anymore for various reasons that were true, we spoke a lot after that and seemed to make some progress. We cried, we laughed, we spent some time together and i thought we were making real progress on being better with each other, i really do understand how shitty ive been and for a week or so things seemed amazing, like my eyes had been opened and i was ready to open up, to be affectionate, to love and be loved.
Things arent great, we aren't properly back together and she isnt sure if she even still wants to be with me anymore. She explained that the response was unexpected and confusing which i guess makes sense. I honestly want to spend the rest of my life with her and to hear her say shes not sure if she wants to be with me just crushes what little i have left to carry on.  She hasnt made up her mind yet and i doubt she will want to stay with me and i guess i dont blame her, too little too late as she likes to remind me.  The only reason i havent done it already is because of the 1% chance she wants to stick with me.

I have nobody else to talk to, i didnt post here for replies or for help. I came here reading posts and it did nothing for me. I fucking love my retarded dog and i hate myself even more for being selfish enough to leave him.

You guys and girls that post to help people are awesome by the way, the world needs more people like you.