My suicide note, I don't know why I'm posting this.To anyone who actually reads this, I'm going to add a little context. I've been having suicidal thoughts recently, and when I got home from work I decided to just sit down and quickly write a suicide note to see what would happen. Obviously, its way too long for me to expect random people to actually read the whole thing, however if you do you should know that I'm twenty-five and I have two older brothers named Chris and Andrew that I reference at the end. Also, I have not actually killed myself. Also Also, for anyone commenting don't feel like your comments are going to push me either closer or further from the edge, the reasons for my suicidal thoughts don't have anything to do with you guys. Thanks.

If anyone is reading this, it is because I have decided to commit suicide. I want to spend the next page going over some of the causes that made me believe this was really an option. I think the best way to do that is to clear up any reasons you might think I would kill myself. I didn’t do it because I have a drug abuse problem, I didn’t do it because I’m feeling sad, and I didn’t do it because I believe suicide is a solution to my problems. I did it because I am alone in this world. 
	My first thoughts of suicide started when I was around 10 or so. After 15 years its hard to express why I wanted to kill myself at that age, however I remember thinking that life would never get better. As I grew up I made a decision that I would give life a chance, to truly test whether or not I would always feel this way.
	Over the next 8 years of middle and high school I would never be normal, I would never be popular, I would never be well liked. However I sometimes found some comfort in that, to reject a social design that others placed on me. When growing up I had one goal, to join the military and serve my country. I didn’t see any other reasons to live. 
	I’m proud of my service, I wish I could have done more. I wish I could have given my own life. I wish my death had meant something. While in the Coast Guard I would have bouts of depression, it could be caused by being ridiculed by my supervisor. Or by not being able to make friends around the ship. However I enjoyed the work, I felt like I had a responsibility to do a good job, and it tended to snap me back fairly quickly.
	My current run in with depression began around 6 months ago, a few months after I left the Coast Guard. I believe losing that sense of purpose, losing the thing that I have wanted to do for so long was what began this spiral. I’ve thought about getting help a lot lately, what it would be like to tell people what my problems were. There were a few reasons I did not. I didn’t want to put my job or security clearance at risk. I felt that admitting to anyone my suicidal thoughts, would make my life much harder. I didn’t see how it would help me. I believe my reasons for suicide come down to very logical reasoning that would not be overturned by telling someone my problems. And I didn’t know how; after 15 years of keeping my darkest feelings to myself it became a habit that was impossible to break. 
     Before going into my reasoning for suicide, I want you to know what the cause is. After months of thinking, I believe I know why. I’m alone. While I’ve had a few good friends during my life, they never lasted. At the moment of my death I can confidently say that I no longer have any friends that I talk to with any regularity. I spend most of my time alone in my apartment, the only reasons why I leave is to get food, go to school or work, and get lunch with my grandpa. It wasn’t enough for me. 
I haven’t had a lover in over 10 years, since my girlfriend in high school, and even that only lasted several months. It brings me a lot of pain to even try counting that. While it would be easy for me to blame society from producing women who wont even give an attempt to get to know me, I know its not true. I know that I haven’t found anyone ever, because I refuse to put myself out to other people. While in the Coast Guard I would always rationalize that it would be too hard to maintain a relationship, that it would be selfish to leave someone for over 6 months every year while I was deployed. So I would tell myself that I would wait until I was out and then it would change, I would magically find happiness. However after 15 years of self-doubt and insecurities I find the concept of making the necessary changes to be the hardest thing of all. 
And my family, writing about my relationship with my family would take too long, in a note that should have ended 6 paragraphs ago. What should be said was that lying and covering up my pain was the most destructive part of my relationship with them. As the years went on, I felt more and more disconnected from them. That at the time of my death, I barely recognized the impact they’ve had on my life. I’ve always felt that the fact that none of them had ever confronted me about my suicidal thoughts meant that they didn’t care enough. To me it seemed self-evident that I would have all these troubles. I’m unsure if they really suspected, or if I was just good at putting on an act in front of them, and that I am to blame. 
Now, to why I believe that suicide was my only option. To clear up any confusion, I don’t believe that suicide is a solution. Obviously, killing myself does nothing to help me with my trust issues, or my anxiety that I get when talking to strangers. What I believed was that those problems had no solutions. That I would live the next 5 to 6 decades in the same pit. I am afraid of dying, however not killing myself doesn’t mean I wont die. I could either spend 60 years in misery, constantly becoming more and more unstable.  Or I could save myself and everyone else the trouble. It wouldn’t change the fact that I’m going to die alone, leaving no impact on this world. 
Mom: I don’t know how you feel about me. If your ashamed or indifferent. I know you tried your best. 
Dad: I’m not sure what I wanted out of you. I’m not sure if doing stupid shit like going to my little league games would have changed anything. 
Jimmie: I know that I didn’t make things easy for you. I blamed you for all of my problems, a part of me still does. 
Grandpa: I appreciate the time you spent with me near the end. I don’t know if the suspicion that I was your only choice made the pain worse.
Andrew: I regret the deterioration of our relationship. I wanted to live your life, but I kept coming up short. 
Chris: you should know that as I write this I’m debating within my own head whether or not I should send this to you before I kill myself. I don’t want to die. I think that you might be the only one who can stop me. I cant stop crying as I write this part. Lately, I’ve spent a lot of time looking up to you. I don’t know what I would want you to do. I know I wouldn’t want you to tell anybody, and I know that that’s a lot of responsibility to shoulder on you. I feel guilty for even wanting you to, to even put this burden on you so that you can talk me out of it. I fucking hate myself for it. I also know that you might want to come up north and I don’t want that either, I don’t want to burden anyone’s life with my own problems. I guess what I want is to have someone know the real me, to understand my darkest impulses and to not hold it against me.  

