The suicide hotline, doctors, nurses and therapists made my condition worseI was institutionalized last year because I was crying and my in person therapist said she feared for my safety even though I didn’t even hint towards suicide. 

The hospital they put me in made me actually suicidal, but I had to lie to get out of there because it was BAD. People would jump on each other, scream up and down the hallway and threaten each other. 

I was dealing with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome for a year and it landed me in the ER a month after being institutionalized because it gave me seizures. There I was abused by a nurse who put his hands on me in a physical manner meant to hurt me and curled up his lips in anger because I wasn’t responding and he accused me of faking. I reported him and all I got was an apology letter. 

With chronic fatigue syndrome I was struggling with getting my SSI and Medicaid and doing one million papers it felt like. That pulling out a lawsuit would have left me in the bed for months, unable to feed myself. 

I’ve been through this over and over again. I was was diagnosed with CFS in 2017 while working and got FLMA. I had to quit when my FLMA ran out. I went to a clinic about early 2019 because was fainting a lot and I didn’t have insurance. I went into the office that day and the doctor  snapped at me for not giving her eye contact and I was telling her what was going on. 

It also said in my chart that I was in for fainting ind dizziness. When I spoke up for myself, she was ran into a dead in by me so she used the “you’re not telling me what’s going on” card. When I was was literally just sitting there explaining it to her. 

When I said I had CFS, she snapped “ did you get that from google?” I said no my doctor. “Well give me the records. 

Now I’m upset because today I was talking on the phone with a therapist for the first time that said she wasn’t able to help me because I didn’t want to share explicitly in detail how my rapes happened, so she could know what she was dealing with. It was my first time talking to her, but right out the gate over the phone just knowing I was raped wasn’t enough, she needed the details. 

I was so disgusted and the way she was talking reminded me of my second rapist because I’m telling you I’m not comfortable right now, we barely stared talking but you’re telling me I can’t be helped because I wasn’t ready to share in detail how my rape happened. 


Actually reaching out for “help” just pushed me to suicide because of the healthcare system. Plus if you speak out about it, you get shunned. It’s SO bad, I put a call recording APP on my phone because nurses would call my phone to make snide comments. 

The only thing that’s keeping me alive is not having access to a gun, because of my conditions I have to go to the doctors often and was put in the ER 5 times in a year. I’m stressed and can’t get decent help no matter which angle I turn. 

I tried overdosing on different types of medication multiple times and I’m a failure at that because my body is resilient. I just sleep for days, or my body starts jerking uncontrollably for a day,  extra seizures, while being woozy and there I am still alive dealing with this shit. It’s like I’m in hell and something is getting a kick out of my torture by keeping me alive ( I’m being sarcastic), but that’s what it really feel like.