I’m going to kill myself...First let me introduce myself, Im 13 and struggling through life. I have no father but a mother. Before you say I shouldn’t hate my life this early, let me give you a preview. The first 5 years of my life were good, raised in a house with my mom and grandma and everything was promising. Except my Grandma smoked. She smoked a pack a day and eventually got lung disease. She had to carry around oxygen tanks to breathe. It was scary for me then. Around 2013 in October, my Grandma died. I still remember it in detail:

   I was in the kitchen trying to reach the top shelf of the fridge(I was short) and kept yelling for my mom, I looked around the house for her, no sight of her. I walked into my grandmas bedroom and saw her lying on the floor gasping and trying to say help but barely able to. I screamed for my mom, after a few seconds she came in and saw my grandma laying on the ground gasping. She grabbed the house phone and called 9-1-1. I was freaking out to much to help. I could have saved her. There were ways if I just thought of them, I could have helped her. I failed.

A few days after that we went into the hospital with clarification that she died. My uncles came to the hospital too. They showed us her dead body. I tried to hold back tears thinking I could be tough. One of my uncles pat my shoulder and said “it’s okay to cry, it’s okay to cry.” I bawled. It was fault. 

    After we found my grandmas will, it said to sell the house and split the money 4 ways to my mom and uncles. My mom got my grandmas car from the will as well. My mom had no place to go. With the 50,000 she got, she rented a apartment and became a hoarder. I became conflicted. We got a bug infestation because of the hoarding. Time after time again we got kicked out for bugs and hoarding til we weren’t allowed to rent a apartment. We rented hotels again and again getting kicked out. During that time my mom lost 40,000 dollars due to a scam for an airfare to Hawaii. Another event that took place was when social security knocked on the door and took me to a place called Orangewood. There I was not allowed to see my mom until she cleaned up the apartment. I was at Orangewood for a year. Near the end, I was molested while I was sleeping by a gay child. I wish to not talk about that in the comment section. 
After I was free from Orangewood, my mom starting hoarding in the car. When we got kicked out of this last apartment, I lived in the car. From one of the employees of the hotel, we got a dog for free. Another thing to add onto the list of problems. My mom finally got a job at a grocery and process a half a year, found someone at her job to be roommates with. She was a abusive roommate. Not to my mother, but to me. She said that since she was older than me, she had dominance and was practicing her rights when she beat me. We lived like this for a year until the roommate got fired from the grocery store and found a job. It was a grocery delivery job. She made me work it 12 hours a day with her no matter what. If I ever voiced my opinion, I got beat. I started getting depressed and got addicted to vodka and gin that I shoplifted. Any time she wanted to see something in any way she wants, she will. My mom got fired from the grocery store too for stealing. She waited half a year to get another job. Once she got it, I barely ever saw her. My roommate kept saying how much my mom hated me because of how much a terrible person I am. I wanted to kill myself. I still do.

I need someone to talk to. And don’t say, just report the roommate. If I do then I live on the streets and I get taken from my mom. Please.