Yesterday I had a breakdown and almost fully decided to kill myself. I’m scared it will happen again and I don’t know what to do.I’m diagnosed with depression and there are many factors that mix together that caused me to be depressed. I have been seriously thinking about killing myself for the past two years and what the best way to do it would be. There have been more serious problems that i’ve dealt with but the ones that happened yesterday for some reason seemed to really get to me. I guess i’m very lonely and I don’t know if I can do this anymore. I don’t have any friends or family that I can trust and that love me. Yesterday I got into an argument with a girl i started talking to and basically all my friends. The girl i’m talking to seems to think i’m manipulating her because her friend is telling her that I am. Which sucks because I actually really like her and it hurt me that she would think that. I don’t talk to 80% of my friends anymore because they have ditched me many times when I haven’t done anything wrong to them and I realized I deserve better so I cut them off and now nobody talks to me and I don’t talk to nobody. One specific friend is mad because she asked me to order something online for her and it’s taking long. She’s asked for proof but I cannot provide it because its not on my email its on my moms who I asked to order it. I rarely talk to my mom to begin with because of family issues so seeing her home is rare. All these things have happened in the past 24 hours and I was very close to going through with everything and I don’t know why but I decided today isn’t the day. I’m hurting a lot and i’m honestly very scared of myself. I don’t know how I will react next time something happens but I need some advice on what I can do? Or maybe on my situation and how I can “improve” and be “happy” whatever that means. I’ve gone to the doctors but i’m not comfortable with talking about these things to someone in person like that. I seem to get very anxious and I become mute and its not like I do it on purpose either. I just cant seem to talk to someone about these things. I’ve never been able to talk to someone about anything serious in person. Help me out please :)