I just need to talkRight now, I am not really suicidal. But I know I am edging closer towards it. I actually have an entire suicide plan. Buy a small caliber gun. Buy a razor and some aspirin. Sit in a hot bath and take aspirin to open my blood up and thin my blood. Cut along my left arm as deep as I can with the razor. Grab the gun and put it in my mouth and aim for the upper back of my neck.

Although when I read that, I am indifferent...it does kind of frighten me.

So, I guess I just need to unload.

I sincerely feel like I will be a failure. I am going to college for chemical engineering. I took some college classes senior year, but otherwise, this is my first year. I keep doing everything at the last minute, I keep relying on my short-term memory, and I just have horrible habits. Last semesters this almost annihilated everything. I got a D in PreCalc. Luckily, I escaped with good grades in my easier courses. Now, I am taking a 90s level math class that I want to study for. And I mean study. I need to know math really well. Yet here I am...wasting time online. I see all of my old classmates doing great things. One is majoring in aerospace engineering. He appears to have an active social life, joining rocket clubs, and getting As and Bs. Another is going for physics. Straight As, a girlfriend, living in a city (I have a massive fear over cities). One is doing a law track. She has As, getting internships, and she is even going to the State Supreme Court to watch them talk about handling kids who need care. AND here I fucking am wasting all day online or daydreaming or sleeping or annoying my dog or eating terrible food. I do not know how to properly express what I want to say. But I am on the verge of crying so there's that.

I know basically every possible way to improve. I have been looking up studying habits, improvement, discipline, etc for almost 4 years now. I know everything. Start small, schedule, X Effect, no zero days, and so on. But I do not do anything.

My therapist is quite sure that I have aspergers. I agree with her. Honestly, I love having it. I actually really love my introverted, asperger type personality. The problem is this world hates it. How am I suppose to get a job when all of my passion and excitement is in my head? I remember my sister took me fishing in Idaho...it was the most beautiful scenery of nature I have ever seen. I was in love with that place. But my face was blank. Just like it will be in any job interview. The interviewer will never hire someone who looks like they lack passion. Oh and fucking networking and connections in college. How am I suppose to do that? I do not even have an urge to actually talk to people! Generally, I am not actually that shy. I forced myself to talk to a girl in my class. I did with little to no nervousness...but I couldn't talk to her. Questions to ask her do not pop up and i am just awkward. I have no urge to talk, I have no skills, I am awkward, I am quiet, and more. I will never get any connections or do networking. And one NEEDS them to get a job apparently.

I guess that is it. Thank you for reading that if you did. 