Don't see the point anymore16 years old, just started 6th Form at school.
I'll be honest, I just don't really see the point anymore. I've been a music and academic scholar for 3 years now, coming onto 4, and the demands on my time are ridiculous. It's a boarding school, so they can pretty much do with my time as they please. I'm taking Physics, Chemistry, Maths and Further Maths; all subjects that I enjoy, but I'm definitely struggling to keep up with the work load. For the past 3 years my extra curricular activities have so far been rugby, and thats about it. In 6th form, you get to do a race, called the Devises to Westminster race, which is an incredibly long kayaking race in England. Takes a few terms of dedicated training to get to the required skill level, but it's an incredible experience. Had my first "on water" session today, and due to a minibus breaking down on the way back from the river, I'm about 30 minutes late for a termly Music Scholar meeting. I go to see the head of music to apologise, and I try to explain what happened, but he just shrugs and says "it's always this and that, never your fault." " I'm not performing the roles I'm expected to as a scholar." Now fine. I understand where he's coming from, as I'm saving 15% of a £30k yearly tuition from this scholarship, so obviously they expect something in return. He asked me, after the bollocking whether I wanted to be a scholar. He said he was more than happy to phone my parents and tell them I was no longer a music scholar. I said of course not, I want to be a scholar. However, that's just a lie. I hate being a music scholar. Being an academic scholar is fine, as they only have weekly lectures, but when the time I have to catch up on work, my free periods, my free time before and after breakfast and supper, and occasionally my weekends, are taken up by this musical demand, I just can't take it anymore. I just want to be able to spend an afternoon with my friends, but instead, I have daily music rehearsals for a handful of groups, and instrumental lessons where I learn nothing. Now, with  this added work, and all the additional work I need to do for Further Maths, I feel I can't anything. My parents have asked me whether I really want to be a music scholar, and I feel like I have to say yes. The tuition fees are £30k a year, so with 15% off for Music and 15% off for Academic scholarships, on top of a 35% bursary, we're already being given huge savings on tuition. I don't know much about my parents financial situation, but I know enough to know that I would not be able to stay at this school if I lost my music scholarship. I'm sure we could amass the money somehow, but with my Dad having recently retired, I just can't make them do that. So if I stopped, I'd have to change schools, right at the start of one of the hardest couple of years in my education. I've been here for 4 years now, and I see it as my home away from home. I know everyone, I know all the teachers, and I have become close with lots of people. I can't leave now. I just feel like everything would be so much easier if I just ceased to live. I don't understand why I'm even trying to live through this, and it just strikes me as such a clear option. It's about the only thing I can think of that can solve this. I don't want to have to wake up every morning to take part of a routine I hate. It would be so much simpler to not wake up. Knowing I now can't go kayaking, the only request I've made, is the final straw. If I can't even do ONE thing that isn't music, or just a standard compulsory sport, I just don't want to do anything. I can't do climbing, I can't play golf, I can't go swimming, I can't do anything all of my peers are spending their time doing. I'm just rambling now, but it really makes me sad. My sister had depression, and my parents had to deal with that, and they were fine. They understood what she was going through, and she understood that self-harm was her coping mechanism. I feel that they'd learn to understand the choices I'd made, and I think that makes me feel less of a coward. Well that's it.