Teacher trying to help a suicidal student, advice appreciatedApologies for the length of the post, but when a life is potentially on the line words are important. 

I'm a high school teacher (male) who just found out yesterday that my student (16yo female) is having serious suicidal thoughts. First time dealing with this situation and it's been pretty taxing. I'd really just appreciate advice on how to go about supporting my student.

We're doing Romeo and Juliet in class, she was all into it through the first couple weeks. Said she'd read it like 4 times and was super involved in the class, acting like herself. 

Then about two weeks ago she didn't participate anymore, seemed kind of not there. Yesterday we were acting out the final scene (with the double suicide) and she adamantly volunteered for the part of Juliet, and did it damn well. 

So I asked her how she had been and she hung back while the class let out for recess. Her friend was there at first.

"How have you been?"

"Not good."

"Why not good?"

"Been thinking about my death."

"Your death? What do you mean?"

Her friend: "Yeah, she told me yesterday she would give me her makeup kit" (this is definitely a prized possession, she does really cool fake blood zombie style makeup.) Friend left.

"Well, I was just thinking that I don't want to live anymore and that it would be fine if my mom went into my room to wake me up for school and saw me laying in bed covered in blood."

Obviously that's a serious threat. She told me she had cut herself before. She has access to razor blades. This had the feeling of something that would happen the next day (today, Friday).

She expressed feelings of being alone, that nobody understands her. She's not like most 16 year old girls, has tons of personality. Reads anime, Stephen King novels, and 50 shades of Gray. Draws like a pro. Wrote a short horror story last year for English which was one of the best in a school competition. 

So we talked about that, I said she's an incredibly talented and interesting person, and I understand that people don't get her interests and that must be frustrating.

"Everybody wants me to act 'normal' and stop doing the stuff I like doing."

Her other teachers are constantly on her ass about how she needs to act more like a girl her age.

Anyway, I came back at the end of the day and gave her my phone number, told her to call if she had any more thoughts about suicide or if she needed anything at all. She said "really?" with a tone that broke my heart.

**Day 2 (today, friday)**

Found out through some other students that somebody saw me give her my number, and she downplayed it in a group chat calling me creepy.

Saw her talking to another teacher, I suppose she told him what's up.

She was more active in class and seemed more responsive. She even drew me a picture, which I assume was her way of saying thanks.

We talked a few minutes at the end of the day.

"How are you feeling?"

No response.

"Are you feeling better or worse today?"

"About the same."

"It takes time to feel better. It's okay."

"Why does everybody want to help me?"

"Because we care about you (which I go on to explain from my point of view)"

"You don't have to be involved. I'm fine by myself I've been alone so long I've adapted."

"I know I don't have to be, but I want to be. I want you to feel better. And it's one thing to be fine being alone, I can do that too, but if you're having these thoughts then something is wrong."

"I don't know."

"I just don't want you to do anything permanent. Things can get better."

"You just can't understand what's going on in my head."

"I know. I know. Honestly I'm not trying to understand, I'm trying to help you. Whatever I can do just let me know."

She turned to get her stuff.

"I'm going to keep checking on you, okay."

"My bus is going to leave."

"See you Monday."

And that's where I'm at. I have already talked to the school psychologist.

Wondering what else I can/should do. Thanks a lot for your help.