Raw Thoughts I guess.Before anyone judges me negatively, hear me out. When I think of being sad, something has happened. You lie down, maybe listen to some sad songs, it can last a while. Days are a bit difficult, but you’re around friends and overtime you bounce back doing the things you love and it was a learning experience all along.

I noticed that I was just a normal teenager acting up. Hormones and shit. It hurt, sure, but there were people to talk to, and people around me who loved me. It was bearable. Painful but bearable.

So you get treatment. Things start to look on the up. But then, you lose interesting in things that make you happy. It sucks but you push on. People count on you. You count on you. You get doctors appointments, therapy bookings, you fight back. It’s exhausting and takes everything out of you, but you’re still trying your best to smile, go through each day, accomplish each task, and sleep to repeat. Being bipolar, you noticed the low moods begin to take a turn for the worst. You become irritable, lethargic, thoughts seem to get stronger and stronger. I even had a rumour about me at one point. Does anyone know how much that fucks with you? When NO ONE asks you the truth?

I opened up to a lot of people. That’s what I learned all my life. Hiding it just hurts. Some reacted positively. Some cut me out. Some saw me differently. But I still loved them all. Nothing changed. 

Current circumstances? My head hurts so fucking badly from staying up all night wondering how I can die, breathing is an effort, I take focus on every breath praying to god that it just suddenly stops. Before assuming I’m selfish please put yourself in my shoes. I don’t want to seek attention. I didn’t want to throw a pity party, and look where the fuck that has gotten me. Everyone said I had a low work ethic. And that’s completely true, because all I was working on was not killing myself everyday. I felt like a freak. Everyone smiling around me, joking with me, but I don’t feel anything! You stop eating, people said I played on fortnite too much, even picking up a controller was a drag. At 17 years old.

Do you know what felt the worst though? When you finally give in. Because now your selfish. Now you should’ve reached out. Now you were just sensitive. It doesn’t matter, until you’re dead. How fun.

I love every single one of you. But please, understand that I was a dead man walking. No one could’ve prevented anything. Don’t replay scenarios in your head. Don’t make up rumours. Don’t make up assumptions. Don’t get angry at me, or anyone. Let this shit die with me. 