If you want to die pls come here firstive been planning my suicide for a while. each time i break down the plan changes a little. today after crying my eyes out i filled out the application to get a permit to buy a gun. ive thought this method was too messy in the past but today i reached a new level of self hatred where it sounded pretty fitting. i feel like in not wired right. everything hurts. my life is good. i have loving parents. good supportive friends. a great sister whos a shinning role model. but i often end the day in tears. people say to stop and sount your blessings and its supposed to help but it only makes me more mad at myself. i have it so good and i still want to die. what is wrong with me. after i filling out the application for the gun i cried some more and then decided to call the suicide prevention hotline. i had a half assed conversation about antidepressants as i held back tears. i cant blame the guy. i was nervous and didnt know what to say so i asked him about them. i felt like i was talking to walmart customer service or something though. it didnt help. i felt even worse. here i am a 23 year old man crying to another grown man asking about drugs. i felt so stupid and ended the conversation with "im sorry for wasting your time. thank you. goodbye." and hung up before he had the chance to say anything else. i cried for a bit longer. i felt so stupid. i went online and looked for suicide chatrooms or something. just anything to talk to someone but not on the phone. i went through a bunch of articles about depression and suicide. but then i found one that got to me a bit. it talked about suicidal thoughts as the moment our pain begins to out weigh our methods for coping with pain. i dont know, im a very methodical/show me the facts type of guy and this way of looking at it just struck me in a way the other things hadnt and for while i stopped crying. i kept scrolling and eventually got to the comments section of the article and found a bunch of people saying how much they wanted to die and how bad they felt. i always feel like im not taken seriously. my situation is pretty good so when i have voiced how i feel to people in the past ive been dismissed and told to get over it because there are people who have it worse than me. i understand that this world is harsh and will kick you but i feel like dying when everything is ok. somethings just not right in my head or maybe somethings just not right in my life. but seeing those people talk about it really made me feel better because as cliche as it may sound i felt like i wasnt alone. i didnt feel so defective. there are people who understand what im feeling. that coupled with the perspective of the article really made me feel like i can change. something may be off with me or my life right now but i feel like we can get through it. im not gonna preach on the strength of the human spirit or anything like that but i just really believe in us. you and i just dont have the tools right now. i want you all to use this reddit to talk to each other and just relate and maybe share tips. the most potent help ive found has been in you all and your stories so i just want you to use this partially for you and partially for me. i think we can make it together. i feel so fucking corny.