I've been living a double life online, and I'm tired of itThis may seem more offputting than most things posted here, rest assured that it's something I have kept to myself for a long time and I have to at least get it off my conscious through text. 

To start off, I'm a straight married man with a precious child, a secure job and a mostly loving wife.  I'm sort of an outcast and a shy person and have very few friends in person. I consider myself very blessed to have found such a caring woman and given such a fun and beautiful daughter. 

However.. in my gaming and online side of things, I pretend to be a woman to many online friends. It's the only place I can sort of live as the person my mind reflects as myself. I have to always hide this personality when i go to work, when i spend time with my family, when I do anything in the real world. It is so painful to live as who i am on the outside and i know that if i tried to change it i would lose everything else that I love dear.   It is so difficult to have friends who want to have game nights, because I have to pretend to be someone else again and hide everything I've established over the last decade of my online persona just to not blow my cover of being a freak. 

I wish I could just come out and say it and know my wife wouldn't leave me, my job wouldn't lay me off, or my family wouldn't stop speaking to me. Never mind the fact that I will never, ever become this person I believe I am, even if I tried as hard as I could. 

Lately, my wife has grown distant from me and it has really pushed this feeling out of me and turned me into a recluse who spends most of my time bottled up in my office, trying to spend time with friends who I know I will never meet and if I did they would also think I was a freak. I've always pushed these thoughts aside, but lately depression has really grabbed a hold of my brain and I contemplate the thought that maybe I will get a second chance to be born as a normal human, or the person I wish to be, if I just take my own life. I just wanted to get this off my shoulders as it has been a well kept secret for over a decade now.