Literally no escape from brainThis is a really, really, really, really long one...

I’ve always not been great mentally, tried to commit suicide several times before (mostly pills or at bad times blood loss/ or more simply tried to off myself with a coke overdose). this went on for maybe 10 years (since teens). stuff then happened that maybe ‘warranted/validated’ how i felt (i don’t mean to diminish anyone else’s feelings - just ‘warranted’ in my head). 

i ended up in a horrible relationship because i wanted to help my (sort of) girlfriend through her brother committing suicide. she gave me a black eye at that time - and i excused it - and we somehow ended up married, despite that abusive behaviour not changing. lost my nan (complications from regular surgery), mum - from cancer- in the space of a month. my mother in law (who was the gentlest most caring person i’ve ever known -and helped my wife be less abusive) then died. i miss them all so fucking much. after years i finally had the sense to push for divorce.

i switched antidepressants, but then i fell/had a first time seizure (possibly because of the new antidepressants). 

from that i had a brain haemorrhage. i lost most of my hearing (playing music/band/playing in shitty gritty clubs etc. was everything to me). it made me lose my sense of smell/taste (i loved food and cooking), and my brain just isn’t what it was. aside from music, then only thing that made me feel useful was writing, or joking. now i can’t spell, or read well. or find words easily. i get stuck part way through a joke that makes people laugh at me because i scramble for the wrong words and that’s funny in itself. from the head injury i’ve developed epilepsy, and have had seizures that have landed me in hospital.

i get so dizzy and nauseous that i can’t leave bed sometimes. or even get down the stairs. i get frequent night terrors. i’ve not been without a headache since three, nearly four years ago from the head injury. three years with a headache, a headache so bad it makes me want to smash my face into a wall, genuinely, and i mean this literally - there’s nothing else i can do with the pain - despite of every sensible pain treatment. i can’t take the pain. 

i was supposed to stop over at my childhood home from the divorce (got married very early 20s, with previously mentioned older woman - was supposed to just stop over till i found another place - before the haemorrhage). now i’m stuck in my childhood bedroom, incapable of doing anything, not being able to contribute anything. 

i can’t leave, i  can’t sleep, i can’t taste, i can’t smell, i can’t hear well, i struggle to understand words and conversation. and i always.have.an.excruciating.headache. 

the night terrors make sleep, which should be a rest, awful. but i can’t help it. i fall asleep part way through work (in a job i’m blagging, because it takes me so long to understand what i’m reading/hearing). i wake up, at my desk, feeling fucking terrified. and then having to push through the day (i’m lucky enough to be working from home).

i don’t feel like i can do it. i genuinely wish a seizure would take me out. that way no-one will feel responsible. i take my cocktail of epilepsy/pain meds four times a day. and every time think, what if i miss this one. what if i skip a day. this time will i stop breathing indefinitely, instead of having paramedics round to inject me and put a mask on. my dad said the reason my brother got sectioned (psychotic depression) was because that seizure kept him up all night.

depressingly, these paragraphs took me so long to write. i’ve had to look up spelling after spelling. this has literally taken over 2 hours to write.

it doesn’t even feel real. i don’t even feel real. i’m leaning on tablets i don’t want. leeching off people that shouldn’t have to accommodate someone that can barely formulate a sentence in real time. 

i’m completely lost. mentally, physically. what is it to be a person that can’t mentally or physically function. 

the pain specialist told me after x-many years this pain isn’t going. what can i do? what is there to do? i’m stuck, in every sense of the word. 

if you’ve got all the way down this far you’re a fucking trouper lol. i know everyone’s struggling. i know there are so many people with much, much, much more to grapple with. you all make me feel very proud.