Gf is laying next to me, screaming she wants to die, I'm scared and holding onto herGf lost her job today. I have been wrestling with her for the past hour. We are both tired. She's laying on her side, still feeling it. I'm scared and worried but trying to focus on her and her needs right now. 

Suicide prevention line has already been called, they will check back in at 7. 

She won't talk to her family, not ready for that. 

My mom is aware and will Calle back at 730. 

I will call the police if she gets away from or seriously hurts me or herself or gets a weapon.


 I'm trying


I don't know what to do. And I'm scared. 

5 minutes at a time.

Gf is half asleep.  Scared and on reddit ... fuck


Edit, 1024pm pst, we are still here. Both exhausted, we had some dinner, I had more trouble keeping it down then she did, I laid down for a minute (even been able to go the bathroom and take out the trash and she hasn't been trying anything). Now we are both just laying down on a futon she's half asleep, I'm just here next to her. I will try and get some sleep soon, I will need it for tomorrow.  

Thanks to anyone who had something to say. It's obvious but I needed it as much as she did. It's corny to say by right now I love you guys, just because it's such joy to know that other people care and want to say so. Thanks again.

Now we see how tomorrow will go.

Edit #2, 705am,

It's the next morning.  She's been asleep since ten the night before. I maybe got three to four hours myself. 

I know the focus should be her and her needs. I know I should focus on the time in front of me. 

... but I am absolutely  terrified of the times yet to come. Like Monday when I have to go to work. Or Thursday night when I'm coming home. A week past that, and do on. I don't know what day if any is where I come home and find something terrible or worse nothing at all and she's gone. 

I know I will fight for her as long as I can. But I am wrecked by all this. 

Edit #3, 1020am

I have been calling around all morning to various mental health and emergency counseling services. There's not much that can be done on the weekend though. There are a couple options but they all rely on her giving consent to treatment (since she has yet to succeed in hurting herself or others). 

That doesn't seem likely right now. She is a very depressed and exhausted state. She has not pulled herself out of the bed all morning, has not eaten anything. I was shock that she took her birth control pill though) somewhere around 6-7am when I was asleep or in the bathroom. Maybe its a sing, I don't know.

Either way, I have family coming to my place but it takes time (I live to hours away from anyone I actually know outside of work), she still wont talk to her family at all. 

I have the number for an emergency hotline if she wants to talk, or preferably if she consents to any kind of treatment we will go in for observation and consoling.

Right now I'm just working out my own fears, hence why I'm still here updating this thing. 

I'm scarred about Monday, I'm scarred of coming home from work five days from now an the apartment is empty and I never see or hear from her again. I've tried telling her that, I don't know if it helps or not. So I just try to reiterate that I'm here for here and love her. 

what I dont tell her is how scared I am about rent, and that  we were 1 month in to our 12 month lease that between us could only afford half each (FUCK ME SHIT FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK, oh god please help). I'm telling myself not to worry about that or money right now. It shouldn't be the focus, she needs to be taken care of first. I'm trying to hold onto that. 

For anyone still reading this, thanks, I'm sorry its written like shit, but yeah, this is for me at this point too. 

Edit #4, 1133am

My mom made it to my apartment, I feel kinda bad about that because I desperately needed another person here with me but the gas and travel costs ... bt I'm not supposed to worry about that at all, let alone right now.

Anyway, my GF is still in bed, in the aftermath of what happened last night. Depression, shame maybe, either way its a wall where she has cocooned herself behind for now. I'm just here waiting, getting some of the help I need. Getting what  resources I can together, what information I can. 

So now its waiting, when my GF asks for the help, I want to be there and hopefully I have the right pieces to enable some healing and after care.

Edit #5, 253pm

So my mom left, she talked with my gf for a couple hour and a half. It seemed to help some. Gf final got up, got a shower, ate some food. 

Right now we're just in bed together,  hurt but together.

Still here still trying.

Edit #6, 543pm

My gf has had a minor relapse, it's not as violent as the previous night but she is severely depressed and saying she feels empty and hopeless. 

I am here for her all the same, sitting next to her on the couch. Saying what feels right and trying to keep how much she is loved in sight. I have had her read few messages of yours/pm'ed my way, they have been mostly helpful and reached her a little. I thank anyone for those messages, I don't say it lightly that right now I love you all. 

This editing and updating is more for me than her right now. Hopefully  things can get some momentum and reaching out for help or treatment becomes something she wants. 

If she gets violent again, I have to call the police. I don't know how I can handle another bad episode like that.  

Still here still trying 

Edit #7, 1039pm

So we hit a low point, again. 

She smacked me, tried smothering me with a blanket, and may or may not have tried jumping if a second story balcony ... but i got to her fast enough. Tackled her to the floor. It was then she broke and hit what I can only describe as rock bottom.

She cried for an hour. She couldn't stop apologizing. But she also was than willing to talk, we called a hotline and talked things over for an hour. 

Things gave calmed down a bit. We are on the couch, watching tv. She actually laughed at some things we are watching. 

I don't know what this means for later, or days from now. But ... feels like I can rest a little easier for now. We will see where this goes. 

Edit #8, 601pm (Sunday),

So things are ... interesting. 

I was way more troubled and scarred this morning than I ever would have thought. I was stirred up bad and scared. I cried for an hour and half. I called a crisis management line, that helped some but there wasn't much else to say or talk about. 

My GF was up, but sluggish and obviously very depressed. We tried showering together but it was short and a little awkward (it normally isn't obviously). I broke down again when we were done, in her depression my GF was talking about not wanting to be alive and it floored me. After two nights I was just messed up. I cried and begged for her to seek out help, she wasn't happy to have to deal with my mess on top of her own. She yelled no at me and ran upstairs to bed.

I had to leave, crying I told her to call me if she needed to, but I had to leave the apartment. I went for a fifteen minute walked, called my mom again, calmed down some. Came to the realization that I was so messed up and couldn't see it because I was projecting it all on my GF. 

I came back home, it was fairly quiet. We didn't talk much. We went to lunch (used a coupon for a free smoothie). things were okay. We thought about trying to go out for frozen yogurt (its hot as balls) but that didn't work out as it was way too crowded to deal with. 

We came back home, my GF cried for about  thirty minutes and was talking to me again about what had happened. We cuddled for a while. 

Overall things are a little better, but its certainly a road to recovery. Among other issues that cause us both anxiety (like getting a new job altogether .... fuck).

Anyway, I believe this should be my last update. The story has been told and now I'm in a place where I need to work on myself as much as try to be supportive to my GF. 

I can't express how happy I am that anyone responded with encouragement. Hopefully this little blog can be a window into what happens when some shit really hits the fan and things fall apart. Maybe it helps.

Still here, still trying, have to work on myself some too. 

Love you guys.