My boyfriend (30M) is really worrying me - he's potentially facing jailtime and is freaking out. Has mentioned "dying". Not sure what to do.I won't post many details because there is an active case going on. But background: an accidental violation of a restraining order (his psychopathic ex-girlfriend accused him of rape and holding her against her will without evidence, so now he has sexual assault and domestic violence charges) has caused the cops to issue an arrest warrant. Under his lawyer's direction, he is staying with me until she can get this sorted out. 

He's taking this horribly - being stuck at my house, being falsely accused, having no idea what's going on or what's going to happen, not knowing what his lawyer is doing or when this will be sorted out, not being able to go to work - in the end, he may end up in jail for a while, and this could affect the overall case. He's so sweet and so sensitive, and all this is tearing him up. I thought he was mainly just dealing with anxiety - not eating, panicking, throwing up when it gets bad, not sleeping. But last night he told me while crying "I don't want to die". I asked him what he meant, and he said something about "I just can't deal with this. Dying would be easier." 

I've been doing my best to take care of him - trying to get him to eat, distract himself, reach out to family members, and especially encouraging him to try to be patient while he waits for his lawyer's next instructions on what to do. But when he said this, everything took on a greater urgency. I tried to talk to him about how dying wouldn't make it easier - that these charges are only a little chapter in his life. I told him about how my dad died from suicide when he was 27, and I dealt with my own urges around that age, and how now that I've aged past 27 those extra years and what's happened in that time has meant so much to me. But I'm not sure if that's the right thing to say, and I'm not sure what I should keep saying to him. 

I'm definitely trying to listen as much as I can, and let him cry and talk as much as he needs. But since he's kind of "on the run" (he's following his lawyer's instructions), I don't know at what point I need to get someone more professional involved. I've made it clear that he should come talk to me whenever he wants, even if I'm working, and I'm trying to give him space but also show him affection and care. I don't know how serious he is, but I did quietly hide any medications I have just in case.

Please help. How do I help him through this? At what point do I need to get a professional involved, at the risk of ruining his lawyer's work to get him cleared? Thanks in advance.