I messed upIt's been a month and a half since I reconnected with this person, she has manipulated me into giving her lots of money, money that I needed to pay my car and my studies for this month, if she doesn't give me it back I don't know what I will do.

She told me that she inherited some money but needed to pay for the documents in order to get it. I helped, then she asked for more because they were asking more from her, I helped... it's been a month of this, I am an idiot because I trusted her, because how would someone do something like this? 

I was happy for her, to help her but after almost months... this can't be anything more than an scam.

She says that she loves me, we are a "couple" and well I have fallen for her idk if I felt because it was scary to lose contact with her meaning that I would lose the money but now... I don't know what to do...

Yes, I'm an idiot, who in their sane mind would have trusted in someone like that? but I felt like I mattered that helping someone was something good. I felt loved... now she tells me that she is trying to get her money in order to pay me, but when I ask for proof she says that I don't trust her that she isn't some scammer.

I have seen her cry in front of me, after I told her my preoccupations, that she cares for me, that we can have a future together... but the last couple days have been the worst... every time I talk we end up fighting...

She knows about my depression, she knows that I have tried to kill myself, she says that I'm just playing the victim card... I told her that on Tuesday I'm going to kill myself... I'm afraid that I will do it.

I'm not in the US so I don't thing the law here can help me, in the end it has been all my fault. I deserve this, I don't have anything left, my car isn't mine, I'm afraid that by not paying my debts I may end up in jail... Idk... I don't have much energy left, I don't know how to get help.

I feel that this is what God has for me, the last push to the wrong side, the last string... this is the worse I have ever felt... I'm really scared... 

Sorry for being a failure, but I won't ever get better, lo siento pero tengan por seguro que los amo, los amo con toda mi alma y espero continúen con sus vidas que este dolor que les voy a provocar no sea uno que no puedan superar. No pude pedir por una mejor familia y lamento no pedirles ayuda pero no quiero que se preocupen... por más estúpido que eso se escuche.

Los amo, y lo siento