I've been passively planning my exit the last few years. Just need to do a brain dump now and get it out thereI'm a male in his 30s, successful, healthy, people tell me they think i'm doing really well. I think almost everyone would be surprised to hear I am thinking about suicide. The last few years I have been planning my exit. I don't know when exactly i will do it, but probably before I turn 40.

My friends are all married and having children, I am meanwhile trudging along trying to make new friends and stay involved in something outside of work. I go to the gym a lot, I read, I have hobbies, I travel, I even moved across the country. I can improve lots of things about my life. I am a proud person and I am not helpless. Still i have no close friends that understand me and want to hear about what I am going through. If I even hint at being depressed I get the old "chin up, tough guy" or people just stop calling. I also have very bad relationships with my family. I have one sibling and we will probably never speak again. Not close with my parents. I had one serious girlfriend, but we broke up years ago and I have not tried a serious relationship since then. Lots of flings and short term dating, but nothing serious and I don't think I could ever be in a relationship again.

I just cannot fathom a reason to keep living other than sheer momentum and the will to live. I rarely experience any joy. I just work.. either at my actual job, or on hobbies and side projects, I am constantly working. The thing is, I like working. It gives me a purpose. Otherwise I feel like life is pointless. I have to make something out of my life. What else is there to do when you are my age? Dating is like torture to me. Everyone i meet on a dating site is just looking for someone to buy them dinner and drinks and show them a good time. I feel objectified and I never feel a connection. Sex is meaningless sensory stimulation. I enjoy it on a primal level but it leaves me feeling empty. The only thing I can offer women is sex or the superficial "stability" that women in their 30s want, basically to have a house and a car, the trappings of a "successful life". But that isn't what I want. I want to live a real life. I want somebody who likes books and doesn't care about bullshit. I have almost completely given up on women at this point, I'm tired of getting burned, and I don't want to date anyone i don't have a connection with.

My sole hope in life is to somehow make that connection. Otherwise, i think I am doomed to a life of working and striving for no reason, for decades and decades, until I am too old to work and i become useless. I can keep plucking away at some of my 'goals' for the rest of my life and maybe make some casual acquaintances, friendly neighbors etc., but am I so crazy to think this isn't good enough? What is the point of becoming really smart and strong and talented and wealthy and amazing if there is no one else around and it's just you in a room alone?

I don't want that to happen to me so I have started planning my exit. I don't feel happy about this but it seems like the only way to have dignity in the rest of my life. I don't want to be around for those decades alone. It will be torture. I am going to give myself another 5-6 years and make sure I have my ducks in a row so I can exit early if it seems like nothing is going to happen.

The worst part is I can't tell anyone about this because I will be insulted and have them tell me i'm being a selfish cunt or that I'm just being "dark" for even thinking about giving up my perfect life. Nobody understands, i am completely alone in this world, and it looks like I always will be.

Thank you for letting me get that off my chest.