Broken mindedI can't think straight right now. My mind is off going about things that I shouldn't even be bothered by. Right now though, I just can't stop imagining how it would feel to have a bullet going through my head. Would it hurt? For the longest time, I've been searching for a way for a painless death. I've never actually attempted, but I've thought about it over and over. I planned it. Pretty simple really. Just buy a gun, find some place quiet, and stare at it for a good long while. Until I make my decision. 

I'm tired of my life. I'm tired of people using me, and then just discarding me like a used rag. I've felt this hole in my chest growing bigger and bigger. I don't want to deal with the shit that's going on right now. Why does it have to be so hard. Why did I have to be born into this shitty situation. I've been silent my whole life. I've never really talked with anyone. I've never given someone my whole story. Just out of fear of being thrown into a nest of other broken minded people. 

I come from a broken family. Until I was four, I thought life was alright. What I didn't know/don't really remember was my dad being a drunk and fighting my mom. She ran away with my older sister, my younger brother, and me when I was 4 years old. My mother is Alaskan Native, so she took us to Alaska. With the help of family paying for the tickets, we stayed in a shelter for about a year. Then she sent me off to live with my grandparents for a year. They were old elders of an isolated village out on the Yukon river, and they were strict. They made me hate the place so much, I wouldn't shed a tear if I hear the village had burned down tomorrow. After I had finished the 2nd grade, I moved back with my mom. She lived in a more modernized town with about 5k people. Then started elementary school. While I stayed there, I had to deal with years of physical abuse from my older sister. She had a different dad then I did,and  used to say my dad never liked her. So she'd take it out on me. She's slap, scratch, punch, and at one point threatened to beat me with a frying pan if I didn't eat my entire apple core. My mom would always go out in the evenings to play bingo. I guess it was just her way of coping with everything. I remember there being times when I'd be against my door holding it shut while she banged on it trying to get in. She'd only stop when my mom came back from bingo. It didn't help that at the same time, I would be bullied at school, and chased home everyday. 

When high school came around, it all stopped. I was one of the biggest guys in my class, so nobody picked on me. Most of the time anyway. Unfortunately, it also kept people away from me. Nobody would talk to me, except for those special few. Eventually, I grew out of my shell and started talking to people. Joined a youth group at a local church, found god, and then stopped going end of my sophomore year. I couldn't stand how fucking immature some of them were. Then I starting to hate them. Then ended up dropping out my Junior year, and enrolling in a military styled academy. 6 months later I graduated with a GED, barely. 

I had my first relationship with a girl I met at the academy. It was a stupid deicsion. While she was at the academy, she found out her boy friend cheated on her, and about a month after we graduated we started a long distance relationship. She decided to go to college, and since I was already planning to go to college. I enrolled in the one she was going too. Then, just after I bought my ticket, signed all the forms, a month before I was suppose to leave, she dumped me. With everything already set, I still left for college. A month in the first semester, she calls me, says she's sorry and still wants to be a friends. We lasted a month before I said fuck you and good bye. So, barely being able to keep my grades up, and thrown out like a rag. I attempted to kill my self by consuming 40 grams of caffeine. I took two tray fulls of those "alert" caffeine tablets. I ended up bring my self into an ER the next morning. 6 hours later I was back in my dorm room. My roommates didn't even know I was gone. The rest of the semester went pretty smoothly. I started seeing a shrink, got on some anti-depressants, and thought things weren't too bad. The semester ended, and I stayed for summer classes.

Until around the end of July, when my Psychologist thought it'd be a good idea to take me off a max dosage to try a new medication, depression hit me again. Within a week of the new meds, I made a suicidal post on facebook, someone reported it to the police, and I ended up in a psych ward for a week. After being discharged from the psych ward, I was ban from all college campuses in Alaska for 2 years. With nothing left, I went back home. 

After about six months of job searching I managed to find a job at the local hospital. I worked in a ER as a Tech for a good six months. Found my own place, started paying my own bills, it wasn't too bad. The hours proved to be too stressful for me though. One week I didn't call in for three days. So they terminated me for job abandonment. The next few months just blended all in together. Applying to places that wouldn't take me.

Around November 2014, my half-brother who lived in Arizona, offered a room for me to stay in while I try to find a job there. In December I bought a ticket and moved down here. It's been about 5 months now. No job offers, out of all the applications I've filled out, and finally managed to get Unemployment Insurance from my jobs in Alaska. Even with getting $600 every two weeks, life is still shit. He just found out his wife is 5 weeks pregnant last week. This was just after I got registered for a 6 month medical assistant program, and had my first class. With taht new knowledge, I can't go to school anymore. Because for the off chance that they might need the car when I'm in class. 

As of now, they've been arguing about god knows what for the past 6 hours. I hearing banging on the walls, him storming outside, door slaming, and her crying. I've dealt with enough of this shit back home. I'm not going to listen to it again. I'm on my last straw here. I have just enough money to buy a gun, I think I might go shopping tomorrow.