Where To Start...I don't even know if this is the correct sub to be posting on, but it's late into the night, my parents are yelling, and this community is what I found first. To start things off, I'm not the one in question of choosing life or death, it's my 13 year old brother, and we will refer to him as Quinn. I don't know where things went wrong for him, he's had such a privileged life, excelled in sports, garnered plenty of friends over the years, and has had far more toys, gadgets, and those damn fidget spinners than I ever did during my maturing years. Recently, he's left his private school bubble and returned to our local junior high to round out his 7th grade year. That's obviously brought on some hardships in losing some connections to his companions back at his previous school, which 100% led to his actions tonight.

I don't know where you're from but in the state of Texas, 13 year olds can't legally drive. Tonight, while my parents were away on a birthday/mothers day dinner, I was in charge of watching Quinn and our 16 year old sister. She was occupied with piles of homework and I knew that would take up her time for the evening. Meanwhile, I invited Quinn to play some Minecraft or maybe even watch him play Overwatch on PS4, all things I know make him happy and provide an escape for him and his irregular suicidal thoughts (the week before he had his bedsheets tied in a noose hanging from his fan). Instead, he said no thanks and told me he was going to watch YouTube in his room.

Hours went by, it was now near midnight and I knew my parents dinner date would be wrapping up soon and is if on queue I heard the garage door opening, except this time, there was a loud bang that shook the house. I opened the door to see my mom's brand new $50,000 Audi convertible wrecked into the side of the garage, with a look of shock on Quinn's face in the driver's seat. He had taken the car downtown to hang out with friends, per his word. 

Now, you're caught up. I as a role model of a brother, sometimes a failure at that, feel like I've missed the mark. I don't know how to communicate with him. What words of encouragement do I give him? I'm a sarcastic asshole, I'm a redditor, it's in my nature. My personality has no way of comprehending taking my own life. It's never been a concept in my head, and now I have a brother who continues to spiral down that very path. What can I do?