I need help and dont know where to find it...I am a young guy.... 24. I have always had problems connecting with people. Usually through drugs and alcohol. Except for my few friends who I played guitar with... Thats gone now. I dont have many friends. I have been homeless, and I currently live in an Oxford House (democratically run sober living environment) with 9 roommates. I have seen a complete turn over in the house where I was the only one who was sober and I had to call housing services. Now we have people leaving left and right, and people using drugs in the house but not admitting to it. Its a shitty situation. I have a car that was GIVEN to me but I have no tags and I dont know the first thing about getting it insured and all that crap, so I can't move YET. I have an awesome job at one of the most well known restaurants in my city, but I still feel so hopeless in this situation.   


I love music and have everything necessary to record low end demos for fun, but I can't find the motivation to get up and do it. Im heavily addicted to porn, and am an active member on the NoFap subreddit. But when I deprive myself of sexual stimulus it really makes my condition flair.... Once I get BAD I use porn and then I get WORSE. Today I laid in bed all day for about 12 hours straight, I watched porn for maybe 4 or 5 hours straight and then immediately started watching videos and reading about mental illness, because Im so depressed and fucked up that I am obviously ill but I dont know how to diagnose myself... Which "self-diagnosis" probably isn't a good idea anyways. I try the NoFap way in order to enhance my motivation to go to the gym and make friends and record music but in the end I just end up feeling worse about my condition because I will go a few days without it and then watch so much that I can't effectively look people in the eyes afterwards...   


And honestly I dont feel like I can be around people some days anyways. Ive always been like this, anti social. Me and my dad fought a lot so in our household their was a habit of just not really appreciating each others company, and if we had much to do with each other it was a fight over some dumb shit when my dad was drunk. I in turn drank a lot and did drugs which is why I am in this sober living house. I have to stay sober for my daughter. But some days I just want to go get so drunk that I die. I dont know what Im trying to say here really. I just dont have any hope. Im in AA and Ive tried to be "religious" and Ive tried to be "spiritual" and Ive tried to just pray. Ive tried to reach out, but I dont know what Im missing. Ill be semi social for a while but then once I'm "ok" Ill just go back to what I was already doing and get back to wanting to die.. I feel like a burden. I feel like everyone else is too messed up themselves to fucking even want to help.   


I hope this makes sense, I just dont know what to do. Today it sunk in that suicide really is an option for me, and I laid in bed and cried, and my face is still wet right now. I have been having these strange emotions for the past couple of months where I will just spontaneously cry. I cried at work the other day because I felt like I was an outcast at work. I can see when I look that I am a social degenerate, I dont know how to just be a friend to people, I dont know how to connect with people. Im basically an idiot and I often wonder how people have anything to talk about at all, because I often feel like my mind is empty and useless. I often feel like I AM empty and useless. And the things that I occupy my thoughts with are meaningless. I have these overwhelming sense of inadequacy and chaos. I dont ever feel like I am worth working on. Ill start to really make a difference in my life and then BAM it all goes to shit, and I lose the ability to cope with life.   


To end this all I have to say is that I picked up an extra shift at work tomorrow and I dont know how Im going to go in there and make it through the day, and I feel like I'm going to do something drastic like drink and lose my job and house entirely. 