The only reason I haven't killed myself yet is because I don't want to hurt anyone else, but I'll probably hurt them even more by continuing to suffer in their presence.Prepare for a long post about how I've ended up where I am now. 

I'm 24 and have been dealing with depression and anxiety for the past 10 years. It has robbed me of my entire teenage and early adult life and shows no signs of slowing down.

I struggled all the way through school, never having the ambition to do anything with my life and it's started to catch up to me now. I have no career, no interests, no drivers license, and can't even find the strength to get out of bed in the morning. - The closest I've gone to leaving my (parent's who I freeload off) house in the past month is to buy junk food to binge eat in an attempt to make me happy, and I only do that at night to avoid having to be seen by people.

I've only ever had 1 job in my life - at a fast food store. I started working there part time during my last year of high school and immediately went full time when school finished since I had no other plans. I continued that for about a year until my mental health got bad enough that I asked to have my hours cut (40 down to 30) and got scolded by my parents when they eventually found out. I kept working struggling through each day, I could barely sleep at night and was constantly (at least twice a week) late for work, sometimes up to 2 hours. In retrospect I have no idea why I never got fired, I think they gave me a few warnings but I never really got in much trouble, probably only because I was one of their best workers since my life was so empty I devoted all my time and energy to work.

Eventually on my 21st birthday I decided I had enough and quit my job. I had no plans to do anything, I wanted to try and take some time to work on my mental health but never told anyone this, in their eyes I probably looked like a lazy piece of shit. My parents yelled at me for quitting so on a whim to stop the yelling I told them I planned to study. I spent $10k doing a 2 year building design course which I did for 2.5 years due to failing units and I ended up not even completing the last few units and never graduated. Part way through the course I ran out of money and went back to work part time at the same fast food place. Around the time I was starting to see the writing on the wall about not graduating one of the managers at work was leaving so I took the opportunity to take the management job. I suddenly had 5x as much work to do and was only getting a 10% pay increase from my old kitchen hand position. I hated every moment of it. I hated dealing with customers, I hated the 12 hour shifts and I hated dealing with all the teenage employees who constantly abused my lack of actual leadership and management skills so they could mess around, which I always got the blame for when my boss wanted to know why things weren't done properly and why people were messing around. 

I quit that job in October last year. I gave 4 weeks notice when only 2 were required so they could properly find and train a replacement. I was asked to stay another 2 weeks on top of that since my boss had to attend a company conference overseas. In the end I didn't get a thanks for the extra help or anything and they ended up hiring someone last minute before I finished up, making my original good deed for nothing. 

This brings us to now. I started a programming course this year and got 4 weeks in before I had too many mental breakdowns and stopped attending classes, I just tell my mum that I'm doing the work online to keep her off my back. Im now dirt poor - my bank account is empty because I'm a moron who spent all her money on frivolous things in attempt to find happiness. I'd order ubereats almost every day, spending about $200 a week just on lunch/dinner. I have about $12k worth of guitars and related  gear which I barely use because I've always been too depressed to properly sit down and learn it, but I kept buying because I like shiny new things. I spent $3k on a new PC because I felt like it, even though my current one at the time was completely fine for what I used it for. There's probably a heap of other crap I wasted my money on that I can't even think of right now because I bought it and then forgot about it. 

At this point I'm a literal waste of oxygen. I'll never amount to anything. I feel like I'd be better off just ending it. Sure my family and a few friends will be upset but they'll get over it eventually. I feel like it'd be worse for them if I were to keep on living, dragging myself through each and every day just to get nowhere having them watch as it happens.