I dont need help?So this is probably my fourth or fifth relapse into feeling like absolute shit, I thought I had a handle on it, but the frustration of searching for a job has brought back a ton of negative feelings.  22, male, no girlfriend, worked 2 hours a day as a crossing guard. Only friends I have are ones I managed to scrape up (like 8) in school elementary and high school. How they even consider me a friend I dont know, I'm pretty sure they feel the wall I have there, I just can't put myself out there.  I have a feeling they know my responses are all just superficial.  There's no heart in our talks.

Anyways moving on, this job search is impossible.  300 resumes out there, Ive had 4 interviews, and nothing, I cant do this anymore, the anxiety and nerves I go through for an interview, only to get shot down.  I even think I put on a pretty convincing front of being cheery and serious.  All for nothing.  I think the worst of it is, when I feel the absolute worst, some stupid ray of hope comes out, only to be crushed inches from my face.  I live with my parents with a job that pays 6k a year, after going through 3 years of school for a college diploma. I dont even get call backs from fucking McDonald's.

Honestly, I dont even really care about my family, I'm probably just a burden to them, and the feeling is mutual, they keep trying to give me advise on getting a job, like I'm not trying or something, at which point I just tune them out.

I have very little in the way of emotional connections, I've gone on 1 date in all 22 years of my life haha. Yeah, I'm not a very out there person, I'm particularly introverted.  I dont go out much, maybe once a month with friends, I'm a little needy, but I dont want to bother them with that.

I have no confidence in my appearance, short 5'6, for Christ's sakes many of the kids I stop traffic for, are taller than I am. Yeah not that good looking, and Im not good with people in general.

Oh did I mention, I'm a recently diagnosed diabetic haha, so not even the military is an option for work.

Im in debt, without even knowing if I'll have a job back from the city come September, not like it will be enough. Anyways, im feeling a lot of frustration, anxiety, and fear... the uncertain future is literally killing me.

Now this was more a rant than anything else, felt I needed to share my insecurities and all that... not sure if it helped.