(no need to read) a big rant about my life with the shitty english skill i haveheh, so i guess im still here. quite pathetic, if you think about it. talking to people i was taught my whole life to be affraid of. but this is the only thing that keeps me breathing. my best friend, whom i knew since grade 1, and became best friends in grade 3, is now suicidal and anorexic. i have another friend, we've become close 2 years ago, she's also cutting herself, and it's all my fault. I told them about my mental state in hopes to find a solution, and i ruined their lives. i really dont know what to do. its all my fucking fault and it hurts so much. i feel like i need to fix this, but im just not sure how. i guess i have to stick around until then. they probably won't survive it if i go now, and i cant stand that thought.   
Sometimes i feel like they're the only ones who would actually miss me. I wonder if anyone else would show up at my funeral. and if someone does...would they cry? This is why I'm still sstruggling with my note. I wrote my first one at 9 years old. I want to leave a message, because i feel like this is the only way i can impact someone's life in a positive way. i want to say something that stick by my best friends side. maybe they'll tell it to their children. and even if they dont, i just want to say something to them that they can remember me by. im scared of being forgotten. but im also scared of my death pusing someone into the place i am at.   
This one time i was in the bathroom, cutting. i was really angry at myself, and was having a complete breakdown. im not the agressive type, i never hit anyone in my life. but this time was different. i was hitting the walls and the side of the bathtub. i grabbed my blade and started cutting. and then suddenly- i cut too deep. really deep. and im still so mad at myself because my first thought was: Shit, i regret this. not the bleeding out part, but the unfinished note part. i was bleeding a lot, so i messaged my best friend, and just basically said goodbye and apologised.  
Im really lost. im still a child. i cant get a therapist, i dont have a job that pays enough for one. my parents said that im being depressed as a trend, even after i told them i wanted to die. they said that if i get daily panic attacks then maybe i shouldn't put myself in social situations. i rarely exit my room, but they still come in just to tell me they hate me and wish they had aborted me. i have a glass door and when i said that i was uncomfrortable changing (i have a small room, so you can see the whole room looking through the door), i got shouted at and was called a spoiled brat. they said since i barely come out, they wanna see what's up with me. but i know they dont care. they walk in on my cutting myself and still shout at me to clean my room. I cant sleep, i feel like they're always watching me through the door. showering makes me uncomfortable. eating makes me uncomfortable. buying clothes and changing in the changing rooms make me uncomfortable. sitting on and getting on or off the bus make me uncomfortable. i feel like im constantly walking on eggshells, and breaking every single one i step on. i just really wanna go, but i have to fix what i fucked up first.  


  
Tl;Dr: i dont even care, its really not interesting, youre not missing out on anything lmao