I don't really know if I'm faking itHi.

Trigger warning, please don't read if you're depressed. 

So I'm diagnosed with BP2 two years ago. 
I have had the highs and lows my whole life.
Thoughts about killing myself has been following me for my whole life. 

Ever since I started taking medicine though, I feel like the meds acts as a reminder that I have a chronic condition. 
That I won't ever be normal. 

The past year, honestly, I've started being more interested in the subject. 
I've started looking up methods, success rates, etc. 
I found that a lean in suspension hanging with a padded rope would be a good way to go, I figured doing it in the woods near the house in the winter would be best. I figured not decomposing until one is found is best and least traumatizing for the search party. I recon it's best to be found. It can make me sad if I start thinking about it. 

I feel angry all the time, if someone says something that upsets me, I feel the rage inside. "if you only knew that I'm SO close".  I've grotten anxious that I act in a weird way due to all this so I try to avoid social settings if I can. I don't know.. I'm depressed a lot, it's not really fun hanging out. I can drink at home, and there I can also take sleeping meds and go to bed whenever I want. It feels great to just being able to turn my feelings off for a while! :-) 

I don't know if I am really faking it and that an attempt really is just a cry for help. That the feelings I have is just a defence mechanism. 

It feels like I am normalizing suicide by thinking about it though, you know? 

People say it's a selfish act, trying to guilt people for having these emotions. It makes me more angry, but if you're not here anyways, what does it matter what people think, right? 

I go to therapy, I've told my therapist a little about having suicidal thoughts, but I've just barely touched on the subject, because I feel like he'll take it way more serious than I feel like this is. 

What do you think about this fake depression? 
I feel like I want to live, but not. 
I'm afraid that if something triggers me too much I'll go through with it, but I don't know if I would actually. How stupid is that? 

It feels good to wrote this to someone neutral, I guess I want to be told that I matter (haha pathetic). And if someone has ideas for coping mechanisms, I want to hear you out. 

Thanks for reading, I feel a little better for now.