just lost my wife and son. no friends or family... i think this is it.EDIT: Thank you all.  I'm going to admit myself into a 28 day treatment center on Tuesday. I really can't say thanks enough.

As the title states, I'm a 30 year old male.  I've gone through periods of drug/alcohol abuse for the past 15 years.  I'll sober up and get back on track, but I always fuck up.  Because of this behavior, I have kept no friends or family for the past 10 years or so.

This time it's bad. Last year my wife and I moved into her Grandfather's house to help out.  He has a lazy, good for nothing son that mooched off him and we really needed a change, so we decided to move.  I got into using the synthetic marijuana found in head shops and started abusing alcohol and anxiety medication(clonazepam).  This lasted for about a month and was called out by my mother-in-law and straightened myself out.  Good thing, since my wife found out she was pregnant almost a week later.  

Things went pretty well for the rest of the year. I'd drink a little too much some times, but overall was ok.  I developed a strong bond with her grandfather, and essentially was the maid, cook, chauffeur, handy man, you name it.

We had a healthy baby boy in April and Immediately fell in love.  I knew I had to be the best dad I could be.  I never really knew mine and he died when I was 13.  Raised by an abusive step-father... I knew I had to rock this shit.

We were still living with her Grandfather, at this point, and things worked really well.  She had the summer off(teacher).  So, I continued to be the caretaker for her grandfather and such.  When it was time for her to go back to work, we knew it would be hard, but since I worked from home, we figured we could make it work... and we desperately needed the insurance.

Things got to be to much.  I couldn't get any work done and was constantly taking her grandpa to the doctor, etc. I started using at night.  Alcohol at first, then i messed around with whip-its and then started smoking pot and taking xanax(alprazolam).  Her mother-in-law came down to help out, but i kept using.  Oh, did I mention that I lied my ass off about it?  I lie A LOT.  I don't know why...

well, I got caught.  Needless to say, she was furious.  Then my Grandfather went to the bank with my father-in-law... turns out we had spent around $30k over the past 6 months to pay for the family. My wife was out of work during the summer, like i said, and I was trying to get a startup off the ground.  We agreed at the beginning of the summer that I would repay him for our share when I started getting clients.

Well, the in-laws flipped.  The wife kicked me out, due to the drugs and the family basically thinks I abused his bank account.  I walked away from the house and wound up having a panic attack so severe that i was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.  i wound up being committed (baker act) and was released within 24 hours.  I was told to get into a month long treatment plan. 

I truly love all of them and know that I fucked up.  I never spent any of his money on drugs, and frankly, the ones i always seem to be drawn to are pretty cheap.

So here I am.  My wife says the next time I hear from her, it'll be from her divorce lawyer and she won't let me see my son.  I'm completely alone and I don't have it in me to start over. I've been contemplating jumping off a tall building.  I don't want anyone else to get hurt.

I don't want my son to grow up without me, but I just don't have it in me to start over.  I've hit rock-bottom so many times, it's not even funny.

I've thought about suicide in the past, but my life was so worthless that I didn't even think it was worth it.

Now I've lost my wonderful wife, perfect son, and in-laws that were starting to become more than just in-laws.

I have no money, no clothes, nothing.  Contemplating on when and where... 


(I know this is horribly written.  I haven't slept in a day or so and can't eat... forgive the grammatical errors.)