I dont know what to title thisI already filed a complaint with the state:

I moved and the new team im trying to establish for mental healthcare here kicked me out, saying they didnt have time to look at my mental health record and pushed medications that resulted in previous suicide hospitalizations. They also told me medicine is a placebo, and that i looked fine.  I have severe DID and CPTSD i begged them to please talk to the team from my previous state but they kept saying they didnt want to waste their time.  When i refused the meds that resulted in hospitalization, they said i didnt believe enough and that i was unwilling to try.  The supervisor asked me if i wanted a list of psychiatrists, and when i said yes, said they didnt have one like that.  

Im afraid of falling deeper into a dangerous psychosis wihout my meds, but 3 months trying to be safe and healthy by seeking help is useless.  I tried calling around but no one who takes my insurance has openings.

I dont know why im trying anymore. I dont have family or friends, and hospitalization means i lose my animal, the only support system i have.  I cant lose a being who loves me, not right now.  With my DID, hospitalization and losing my pet means the moment i leave, i would be where i was before entering.  Hopeless and wondering why im even trying.  Its so useless.

The prescriber told me i just didnt believe enough.  I lodged a complaint in the hopes of saving someone else, but im just too exhausted to do anything for nyself anymore.  I havent slept in 2 weeks, and am just sitting here alone in my parked car getting drunk hoping to sleep.  I have a decision to make. Im almost at the age i always knew i would die before, and it seems my prophecy is coming true.  Any choice i make, hospitalization or not, is equally as terrible.  There are no options.  Without my medications, ill slip further into this psychosis, and there is no way out but to move on and see what the next stage after this is. Ill give it a try like they wanted. I have everything i need. 

I apologize if this is rambling. I havent slept in 2 weeks and am quite drunk trying to just sleep.  Otc and antihistimines isnt working.  I just cant sleep and am just looping endlessly in my head, all roads leading to a rest i can truly invest in with the hope the next stage, if it exists, is one worth living.  Idk where this night of drunkeness will take me.  I have all the means, now i have to stop saying one more day.  There are no more days, just one long night before the dawn.

Thank you for caring enough to read, and im sorry this isnt something i can avoid.  Please take mental healthcare seriously. 
 if you have people who love you, please please appreciate them and let them know.  A text once stupidly saved me from doing it, but it may not be stupid to the next one who needs that text. Dont be afraid to love and show love. Sometimes its all one needs.  

Have a blessed life.