Feeling worse than ever...Sorry this is so long. Following up from [this post.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/rixm7/already_killed_a_part_of_myself_today_ready_to/)


And now I really want to die.


A few days after that post, I sent my ex a quick, polite email letting him know about my condition.  All he responded was "Let's meet next Monday. Bring any and all the papers they give you. I want to take a look at them." He didn't even give a shit about how I was feeling, it seemed like he just wanted to confirm it out of curiosity. Or maybe he didn't trust me, I don't know. I just know that it stung, a lot.


When we met, as calmly as I could (but still holding back tears the entire time) I told my ex about everything I went through at the hospital. In the end, he just said that since I already had it taken care of, there wasn't anything he needed to do, especially because he's my ex and "isn't supposed to be in my life anymore." Except I'm still going in for blood tests and dealing with the emotional trauma. He also said that I can't be fearful of dying since we have access to hospitals; it would be like being deadly afraid of a cold...according to him. And he left while I just sat there and cried, and I couldn't even fully let myself cry since we met up in public.


I don't even know what to say. I feel worthless for not even being worth his time, stupid for being afraid of dying, wronged, ashamed...I don't even think I can articulate how I feel. I'm just angry at myself for being confused, confused that I'm angry, and miserable the entire time. It's a pointless merry-go-round of analogies I could use to describe how I would describe how I feel. I feel invalidated and like a piece of shit and frustrated because I can never fully and eloquently express how much I'm hurting. No matter how much I write in my journal, how many times I try and let my close friends (I can't go to my family about this, that's another messed up story) know how I feel, It feels like an immeasurable weight of emotions I can't relieve myself of. And I'm nothing to my ex even though we grew up together. He's seem me a couple times around campus but just ignores me, doesn't even bother making eye contact. And I know logic concludes that he's not worth my time, but I still have feelings for him...and I hate myself for it. What do you do when someone creates a hole in you that only he can fill, but refuses to even acknowledge your existence? His part in my condition is very concrete and specific, I can't just replace him with someone else to be here for me and believe everything is going to be okay. Sure, others can be comforting and supportive, but it hurts so much more without the other half, and it's just not the same.


And I think what I hate myself the most for is that I cheated death. Maybe I was just meant to die with the child. I was considering not returning to the hospital for follow-up treatment, but dying from ectopic pregnancy is supposed to be agonizingly slow and painful. I still feel guilty for getting the shot. I can hear the you guys screaming "It wasn't viable!" But you don't need to tell me, I know. Yet I still feel this way and I've tried to fight it off with logic but it won't work. I'm a horrible person. Why should I still be living for killing something else, albeit a part of me? None of this makes any sense, I've always been pro-choice and it wasn't even a wanted pregnancy, yet I feel like I've lost--no, murdered something potentially wonderful. Ugh, I can just hear myself and I sound so incredibly stupid.


I've tried to be strong for the past month, I really have. Done my best to force myself to live and act like everything is normal again. I've consistently been going to counseling at least once a week. I tried to just be strong and go out there and do what I've been preparing for my whole life: to start my career, since I'm graduating in June. But I can't. I don't even have the energy to make myself think positively anymore and to live my life. I just really can't. 


It's empty in my apartment tonight, I think it's a good chance to finally just end it. I'm not sure if I'll do anything, but I've been pondering it for a while now. At the very least, I've got my car keys next to me and I might go out for a really long night drive, and who knows where I'll go. Who cares? I know there were a lot of people who reached out to me last time I posted, and I am grateful that you guys stayed to listen to my useless ramblings. And I know it might be selfish of me to do this because it'll hurt the people close to me. But that's just what I am anyway: a selfish whore. I'm sorry guys, I can't grace you with a happy follow-up story. I'm not strong enough, I'm simply not a good person. The world is better without me spreading my sorrows and burdening everyone else. 