Hello. I am lostI’ve failed my finals, I’m getting dropped out this semester.


I was always a good student, my grades were always somewhere around 4 (the American equivalent is B). Sure, not the best, but everything came very natural to me. I never had any problems with any subjects.


I switched my school to a harder one and at the beginning I was the best student there. As my freshman year continued, I started to go down on grades. The program is too hard for me to understand, and I’ve started failing some of the subjects. Failing them made me discouraged to even try to get the situation improved, so they went down even more.


Then I fell sick for two weeks by the end of semester. All of the finals were delayed for me, but I wasn’t prepared for them anyway. I’ve tried to prepare very hard, but that only lead to burning myself out to the point where I lost my mind. My last week was spent in complete apathy, I would get 2 hours of sleep a night at best. Everyday when I got home I had a very big urge to cut myself, but I figured it’s not worth it and I have a chance.


I resorted to cheating on tests, and that actually helped me at first, some even didn’t need a help from the little notes I’ve made to write off of. But the last two most essential tests were failed badly, on one of them the teacher caught me cheating and left me with a 1 (American F) without any chance of improving the grade.


Now I step closer and closer to self-harm, the idea of scarring myself scares me no more, and the fact that it doesn’t concerns me.


I’ve failed my parents, I was the only kid that could lift my family up from poverty since my siblings couldn’t manage to do so. Now I feel worthless, My finals decide my chances of enrolling to a university on a free basis, if I don’t get good grades - my family won’t be able to pay for tuition, and getting a loan will only worsen their debt.


I am a burden, I don’t see any logical continuation of my life. The only reasonable outcome is ending all this. I don’t want to kill myself, I want to live! But I either end up seeing my household collapse entirely and live pay check to pay check working in a sweatshop of some kind or try to improve the situation for my family by discontinuing my life and reducing their expenses on my college, stuff I need, and other bullshit.


Please, reach out to me. There has to be a way out