Scared. Waiting to DieHi. I'm a 23 year old male, graduating next week with from engineering. I know what you're thinking, my life is just beginning. I want to believe that, but the pain and sadness is overwhelming. To add to that, I may have a chronic illness that runs in my family (currently getting tested) and am unemployed after grad.

Reddit I had the girl of my dreams. A perfect 10, with brains to boot. We've been together 2.5 yrs, says she wants to marry me, etc. We now live together but have been having a rough go the last while, largely because of trust. 

Last year a guy at her work started trying to get with her. Then things started getting suspicious (emptied phone, late nights). We broke up twice because of her lies, each time getting back, with her promising up and down and bawling that she had changed, it seemed so genuine. I accused her of having sex with him, but never really thought that, hopelessly naive i know.

For over a year she has denied anything until last week she conceded that they had kissed, once. Then a few days later she concedes it was more than once, last night she says she had went home with him from the bar, both drunk, fooled around but left before anything serious happened. Probably still bullshit, and how do i know where this ends?

All the while I knew she was lying, she would get mad at me and call me crazy for accusing her. Last night she said I needed to 'get over it' and that she had finally told me the truth. My friend says the guy told him they had sex. It all really doesn't matter anymore. We can never get back and have a trusting relationship, not because of the cheating really, but the constant lying.

I was way over-achieving with this girl, to the point where people would comment. I'm not terribly attractive. Eventually what I'd be looking for in another girl is a clone of her (minus the lying). That just won't happen.

I've had suicidal thoughts before but never close to this. I have to stick around for the next 10 days or so as grad is on the 19th and I can't ruin everyone's time. I wish I could drive down the street and jump off the bridge right now. I feel absolutely terrible for what this will do to my friends/family but I really don't feel like living anymore. 

My life will never be the same. I've lost a social life, always hanging out with her. When I move out I will have nothing to my name. I don't have a job after graduation and may have a hereditary chronic illness.

Wah wah, woe is me. I'm not usually one to whine but I just feel like my will to go on has been destroyed. Nothing can fix anything, it is what it is.

I'm scared. I'm dangerous to myself. When I think of standing on the edge of the rail, I'm terrified. What if i don't die on impact? eugggggghhhh I'm just counting down the days. Just had to get this out to someone.