16 year old in highschool and I want to dieHello I’m 15 year old boy turning 16 next month. I suffer from severe anxiety that makes me feel like I’m having a heart attack. I have no friends or family to support me and i have to go back to school next week where I get bullied every day physically and verbally because I’m super skinny, I weigh in around 90 pounds and I’m a 5’7 male. At school I get punched, threatened, and pushed around. People call me skinny twig because of my brown skin and my skinny arms and girls at school laugh at me like I’m a clown in a circus show and talk behind my back. I would work out but I barley have any energy to wake up everyday. I can’t do anything right I’m very stupid in every subject at school, I find it almost impossible to study because my mind races so fast and I can’t sit still. I also get bullied for my stupidity by my family and classmates starting from a young age, I didn’t know my abcs till grade 3 and my 3rd grade teacher made me go to to this health place to check if I had autism or Down syndrome which I didn’t. I took all normal classes but I have managed to barley pass through all of them by cheating and I’m now heading into grade 11. I also don’t play any sports and I’m shit at all of them, and I don’t have any hobbies or enjoy anything in life. My father is an alcoholic that cheats on my mom(btw she doesn’t know only I do and I haven’t said anything) and sometimes i take vodka from my dads cabinet and take multiple shots to make my anxiety go away but it doesn’t. I also have a job at a fast food chain where I even get picked on by my coworkers and my manger calls me an idiot/retard because I can’t remember how to do simple tasks at my job that I’ve been working at for months and I do things Like miscount change on the register because of my stupidity and my anxiety being under pressure. My severe social anxiety gets really bad at work sometimes so I go to the work bathroom and cry when I feel like I’m dying on the inside or if feels like I’m having a heart attack. I’ve been threatened to be fired many times but I surprisingly haven’t. Every day I want to end my life because there is no point In living and I have no future. I’m also a loser addicted to porn, I jack off three times a day because it gives me dopamine for a couple seconds so I feel better. I will end it very soon I know I’m young but I don’t care I don’t want to live anymore. I heard Xanax stops depression and anxiety if I kill myself I know a drug dealer at my school that might sell Xanax bars I might od on those or I will shoot myself with my one of my dads three guns a sks, glock, or pump shotgun and go out quick.