I think about suicide daily. I daydream about it. It comforts me.I don't think I can actually do it. For one, I'm afraid of becoming nothing. I know I shouldn't fear it, because I spent billions of years being nothing before I was born, but it's still instinctually frightening. Also, I have this cat who is my baby (I raised her since the day she was born and I love her more than any human on this earth, including my parents, siblings, and any man I ever loved) and I want to dote on her for the rest of her life. 

On the other hand, the idea of dropping out of life is immensely appealing. I don't want to work, or worry about college. I don't want to eat or clean. I know that no one in my family wants me. My mom has emotionally divorced me. She makes it a habit to use me as free daycare, cleaning service, house cook, and scapegoat for all of her problems. She makes promises to me that she doesn't intend to keep, and when I try to bring it up, she says things like "Well, I was going to do that, but now that you've bothered me about it, I won't," and then she threatens to kick me out of the house (I have nowhere to go and my job cannot pay for a house and food in this area, so this would turn me into a homeless beggar.) My dad will probably never speak to me again since I moved out under very dramatic circumstances. He holds grudges. (I haven't seen my grandmother or aunts in ten years because of him.) 

I tried to get help for my depression, but I got off track. Now I can't go back to counseling or medication because my mom doesn't believe in mental health issues. I think if I told her about my suicidal thoughts she would either not believe me at all, or tell me that I'm immature and I should get over myself. 

I'm stressed all the time. From the moment I wake up I'm scolding my little sisters so they'll stay out of my stuff while my mom isn't watching them. My mom will be too busy yelling at everyone about my brothers' dog, because it can't make it through the night without pissing somewhere in the house. My mom will certainly wake me up early to tell me some sort of not-my-responsibility task that I must do. (The girls trashed the house and there is a showing today, so I have to clean everything up by the time I go to work, or maybe she doesn't have any more towels and she needs me to do all her laundry, or the boys didn't take out the trash and she needs to throw things away *right now,* or one of the girls is sick and I have to watch her for free.) In exchange for being the family's butt monkey, I get to sleep on a cot in a corner of the living room next to a huge window that lets all the heat out, and my brothers can steal my space heater at night to put in the bathroom so that they don't have to shit on a cold seat. Every moment I spend when my mom is not home is spent silently panicking about anything wrong she might be able to blame on me. She won't let me have my car that I paid her for because she said my job wasn't giving me shifts soon enough.

I have been having sudden violent outbursts where I'm unexpectedly overcome by rage that I can't let go of or control. I want to hurt the person who triggered it. When I get angry I want to shut down because I am afraid of losing control, but at the same time I can't leave because I'm under so much pressure to make sure everything in the house is perfect. Also, I can never leave a situation when I'm angry because my space is just a bed in the living room and I have no car. 

I daydream about suicide multiple times daily. My favorites are hanging myself in a closet and shooting myself in the back of the head or through the roof of my mouth. I feel longing when I think about it. Suicide seems like the simplest answer to my problems. I know what would happen to my family if I committed suicide. My mom would be angry that she has to clean up my mess. My dad would complain about sharing expenses for my funeral. My cat would be shuffled from house to house until my mom decides to give it up for adoption. My brothers would be outwardly upset, but inwardly pleased because they hate me and think everything I do is annoying. Only one of them, the oldest, might actually mourn me or be sentimental about the cat, but he'd still get my car out of the deal. My former stepdad would use my suicide in court as a reason to take my sisters away from my mom. The financial burden of child support would make my mom resent me even more. My family doesn't want or need me. My life isn't special. I'm not going anywhere. People don't love me. Guys don't try to get to know me, and even if there was someone special, I'm not sure I'm capable of ever feeling secure in a relationship. I probably am just not a loveable person. 