I have every reason to be happy, but I'm notI've always been naturally smart, and I know I have a "bright future" but I can't pull myself together lately. The laziness is a symptom of depression I know, but the more I procrastinate the more I feel guilty and it's a feedback loop. My parents... I'm an only child, but I'm starting to care less and less. Financially we're not terribly well off, and the crater of a marriage they have is intact mostly because of me. Because my mom didn't want me to grow up without a dad. But I still think all of the clean water, food, and money I consume throughout my hypothetical full life will be worth more what I could possibly contribute. I should be more motivated than anyone... I have social anxiety too so I can't have a real conversation with anyone, and every time I open up to someone, it never works out. They either take it for granted, make a joke out of it, or leave me. I've been sleeping 3-4 hours every night, and skipping breakfast every other day. My grades are getting worse, and I can't seem to "snap out of it". I can't bring myself to care about things like I used to. Death is an obsession, and I can't stop researching methods, the degree of pain, fatality rate, stories about suicide. It's impossible to look at a tall building without speculating. I think about what I would say to loved ones before doing the deed so much it haunts my dreams. I have thought of so many potential death plans I can't keep count. So many instances where I have been hypnotized by car headlights, I've even gotten into the middle of streets before running off at the last possible second every time. Just run me over. My parents would be so much better off not having to pay for college... I've had to give up on passions, music, sports... for grades. To what end? Even my grades are shit now. And since I don't have siblings if I don't succeed, that's fucking it. But worst of all, is the overarching meaninglessness in everything I do and in what everyone else does. The sun will decay and none of this... will have mattered. A part of me thinks the world would be better off if everyone committed suicide right now. After all, humans have done earth so bad. God isn't real so I'm not going to hell or heaven. I'm just going to decompose and I'm not fucking afraid. When my mother told me she should've aborted me, she could not have been more right. And when I do it, I'm not gonna be a pussy, I'll do it once, and I'll do it right. I look forward to the aftermath, it's what I anticipate the most. Although they will forget in, at most, a month, the entirety of who I was. peace