I HATE MYSELF AND I'M SIMULTANEOUSLY TERRIFIED OF THE PRESENT AND FUTURE. I DON'T THINK I WAS EVER MEANT TO BE ALIVE.I can't stop having panic attacks, and I've experienced chronic, non-stop anxiety and depression my entire life.  I can't stop panicking and crying long enough to even write this message in a cohesive, detailed, or grammatically correct manner to get things off my chest in a clear way.  I just need to die.  I wasn't made for this world and it's clear the world doesn't care if I'm in it.  I've lost everything I had in my life that I was able to attain, while the rest of the milestones that normal people reach have been so far completely unattainable for me.  I'll never find a boyfriend who loves me, I'll never get married, I'll never be able to have kids and be a stable influence in their lives if I were to allow myself to have them, I'll never graduate from a university program that will lead anywhere, I'll never have a respectable career that matches my intellectual potential while having the ability to work around my mental health problems, I'm going to lose my property to the mortgagor who is supposed to be a family friend (this property was supposed to be my house but turned out to be uninhabitable and some dirt bag arsonist burned it down), my credit rating has been shit ever since my dad borrowed $20,000 off me just as I was going to law school and his business still failed, I had an abortion at 28 years old so I could complete my school year but the university sent me a letter two weeks after my abortion to tell me they won't accept anymore of my work, I was raped in 2008 while I was back home for the summer and kicked out of law school because I couldn't focus on my schoolwork, I tried going back to school during that time to complete my undergrad instead but the trial for this sexual assault decimated my self esteem and my narcissistic rapist was acquitted, my rapist's sister (who looks and talks like a carbon copy of him) ran for office in my city and had her minions try and attack my credibility because I was part of a group that opposed her blatant racist policies toward indigenous people, I've lost most of my friends because I've been so anxious and such a trainwreck since all this happened, I've lost my brother, I've lost a family friend who was supposed to be like a second mother to me but she was too anxious to testify at my sexual assault trial to corroborate my story, I've lost 2 of my precious little dogs who were like my children because they were killed in car accidents 4 weeks apart, my relationship with my dad is now distant and we used to be close and now he's turned to a street hooker as his girlfriend, my dad is now suicidal, my mom has always disliked and attacked me because she hates my dad and says I remind her of him, I used to be really close with my brother but he had a workplace electrical injury that gave him some kind of brain injury the doctors don't seem to understand and the fallout of the stress from it caused our relationship to deteriorate while I was in law school, and now all the professors at my 2 former universities probably think I'm a lost cause.  I'm so depressed, anxious and full of self hate that I can't even bring myself to work on the paperwork to sell my property so I can get on government assistance.  I HATE MYSELF AND I TRULY WISH I WAS NEVER BORN.  Evolutionary psychology believes that people commit suicide to improve the overall average fitness of one's genetic group, and my mom and grandma are always putting me down and making sure I know how useless and terrible I am.  It's not like I don't already know that, but they keep on to be sure I'll know.  It's like I'm a contagious disease with no cure.  The mortgagor is going to foreclose, and I have no idea how to get around this to save what little money I do have.  I have no personal human connection with people.  Come to think of it, I don't think I ever have.  I've always been an outsider or a loner, even though I did end up finally making some friends at the age of 19.  It doesn't matter anyway, because I'll never regain any kind of semblance of success in the future, and my mom has been sure to tell me that I have nothing to bring to the table.  She thinks the best I can ever do is to get a government assisted apartment to rot away in, and that will be my life.  