My letterWe dance under moonlight
Enchanting fractals in our eyes
Dreaming of a life more enchanting
When beauty is here,
To be cherished and protected.
Until the waves call upon us.

I’m blind by my heartache from feeling nothing there, I’ve been hurt and loved but stuck in a purgatory of some sort where I can’t truly reach love and my response to hurt has changed so much. Nothing feels right, I don’t know who I am, I don’t know who anyone else is. I just want to go to the bridge by my house and end it, quick and fast. But it won’t be that way likely, but I don’t care. Only for the waste of time it will be for other people.
No one really wants to listen, for me.
Everyone thinks they understand me but they don’t, and I’m so tired of trying to explain. I’m not a good person, but I’m not a bad person.
Everything is the way it is and I’m tired of change. Please tell my mom this isn’t her fault, and that this has always been my destiny. I was born broken. Tell my dad I don’t really know him, and I don’t hate you, I’ll never forgive what you did to my mom and me and my sister, but I understand your side. I never hated you, I just didn’t want you in my life. I never trusted you.
My mom, this will never and could never be your fault, I know that’s how you’ll feel. You gave me everything and more and I appreciate that. I wish we could have had a closer relationship, I never really knew who you were, and I feel like that’s my fault.
My sister, I wish we could go back to the good old days and play with those little cars or dress up barbies, those will always be cherished memories. It always reminded me of what my kids would be doing one day, and the aunt they would’ve had. You’re going to be an amazing mother, and you deserve the best. 
G+J you guys have me so much hope. When I was at my lowest you were the two who met me there and brought me back up. You two are such good people. And I’ll never forget the things we went through. I’ll do whatever I can for you guys if there’s another side. I hope there isn’t though. 

Please take care of my cat sunflower and remind her that Phoenix is watching. 
I intend to be an organ donor, and I wish everyone luck who receives them. Get ready for a lot of eye compliments (I hope I’m found soon enough for them to be saved, I always felt blessed)