I'm relatively new here, but I've seen enough for a life time of sadness. Here is a thought.I'll be brief.

Depression.

That's a taboo word these days, isn't it?

"Depressed? What do you have to be depressed about?"

It seems like everybody knows your depression better than you do, doesn't it? Which is weird. The word depression induces an awkwardness as if it's an indelible mark of shame on your reputation as a person, much akin to wearing a post-it note from your mom everywhere you go that says "I'm glad you stopped wetting the bed." 

It's difficult to get rid of it. It's difficult to be happy about it. It's like part of you that's unrelenting and, like cancer, could sprout up against. And you become afraid of it. Afraid that you might relapse. That you might...somehow be weak enough for it to conquer you once more. 

Personally, I'm not afraid. Rather, I embrace it. Depression to me isn't a fever that consumes me anymore, but a tickling of the ribs. It makes me laugh. **My depression** makes me laugh. Don't confuse that with your depression. I own my depression, and I'm proud to acknowledge it. Why? Because I've passed it. I've reached over to my depression, gave it a hard look, and laughed at it. As if it meant held little power. And it does hold little power. So when you talk about depression, don't forgo the thought of discussion your own. Because it's part of you. It's made you stronger. When you know extreme sadness, then happiness is bliss. And when you know bliss, there's absolutely no reason to ever get familiar with extreme sadness ever again.

So. Feel proud of your depression. Feel proud that you've conquered something to massive and internal. Feel proud to tell others that you suffered through it. And even if they don't understand in the same way that us SuicideWatchers do, feel proud that you were able to admit to it. Live through it. And come out much more stronger than you entered it. 

You're all amazing people. It's a damn fine thing that nobody goes through the same unique situation. Because when you come out, you're unique. That's right. You are unique. Cherish that though. Be proud of yourself. 