Questioning interest, itself, via life continuity.In writing this, I question rigorously to the precise thought in how my expression should be described. Perhaps it's a worry in the misunderstandings that could come. I realize that it may come off as snobbery, or pretentious, but understand that I am genuine in my expression.

The pain cannot be normally described, nor normally identified. I suppose my problem wouldn't be of any normal interest to engage, since it holds an abstract presence of understanding.

Nevertheless, to those who are willing: Please, and thank you.

--

Context: 

I am a sociopath, and not in the claiming sense, but in the psychological sense.
Lacking emotional sensitivity, I constantly wonder if I am shrouded by either dep or my psychological disorder. 


Actual expression:

From my early elementary school days, toward my current position, I've never felt connected to my own reality.

Perhaps at a few points I certainly felt involved. Of course physical, emotional, and mental abuse grounds people easily. Their emotions become quickly involved in the pain that their reality is currently experiencing.

Anyone can be beaten with a metal bat, and feel grounded to that experience. Same with rape, the death of another, or even victim to deceit. Mentally being configured to another's wish, abusing their perspective in how they reason. Etc.

...

By 'connected', I mean in relationship with what people find stimulating. Emotionally stimulating. 

I see people fly kites. The smiles that widen as their children and pets playfully associate themselves in that activity. People that have sex, and of how emotionally sensitive they are to the action itself. Even those who eat food, are quite satisfied. To those who feel compassion for family, and those who have done great lengths to achieve things for their family. 

I do not understand the drive they have in such pursuits. To me, that emotional motivation doesn't exist. But clearly, it does, since it influences other so heavily.


I can go on, of course, but the meaning should be clear.


I've tried to find meaning, reward, and stimulation to my own life. It is quite difficult to be interested in something that doesn't give you anything in return. Like a broken food dispenser, of sorts. I want to care about flying kites. I want to feel emotional sensitivity of sexual acts with the person I claim to love. I want to feel and taste the many reactions people have for what I find bland. There is this increasing frustration in what I cannot receive, nor experience what others lack the gratitude of. Even the simplest of things: Enjoying a nice drink, feeling content over a conversation, or even the raw appreciation for the stars and of our world that exists within them.

I genuinely want to care. I have tried.

However, since it cannot be helped, I've developed this overwhelming amount of envy in others.

To envy the simplest of things, I can be readily identified as faulty. A faulty mind which cannot function since even the lowest emotional rewards do not exist. Do you know how painful it is to envy someone who can smile about simple things, like the new pair of clothes that they purchased? Perhaps even in having meals in the morning themselves. 


To those who have found even a minor treatment, it would be heavily appreciated. But as you can see, the want of suicide is greatly influenced and decided by my lack of appreciation for the world I live in.

Perhaps I'm just picky. Maybe I don't want to smile at the general decision in being excited about new clothes. Or some other matter. But even so, what can I do in spite of these restrictions?

I care much less about complaining, I'd rather approach solution.

And again, to those who could even give the smallest of reasonable and realistic experiences or advice, it'd be greatly appreciated.











 