I may have posted here before. I don’t recall, then again I don’t really care. I am going to kill myself in the next two years most likely. I just want to explain the reasons why.I am twenty years old. First off, let me say that I have cerebral palsy—I was cursed at birth. I had just enough damage done to affect my motor skills and walking in a significant way, but not to take my mind as well. I would have rather been retarded, because a functioning mind has helped me to realize the incredibly bleak reality for disabled people in the world, especially in the world of job prospects and dating (tho I have made up my mind to live life as a bachelor, so I don’t have to make a total fool of myself trying to get a girlfriend or spouse; so that part is less bothersome to me) 

In addition, my disability has robbed me of many things I would’ve loved to do the foremost of which would’ve been playing an instrument and painting; I have always been appreciative of the arts, particularly music but my lack of motor skills mean both of these pursuits are totally unavailable to me. I have tried prose &amp; poetry and though others have praised my work in this regard it’s shit and I know what they are doing, I know others take pity on me and try their best to ‘help’ me in any way they can. They mean well of course, but I know their evaluations of my work (which is again, shit) are based partly on my visible disability.  My suicide will be my act of rebellion against the universe, where most people learn to ‘make peace’ with their disability I refuse to. I will not make compromise with something that has already stunted my progress in so many ways. 

In the last two or so years, I have also developed significant  tinnitus in both ears after having it at a level I could barely register for the entirety of my life that I can remember. This has led to difficulty with sleeping, increased noise sensitivity and an inability to enjoy music in the same was as before the increase in ringing, as well as the general feeling of despair which comes with a noise that never quiets. ENTs and such have done their best but they are as confused as I and so I have one option left. 

The last reason is that I simply don’t like the direction of the world. The Chinese (government) have increasing power over international affairs, including in countries like mine; the United States, and there’s no stopping their rise. We, and many other Western nations are nothing but thralls who reprimand China once in a while, too attached by trade deals and globalization to do anything significant. With climate change speeding on, and a world in which American popular culture is slowly making everyone into a global monoculture (the beginnings of which we can already see), this world adheres to values that I find repugnant and thus I wish to have no part in it. End rant. I have many friends &amp; a family that love me very much, but if they know me they’ll understand my decision. They may never agree, and I couldn’t care less, I only hope they understand.