What would you say to someone who was suicidal, yet did not suffer from depression or any intense tragedies?I used to be depressed and looked around on here a few years back. I was never suicidal, and I'm still not, but still it seems like suicide would be a more reasonable solution to constitutional unhappiness rather than depression. 

I'm not referring to myself specifically, but to illustrate my point I'll provide some context. I don't suffer from a traumatic childhood, it could be described as one, but I've only found strength in it. I don't have trouble dating, whether it's serious or casual, yet it doesn't provide me with happiness or fulfillment. I don't have trouble making acquaintances, forming friendships or close ones either. I have few family members, but they're important ones which I wouldn't swap for anything else. I'm doing well in university, foresee no troubles there or in pursuing an ambitious career I find both interesting and challenging.

Regardless of that, when depressed there's a more or less tangible issue, at least there's a real issue. I enjoy the small things in life, I'm rarely anxious or stressed, or sad. I fill my days doing things I enjoy and I don't have any suicidal thoughts. Still, I could see this leading to it in the long term. The point of life and existence is to get out of it that which you find important, but what if after all, you don't find anything important enough?

You can have success attracting partners, but that doesn't mean you'll find your soulmate or someone you enjoy spending and building a life with. You can find as many friends as you want, but there's a small chance they'll share your outlook on life. When you have no chemical issues, no fog distorting your view of life and no trouble dealing with issues when they arise, how do you deal with an unhappiness in life, after you've analyzed and treated all roots of it?

Again, maybe this is a moot point as there's no reason to think people in that situation will become suicidal rather than mildly apathetic/discontent, but the hypothetical intrigues me.