Out Of Options If you look through my previous posts, as I'm sure some of you will, you will see my current issues. I live with my in laws, my husband never stands up for me against them, and I have two kids with him. It goes much deeper now and it isn't as black and white as "just leave him", "just go to a shelter".

  First, my MIL and I got into a fight. She attacked first but NOBODY believes me. She has nerve damage in one hand but is fully capable of picking up my 50lb toddler and driving...but nobody believes she attacked me because "she's just an old crippled lady". She's only 58, by the way.
  
  She threatened to shoot me but once again, her nerve damaged hand served as an excuse as to why she "couldn't if she wanted to". Now it isn't like I am a pathological liar. I have caught my husband and in laws in more lies than they have ever caught me in, yet they only believe what fits their agenda.

  They ALL want me to leave my kids with my MIL and just leave. They have been trying very hard to just kick me out. The only thing keeping me here is that I promised to go to a psychiatrist because they have all agreed that I'm a violent psycho demon who needs serious help. They do not believe whatsoever that my MIL was at fault despite her admitting to threatening to shoot me, then grabbing my child from me to use as a shield.

  So the police were called, they took everyone's side but mine of course, CPS then came out and charged me with child neglect for trying to get my baby out of my psycho MIL's arms. I am now required to go seek mental help. I take Paxil for depression and anxiety by the way, so it was reallll easy for my husband and his family to throw the "she's psycho" card out there.

 Now even if I do leave, I cannot take my children with me and I can't divorce my husband without losing my children. My husband has humiliated me regularly in front of everyone, encourages the "she's crazy" talk, tells me that I'm not worth love and I deserve everything I get, and tries to make his mother look like a saint. He does not believe that I've tried my best to get along with my MIL and nobody was in the room when my MIL attacked me to be a witness. 

 I can't describe how badly this hurts. I can't even describe it. I love my children more than anything at all and they know that, which is why they are constantly trying to use my kids against me and threaten to take them away from me and grab them from me. I watched both of my children fight for their lives in the NICU while my husband wasn't even there. Everyone knows this and how much I love them. My husband and in laws want me dead or homeless - either one suits them.
  So I'm out of options here. There's only one way out. A psychiatrist could help me to an extent, but since it's my MIL that attacked me, she's likely to do it again and everyone easily believes it's my fault despite evidence saying otherwise. I'm just out of options and I had to get this out there somewhere. I love my kids more than anything and that is the only reason I hesitate to end everything...but I'm really running out of time and the ability to keep them since everyone wants to take them from me.