I'm Tired And LostTo put it simply, I've been in and out of therapy for over 20 years. Basically since I was in high school. I've been put on a variety of meds with little to no real improvements. My current therapist is a wonderful person and she truly means well. Our discussions are always insightful, but I still feel like after all these years, no real ground is being made. I'm tired. I'm at my wits end trying to figure things out. I can't even get a straight diagnosis. I have no idea what's wrong with me or if there even is something wrong with me and I can't afford to pay high priced specialist to figure it out. I'm here on Reddit with this because I'm so depressed and lost that I'm starting to feel like there's only one answer to my problems. 

Death.

I don't want to take my own life, but I feel like I've run out of options. I just want to know for certain what is wrong with me so I can finally start to move past it. Focus on fixing it or at the very least get the necessary treatment I need to get better. To do better. So I'm here, writing to the collective world of Reddit in hope that maybe someone out there has a definitive answer. I'm going to list out my symptoms and try to be as detailed as possible so please excuse me if this gets a little long.

Ever since I was a kid I've had this "thing". I isolate myself from others and pace the floor with an object in my hand and living in a fantasy world. The object has evolved over the years as well. Starting off as a little toy shovel I got from an old Burger King kids meal and over the past 20 years has been a pen. The pen has to be a certain way and it has to FEEL a certain way in my hand. I can't describe the feeling. It's just something that I've always felt. Over time the pen has been molded so it has a slight curvature to it. The cap is always off and jammed onto the bottom of the pen, exposing the writing end. There is no ink in the pen though as it has dried out over time. I never use this pen to write. Only for when I'm pacing. The pacing can go on for hours. Sometimes I do it for so long that my legs will get tired from all the walking and even then, I push myself through it until I simply cannot walk anymore. As a kid I used to imagine myself in this world, playing the hero and saving the day. As I've got older, the fantasy world has changed and evolved. I no longer see myself in the fantasy world. Just other people. No one specific. Made-up people. The fantasies have become the basis for many of the stories I write (whenever I can put myself in front of a computer long enough to actually write them). No one even knows I do this. I don't talk to anyone about it and get an intense feeling of embarrassment at the very idea of anyone walking in on me while I'm doing it.

The pen always stay in my left pocket and, despite being very right handed, I often keep it in my left hand. I've been doing this for so long that I've come to a point where I prefer being isolated from people. I get annoyed when people interrupt or want me to do things that require I go outside.

There is the obvious depression and massive anxiety of course. I start to panic over simple things or doing simple things. I can't even bring myself to go down a water slide with my kids despite there being no real danger. The water is shallow enough to stand up in at the end of the pool. But the second they ask me to go down it with them I start to shake and get massive butterflies in my stomach and I start to feel like I'm going to pass out.

I'm afraid of doing anything. I don't feel like I'm picking up on social cues the way I should be. To be clear, I'm much better with physical or visual cues. But verbal cues or people being vague with their intent, I never pick up on it until someone points it out to me (which has made my dating life a living hell as who knows how many women have been hitting on me and I was none-the-wiser).  When others are experiencing emotion, regardless of whether it is directed at me or not, my initial reaction is the run and hide. I essentially shut down as if I'm waiting for it to go away. I don't know how to react to people when they're upset or sad. I feel like I used to know, but somehow over the years it's like I've forgotten how to communicate with people. To top it all off, I often feel like the weight of everyone elses problems and emotions are resting on my shoulders. Like they're expecting a lot from me and I have no idea what to do or how to help them. But I can't get their issues out of my head either so I can't even focus on myself so I end up shutting the whole world out.

I can only stay focused on things for so long before the fantasy world starts taking over and diverting my attention. I can't truly focus on a conversation with people without my mind trying it's damnedest to drift away. I'm constantly self-sabotaging, trying to do things the "right way" only to fail at every corner. When I get a thought it my head it's next to impossible for me NOT to think about it. I have an extremely hard time letting things go even when I know I should. Even when I know I'm wrong. 

I get very fidgety. I have a thing where I play with my beard now to a point where my wrists and elbows have started to hurt and are generally uncomfortable daily. Sitting for any length of time takes getting really, really engaged in something in order to pull it off. 

I don't know what to do anymore and I'm getting tired of trying. I'm getting tired of seeking help only to not feel like it's going anywhere. I don't know what's wrong with me and I've never been given a definitive answer and it's killing me. I'm worried if I don't get answers I'll never be able to get a grip on my own life and I don't want to do anything to hurt myself or others. But I feel like I'm out of options.