I'm going to kill myself in a years time.I've decide that If I am not at least somewhat content or happy with my life in one year I am going to kill myself. 
I might first off mention that I am a naturally pessimistic and angry person, even when I was a child I hated people, and frankly I only hate them more now.
I look around and see too many morons who just spout idiotic crap about subjects they know nothing about while triumphantly proclaiming that they are the moral arbiters of the world. I can't even watch the news because of how angry people make me.
Recently I've directed my hatred towards people in relationships however. The smug slack jawed looks they give as they explain how lovely everything is and how jealous everyone else should be, only makes me more depressed about how I'll never be able to have a loving relationship no matter how much I may want to.
I do have a few hobbies (Warhammer) but I find it harder and harder to be bothered with any of it anymore. 
I also have so many psychical flaws that it becomes a daily annoyance, And I'm not talking about being ugly (although that doesn't help). I have awful eyesight which means that I always have to wear glasses unless I'm sleeping. I have awful genes from both my parents who should have aborted me as soon as mum found out I was pregnant due to our awful financial situation growing up, These genes include such marvelous features as: gaining weight at the drop of a hat for no reason, short stubby legs and big idiotic looking heads, a vacant idiotic expressions at all times , constant scatter brained speech that is probably a result of the OCD (I'm not sure if OCD is hereditary but 3/5 of us have it in varying degrees) oh and back and joint pain to round it all off.
Anyway in a years time if I dont feel like I can be content (not happy, that'll never happen) I'm going to hang myself from the rafters in my shed and leave a note on my front door so that someone can call the cops for my body or whatever (I honestly don't care that much if I'm ever found anyway)
Sorry this is such an incoherent mess but I'm a moron. I don't even know why I'm posting this here, I guess I just want it off my chest. 
Sorry.