I don't see a point in life.At 27, I might have died a bit inside a while ago. At an age where I should have a boyfriend, plans on getting married or be married already..I am still single. I am weaving through precarious employment. I do have financial savings I need to survive, but I don't see a point in continuing. I guess I'm the type of person to look at the bigger picture. Out of all the lies, deceit, competition, failed love/relationships, backstabbing, fakeness, unfairness I've experienced, I remain quite intact and composed. Now before you reply to my post, no, it's really not about finding hobbies, interests or momentary happiness. I just want to disappear from this existence for good and lay my soul to rest. I'm quite conflicted at this point in my life. - Am i suicidal? No. If something unexpected occurred that would take my life how would I feel? Alright, cool. - The other day I had a random stranger come up to me (claims he's psychic) tell me that I'm lucky and blessed but not as much nowadays with me overthinking too much. He's right, I have been. He tells me that my family and those that know me well are creating obstacles in my life and are my stressors. I agree. He tells me that it's because my family and people that know me are jealous I have the good life from my humbleness/innocence. Wow, maybe he's right. That's why I've been feeling so shitty these past few years. What no one knows (I left the psychic before he could tell me my life story) is that everyone judges me for my happiness I exude for them at face value. What they don't see or know are all the hardships I've been put through my life since childhood, responsibilities that forced me to carry on top of growing up and not having a father or mother role model, or anyone to teach me anything. "How could I still be living today with how I was raised and treated?" is a question I ask myself quite frequently. Sometimes even I myself feel amazed I came out normal and sane. to be honest, I lived a good life already. I'd still like to be a person of integrity and to help out others wherever I can and I feel that it is the right thing to do to be kind to others. But would I be saddened if my life ended? Not really. I'm quite satisfied already, with the highs and lows in life and all that I've experienced has shaped me to become a better person. I'm not a strong person by any means (not naive or stubborn) which by definition are the ones that will make it far in life by not letting people step all over them. But I am a wise and humble person that accepts and understands people and life in it's completeness. And that's okay if I end up being defeated by the lows in my life, because I will always remember the good times and be grateful for the life I lived with the people I had fun with during those momentary and fleeting moments. C'est la vie.