It's not worth it.(I tried reaching out to the chat services at the National Suicide Prevention Hotline and at imalive.org. They were both offline. And I can't talk on the phone right now because it would wake the other people in the house, who I don't want to know about all this.)

I'm 26 and have been dealing with mental illness for a very long time. I can recognize definitive signs by about age 11, but they were life-endangering by 15. It's been treated on-and-off and that has had some very limited success, but still, I think it's fair to say it's had a catastrophic influence on my life.

I had health insurance until my last birthday, a few months ago. I've always had to pay out of pocket for my psychologist (who, thankfully, gives me a seriously discounted rate), and now I have to pay out of pocket for my psychiatrist and medication as well. Or my parents do, anyway. They're so generous and kind and lovely. But it's more than $1000/mo for those things, and to be honest, it doesn't even feel like it's helping.

I'm 26, my parents are at/nearing their 60s. I should be on my own now, not still living with them, not still dependent on them for food and shelter and medicine. I should be helping them, or helping them help their parents, not sucking them dry to the tune of more than $12K/yr.

It's hard to see why I should continue to have them pay so much when the medicine and therapy still isn't helping. I still can't hold a job. I still can't consistently drive myself places. My hallucinations and dissociative episodes are becoming alarmingly more frequent. I suppose at least I am not so depressed that I'm incapable of moving, but I don't think this is better.

My parents are lovely people. My siblings are lovely, as are their partners. My friends are lovely. But I don't feel that I can talk to any of them -- I don't 

I had the thought form in my mind a little while ago, and it came so easily that I probably should be worried, instead of comforted. In about three months I will probably have the opportunity to kill myself, and I don't really see any reason not to.

I mean, I don't want to leave my siblings, or my parents, or my friends. Theoretically they would be helped by having me here. But that's only theoretical. In practice, I am only a burden. I don't want to die, not really. I have dreams. But I also realize that it is extraordinarily unlikely that I will ever achieve them, and that it is not pursuing that sisyphean task when I'm exhausting not just me but everyone around me.

I have an appointment with my counselor next week. Honestly I think I would do better if I talked with her today or tomorrow, but that's more money. My parents want me to make an appointment with my psychiatrist for sooner, because of the hallucinations, but that's more money, and not really any help. I think I should just stop taking my medicine, although I haven't yet.

The only thing that has saved me the last couple times I was planning to commit suicide was that I was too fucking depressed to do it. Like, nailed-to-the-floor depressed. And now I'm not so depressed, so even if it doesn't happen until the fall... it really does seem pretty plausible. I don't want it -- I don't think anyone does -- but it seems inevitable.

tl;dr Probably checking out in September. I'm only getting worse, and draining everyone as I go along.