It’s not fair that committing suicide will hurt everyone in my life.I’ve been miserable my whole life. When I was a kid I thought that I could remedy this someday by being successful when I grew up. Now I’m grown and I have graduated from a top university, ran marathons, regularly gone on trips, have a great partner, and found my ideal career. I’m still miserable. All the “fun” activities I do are done out of a desperation to finally make myself happy. 

I’m tired of struggling to get out of bed to go to my dream job and forcing myself to work out everyday for the extra endorphins. I think it’s a fairly logical conclusion that if, after all this, I’m still depressed, then it’s probably unlikely that I’ll ever be happy. (Before you ask: Yes, I’ve tried years of medication, therapy, diet changes, exercise, meditation, and being in nature.) 

But I can’t kill myself because that would negatively impact literally EVERYONE around me. My boyfriend, my parents, my coworkers, my friends, my landlord - everyone. Every time I think about doing it I start thinking about who would have to go through all my clothes and furniture, who would have to get rid of my car,  who would have to finish all my work projects, how long it would take my boss to hire someone new, how my parents would forever think that it was because they didn’t raise me right, how my friends would think that maybe there was something they could’ve done, how my boyfriend who has already lost many people close to him would be able to cope. 

My landlord needs my rent money because she supports her sister and son, and how could I let her forever associate my studio with a suicide? I live in an in-law unit on the same property as her house and my lease isn’t up for a year. My boyfriend would have to either cancel our trip to Iceland, losing lots of money, or go on his own. My coworkers would have to throw all my work stuff away and then work uncomfortably in a room with an empty desk that a dead person used to sit at. 

It isn’t fair that I have to continue struggling and being miserable because my death would make OTHER people miserable. Why do I have to be the selfish one for not wanting to suffer for 60+ more years? How can I kill myself without hurting anyone else? These are not rhetorical questions - please give me answers. 

