At what point does it go from "no-win situation" to suicide?I'm feeling more and more, that there's nothing really left for me.  I'm 35 and last year had not one, but two strokes. Left side paralysis and right side in constant pain (Central Post Stroke Pain) that increases with any sensation or movement. I lost my job, lost my motorcycle, lost my bank account, at least 6 figures in debt, a year behind on child support, and am still waiting (16 months now) for a decision from social security. The only reason I'm not on the street is pity from a family member who's basically letting me squat in a house he's trying to sell.

I feel like the loss of everything I could deal with. Starting over actually doesn't seem bad, and I've done it a few times before moving around. But this, this pain.... I don't think I ~~can~~ want to take it anymore. The VA tried several pain killers before settling on oxycodone. It worked, but it didn't take the pain away. It just made me not care about it. But *drugs are baaad... M'kay*. So we can't just keep increasing that. Tried a TENS and an H-Wave (both just hurt more) and now on Lyrica (Pregabalin) 300mgx2. It kinda helps, but the pain is still there. Just typing this feels like streaks of searing electricity shooting down my arm, and radiating out into my fingers. But it doesn't help, like the oxyxidone, it just gets me high, but that only does so much.


Say you break your toe at work. After work you stop at the bar. Couple of shots won't fix your toe, or stop it from being broken, but you get a buzz and it helps. What about a broken leg? Think those shots will help? At what point does simply getting high not work?

I'm just trading one high for another. Same as getting high. Legal state means really cheap weed, but that only helps in the moment, and you can't just be high all day, not if you want to do anything. Not that I can really do anything anyway. I struggle to walk, fall often and it generally takes me 3x-4x longer to do a task than it normally would. Just a sink of dishes can take me 2 hours to get through, and I'll be lucky id I didn't break anything.

I don't  know what I expect from this, but just typing it out seems to help. I've been alone (living alone I mean) almost a full year, since leaving the VA hospital I was staying at. No job, no real friends, no social media outside of Reddit, and every day physically (mentally?) hurts. It hurts to lie down to try to sleep, it hurts sitting in my shower chair (so I don't slip and kill myself?), it hurts just to walk... 

At what point is it a no win situation? I've had MRIs, CTs, blood work, angiograms, heart monitors, you name it. BP is great, low cholesterol, heart is great, no history of stroke in the family. Non smoker (outside of weed) active lifestyle (before the stroke)... My neurologist gave up, saying there were no more tests to run. It happened, you can't fix it, all we can do is deal with it. Funny, I got the same from my optometrist when they were fitting me for darkened "indoor" glasses. Eyes are fine, but your brain is fucked up, but hey here's a Band-aide for ya.

All I do is exist and try to make it through to the next day. "It hurts, so just get through this" I tell myself. But I never "get through". It may subside compared to it's worse, but it never goes away. Like having blown speaker in your car. No matter how high or low you change the volume, that one still crackles and does a piss poor job at what it's supposed to do. Only it isn't something that can just be repaired, it's my fucking brain. I have brain damage and there's nothing anybody can do about it. Just take some drugs and try and get through until it's time to take some more drugs. I didn't order a refill on time, and because Lyrica is a controlled substance, the VA has procedures to go through. It takes time. Ran out on a Wed, didn't get a refill until the following Tuesday. The withdraws were bad, but the symptoms from the stroke had me wishing for death. Which brings me back to the Band-aide fix... takes some drugs. Smoking weed all day helped while I waiting for the real drugs. It's been two days. I finally slept better, but it still hurts to just lie there. Whats worse is the spasticity and spasms. These waves of clenching muscles and tightening and shaking.... ~~movement causes pain~~  any sensation that affects my nerves on the right side causes pain. The spasms hurt like someone is kicking me in the ribs.. this is just laying down, on the drugs that supposedly help.

If you're in a no win situation, what do you do? Because it's the VA, they are very anti opiates, but I could get oxy again, get a stronger dose. Just be high all day. Drugs drugs drugs... Wake up, take some pills, make it until you can take more pills, try to sleep so you can wake up, take some pills...

