dont know how to move forwardSuicide watch might be the only sub that lets me post this. It's more about wanting guidance than suicide though, I think I'm under control mostly but thoughts are described near the end.

I need employment like most people.

But I have messed up.

I am now in a situation where my credit is ruined, my resume is ugly, and I'm starting to get desperate. If there's a more appropriate sub for this please let me know I will crosspost.

This will probably pan out to be a very detailed post. Don't read on if you're in a hurry. It's as much me venting as it is a request for advice. I half don't even care if my identity could be discerned by somebody close enough who stumbles upon this, I need help!

Background info: I think I've been depressed most of my life. I had an unusual, but not physically abusive upbringing, I do feel that I was emotionally/socially neglected. I have felt like I was two steps behind everybody when it came to knowing fundamental things about how to interact with others. Most people have always felt alien to me. But I'm 33 now and this should no longer have any baring. I did well in high school but flunked out of college, wasting a lot of my own and others' money. Given a second chance at college I would not screw it up!

But I don't even know what I would do if I had that second chance! I've been endlessly putting thought into and nothing stands out as an occupation that would make for a satisfying life. In my worst moments I've put serious thought into faking a college diploma, but I'm not even sure what job I would pursue that would be doable without a college degree but still requires one, or where to go get one. I'm plagued with indecision. I know how rare a shot like going back to college is, and understand the consequences of messing it up. I wouldn't want to do that again, so I wouldn't fill out a FAFSA and bend over for more loans without a rock solid plan that I'm thoroughly committed to. But I don't even know where to start to create that.

I find modern work culture contemptible. I am able to force myself to work hard, and over the years I've proven that to all my employers. But long hours is not a badge of honor. Seems like all jobs want to screw you over in one way or another: unreasonably long hours and difficult expectations, disrespect, low pay/dead end, or some other unnecessary, over the top challenge.  

Although I can force myself to work hard, I really don't deny that I can't stand it. During times of healthcare coverage I visited a doctor and had blood work done for anything that could be causing me to be unusually tired. Nothing was found. The next step was to get tested for sleep apnea, but that didn't pan out because the healthcare got cut off before I was able to make the appropriate arrangements.

I have difficulty with motivation and ambition, to such an extent that I believe there's something wrong. I have no idea what though. There are things I could be doing right now to improve my quality of life. Over the past year I taught myself to code in python, and managed to impress myself with my progress. I came up with a useful, unique idea, and successfully implemented it. But as I was working on learning what I needed to know to make the UIs I got lost in the weeds. Keeping that going for 8 months was pretty good for me, but I always seem to end up burning out. I am susceptible to addiction to wow classic.

My resume is patchy with too many gaps. I have an interview today delivering pizza. It seems like the next best available step down to my previous occupation, delivering mail. I'm doing it because I know the area well, I need a paycheck, and I'd like something flexible enough to pursue a good opportunity on the side, should I find one. Perhaps even college or trade school.

I've looked into the trade programs and apprenticeship opportunities available in my home state of Ohio. Most of them seem to only want recent high school graduates. Most were very far away (I'm in a rural area). I found a free opportunity to apprentice as a computer programmer once, but you had to have half a year's worth of living expenses saved up. For as abundant as these opportunities seem to be at a glance, I'm disqualified from the vast majority of them. Trade school, while far more manageable than college, would still require that I also have a job.  

And honestly maybe I could live on nothing, deliver pizza, and make trade school work now! I'm not certain, that's not off the table. but then there's the issue of what trade do I choose? I don't want to work 12 hours a day all the time. I enjoyed all the walking of my last job. I like to be outside. I'm open to just about anything, but I need to know that it's something my seemingly always tired ass can sustain. I enjoy thinking, and I enjoy minimizing interaction with other people. I'm not obese but I'm not in great shape. I smoke way too much. I'd like to quit but I don't see it happening any time soon, I won't make excuses for that. I HAVE TO MAKE THE CORRECT CHOICE!

I don't do people well. There was a time when I very much would've liked to, and tried very hard to improve at this. Improve I have! Often times I feel that I've given a passable performance, permitting me to blend in smaller crowds without standing out as the obviously eccentric, strange guy who just doesn't seem to be getting something, or allowing me to squeak past a phone interview or 1st interview. But I'm never going to be able to consistently socialize effectively and that makes it difficult being in a position of reliance upon other people. All progress I've made in this area was hard fought, the result of deep introspection and excessive over-analysis. It's obvious that people don't have to try as hard as I do to achieve basic social function. I've done the internet self diagnosis thing and come up with 10 possible things that could explain it. I've also visited a therapist, and they didn't seem to think there was anything wrong at all! I know there is though.

Difficulties with working with people is part of the reason I quit my most recent job, carrying mail.

Four years ago I got a job as a rural letter carrier's substitute. I was more desperate than I am even sitting here typing this today, so I was absolutely determined to make it work.  

Leading up to that, I had just quit a job that involved working 70-80 hour weeks steady. The job involved driving a van full of people around. It paid well, but it wasn't safe. I know for a fact that other managers were using drugs, and I had to get out of there as I had started to dabble too. But I've been clean of everything except marijuana for at least 5 years now. I don't even drink.

A random friend that my Aunt had met online a year previous, but that I didn't know very well, offered to let me move in with him, preventing me from going homeless at that time. After a difficult half year of no income I managed to get hired at a dollar store, where I stayed for a few months until I talked the local postmaster into the position I was just describing. So I was stoked and nothing was going to prevent me from making a go of that!

Unbeknownst to me though, that roommate, who I had believed I was on good terms with, was apparently developing a heroin addiction. I came to find out later that he had called my boss and slandered me, and who knows how my reputation in that city, an hour and a half away from my hometown, suffered without me knowing.

So I can only guess that this is why management in this facility hated me soon after hiring me. And it's the postal service, the cliche came from somewhere. I was harassed unrelentingly for the duration of my two years in that office. I was clearly unwelcome. Nitpicked daily, held to excessively challenging standards. You see, with the postal service, once you've made it a certain amount of time they can't fire you; so if they decide you're unwelcome they have to drive you out by making you hate the job.

But I loved what I did. One year into the job I had to move unexpectedly to my sister's an hour and a half away, thanks to the heroin addicted roommate. I suffered that commute the entire year without missing a day of work. Even though I was a rural carrier, they'd come to rely on me on a daily basis by that point.

Carrying mail is honestly the best job I've ever held. I got a sense of satisfaction from the work I did, and felt an unfamiliar sense of respect from others around me when I told them what I did. I did not want to give up this golden ticket to the lower middle class.

I did everything as best as I could the entire time and they asked alot, while badgering me the entire time. Other coworkers witnessed this, the union stepped in a couple times, there was enough feedback for me to conclude that the situation was really bad and it wasn't just me perceiving it that way. I feel that it left me traumatized. I had to move on.

Determined to carry mail, I did literal due diligence on 3 offices near my hometown. interviewed a couple times, and chose my next office carefully after explaining my situation to a couple of postmasters and becoming acquainted with a couple of letter carriers, and asking a few other parties. I settled on an office, put my two weeks in after being hired at the new office, and became a city carrier assistant in a city near my hometown.  

The position was ridiculous. They expected 6 day weeks, 10-12 hours a day during the slow season, more in winter. I had to piss in a bottle and run to make times, this being a position where you walk, instead of drive around in the country. But I was treated with respect, and that was enough to keep me going even in these conditions. I hated life and couldn't accomplish anything outside of work though. My body was stiff all the time. I was in the best shape of my life but the situation was honestly not really sustainable.

All was peachy for a year, I developed a routine and got used to the new demands of my job, outrageous though they were. Until a new postmaster arrived on the scene and took over. As the low guy on the totem pole I had engendered the least trust. It seemed that his assumption was that everybody was slacking, even me at the pace I described above, and acted accordingly. They tried to ask even more efficiency of me! This broke me. Shortly after being converted to full time career status, things started to go down hill. They were continuously unrelenting in their demands.  

Eventually I turned in a medical restriction from my foot doctor limiting the hours I could work. I regret doing that, but taking the position then going to a foot doctor did reveal that I have a strangely shaped foot, and my foot did hurt. They did not like this at all, and eventuality found a legal technicality they could exploit that permitted them to ignore it anyway, so it only made things worse. I'm sure this new postmaster called my old boss and that didn't help things.

So things went downhill and I saw them slowly becoming more and more like my previous office. I did not have any more of that shit in me, so with some money saved up, and with my girlfriend's permission, I left, irresponsibly because I had nothing else lined up, but still turning in appropriate notice.

That brings us to today. I've managed to nurture a wow addiction, wasted several months, and am preparing for an interview when I get done writing this. I'm absolutely heartbroken and disgusted with myself that I decided to leave the postal service. I'm doing a lot better today than I was when I started the postal service, and I have some time, but I know it's only a matter of time before I'm right back where I started, and I need to figure out how to prevent that.

Previous to that the longest I'd ever been at a single company was also four years, at a payday loan place.  That ended in a way that I'm not proud of, and I probably should avoid writing that one down. I've also had a variety of other low paying jobs, mostly in food service. There are gaps on unemployment in my resume but for the most part I've a lot more of my life than I haven't. I feel that my resume disqualifies me for the best non degreed jobs available in my area.  

I could go to UPS, or FedEx. But Amazon Sundays were always the least enjoyable day for me, when we delivered exclusively packages. FedEx pays as much as pizza delivery, and UPS is unionized. I've learned from the postal service that union work isn't really for me. If you get on a company's bad side they have the leverage to make your life insufferable. I'd prefer that they have the power to just fucking fire me if they feel that strongly about it. Additionally, I don't want to work the kind of hours these guys demand. I want to go to trade school or something on the side. I'm willing to put in the hard work, even though I'm convinced that it feels inordinately difficult for me.

My girlfriend is the best thing that ever happened to me. We've been together a year without a single argument. I used to think that loneliness was a contributing factor to what I think is ongoing depression, but she has certainly disproved that. I'm a little happier with her around. I don't feel that I deserve her though. She's the first person I've ever been serious with, due to social issues described earlier, and a huge part of why it is so important that I succeed. She's willing to support me financially if I need it, but it hasn't come to that yet, and won't for a while longer, hopefully never.  

But something is wrong, something always has been wrong. But I don't feel that it can be addressed until I've gotten myself financially stable. Yes, once my income slips below a certain amount I'll be eligible for medicaid in my state, and could seek mental help. But I don't feel that I'll get as good of service as I would with private insurance. I need a psychiatrist that's damn good and reads me like a book, doesn't have a crazy work load, and can help me figure out my issues. The one's ive tried want me to tell them my issues, and I'm not even certain what they are!

But it's wearing on me. The continued uncertainty, after I thought I had it handled in a job I could make work for a year, and the financial stress. Early last year a cousin that I was close to took his own life. Later in the year an acquaintance that I bought weed from did the same. Then two people I didn't know but were in my small area overdosed, and one guy that I was very close friends with at one point but had fallen distant passed from a heart complication related to drug use. The timing on all this has really hit me hard, and if it weren't for the fact that not all hope is lost, I may have took my own life as well by now. I often consider whether or not I could make a move like that if it came down to it. But I still have a couple loved one's left who need me around.

All hope is not lost. I have a wonderful girlfriend who often makes me happier than I expected I could be, if I'm sufficiently distracted from the stress. I have a decent chunk saved up, but I can't access it yet for capital gains reasons, and I'm looking at a decent tax return this year. If I can find a flexibile enough job, I can maybe enroll in something on the side.

But I still have no idea what, or how to decide. There's other factors worrying me too, but too far a tangent from the discussion at hand.

Advice givers of reddit, how do I decide how to move forward?! Can I move forward from here? Was the postal service the best realistic shot at a decent living I was ever going to see? I am very lost and seek your counsel.