There is no new start optionIf I compared my life to a rogue like, I've reached the point in a bad run where you just end it and be done with it. 

I've been sexually abused twice in my life. The 2nd time when I was around 7 by a complete stranger who took me to a shed and threatened to shoot me if I didn't comply. I tried to run afterwards. He grabbed me and basically dragged me with him down the street. There is no worse feeling than screaming and kicking for help in front of many people and none of them help you in anyway because he claims that you were his little brother who hadnt taken his meds. Being left in a ditch and told to count to 100 as he walked away. Later going around school to school to figure out who it was with your parents and eventually make your way to a juvenile center where one of the first people you see is behind the glass in the main area is that person, waving at you.  When you say it was them,  you are only told that there isn't anything they can do and he walks scott free. 

I've never told anyone the sexual abuse part, not even my parents. Not long gone after,  I started gaining a lot of weight that I still continue doing. 

I'm 17M, fat, lazy, antisocial and have no desire to do anything. Each day,  I put on this facade of happiness that Noone has seen through yet or they just don't care at all. I go to school, sit silently in my classes that are AP but I have awful grades in most because I'm too lazy to do my homework even though the majority of the work is easy. I only talk to people that share somewhat of the same interests as mine but my horrible personality makes it hard to find real friends. Even now, I think I have maybe 2 real friends at best.  Even those two people I almost never talk to outside of school. I am ignored half the time whenever I try to talk to the others. I have horrible anxiety, even when I need to ask my parents something. I play through my head hundreds of ways to say it and all the possible outcomes and the majority of the time I just do nothing. 

Everyday is just more stressful than the last. I tried the "continue 1 day and see if it's better"  but it just doesn't change anything.  I do mundane and boring things and the thought of offing myself remains fervent in the back of my head. I've done fucked up things and have thought about hurting other people even though they had only been kind to me.  I don't want to act on anything like that so just dying before then would be the safest option. 

I have a shotgun that I thought of using to just go out for a few minutes to an open field so that I don't leave even more of a mess when I'm gone. As for a note,  I'm just going to leave that I am sorry and that I love my mother and sister and hope that they can forgive me. 