It came back.I am a M(12). I live in a very christian neighborhood.I have attempted suicide in 2017, but have obviously failed. After that I started seeking out help keeping it a secret from everyone including my parents. I recovered by the mid-end of spring 2018, and have accidentally told some people that I have attempted suicide, but luckily they think it was a joke.

The reason for the depression (I have never actually been diagnosed but had all of the symptoms) is abuse I have been yelled at and beaten since kindergarten (about 5 years old) and have been humiliated and bullied for my looks (overweight) since the start of primary school. And increasing pressure to fulfill my high expectations (straight As). And during all of this being told that the abuse was "normal".

Ever since my recovery I have been making efforts to get slimmer which were mostly stopped by my parents saying that I cant go on a diet because I was so young (instead of a diet I just started eating healthier), my dad stopped beating me because he knew I was getting stronger (working out) and would fight back. But the emotional manipulation and verbal abuse did not stop. 

On the start of august I was staying at my Aunts and Uncles house for a week. And that week was great, because I had no expectations, I kept working out, I kept a stable weight, I had a cat who made it way less lonely being inside most of the time. But then I came back home. And on the SECOND DAY of me being back my dad just came out of nowhere and tried to kiss me, but my arm got in the way. Immediately he started yelling at me saying that I have no respect for him, that I do not know what love, and that I do not love him, and how ungrateful I am for all he has done for me. He also yelled that    he will take away all my rights including free speech. And whenever I tried to say anything he would cut me off and yell "DO NOT ANSWER ME!". He said that he hated how I was relaxed when he started yelling at me.

This is after another similar case that happened a few weeks ago when we went on a walk and he started yelling at me because food is not all I want from him. As I said this is similar to the case described above. Except that in this one I had a mental breakdown, he punched me, and gave me a promise that we will never get angry at each other ever again (I knew this was bullshit) except if I "screw up".

And the day after he yelled at me, made me cry enough to fill 100 of those "male tears" mugs, and broke a promise. The next day he acted as if nothing happened. One thing he got right that night is that I do not love him, I realized I do not love him 2 years ago. If it was not for the laws of this country I would have murdered him, but I could not even defend myself because of how emotionally overwhelmed I was, I could not say anything I just imagined killing him.

And ever since that day the suicidal thoughts came back, slowly but they did. And now I do not have emotional support I don't know who to tell this, except you.