i can’t take anything anymore, i’m at my limit.i’m sorry in advance that this is long.
my parents make me suicidal. 
i’m adopted by my grandparents and call them mom and dad, they’ve raised me since i was a kid because my biological mother abandoned my brothers and i when we were kids.
ever since i was young i’ve always had problems with my mom growing up, even now at nineteen i still argue with her. 
this past week as been the absolute worst, my mom and my dad both make me feel worthless, shitty, and that i’m unloveable and nobody will ever love me. 
the only time my mom has ever shown my physical love is when i had od when i was sixteen and ended up in the er, or when i was in the mental hospital, those were the only times she’d tell me she loves me or hug me. 
i’ll admit i haven’t been the perfect daughter to them because of my mental health issues and i’m not trying to use that as an excuse but it’s difficult when i constantly have manic episodes and then depressive episodes or when i get panic attacks with little things or anger out bursts, but i do try, i’ve always tried to make them proud of me by doing things my siblings were doing or doing things they wanted me to do, but nothing was ever good enough for them and it made me more mad and drove me crazy, i try to always express my feelings to them like this but they just act like they are saints and have done nothing wrong to me because they took me in when they didn’t have to and gave me food and a roof over my head, or when i bring up my mom babying my other siblings they’ll tell me not to bring them up life isn’t always going to be my way. it bothers me, it probably shouldn’t but it does. i don’t know whats wrong with me??? 
i can’t stand living here, i’ve saved up money from jobs i’ve had but i’d always have to pay for things i needed like clothes or underwear, socks, etc because my parents wouldn’t buy me them anymore when needed because i have a job, i’m capable of taking care of myself, or my mom will take money out of my account for something i needed to pay her back, she once took out $81 from my savings which i was saving to move out because she had bought me a christmas present that was around $80. 
i don’t know how much longer i can take this, its driving me insane, i’m not even allowed in my room anymore because its their “punishment” to me for misbehaving, i sleep in the living room couch now. i’m at my limit, i have nobody to talk to i can’t see a psychiatrist or therapist because i don’t have insurance and my parents wont let me get insurance if i talk about it they yell at me. 
my dad has also told me to go kill myself again and make sure to do it properly this time, and i’m considering it. i know they’ll be better off without me. 
i don’t know what to do anymore, if somebody has anything i can do or any advice i’ll take it.