A writer, a fool.I've read through different Reddit posts for years but when I came across this subreddit tonight, I feel like I needed to put up something. I know there are many more with worse situations than mine and that I have no right to complain about the good I have received but I just needed to write something, I suppose. 

I'm a few months out of college and feel like I've wasted my life and got a useless degree in Fiction Writing (Or Creative Writing as the major was recently changed to) at Columbia College in Chicago. 

I love writing and have loved it ever since I was in middle school. Short stories, novels, poems, all of it was always interesting to me because you could craft an entire existence in a fictional realm with no more than a pencil and a shred of paper. The creativity and innate belief that writers got good careers drove me forward to complete my degree and get a small stint with an SEO guy who had me write blogs for his art gallery website for cheap. He flaked on me and cut contact after one of the blogs I wrote for him. It was experience that put 4 months on my resume nonetheless.

The only job I could snag before that was one at an ALDI supermarket where I was unappreciated and was having my soul sucked on a daily basis. I worked there for two years with two resets and no change in job status or pay raise while those around me got more. It got to the point where it was starting to become a strain on both my parents and I. Breaking down in the car right outside the entrance at my 5am start was the sign I needed to leave, the first being that I was starting to put writing dead last in my daily activities. I resigned to finish school but wasn't prepared for the unsure future of an educated writer.

I tried different content writing jobs, technical writing jobs, copywriting jobs. Even with my friends working at these places and giving their bosses a personal recommendation, even with great interviews and the feeling that I had the job, I was left in silence or rejected the day after with no reason why. 

I have a long distance relationship with a woman I've known for about a year and it's taking everything to keep from making her Valentine's Day a sad one by pushing my problems on her. She's almost as emotional as I am and I'd rather feel all this and see her smile than have us both miserable.

 I feel like I'm a failure. I live at home with student loans and a couple hundred bucks in my bank account. I used to weightlift a lot but since I resigned from my job I've stopped lifting altogether. I've been feeling sluggish, losing almost all the muscle I put on to go back to being skinny. The combination of seeing all that physical hard work vanish with the mental hard work of college bearing no fruit just, honestly, crushes the fuck out of me.

I feel like I'm back in high school and I've even stopped writing because my inner critic becomes absolutely monstrous during my bouts of depression to the point where I'll delete any story I try to look over, so I haven't really looked at any of my novel or short story drafts for weeks now. 

I don't know what this post is supposed to do but after failing to find solace in my family's religious ways and slowly becoming a hermit, distancing myself from my friends, I'm afraid I may do something extreme if I can't find a job or a career that I can use to move on in life. 

I don't want to become a useless, aspiring writer that just fades into the background or becomes another statistic. No one wants to hire writers, no one wants anyone fresh out of college. Can't seem to write my way out of this one.