Need help regarding parents.Today I woke up to a frantic text message from my dad saying to call my mom immediately saying she was having a break-down and was going to commit suicide.

Along with that message I had also received many from my mother saying things such as you are a wonderful son and that the family dog belongs to me and other things of the such.

So I call my mother and I can hear the tears in her voice. She said everything is fine and that I don't have to worry. I asked her if she was 100% positive and she said yes. I also asked her what exactly was going on and she kept repeating "I can't talk to my children about it." I told her to please call me(or my sister or grandma or just anyone) at any point if she needed to talk to someone. She assured me she would be fine so I told her I love her and we ended the conversation.

After the conversation with my mother I asked my dad if he was okay and he just replied "No". I then texted him asking what was going on and he didn't respond. At this point me and my sister were talking to each other trying to figure out what the hell was going on.

About 30 minutes ago I receive a call from my mother. When I answered the phone I feared the worst when the person on the other end of the line was a male. He introduced himself as a deputy or officer or something. At this point I thought "Oh no. My mother killed herself." He goes on to tell me that my parents had been in a heated argument that was followed by my mom drinking and taking pills in a possible suicide attempt. He also told me that my father appeared to have tried the same thing. He told me that they were both fine in the hospital and would be sent to a mental clinic for evaluation and I probably would not be able to hear from them for at least 3 days. I thanked the officer very much for filling me in on the situation and then the conversation ended.

Right now I am in complete shock. I can't really say I am emotional but I have shed a tear or two in the past few minutes. I just don't know what to do right now. There are so many thoughts going through my head. I am supposed to be studying for a very difficult organic chem exam that is in 4 days (I a a junior in college). I can't even think straight let alone study and as I type this I feel like a selfish asshole for even bringing that up! My parents both just attempted suicide and all I can think about is how I am going to even pretend I care about the rest of this semester. I am calling the student counseling center first thing tomorrow (they are already closed) and setting up an emergency appointment to discuss this with a counselor and discuss how to go about the rest of the semester.

Besides my sister, you guys are the only ones who know about this right now. I don't really think I want to even talk to my closest friends or even my best friend/roommate about it. Like I said, I am just in shock right now drinking a beer trying to mellow myself out.

I should also add that I am not remotely suicidal and that it is not on my mind at all. I just thought I should say that so people don't worry about me in that sense.

Has anyone ever been in a situation like this? What should I do right now regarding my parents when they get out in the next week? Sorry this is really winded and confusing but this just happened very recently and I just wanted to let someone know. Thank you very much for listening. This is a wonderful subreddit and I appreciate everyone who is an active member. You guys don't realize how wonderful you are.

TL;DR received a call 30min ago saying parents both attempted suicide and are fine now but will be taken to a mental hospital for evaluation. 