I should kill myself now because I know for a FACT I'll never feel love.When I was really young my father would often get frustrated at things that annoyed or upset him, likely as a result of his abusive upbringing. This meant that if someone angered him he would go into fits of rage- throwing things, breaking things, shouting. I spent most of my formative years trying to be as quiet as possible. If I caught my father on a good day, my mother might still be the issue as she very much resented me. I was an accident, you see, and she was so upset at my conception that she smoked when she was pregnant with me. My birth defects were nothing I couldn't grow out of, but they gave my mother a very difficult challenge when raising me as I had terrible lung and stomach problems. None of my mother's ill-will is present in the case of my sister, however, who was a planned gem born two years before I and has never made a mistake in her life (hyperbole).

 *"Stay out of the way" was the directive, I perceived, and I intended to follow it. Because of this, from ages 5-8 I spent my time in my room playing with action figures, making very sure not to actually touch them together in fear of parental retaliation. I rarely spoke unless to apologize for something i may or may not have done (my mother and father made sure to make me feel as though everything was my fault- *especially* their financial situation). I rarely ate because I was not served food and taking food from the fridge felt like stealing. I didn't want to upset anyone by accidentally eating their favorite food, anyway, so I didn't really see any problem with this situation growing up. I got lunch at school and some milk and any leftovers for dinner so I was happy enough, I suppose. 

Life continued like this for a while until my father's abuse got physical. At that point I outright refused to leave my room some days, school be damned. My mother was apathetic at best about my situation. When I was ten I got into the habit of listening to the family dinner through the wall of my bedroom and pretending I was at the table with them. While in reality my sister told a joke that made my parents laugh, in my head I was the one who told the joke.

Unfortunately all good things must come to an end. When I was 15 I tried to run away and upon being brought back home two days later my father beat me pretty badly. After that point he outright refused to see me and went out of his way to avoid me. He still is indifferent to my existence as far as I know. I am eighteen now and my parents are eager to send me off to college. I'm sure they don't plan on seeing me much after that...

Of course, that's just the backstory. That's right, we're only halfway through this mess! Now I'm going to talk about how fucked up I am in the brain as a result of a lifetime of misery. 

To begin, I'm a fucking idiot. Like, an actual idiot. Kevin levels of intelligence. Beyond stupid. I'm the dumbest motherfucker I have ever met, my hand to god. I constantly am walking into walls, corners, doors, shelves, cabinets, tables, chairs, you name it. If it's a solid object my stupid ass will run into it. I'm very bad at learning new things. I frequently forget and misplace things. My hearing is fine but I can't understand people when they speak. As in, someone will say something and it sometimes takes me like an entire two seconds to understand what they said. On top of all of that my dumb ass has short-term memory problems. The only reason I'm typing a coherent fucking sentence right now is because I'm using a thesaurus and trying as hard as I possibly can to sound even remotely intelligent (being seen as an idiot is one of my thousands of insecurities).

In addition to my stupidity, I'm a fat ugly pile of human fucking garbage so unsightly and atrocious that I literally have a face not even a mother could love. I'm 6'2 and have stress eaten my way up to two-hundred and twenty pounds. I'm a chubby, ugly piece of shit no girl is ever going to turn her head for (except to laugh or do a double-take to make sure they didn't see an ogre). I have a huge, bulbous, ugly nose, long eyelashes, skin more pale than is possible to create in any video game I've ever played, greasy cowlick-y hair and bad teeth on top of a terrible facial structure. Of course, I don't even have to mention the acne and freckles, because even without them I'd be hideous beyond belief. 

Let's see, what else, I'm shit at everything? That kind of goes along with intelligence but there is literally not a single talent, skill or whatever that I'm even remotely good at. I'm shit at everything, ruin everything and should be banned from everything. I have no commitment, meaning I can't go through with anything but that's okay because I have no motivation, meaning I can never start anything anyway. Not to mention that even if I'm committed and motivated, I have anger issues as well. I've also become loud and obnoxious because I got no attention as a kid, so even if someone is crazy enough to (1.) want to date a crazy guy, they'd also have to be willing to date someone that's (2.) clingy, (3.) constantly depressed, (4.) out of shape, (5.) 100% devoid of any skills or talents (6.) clueless of any social interaction, (7.) pretty much objectively ugly, (8.) fat, (9.) stupid as fuck and (10.) immature. To name a *few.*

Now, if you STILL are thick enough to not be convinced that I will die having never had a girlfriend much less having known the touch of a woman, here's the major kicker: a new girl started working at my job and she's very pretty. I saw her, got a rush of excitement and immediately shot myself the fuck down because I knew she'd hate me anyway. My exact thought was something along the lines of "You're an ugly fucking loser and she's gorgeous, don't even fucking bother you have no chance with her. It's not worth the energy you fat piece of shit. Maybe if you lost some weight people would notice you, lardass." I already have a crush on her. She probably hated me the second she looked at me. I'm so fucking ugly. I'm desperate for female attention but even if someone was kind enough to give it to me out of pity I'd just get attached. I got a crush on a middle-aged woman for holding the door open for me the other night. 

People at work call me Fred Flintstone because I'm fat and everyone there thinks I'm annoying, stupid and shit at my job anyway.

I've never felt loved, never will feel loved and will live the rest of my life in misery. Why not kill myself now? I regularly fantasize about myself being killed violently and when not doing so I'm usually reminding myself that no matter what anyone does I'll always be insignificant and worth nothing. I can't wait until I die. Then finally something I've done will cause joy in someone's life. I know there's no god because I've prayed for death for 18 years, so when I kill myself the pain will finally be over. Finally.