Spending the next week as my lastI don't really know where to start besides that I should have been dead almost two years ago and due to unforseen circumstances my life was inadvertantly saved. I apologise if it's very jumbled. I just have a lot of thoughts right now and that's all this really is. For now.

 About two years ago I had gotten back from a deployment and about the last couple months of it, I started to feel really depressed. Nothing I used to like to do was any fun or held any substance for me anymore. Working out, doing anything I used to love to do. It was out of nowhere really. The day I got back I saw my wife waiting there in the rain for me and she was so excited to see me, jumped on me and hugged me yada yada. I didn't feel much though. No excitement, nothing. Well this continued on and I had lost all my drive for anything, work, play etc. I lost all motivation. Anyways a little ways down the road my wife lost her father and things changed between us. A couple months later, for 13 days (I counted) she wouldn't even give me the time of day. Wouldn't talk to me, acknowledge me and was all around apprehensive to be around me. Then one night she just asks me if I still loved her and was happy in the marriage. I said yes of course, and I honestly was and still wanted to be with her, but her answer was opposite of course. 
   
So fast forward and we split, soon thereafter I went to an advanced course for my job, Sapper Leaders. I had wanted to go on that course so bad for so long but not this time. I was still unmotivated to do anything but I did my best and I earned my castle after that grueling course, one of only 8 people out of a class that had started with 40 something. Nonetheless I was still unhappy. That same night I had gotten home and was prepared to off myself with the shotgun that was in my bedroom. Well come to find out, she took it with her to where she moved while I was at the course. So I didn't do it. I decided to see what happens for a while and maybe I'd decide I want to keep living idk. Well my life took a turn for the worse. I became a very bad alcoholic. I drank every single night, from the moment I got off work until 3 AM and would wake up at 4 AM to go to work still hammered. That turned into me totaling multiple vehicles from drunk driving and one DUI. I would blackout multiple times a week and do nothing but go to the bar, play pool and drink my nights away. Hooking up with random females and barely remembering my days. All while I was still active duty. 

 My command could tell I was having problems but only one person out of them bothered to try to help me. Which nothing came of the help because I was basically told by a Psychiatrist that I was beyond help because I didn't know what caused my depression at the start and the divorce only worsened what I was already feeling. So this continued until I got that 1 DUI and I was put into a 5 week rehab program. Didn't drink a single drop that whole time, and nothing changed. I was still sad and didn't want to live. Still unmotivated to do my job, to teach my juniors anything even though I was one of the best ones in the platoon for it. Anyways, after the 5 weeks I was still on restriction (can't leave the barracks and have to report every two hours to the officer of the day until 10 PM, starting at 6 AM). I decided fuck it, I hadn't drank for 45 days and only had 15 days left of restriction, I'm gonna break restriction tonight and go have a few drinks and be back before 6 AM ready to go. Bad move, I ended up so hammered that I broke into a ford dealership just down the road, destroyed some shit and fell asleep in their garage. Woke up to some officers asking if I knew where I was at. I didn't, they arrested me and told me what I did and saw the video. I had no memory of it, still don't. 
  Anyways I bailed myself out of jail and was discharged within the next week, at my original discharge date and honorably still at that. I was lucky and my command did not take action against me for any of it. I stayed around the same town and kept going out. I ended up hooking up with one girl I had my eye on for a while. We were together for a couple of months and I swear I had never been happier in my life. She's perfect, gorgeous and so much fun. She matches my energy so well. Yet, I had decided that I wanted to move. Only 3 hours away though so I figured I could go see her throughout the week and we could stay together. That was not the case, she decided she didn't want that and blocked me on everything. There I was heartbroken again. 

 That one really did a number on me. I had moved and I stopped drinking all together. This is now more recent. This all happened over the span of less than two years, from separating from my wife to now. I moved to VA with a friend of mine and did my thing there for a bit. Still unhappy with how things are. I then started seeing another girl from the previous city that I lived in and would go see her now and then, we weren't official but I liked her a lot. She recently moved and I went to see her. Things weren't the same though, she was very apprehensive around me and the energy was totally off. Kind of felt like negative energy towards me. So I left the very next day. I then decided that on my way back that I would take a little vacation for myself and see what's out there in the other states. I stayed in Arkansas for a few days, went to some state park and it was beautiful. Did some partying, just living it up. Stayed somewhere in Illinois for a night too. I decided that it's my last ditch effort to try to have some fun again. Before I go. 

Here's what I haven't really said. Any time I go out, I usually go out alone. I do a lot of things alone, always have. Go to the bar, strip club whatever. Out to eat, alone, anything I do is usually by myself. I do have friends and always did so I'm not your usual loner. I actually prefer to do things by myself, I don't really know why. I'm usually pretty private and keep a lot of things to myself and I always have, always will. I would go out with friends here and there because it does get lonely sometimes always going by myself but at the same time, any time I would go with my friends it was always me asking them and not them asking me. With an acception of 2  people who would ask me here and there as well. I find that I would meet a lot more people and make some good acquaintances when I would be by myself. It was fun for me. I do get tired of not being thought of though. It has always been like that, I'm always the first to text or check on someone, or see if they want to hang out. It sucks. I'm more of a popular loner, I know a ton of people and we're all cool with each other and hangout when I'm around but no one hits me up when I'm gone. 

   Anyways I've been hurting for the past two years, and should have been dead so many times Idek anymore. Around 6, but every time I walk away from said situations without a scratch. Like the luckiest unlucky person that I know. I've caused myself so much pain and I'm tired of not enjoying anything anymore. Not like I would have time to enjoy anything if I did because I'm probably going back to jail soon because of what I did the last time I was blackout drunk, breaking into that dealership. For some reason I thought I might have enjoyed life if I stayed alive to see what happened but I've done nothing but wreak havoc on my own life and cause a lot of pain, isolation and loneliness. Even without drinking I still do have very bad self damaging habits. I don't enjoy life anymore and to be honest it is very underwhelming and boring to me. Nothing really excites me anymore or satisfies me. I can't even be satisficed (The idea that something isn't exactly satisfying but also not unsatisfying). I find no substance in my life and I feel like I have nothing left to offer the world nor does it to me. I just want to be gone. I just want some peace, to get out of my own head. I don't really have a reason to be here anymore and I'm tired of being a nuisance not only to myself but others too. I figure this will be my last week here, and I'll enjoy what I can. 

Sorry for being so long.