I don’t have an interesting titleThis is really long btw. So if nobody reads it I understand

I don’t even know how to start this off. I’m just in so much pain. My mind has become my prison. I have so much self hatred. I’m also self destructive. 

I moved halfway across the country after high school cause I thought it’d make me happy. Start new and leave all the negative behind. Move in with my dad and start working full time. I eventually move out to my own place. I was so unhappy about my job. I would also feel embarrassed to tell people where I worked. 

So my new mission was to find a better job. Family member hooked me up with a really great job. For a 21 year old kid with no degree this job was great. I was prob making too much money for someone my age lol. A lot of dumb spending and lots of drunk nights. 

The job really did help me out. I use to live in this duplex that had nasty carpet. I had no furniture and I had no plates or anything of that nature. Just my bedroom stuff, one entertainment center with a tv in my living room, and some rickety old stained blue recliner. 

Eventually I put down wood floors and furnished my entire place from top to bottom in a matter of months. I even opened up a good credit card and started building my credit. Was the first time in my life I was able to save money and not live paycheck to paycheck. Lol I even had a health savings account that later paid to have my wisdom teeth removed. I really went far and I was proud of myself for once. 

It just wasn’t enough though. I was still in so much pain. A job I loved turned into a job I loathed. I think I was genuinely happy for a couple months max. I ended up working there for two years and some change. 

I left when I decided I should go to school. I’m in a town with a great school and my family has gone to this school for generations. So I put in a month notice at my job and started taking steps to get myself ready for the college life. 

My first semester was a breath of fresh air. I loved it. I loved going to class and doing something I actually wanted to do. That lasted for a whole semester and a minimester. My next full semester? I almost failed this semester. I was very close to getting out on academic suspension. I stopped going to class halfway through. I don’t even know if I want to do it anymore.

I’m just running in circles. I think something will be good for me and I go and do it. It helps for s couple of months then I’m back to square one. The amount of hate I have for myself in just ridiculous. I don’t think I hate anything even remotely close tot he way I hate myself. 

At my school getting your ring is a big deal. Man I cannot fucking wait to get it either. But after I get it then what? Will it really make me happy?What happens when I finish my degree? Will I be happy then? Will I want more? What happens when I get a job I want? Will that be the turning point? Nothing is enough for me. It just keeps going. It’s a never ending pursuit of nothing. Fucking nothing. 

I’m visiting my friends in another state right now. 
Reconnected with an old friend. (Not the one I’m staying with). Things went well and things kind of flames out. Wasn’t good. This year comes around and things actually go through. She was very standoffish though after we were with each other the first night. I thought maybe I did something wrong. She continued to be short with me the next day. Then I went and got hammered for the football game and sent some dumb ass drunk texts and I think I’ve really fucked it up now. She didn’t even want to talk to me the next day after.

We are suppose to do something tonight for New Years. However, I feel that won’t go through. I just went a fucked it all up with some stupid drunk texts man. 

I just can’t get a win and if I do get a win it helps me out for a month. 

I’m a hypocrite, a liar, selfish, and just about everything else. I’m just out here dying and I’m getting closer everyday to just saying “fuck it”. I just don’t know how much more I can take. I’ve been dealing with since this I was 15. I just didn’t know what I was when I was that young. 

I don’t know how far into 2018 I’m going to make it. 2018 might be the last year of my existence. 