I am 21, feel like I will never go anywhere, and I am absolutely dissatisfied with any of my accomplishments, feeling suicidal.**\*TRIGGER WARNING\***

Eating disorder and suicide mention.

&amp;#x200B;

Hi. I am a 21 year old woman from the Midwestern USA. I am so sad, all the time. Yeah, I am "only 21" but I am SO far behind my peers to the point of where I feel like I will never "catch up" or anything of the sort. Even the small victories I have made lately, like buying my first car (a 2013 Mazda)  feel like a fraud, since the only reason I was able to afford it was because of stimulus payments, taking 10+ hours of overtime a week for a month, and borrowing $1500 from my friend. I've never had a job for more than 9 months consecutively. I just can't ever stay focused on one thing, and I may be a bit lazy. I look around and see all the people I went to high school with graduating college, getting into serious relationships, getting married, having children, and its so piercing, because I feel like I will never have these. I have had a severe binge/restrict eating disorder since I was 14, and I am a little overweight in this present moment. I have had a troubled past with addiction, sexual promiscuity, and I barely graduated high school. I grew up in an emotionally neglectful household, and had severe ADHD in which I was never treated for my whole childhood.

All I want is to have my own family, my own love, my own place, to be physically attractive, and happy. But I feel like people like me, we don't get that. I've never done anything worthwhile. I am struggling severely with what is going on in the world right now. I feel like it will never end. I can't make any progress while this is going on, and I am working from home which is incredibly lonely. I just feel so hopeless. I feel like, this is the last straw. The universe is telling me "Over\_troubled water, you don't deserve happiness, you don't deserve anything" . I am stuck and cannot make any further progress for the foreseeable future. 

I am SO tired. Exhausted. I can't escape my mind, or my past. I feel like I will never have the things I want. I can only work so hard for these too, is the problem. Yeah, I could continue to hustle and work overtime and do all this to get my own apartment or something, but that will never give me the love or the happiness I truly want. I know, I know, you have to make yourself happy. But what if you've done everything you can to try and make yourself happy? What if you just... want someone to take care of you once? What if you just want a winning season once in your life? 

Why are so of us made to suffer like this? I know everyone has problems.. but this cannot be normal. It can't be normal, or healthy to feel this way. 

I just want to die. Or disappear. I've tried everything. Medication, therapy, exercise and sunlight, nothing ever helps my underlying sadness.