I hate my life.You all probably know a person who is such a loser that the status feeds off itself (no one wants to invite a loser). That's me. No lover, no friends, no real positive contribution to anyone or anything. My roommates secretly hate me. I've probably ruined the flat for them with my presence, or when I pathetically suggest bringing me along to events. 

On my trip home my parents seemed pretty annoyed at me the whole time. About a few days mother finally snapped, screaming that a guy as ugly as me won't be attractive  unless I make 100K and that I could be if I weren't lazy and unambitious. I have an ok job, it pays 28K. That line did get to me though. In general I don't have much to offer other people. I'm not fun to be around, pretty much everyone hates me after five minutes. Behold the anti-triple threat: ugly, poor, and boring.

Life is dreary. Time lays waste to your dreams, body, and opportunities. The hours are long and the years short. I used to think that I hadn't been aggressive enough in getting what I wanted, that I wasn't playing the game of life well. Turns out I just suck. I'm not going to say things were better in the past, they've always been stupid and tedious. The difference now is that this is all of my doing. If everyone you touch is lame, who else can you blame?

That's why I am going to go missing, indefinitely. I thought about cleaning up my stuff and leaving a note, but that would be pointless after I'm gone. Is this a rational move? I hemmed and hawed for a bit. The boilerplate answers are of course: permanent solution to a temporary problem, only one life, etc. There's the problem: a permanent problem. There's no use in trying anymore. Even switching to magical thinking mode and asking what would make life worth living results in me drawing a blank.

The consequences of a man's death depends on his reputation and connectedness. In my case, that'll just be family. They'll get over it with time. We are born, live a while, and die. Just on the news recently, 15 Pakistanis were shredded/ incinerated by a drone missile.