Praying for a Nuke to Hit...Hey,

I'm feeling really low lately. I have always been a very expressive and emotional person and in the past I would find catharsis in venting or letting myself just 'feel' (going on an angry walk, crying because things feel so bad) for a while. I think the extreme emotional reactions came from a need to have other people see and care about my pain.

Somehow, over time, I have stopped expecting people to care about my pain. I don't cry or yell or talk much extensively about how bad I feel, and when I do vent to friends I never feel any catharsis, it feels like nothing I do matters or affects anything. I've slowly become hyperaware of how draining I am to others, so I avoid reaching out or expecting support until things are unbearable and then when I do feel justified in venting, no response feels like it measures up and I feel like maybe what was upsetting me doesn't matter to anybody else.

I guess I'm just not bothering to talk about my feelings anymore because what is the point? Every day is awful, I don't even have a bad life objectively, my mood just changes on a dime after things that most people would consider very small. The pain of being alive has gone from gushing out of me every few days to throbbing and festering in my chest, growing by the day.

I could complain - but why? This is life. Nothing will change. This is what I have to look forward to. Things didn't get better, they got worse, even while my life from the outside looks better. 

I think about suicide a lot. I used to never be able to picture killing myself even when I was depressed, except in a melodramatic 'then they would be sorry' way. I did not want to die. Now I wish I was dead a lot and on one level it's very scary but on another I feel numb and like there's no way to stop this slow motion car crash.

I have 2 big reasons I haven't tried to kill myself. First is how unreliable most methods are, leaving a corpse, etc... I would hate to attempt and then wake up with my partner in tears over my failing body in a hospital. Pain no longer matters to me.

2nd and biggest reason is the people who would miss me or feel guilty if I was gone. I dont think I will actually be able to make a serious plan unless that obstacle is eliminated, but obviously things can change.

Because of the above I keep wishing a nuke would hit my city. My family and friends would all die, too - obviously I don't wish they were dead, but then nobody would have to feel bad and I wouldn't be leaving somebody behind.

Thank you for letting me vent. This is the first time I've been really, truly suicidal and I am honestly afraid but I don't know what else to do.