Because of religious conflicts between me(Christian) and my family(Buddhism), I feel really depressed and I think about suicide everyday.I (F17) live with my parents who strongly believe in Buddhism. I have an elder brother and elder sister. They both believe in that religion too. My brother once served as a Buddhist monk when he was 18. We live in a small country in Asia (from the information given above, you'd probably figure out where it is). I was born and raised in Buddhist community. My ID card shows that I'm Buddhist, even though I don't have a chance to choose or say a word. 
When I was in 9th grade, I met some new friends at school. And I could get along very well with my best friend named "Sam". She is my favorite friend of all time, and especially she is Christian. I could say that I learned a lot from her about Christ and Christian communiny. I fell in love with the story of bible. Finally I decided to go to church after school with Sam's family ( my parents didn't know this) I told them I had to do homework with Sam. I went to church for about 2 hours and came back home, pretended like nothing happened. I usually do this when I have a chance. I know that's not nice but I love Jesus, I love God, and I love everyone there. 
After that I stopped showing my faith in Buddhism. At the temple, I didn't pressed my palms together in order to pray for the Buddha. I stayed still, stayed quiet and respected their belief. Unfortunately, some people there(kind of religious person) noticed me. They asked my parents out loud like "Why don't your daughter press her palms together?" and I knew my parents had no idea! We went back home and then the religion war started. I told them how much I love God, but they didn't even listen to what I was saying. They kept telling me how good Buddha is. They called my brother and sister (they live in other city) to inform them that I was turning to be a bad person who believe in Christ. The religion that they don't understand and will not try to understand. My sister said I'm stupid, she told me that the story in Bible is hard to believe and so fake. What really upsets me is that her saying I'm a bad child because I make my parents feel embarassed all the time. My brother seems to agree with that. But he didn't say anything because he probably realized that what my sister said hurts me enough. No matter what they say or what they do, they can't stop me from loving God. I tried to go back and tried to believe in their religion cause I want to stop all of these problems but I don't know why I can't. Even though they hit me or slap me on my face, they cannot change me.
Right now the situation seems to be more intense. Bad words coming to me and hurt my feeling everyday. In the past, when I was getting bored of school, I realized that there are people who love me waiting for me at home. But now I feel like I have on one there. I'm all alone. Everyone hates me. Maybe what I'm doing is wrong?  I don't understand why this happens. Why people are so mean to me? 
I wish I was born in other places where people believe in Christ like me. Why am I here.. Sometimes I want to die. I know I'm Christian and it's wrong. But you'd understand if you were me. Sometimes it's just too much and I can't deal with my feeling. I'm not sure I have depression or something. I just want to die to escape this. Sorry if my story confuses you in some part. I'm not good at writing. Thank you for reading my (silly) story. It means a lot to me. 