My Untold Story (Help)Ok, so I don't know how to start this story off so I'll start from the beginning. I was a kid who could make friends easily starting off and was very talkative. My parents divorced when I was three and whenever I would go to my dads lets just say he was a little more ruff with me... I still remember when he said to me "why are you running away from me every time I get close?". Whenever I think of him saying that it still gets me mad because he should know why. When I started to get older I didn't talk as much and it became a little harder to make friends. I would start to become depressed and think of cutting my self to release my pain inside when I was in grade six. In grade eleven I did what I was thinking of doing all those years, cutting my self, the reason why is because I had a breaking point. It was because of my mom and my step dad I am not going to get into the detail about the arguments but it made me take a razor to my leg. I didn't just do it once, I did it when ever I couldn't control my pain. If I wasn't cutting my self I would punch a solid wood dresser in my room which would also calm me down. The problem with that is that my knuckles started to swell and hurt a lot. Lately I have been thinking of committing suicide kinda of like how I was in grade six thinking about cutting myself. It kinda feels like deja vu to me, It was just a thought of committing suicide but lately I have been thinking of how I would do it and it's progressing. I also think I am bipolar because I am happy one day then depressed another not wanting to do anything or talk to friends, etc. I  have never told anyone this nor does anyone know about what's happening inside of me. I don't know why I do this but whenever I am around anyone I study them if you would say. In other words I try to think of what they are about to do or what they are thinking of. I have become really good at it for some odd reason and I really don't know why I do this. Lastly a lot of my friends ask me about advice or they need me to support them through what ever is going on. The sad part is I am way more fucked up then them and they don't even know. The reason why I have came to reddit is because I will most likely never go to a therapies of any sort and I only feel comfortable asking people on reddit. So I really don't know what I am trying to find but I need help from you guys it would be great to have your input.