It is here....so close and happy to endI have been here before.....and someone managed to stop me from going....someone i have lost it seems...

I am just so broken.....so lonely....i do not think i can hold on any longer....i feel like

i am in a dark hole that's sucking me deeper in....and i know that i will go...it is set for the 5th of November.

I only hope i can just hold on a little longer until then.

I am not afraid, i feel happy actually....strange how one can go from being afraid of death, to feeling glad knowing it will come soon....

I didn't ask for anything in life, maybe just the feeling of love, to have someone love you unconditionally and to offer the same kind of love and trust back. Not parents love or friends love.....but the kind of love from someone who'd like to spend the rest of her life with me...and as much as i tried, it was all just.....nothing....no one....

I have had bad luck my entire life.....was so unlucky that i had an accident happen to one of my eyes when i was about 11yo, which had me go through a lot of pain and surgeries....after that, everything got worse and all went downhill for me.....everytime...

And now after 29 years of life, everything just collapses around me....the pain inside me, i am not able to hold it back anymore and it hurts so so much....

I just want it to stop already. If i had access to a gun, i wouldn't even think about "what am i doing?"...just straight pull the trigger to my head and end it all....but i dont have that option...

I wear a mask every day.....laughing but pretending....having fun but pretending....

I am so so so tired of everything....just so tired. But it will end soon. Of that i am certain and so sure.

To those of you out there that are reading this....i will be here until the 5th November, unless something happens that changes me, although there's nothing...

I hope you can overcome the pain you are going through and can keep plowing on through life...i hope you all can be stronger than me and go on....because for me its all done.