Okay fine here is me, and a reason why I'm just done, I don't expect you to read all of itHi, I'm Cosmo, I'm 18, I'm in the UK, and a straight white male. Very white, like paper white 

I was diagnosed with depression and autism back in November 2019, by CHAMS, it took them about 6 years too long but that's CHAMS for you. In 2015 I was homeachooled by my mother and a homeschooling group called BHEC. I was pulled from school due to bullying and the schools inability to provide me with an adequate education because I had a learning disability and they were very discriminative against people like me

So I went to BHEC in September 2017 and started my GCSEs a little late, I was only doing English and maths at the time, I hated going to BHEC because the tutors weren't the best, but nonetheless I took my exams and failed both, mainly because I didn't revise throughout the year, this was entirely my fault because of my motivation

Through out 2017 I constantly argued with my mother about my school work and this is were I started to get depressed **note that I am not saying that my current situation is because of my mother, I love her more than anything in the world and I couldn't have done what I have done today without her**.

I joined Air Training Corps in 2015 too, and that provided me with a lot of good times, and quickly rose to corporal on 2017 but that's also when I had a small incedent that made me loose all motivation for cadets, which was a severe blow because its the thing I did to escape school work at least twice a week

So yes fast forward to 2018 when I had my exams results, as I said I failed both. This completely shot me down, I didn't expect high marks but it hurt that they were that low. And so I decided to try again in September 2018 but also doing physics

And I got a new tutor, Nigel. He was the best person I've ever met, he was so good at his job, so I enjoyed my lessons. Come exam time 2019 I felt like shit still, because I know that revised so fucking hard for my exams it's almost impossible, and that mind set was admittedly toxic

So when my results came back i as shocked to find I had passed them all, except maths because that's was a foundation exam so the highest I could get was a D and I got a D so I was pretty happy with that. This made me feel great

And then the best part, college. I applied for college a week after my exam results and I was too excited, not to bore you with details, I attended in September 2019 and Holy shit was it good, I've never felt so happy in my life, in in actual college, doing engineering, it was like pure euphoria

March 2020. Although I loved college I had my end of year exams on the horizon and i was anxious but I was prepared and I was so happy that I get to end my college year on a good note

Lockdown, I had an email "attention all (college name) college students, as of the 14th of March 2020 you will no longer be allowed to attend any of the campuses for face 2 face learning, we apologise for the inconvenience, all learning will be suspended and you will receive updates about you exams"

This killed me mentally, the one thing I had to cling on for stability was now removed. I felt like I had just been struck down. I was thrown into the worst depressive episode of my life, and did well to conceal it from my parents. I felt helpless, hopeless, sad, guilty, and pathetic for feeling like this over the fact that I can learn in a college

I dwindled in my room for months as all I heard about was shit about COVID, death tolls, 2020 disasters etc. And I barely left my room, however. In June I received a car for free from my cousin, that is another long story I'm not willing to get into yet. But needless to say I was ecstatic that I some how now just own a car, I got my provisional licence and chucked some temporary insurance and I drove a lot. And I mean a lot, and I had lessons from an instructor and my mother

August time my instructor and mother said they were shocked with how quickly I picked up driving and said I should be ready for my theory test. I failed, not by a lot, by one point, and that is what hurt the most. I frisked my theory by one point. That made me depressed again

And I stopped driving since, mainly because I lost motivation and couldn't afford insurance 

Roll September 2020, college again, I could actually start back and I was so excited. I attended for a week then I received my time table. This is what threw me into the deepest depression Ive had, I had one day a week, one day a wekk in college. That means 6 days a week to sit around in my house with fuck all to do and to sit with my thoughts

I did eventually get 2 days a week but that's not great still

Present day, I'm writing this as I sit on my bed trying to do maths homework that I just can't do, and It makes me lose hope when I can't do one question, and I've got hundreds of questions to do before the 10th of December otherwise I can't be put in for maths GCSE intermediate tier, and I need a C in that to be able to progress to next year's college course

Form Lockdown in also incredibly fat, I'm drastically overweight, not obsese but enough to fracture my image because I have fucking stretch marks. I have no motivation to do any exercise and ive tried to fast or stop eating so much but I can't, I realised I don't have the 'will power'

I'm sitting here also dreading the maths and how I can do it before the 10th, considering how awful I am at maths, well GCSE maths, I'm good at higher level engineering and electronics math but no general shit which is unfortunate for me. I have bad a breakdown over the question, "Sally buys 36 packets if sweets, each containing 27 sweets, how may weets will Sally have in total?"

That's broken me and I can't progress, even worse that it's the first set of questions, I still have 20+ more

So here I am, Cosmo, the unintelligent, unmotivated, ugly, overweight and actively seeking suicide, mess.

I just want to end myself, and there is no one I can turn to, not even parents, and I don't want to KMS, I have too much guilt