Fight erupts with gf, exposes my secrets at the top of her lungs.Hello I've been in a dying relationship for the past.... year.And through lies and denial ive been stringing it out making mistakes and it generally getting worse and worse. We Have been together a long time, but for much of that time I lied about being into kinky sex, I was molested by my older female cousin which led me to connect submission with eroticism for me... anyway, too bad I discovered porn as a lad all the templates for someone who already had strong feelings.

it started to interfere in our sex life, she developed a strong libido, but i lied lied lied didnt tell her what i was into, i got anxious, she took it as rejection. She would keep giving me chances and id fuck it up, lose it during sex, and that cycle repeated and repeated it was terrible emotionally abusive for both of us her cuz i essentially denying her sex and me shed always criticism and silent treatment to me....even after i came clean, i saw a therapist... maybe it was too late by then. she couldnt support and work with me, i had to confirm her beliefs that i wasnt even attracted to her. i stopped seeing therapist it wasnt working out. It all comes down to this. That I've sabotaged the best relationship of my life, sabotaged my own in the process, getting all WU's this semester, i chronically hate myself  all my life and have half attempted this before in high school. Anyway, we had a fight huge screaming she shouts:sorry you picked femdom porn over me" over and over my parents hear it upstairs, rest of my family. I really do have suicidal thoughts casually and really feel like i cant handle this situation you can only use so many drugs to escape but it doesnt change  and im thousands in debt and i know how unfair it is but i really want to kill myself... very few things make me stop and say fuck i cant do that for example i run a food pantry there are a lot of hungry people who rely on it. But like i said on the other hand i really cant handle this and i want to die :(