My dad might be planning on killing himself.  I don't know what to do.I just got off the phone with him and it sounds really bad.  I'm sorry if this is long, but I want to go over as much history that's relevant.

Several months ago my dad lost his job when they randomly drug-tested him and found out he smoked pot recently.  He's spent 25+ years working his ass off in the natural gas industry being severely underappreciated.  Now he's blacklisted in that field because of the circumstances of his firing.  He told me that even the thought of working again makes him sick.  He's just so sick of busting his ass and not being appreciated for it.  It seems he has no desire to even want to get a new job.  After he lost his job, he and my mom had planned on starting a business selling concert ticket collectibles, but he tells me my mom just lost interest in it and wouldn't let him do what he wanted to do so now he just lays in bed almost all day.  A few months ago he attempted suicide.

Yesterday I got an e-mail from my mom that they decided to get a divorce.  Apparently life back home is not going so well.  They had been going to couples therapy, but they had to stop because they just couldn't afford it anymore since my dad stopped working.  My parents hate each other and can't stand being in the same room together.  From what my dad tells me, my mom stopped loving him years ago.  He considers being home with my mom to be hell and just wants out now.

He's planning on moving out but he has no money and no job.  I asked him what his plan was, and he told me he doesn't know.  He's planning on just leaving all his possessions behind and starting anew with nothing.  He said once he leaves he probably won't contact me again since he won't have a phone or an e-mail address.  I asked again him how he would get by and he said he didn't know and that he'll either find a way or he won't and die.

He's currently on anti-depression medication, but I don't even know if he is taking it.  When I asked him about it, he said he doesn't even care anymore and that it's too late for him.  When I showed my worry for him, he told me that he wasn't going to kill himself today or tomorrow.  But that's as far down the line as he would say.  He held his composure until the end of the conversation when out of the blue he told me that he was proud of me.  I told him that I loved him and he said he loved me and then, crying uncontrollably, he told me goodbye and hung up.

Please SW, what can I do??  He lives in Las Vegas and I live in Florida and our line of communication is getting cut as soon as he moves out.  I don't know what to do.