Nowhere left for me to goI’m in my early 30s now and I’ve been living with depression as far back as I can remember really. There’s no event, or upbringing that caused this, it’s just been a part of who I’ve been for so long, and I think I’ve gone as far as I can go. 

The last few years I’ve been distancing myself from absolutely everybody in my life. I’ve managed to push away everyone, other than my partner, who is at their last end with me as well and will soon be another memory along with the other friends and family I’ve all pushed out already. 

When I was a teenager, I’d typically come out of my depression episodes by realizing the negative impact it would have on the people around me if I were to kill myself. However in recent times, I’ve realized that me staying around is actually the negative impact on these people. The initial shock will undoubtedly be a lot for them, but I know a weight will be lifted immediately from my partners shoulders/life when and if I ever muster up enough courage to go through with it. 

I know the generic responses to this are: “you’re not a negative impact on people” etc etc, but I truly am and I’ve accepted this. If you knew me, you’d make a quick dart for the door as well. My presence  has simply become soul crushing for anyone that gets to know the true me. All it would take to turn this around, would be to stop doing the negative behaviors that have led me to this soul crushing existence, I just don’t feel like that’s possible. 

My two options are to isolate myself completely from society, which is next to impossible in reality, or to kill myself. I’ve never really had the courage to do it myself, several lame attempts along with half-assed excuses and also with purposely putting myself into dangerous situations in hopes that I wouldn’t have to do it myself. But it seems as if death only comes to the good at this age, not the bad. We are left to poison those around us for what feels like an eternity, while all the good sons, daughters, husbands, wives, brothers and sisters are taken away early.