hey...I’m diagnosed with depression and anxiety. I attempted suicide 7 months ago, and I was sent to a hospital which I graduated from 5 months ago. I’ll be turning 16 in less then a month. The other day, I tried to change that.

I don’t enjoy school, but ever since we’ve been home for quarantine, it’s lessened my symptoms a bit. At least I don’t get tripped on the bus or pushed to the ground in gym class like I was before.

Anyways, that morning for my English class we were assigned to write an essay on depression. I thought, *"Well I know all about that, and I love to write. This should be easy."* But then, I looked over the rules again, and I had to provide a video source, an article, and a music source on my works cited page in order to get full credit. No biggie, right?

Wrong. Looking for the song and article was easy. But when I searched for suicide prevention short films on youtube, I unintentionally signed myself up for a depression fit. 

The first one I watched, I thought it was too graphic for school. So I watched a different one, which led me to another, and another. I was falling down a rabbit hole, and with each video I watched, the more I envied everyone who died. At least their pain stopped, and they could finally rest in peace.

I don't remember when exactly I started crying, but soon I found myself getting up from bed and wandering around the house, still watching the videos on my phone. In an attempt to tell viewers that suicide is not the answer, actors in these types of short films simulate a suicide. I saw all the methods: slitting the wrists/throat, overdose on painkillers or sleeping pills, hanging, gunshot to the head, jumping in front of a train, etc. When I finally looked up from the screen, I found myself standing in my kitchen... holding a bottle of acetaminophen. 

It was a shocking thing - normally my first instinct was always the knife. That's what I used when I attempted before. But I opened the bottle and took a handful of pills. I just stared at them for a while, noting the color and size. After doing a quick glance at the drug facts on the bottle and a google search on how much to overdose, I put them back. With the amount of pills I'd have to swallow, it simply wasn't worth the effort. I could find a much easier way. I opened the fridge and saw the wine my mom had bought for Easter before the whole quarantine thing blew up. Bingo. However, downing half a glass made me instantly relaxed, and I forgot about taking more. I just laid in bed with alcohol on my breath and tear stains on my cheeks, and eventually fell asleep again.

Now I feel pathetic that I didn't succeed. And my mom knows about what I did, but she and everyone else I've talked to about it obviously said they didn't want me to die, this too shall pass, yada yada yada. NO. Depression just doesn't go away. Until they go through it themselves, they'll never know how I feel. I just want my pain to stop and finally rest. 

It's so difficult. Everyday is a blur, and time goes on without ever really meaning anything to me. Things I used to love have no effect on me anymore. I don't trust anyone anymore. My few friends and frustrating family only make things worse by "supporting me." The words they say to me won't matter, because to me, depression is a dark sea. I'm submerged and anything making noises on the surface sounds garbled and inaudible. Unless someone pulls me up to breathe, I'll drown. When I attempted before, going to the hospital was like being given an oxygen tank. I could somewhat stay alive, but I was still submerged in the sea of sadness. And oxygen tanks run out eventually. Mine did, and I'm back to gasping for breath. I've spent so long treading water beneath the surface that my body is getting tired. I might just let myself stop fighting at this point, and sink into the abyss below.

The only person I feel I can really talk to about this kind of stuff is my English teacher. He and I both have mental health struggles, and we share the passion of writing that will never die no matter how depressed we are. I've told him about some of the less intense things I've gone through, but I'm holding out on the important stuff (being raped, abused by a pedophile, attempting suicide, self harming, etc.) because I'm scared that as his authority as a teacher, he'll report me to my school counselor who will report me to the hospital. Many of my other teachers have done so. Nobody ever thinks to talk about these sort of things. It's just a game of hot potato, screaming, "Who wants to handle the suicidal freak?" No one does. No one except him. I want to tell him. I can tell him more than I can tell my friends and family, that's for damn sure. But I just can't push myself to do so in fear of being sent to that horrible place again. They never treated the patients like they were supposed to. We got screamed at for crying and telling the clinicians we needed a moment to breathe. It was a suffocating environment where cops were called if someone refused to leave a room because they were simply having a panic attack. I saw a girl get carried out in handcuffs because the clinician wouldn't give her a glass of water and she began panicking because of dehydration. They, *"saw her as a threat."* 

I'm sorry for this post being so long. I guess I got carried away by ranting. I just want someone to hug me but with quarantine, that can never happen.