Getting to be too muchI gave up on the antidepressants I was taking about half a year ago because they made certain parts of my life dull and numb, and at the time I was in a long distance relationship with a girl who was great at understanding my problems and making me feel like she genuinely cared about me. About a month or so ago she broke up with me without warning, two weeks before we had plans to meet, because she had met someone else and she couldn't be with me anymore. Obviously this hurt me and left me scrambling and aimless, but I've been doing my best not to let it dominate me and trying to pick myself back up. 

I switched to new antidepressants a week ago because I've been slipping worse and worse and thinking suicidal thoughts for hours every night at work or home. This morning it got so bad I looked up information on my antidepressants in order to find out if I could overdose on them and I've thought about it four or five times since then. I think I'm still okay because I haven't tried anything yet and the antidepressants haven't had enough time to do their work, but it's scaring me more and more.

Look, I know everyone's got relationship troubles and I know it hurts like hell. I know my problems aren't special and I can't pretend they are. But I've struggled my whole life with relationships. I'm 26 and I haven't been intimate with anyone! And every time I get close to someone, friend or romantic interest, they push me away. Every person I've called a best friend cut contact with me. Every romantic interest, despite what they would say, were not willing to actually be with me. I don't know why. It became a fear of mine, being abandoned by people I cared about, and my ex was wonderful to me for many reasons but she alleviated that fear. She actually got through my depression and made me feel cared about, and I felt really healthy and like I was making progress because of her! And then to just be cut off again without warning, to have her do to me exactly what I was afraid of happening despite knowing I was afraid of that... it's like none of that healthiness and happiness mattered. I mean, I was suicidal before, but now I don't know how much more I can take.

I still have immediate goals, but it's becoming excruciating to get through day after day like this. I just want to get over it, to not feel like such a fucking failure with people and with myself and focus on other goals for now, but I'm not letting myself. I just want to have someone close to me again. I just want to feel like someone cares again.

Half the reason I'm writing this is to just get it out of my system (I think it worked because I'm crying, hahaha) but thank you if you took the time to read it. Some words of encouragement would mean the world to me but don't feel pressured to say anything. Thank you so much.