I don't really see a point to going onI feel inconsequential. For the past few years, I've been dealing a lot with depression, but I haven't really dealt with it. Usually I just tough it out, bury myself in work, try to avoid self-reflection by filling the time with other things, etc. But I'm finishing my first semester of college and I feel like I've really hit a wall.
It started off really well. I felt like I had made a lot of friends fairly quickly, I got into some fairly exclusive student groups and I overall felt like I finally found the kind of meaning to life that I lacked in high school. For the first time I even had someone of the opposite sex express interest in me. Over the course of this semester though, it just seems to have fallen apart. I went through several different groups of friends, and every time it feels like it's ended disastrously. I'm no longer on speaking terms with virtually any of the friends I had when I got here. I feel like I'm beginning to falter in all my extracurricular commitments, forgetting lines in plays, messing up in performances, and I feel how much of burden I am on my peers. I've known for several years that I'm not the best at making friends, and keeping those friendships going. But I'm beginning to notice even more how unnecessary and even detrimental I am to the lives of the people I'm around. 
I recently had an argument with a friend, and we are no longer on speaking terms. What makes it worse is that all of our mutual friends have taken her side. What's worse is that I don't know if they're justified or not. I felt like I had been in the right at the time, but ultimately it just feels like another instance in a long cycle of failed friendships.
Since then, it's only felt worse. All of my friendships feel like their entirely dependent on partying. The only time I feel wanted now is when I'm wasted, and last night I didn't even feel that. I just feel like I'm completely forgettable. I don't have any strong friendships, and ultimately I will be forgotten my everyone here. 
Ultimately, I'm probably the most successful I've ever been. I'm doing well in my classes and I can see my academics improving. But it all feels completely meaningless because my personal life is so empty. 