Please read and comment if you have anything useful to addMy name is Nicki and I live in the UK.  My (and so far only) suicide attempt was 23 years ago.  What I learnt from it is that you don't attempt unless you are going to do it properly - I was hospitalised and the time I spent there was too horrific to describe.  Effectively a mandatory psych hold is a form of imprisonment, even though you have done nothing to harm anyone else. It is shocking, humiliating, frightening, degrading, and traumatic.  

I am writing this in the hope that it will progress the 'right to die', not only in the UK but all over the world.  In some countries, euthanasia is permitted but mainly for those who already have a terminal illness.   Almost every first world country now accepts as a basic human right that one has a 'right to life'.  Surely there must be a corresponding and opposite right to "not live" if that is what an individual chooses!?

Yes, there are socio-political issues in that if all those who are not in the 1-2% of the elite might all choose to die and then who would do the dirty work that the elite don't want to?  Some people even subscribe to the notion that you are the property of the government and therefore do not have the right to choose your fate.  Then there is the reality that, in effect, employment is modern-day slavery., albeit physically kinder.  The destructive effect of not having employment is total.  You are cut off from colleagues as a method of socialisation.   You are castigated as 'lazy'.  Your income is reduced to such an extent that survival is almost impossible.  Yet when you are employed you spend a significant amount of time and energy trying not to upset the employer for fear you might lose your job.. Either option is going to make you feel insecure and uneasy. 

There is an attempt in the UK at the moment to make mental illness less of a stigma.  Frankly, it is an embarrassment.  There have been adverts on the television showing 'politically correct' ways to approach an employee who has been off work with depression.  They are so laughably pathetic that if anyone approached me this way, I would simply laugh in their face, albeit that I would be dying inside.  If 25% of the population will suffer diagnosed mental health issues in their lifetime, wouldn't it just make sense to treat everyone normally?!  I menton diagnosed issues because there is a far greater section of the population who suffer without going to a doctor/clinician and having a formal diagnosis. 

Of course there must be some safeguards around the right to death.  One cannot simply rock up at a clinic and say "I exercise my right to die, right now".  The thought might be an impulse as a result of situational circumstances.  However, over the past 23 years, I have wanted to die (for the most part) continuously.  Sure there have been distractions from time to time but generally speaking, I have not been engaged and occupied by the life provided to me.   Just how long do I have to suffer before someone concludes I am serious?

The reality is that suicide attempts are either unlikely to succeed (eg overdose) or incredibly painful (jumping off a high building or in front of a train).  I had no choice as to whether I was brought into existence.   Why should I have to risk involuntary incarceration or unbearable pain in order to achieve non-existence?  Instead, I have chosen the 'slow but sure' route of neglecting my health and developing habits which supposedly will ensure I die.  What do I mean by that?  Well for the last seven years I have stopped taking medication to lower my blood pressure and cholesterol, drunk daily in excess of the weekly recommended limits of alcohol, I smoke, I eat a lot of processed and fatty foods....let me tell you that these habits, whilst I am sure they are not the best for health, do not necessarily lead to death, despite what the medical professionals say.  All that happens is that you suffer the same difficulties but with a less healthy body.  I would never have thought when I started this that I would still be alive seven years later.  In some respects jumping in front of a train would be less painful in the long run, if only I could get over the fear. 

Three months ago, I took my dog to a specialist veterinary practice to have her liver cancer staged.  She was put under anaesthetic for a CT scan and the results were that the cancer was so invasive it was deemed kinder not to wake her up.  Depression is not so very different from cancer.  It invades every aspect of your life.  Things that would make you feel pure joy are muted so that you barely smile.  Things that would be a downer to a person without depression crush you.  Everyday life is a struggle to get through.  The pressure and pain of living is very real.  Why, then, is the dog treated more kindly than the human?  

There are those that say your death would affect people who care about you.  Well if they cared that much, wouldn't they want you to be out of pain?  Wouldn't they want you not to have to struggle?  That is the argument we use when we put animals to sleep.   The human is simply another animal, albeit with self-awareness.  When will someone show mercy to the human in the same way as they do to animals?!

My second attempt doesn't feel so very far away.  However, why should I have to do this?  Why can't I, after 23 years of suffering, simply ask that I am allowed to simply go to sleep and  not wake up?  Why do I have to risk my freedom in order to achieve lasting peace? 

My greatest fear is that I will fail.  That I will be subjected to mandatory 'treatment', which consists only of depriving an individual of anything and everything that they can use to hurt themselves.  Alternatively drugging them up so much that they can't plan or activate their plan to suicide.  

I really don't know how to end this. Honestly, I just want to die...is that so unreasonable?