October 15 is my day friends.Ok, so I'm just going to write this all to get it out, it will be unorganized and just badly written I'm sure but i don't care. 
It is sunday october 8th and as of this moment i plan to kill myself in just under a weeks time. I have everything purchased and ready just a matter of waiting now. I'm 18 now in a university, I've been feeling this way since the 7th grade. I've always just felt inferior to everyone else. I've always had horrible social anxiety and been very awkward, so ive always had trouble reaching out and making new friends, especially recently. I find that recently whenever I see any social interaction it just doesn't make sense to me, it just seems so surreal. I've been here on campus for a week longer than my roommate and i've made next to no real connections with anyone while it seems he has befriended the whole floor. I just don't understand how sociallity works. I find very little fun or funny anymore. Even with friends I'm usually just bored and i seldom provide anything mentally when im with them. I'm pretty sure at this point the only reason they'll still hang out with me is out of pity, im pretty sure thats the only reason anyone will talk to me. I have a group of friends who i used to hang out with and who ive hung out with again recently, i feel like i can be me around them but i don't want to bother them, they have better things to do. One on one situations i just can't do, i can't do enough to hold my end of any conversation, i prefer groups of 3 or more but then i can never get anything in. My roommate and his friends always invite me to do shit, which i appreciate even if it is out of pity, but i always have to decline just cause i know ill just sit there in silence and not contribute anything. 
It's only my first quarter in college and i already feel i just won't be able to keep up. All my classes are easy and i only really have one that i actually have to work in, and thats too much for me already, theres no way i can keep even this small workload up for 4 years, and i know its meant to get harder. I'm undeclared right now with no passion for anything, so even if i do go threw with all 4 years whatever i would choose wouldn't be a passion, it would be more of like a "oh, this option is a bit more tolerable than the others". I'm just wasting my parents money at this point, if it were my money i wouldn't give a shit but so much of my family has spent so much on me and i know i just can't live up. I remember even like junior year high school knowing that i would be a disappointment, and my prediction wasn't wrong. There's nothing more to look forward to, I'm going to be one of those losers who peaked in high school. 
I've only really ever told 2 friends about all this thought, both within the last few months, i appreciate both of them putting up with my self loathing rants but it didn't really help ever. This is no fault of theirs, this is all of my fault, all of this is my fault. i recognize that im not alone, that others have felt this same way, but that doesn't help. This isn't even the lowest i've felt, but ive been down so long that im just done really. I just want to be free and not have to deal with anything anymore. 
Im not sure if im really looking for help even, i just want to get all this out there. Im sure theres more i could say but i can't think of anything more, thanks.