I’ve been feeling depressed and suicidal for quite some time now.I’ve been feeling down and suicidal for the past year or so. 
I haven’t attempted anything but the thought is always on mind, and recently it’s been on my mind all the time. I was this close to cut my wrist not too long ago but I just decided to keep the knife beside instead, I got scared. But I can’t take it anymore. 
I feel like such a hypocrite and a disgrace, my father did everything for me. He put me through private school and university. What I did was I dropped out, nobody knows. My dad thinks I should be graduating this summer. I even took the money back from school and I didn’t spend it on drugs or anything, I don’t do drugs. I just spent over $30k on random shit to be honest. 
I feel horrible, I can’t keep going with the lie anymore. My dad is the sweetest man to ever exist and I feel like I don’t have the balls to tell him and hurt him like that, I just want to disappear. It would kill me watching him being disappointed and hurt by me that I would rather kill myself to not have to see that. I don’t really talk to anyone about this, but I’m going crazy. I’m usually a really outgoing person, I haven’t been for the past year, I’ve been closing off. Whenever my friends want to hangout I’d make an excuse. I know this might seem like oh just tell him, I can’t. This man have literally done everything for me my entire life. When my mum left us he was my mum and dad. He did everything. And I feel like such a waste of breath on this planet. I’m not even working right now, I’m not doing anything. I’m locking myself in my room, it just keeps getting worse.  I love him so much, and I’d rather die than see him disappointed. He didn’t do anything wrong and I don’t want him to feel like he did. My heart hurts typing this. I’m so disappointed in myself. Why did I do this? I don’t know. I break up with every nice guy that tries to date me, cause I feel scared if they found out how fucked up I am they’re gonna leave me. So I turn into an absolute cunt. I just don’t know what to do, and I feel like I have no options anymore. 