I am sad todayI don't talk that much to anyone, it's been a month since my last proper conversation. This week and the last I have done nothing but sit in silence, and I know it makes the others awkward so I try to stay away from them. Today one of them asked if I hated her because I don't speak anymore, I felt very sad she felt like that and I have asked for forgiveness before and she said it was alright. I'm just ruining everything.

They try to talk to me. I can't even bear looking them in their eyes, I try but at best I can swing by and glance but it fails again. I think I am making them awkward and hurting their feelings. I try to stay away but often fail to do so, and again this makes me sad due to my inability to say anything. I said I couldn't talk because I had nothing to say, but they tried to point out that talking has nothing to do with anything, I felt worthless that I could not. 

But again I did not blame anyone but myself, and I could do nothing but stand very shameful in silence. I had nothing to say, but all I wanted to say was that I was sorry. But I could not, because that would make them more awkward. But I was realy sad, angry and anxious knowing what I do and what they say to me. Either way they (probably out of pitty and because they always do invite everyone) invited me to a party, I felt like collapsing. I was quite paniced and they knew I would likely not come and that what I said was a lie. I went home, collapsed and cried for half an hour. I got a text asking if I would come, I said I was ill from the food we ate. I do feel ill from what I ate, but I think it is because of other reasons and maybe from something I ate earlier today.

-----

I read some posts, they too made me very anxious. And it has been about an hour. I have been thinking of suicide for a couple weeks now, since my depression is returning. Last week I had quite some intents but did not follow up, today it was even worse.

I don't know.

What I plan to do is get drunk, send a message to if I can call her friend and say that I am sorry for the way I am behaving. I really am sorry but I can't do anything about it and I can see it makes her sad or distressed. She will probably say it is fine but it isn't, I've ruined everything. I might go and get some more food elsewhere and hope I do not get sick.

In my mind I have been depressed for about 7 years. But it hasn't always been shit, but everytime it is good I lower my guard and get hurt or something happens. I know I shouldn't socialize because of my grose inability to do so, and yet I surround myself with people just because of who I am. I am sorry they have to be with me, that they worry and that I hurt them. That is probably the worst feeling and an initiative for me to want to end it. But I never do because suffering is worse than the unknown death, and no that is not good, but it makes others "happy" (at least for some time until I just break down and start pushing them away, and I guess they become happy again when we just stop talking).

Ok, I'm sorry you have to read this too. I just need to write something. Something to vent my anxiety.