I feel trapped in my lifeI want to die. But I also want help. 

Problem is I have been down this road before. I took medical leave 8 years ago to “get help” for my depression and it was financially crippling. It took me 5 years to recover from it. I ended up living in my car for 6 months. Hiding my homelessness from my kids and staying in hotels when they were with me because my “new place wasn’t ready yet.”

I know how devastating it would be for my kids if I end it. I don’t want to hurt them. But I am so tired of pretending I am ok and I am so goddamn tired of feeling this way. I have been battling depression for 30+ years and I am just exhausted. I have spent thousands paying for therapy. I take my medication every day. And if I am being honest, I am unhappy 3/4 of the time. Day after day. Month after month. Year after year. How much longer do I have to live like this just so I don’t feel like a selfish asshole for doing this to my kids. 

My work has been jerking me around on a raise for almost a year. I have sent out hundreds of resumes and can’t seem to land a new job. I have spent money on resume services, career coaches and professional certifications and NOTHING. I hate my job. And going there makes me MISERABLE. But I have no choice. 

I have no family and have been divorced for 8 years. There is no one who will help me through this financially. I know when I die my friends will talk about “If only he had reached out.” What can I do? Put up a FB post. “Hey folks. I am suicidal and need to take some time off to get help. Here is a link to my gofundme page so I don’t end up going bankrupt.  Any help  would be appreciated.” That would go over like a fart in church. I bet my ex wife could raise thousands with a gofundme page to pay for my funeral. (I am well insured and the suicide rider expired years ago. So honestly I will leave my ex and kids much better off financially.)

I have prepared to end it all. I know how and have done the work necessary to make sure I don’t fail. 

I know this is a rambling mess. I don’t know how much longer I can hold on. 