5 days leftPlease forgive me for two things, the length of this text and grammatical errors. I tend to miss seeing my textual blunders after a period of writing, and If i don’t post this today, I may change my mind, delete this text and never say anything.
 
I come from a country were people live under a dollar a day and corruption rules everything. The only two industries worth billions there are, the telecoms and the oil industry. The others don’t exist and if they do they are subpar to what you’d expect. There is no infrastructure and most people in the politics realm, are there for nothing else other than the cash. I realised early that I don’t fit into this. I have a passion for innovation and creation to help or entertain humanity.

I’m a 27 year old international student coming from an uncomfortable home(i personally don't feel like i have a home), currently based in San Francisco. i avoid talking to my mother about my personal issues generally because, all she'll do is pray about it(She is super religious). She also tends to be a helicopter parent and not necessarily the understanding kind. I have been told whenever i speak to my mother i sound like a beaten down man. It probably stems from my frustrations with trying to connect with her, in my youth. I have a younger sister whom i used to share my personal emotional and day to day struggles with. About a year ago she surprised the family with an episode of schizophrenia while she lived in Dubai. I last saw her when i went home for the holidays and I barely recognise her. Sure she is my sister, but she’s now also super religious like my mother. I have no problem with peoples beliefs mind you, I just tend to avoid people who behave like zealots and in so doing, blind themselves to logical reasoning. In this case, I shut down and sadly, this is the status quo in my family. 

My father who lives in a different state, visits “home" once every month. it’s been like this since 2004 and thanks to this man, the family is capable of living a relatively comfortable life. He basically sacrificed proximity to his family for our comfort and i get to be an international student because of his efforts. However, he’s ageing and he lives in a state associated with constant riots, bomb blasts/threats you’ve probably heard of lately the news. I don’t really get to connect with him because he’s physically and emotionally distant and constantly under stress. I understand can’t ask for much there. 

What my Father says goes is the dynamic in our family and my mother is the next person in charge. With is dynamic, my parents generally try to run my life and that of my younger sister as much as they can. When i’m closer to them physically, even more so. I just tend to be the yes man to them and refrain from complaining or talking back. Because it’s disrespectful to argue with your elders/parents. The weird part is, they care about us. But the way we(my sister and I)feel about how they handle things with us rarely ever matters. 

I think at 27 I’m supposed to have gotten a lot sorted in my life professionally, financially, emotionally and socially. This is where my frustration, depression, guilt, angst etc overwhelm me as I don’t seem to be capable of much. The industry i’m trying to get into doesn’t exist at “home” and is also extremely competitive and hard to break into, as a student. I started out two years ago with No skill specific to the industry, and I’m still struggling by the day to be decent at what i do. The school I go to doesn’t really give you the "how to”  on accomplishing tasks and leaves you to figure out your technique by yourself(Last i checked, I don't go to school to figure it out). I’m not really getting the benefit of that $8K plus tuition per semester. To solve this, I take extra classes outside that school. I’m currently taking five classes and barely have time for myself as it is. 
 
My networking skills outside my school are less than stellar which reduces my chances of success in anything immensely. I’ve been on the hunt for work for more than a year now and I have nothing to show for it as such, I’m still living off my father. Networking at school isn’t any better because, I have friends who barely contact me for anything, but i contact them every now and then and purposely go to school so i can see them(I wonder why i still try). 

I’ve been cheated on four times in a row in my last 3 relationships. Two of which were with guys who were once friends of mine and i still suffer from the trauma of the last one(she understood me the most). As a result, I’m scared of connecting with females for romantic relationships. 

I constantly think to myself what am i doing? Where am i going? Will I make it? Is this all worth it? Was/is this the right decision? It feels like my failure is imminent, despite my efforts. I’m in a constant state of personal struggle and I feel really empty, my future is bleak and it seems to get worse by the day. I break down in tears in my own apartment very frequently. Most people I create time to hang out with don’t know this. They see me and they see a charismatic person, a confident man, a content man, a happy man and an extrovert(actual introvert). 


I’ve been considering ending it for a while now. the thoughts of this are stronger. something has to give…or i will.



 