I'm emotionally fragile and it's cost me everything that keeps me whole. To those seeing this, I hope you regain the happiness you've once lost.I lost the last thing which actually gave me hope for the future and something to live for (good friendship which turned into a relationship...). I love him so much and there's nothing in the world I would not do for him (Not exaggerating).  
Now I just feel even more lost than I did before, and I've got no more motivation. All I seem to be able to do now is cry and/or keep myself occupied with Netflix to stop myself from thinking which then leads to crying. I can't even manage to get more than 2-3 hours of sleep anymore which feels horrible since it's currently my most efficient escape from the pain. Going outside of my room and seeing/talking to people/family immediately triggers something which makes me tear up.  
Sometimes it hurts so much, that getting things over with seems like the ideal solution. But when I do think and highly consider it, I feel guilty because... I know some of my family members wouldn't be able to handle it.   
I really don't see things ever getting better even tho I really want them to. It's come to the point where no matter how hard I try to find a tiny bit of motivation... I can't seem to act on it because I know it'll eventually just lead to more pain which I simply cannot endure.  
I love, yet despise how emotionally fragile I am. I knew a heartbreak would destroy me, yet I let myself do so and now I'm paying the price.   
During my early teenage years, losing someone of great importance was always very difficult but I always eventually managed to get over it. But over the past few years that side of me has drastically increased and now it's taken control of my well being (I'm 17)  


I see and read what others are going thru or have been going thru... and I just feel like what has made me feel so broken is pathetic compared to the others. And I felt ashamed of it for a while. But I've come to realize that each person has a different limit as to what breaks them... some are mentally and/or emotionally stronger than others. I really respect those having a tough time and I really feel for you, whether you're managing to hold on or have gone through enough pain to give up... If you do plan on giving up, I hope things get better for you while you're still here with us. To those reading this, I wish you all the best &lt;3 Sorry for the rant.