I've always resented life    We'll start by saying I've from a very religious family. At a young age i gained a highly negative view of what heaven even was. I decided then that all the darker parts of humanity and my nature were mine to keep. Very delusional maybe.
    Fast forward to teen years, I'm a psychopath in the making. Hate everyone and everything. No reason, maybe it's just teenage stuff. 18 i have terrible experience with pot, give that up. Have similar with alcohol go home get saved.
    Spend several years struggling with the idea of happiness and my desire to die by 28. Teach youth in fact at one point. Screw that up. Go about daily life for 3 years. Still hate it. There's never been any real goal. Empty apartment, my screens and solitude to look forward to.
     Anyway, recently got a decent job. Move in with a buddy. Get a girlfriend. Bosses start to harass me, so i quit when i get threatened by gm after successfully defending my innocence in an attempted write up. Later girlfriend cheats on me. Give it another try, i like her. She does it again. Break up. We're still cool. She hangs out. I want to help her and her sister get on their feet.
    Start smoking pot again, keeping the high under control as much as i can. Stress of no job is getting to me. I'm a shit person so they'll ditch me eventually. My buddy has already quit his job he's gonna move.
     I'm waiting on a call for work. Not coming. Stress really getting to me. Jealousy over ex. Just a lot of negative. Do something unforgivable. Ruin that relationship. Now i wanna die for hurting others.
     Can't face them, can't face life with what I've done. Wanna die more than ever. Still too terrified of afterlife to go through with.
     Why do i hate myself? Why do i wanna destroy everything when the chance arises? I can't even keep a knife without getting destroying furniture if given boredom. I don't want to hurt others, but i feel like I'm slipping into darkness and that everyone i know should hate me too. They will though, now I'm all alone. And it's better that way. I'm seeking help now, but i don't think I'll be able to fully convey what's happened and they'll let me go.

Tldr; I hate you all but hate myself more and the changes I've attempted in my life cause me to feel like I should save everyone the troubles of knowing me and just die. 