I hate myselfMy wife hates me too. I have been out of work for months and for whatever reason sdi and ssi are taking forever to kick in so we've been struggling to survive. We sold all our shit already to pay rent last month and it's looking like we won't have enough money to make our plan of driving to a family members house to stay there won't happen without borrowing even more money.

She exploded at me today about how I have no idea how fucked we are, how broke we are. She follows it up by saying it's not my fault "per se" which basically means she knows it's my fucking fault for being so fucked up in the head but she is afraid I'll fucking kill myself like the piece of shit I am if she outright says it.

I know for a fact if I finally worked up the courage to do what's right and killed myself she'd be taken in by family and be alright. It feels awful knowing the love of my life would be much happier if I never existed.

I just keep thinking of the butterfly effect where everyone was happier when th e main character killed himself at birth.  I wish I could have done that.

If I 5150 myself they'll just kick me out because my suicidal urges come in bursts. The second k stop crying they'll kick me out because I'm broke as fuck and haven't paid my insurnce.

I'm sitting in the dirt in the corner of our families yard hoping nobody sees me crying when I'm actually supposed to be pulling weeds to make some money for bills, but I can't even do that. My wife keeps asking where I am in text and keeps saying I love you and I just don't want to reply.

I wish I didn't love her so much because then Killing myself would be so much easier. I don't know what to do anymore.

I'm constantly thinking about killing myself, my brain keeps making me think of fucked up shit like using the barrel of a pistol to dig out the roof of my mouth by scraping away the skin and bone.

I keep getting images of mutilating myself, I can't hold a knife in my own fucking kitchen without fighting myself not to drag it over my wrists and my stomach.

I'm so fucking useless I can't even work up the courage to die