Just wanted to get some sense of closure. Final post on Reddit, guess it'll have to be here.I know we don't know each other, but this community has been a big part of my life for the past seven years through various accounts, so I wanted to make one final post here to get some sense of closure.  

Why goodbye you might wonder, because I've decided to end my own life. In 2 days and 43 minutes as of right now as I'm typing this particular sentence, I'll be gone. You won't change my mind, so don't bother trying. Most of you probably don't care, but I'm saying this just in case some of you feel the urge to talk me into changing my mind. If you've wondered in the past why I post so much here, it's because I've always been craving attention and feeling abandoned and insecure because of my past. Getting fake points on Reddit was merely a temporary fix to a much deeper personal problem. Anyway, I've set up a message that will be posted on all my social media accounts a few hours after my death, which is how everyone I know personally will find out that I'm dead. I've also planned exactly how I am going to end it. Everything is set to go according to my plan. 

I've suffered from major depression from the past two years. Nothing has worked. Therapy and medication haven't worked. Neither has daily exercise. Before that I was mildly depressed for over a decade, it just went undiagnosed for all that time. I had a shitty life, I was hated for the mere fact of my existence in this world by most people. By the time I turned 16 the nightmare stopped a little, but by then the damage was done. I am anxious and insecure about everything and all my relationships to the point that it makes me dysfunctional. I am traumatized and it would take years or even decades for me to get over the trauma.

My only regret is that I was a part of the world to begin with, and my only wish is to be forgotten. I didn't accomplish anything of significant value during my short time spent in the world, and I don't think that I deserve to be remembered, not even as a distant memory. Anyway, I'm not worried, I know that you guys will have no issue forgetting about me completely, since we never knew each other to begin with.

tldr: I'm killing myself, I'll be dead in a little over 2 days, goodbye Reddit, this was my final post here. 