everything i've ever wanted, since before i can rememberi know that eventually i'm going to die this way. i know that i can't escape the truth and the undeniability of it, because no matter how much distance i put between myself and the truth it will still blind me. reflective surfaces are everywhere and i will never be able to live without the evidence of my failures. my lack of ability to cope with the honest truth. i want to rip the screen of my window with my fingers and climb out so i can walk the back suburban roads until the sun rises without thinking of the bombed-out topography of my ruined face.

i used to think when i got older i might look fine. the abuse was all i could think of when i was thirteen. but he told me i was pretty, and i knew i was below-average, and i didn't think about the specifics of it. he told me even as he watched me sleep, even as he recorded the rise and fall of my breathing, even as i woke in a panic. and god forgive me, i took it for granted, focusing only on the terror i felt. i would do anything to exchange this terror for that.

every source i find, every study i trawl looking for answers, tells me this skin condition is irreversible, incurable, undeniable. and i never had a good base to start with. the ratios of my bones and the protrusions of my skin and the way my eyes sit in the hollows of my skull haunt me every second i breathe. i wish i could make it stop if just for a moment. i wish i could be loved like i wished i could be loved when i tried to kill myself for the first time, terrified that love was synonymous with fear. and it is, now, still, because i fear it doesn't exist for anyone who looks like me. uneven, rough, the colour of the red crayons i used as a child when i was unaware of the fact that i would never experience something that the rest of the world takes for granted. real love, real touch. who would touch someone with a scarred and blood-flushed face? who would look at her like a person, a living breathing human being? i never even had a chance. i never even had a chance to be one.

red, shiny, swollen skin. bug eyes the colour of the dirt i want to sink into. a nose too big to be elegant, too small to be cut open at the bone. poor philtrum to chin ratio. i want to be held like a person. the tip of my mouth where the sun catches. i would do anything for it. negative canthal tilt. the failing curve of a jaw i do not have. all my hopes and dreams, all i ever wanted. poor mouth shape, teeth spaced and large. i wish i were dead. eyelids like crushed olives. i want to die. lips with no blood in them. i want to die. i want to die. i want to die.

i've never seen an eighteen year old this destroyed. i've never seen anyone like me loved. i've never been on a date or kissed a person with alive eyes and my heart beating in my throat. and i turn nineteen in two months. it's unlikely i ever will.

i think sometimes that maybe if i could be good then i could forget the chemical burns i gave myself from years of salicylic acid misuse, of products that had nothing to do with my poor face, of destroying the face of the thing that i hated, which was me, always me. but no one cares if you're good or not, only that your face is good, unruined, still knowable, still loveable. there's very little left i can do to kill the truth . and i take and take. i contribute meaningless platitudes and carbon dioxide. after i die, i want my ashes in one of those urns that turns you into a tree. i want to be beautiful. i want people to take care of me. i want to be touched by warm hands. i want to do something for this dying world i could never do in life.

forgive me my failures.