Thinking about killing myselfI sometimes get this thing in my head where, just for a fraction of a second, I can see a world where I am happy and comfortable and enjoying myself. So many times I’ve tried to find a way to get to that place or stay in that mindset, stay in the calmness I feel when I see that happy place. It can’t be done though, that place doesn’t exist in the real world, or maybe it does but I can’t see it because I’m trapped in my mind, blinded by depression. I’ve given up trying to find the happiness.

I was making porridge the other day and my mother was talking to me, I can’t remember what she was saying. But then she said something about how phones are the reason millennials are all depressed and if they just went outside and got some fresh air and ran around they would be fine. I told her that I could run around outside for hours everyday and it wouldn’t make a dent in my depression. Now she knows I have depression, I’ve actually been diagnosed and I’m on medication, and she knows I’m suicidal because she found my suicide note one day when she was snooping through my bag, but she still said to me “are you seriously still claiming to be depressed?”. She’s a bitch.

I’m an artist, making art has always been the thing I was best at, people always knew me as the artist since I was a little kid. I do want to make art, I’d like to become a successful artist and do it as a career. Well.. I mean I don’t actually WANT to do it, it would just be a lot better for me than any other kind of job. But I can’t make art anymore, I quit for a long long time but started doing it again a little while after going on meds. I just can’t draw anymore, I don’t like looking at my art, I don’t like looking at other people’s art, I don’t like making art.

I sometimes just stop in the middle of doing something and stay completely still, I completely space out and forget where I am. I usually sing the same verse of a song over and over in my head. I get stuck there. It’s hard to move. I think to myself “why am I just standing here like a statue?” But I can’t move, I think about moving and then I think about how there is no point in moving because I will feel the same wether I move or not, so I may as well stay here. And I do stay there.

I bang my head in the wall, I put my eyeball as close to a bright lamp-bulb as a can to blind myself temporarily, I pull my hair, I slap myself. I feel empty no matter what I do. I think I’m just trying to do every single thing I can possibly think of (including this) to try and fix myself or something, I’m not actually sure what I’m trying to achieve. 

I hate my mother. I want her to be happy and I wish she had a perfect life and had everything she ever wanted. But she isn’t happy, I think she’s pretty miserable, and she has a LOT of anger. That anger gets taken out on anyone who goes near her, but mostly me and my dad. I feel so sorry for my dad, he’s married to an insanely toxic person and he’s so nice. He doesn’t do anything wrong but my mother is constantly arguing with him and giving out to him about the stupidest things. She such a crazy bitch. My dad is the only thing keeping me alive, I know he cares about me and I know I can talk to him about anything, literally anything without any judgement. I love him a lot and I don’t want to make him sad by killing his daughter but he already seems to be sad so it’s not like I’ll be ruining a perfect life. 

Committing suicide is a really really really hard thing to do. No matter how much you want to die and no matter how much you hate your life it’s still so difficult to end it. It’s really terrifying, there’s no way to do it without being terrified, you just have to push through the fear. Hopefully when I turn eighteen and am able to buy liquor it will be easier, although I have tried to kill myself while drunk before and as you can see, I pussied out. When I’m eighteen though, I’ll be able to get as drunk as I want so hopefully being more drunk will make it easier. 
Or maybe I’ll find the balls to rip that bandaid off tonight.