Please read, please -- I need help, just some kindness, some words from others, fellowship.My wife and I have been married for nine years.  I love her to pieces.  She's got schizophrenia, what I think is textbook Bipolar I, and all sorts of congenital mental issues in her family but these disorders have not manifested themselves in her.  They just crowd her blood and haunt her with bad family relationships (my family is huge, bourgeois, and too materialistic for her tastes.)

She's been diagnosed with panic, anxiety, and major depressive disorder.

We've had our sort of ups and many, many downs.  We are very, very committed to each other, even though she decided to leave me a year ago, then return to me, then six months later she decided to leave me again, then she came back to me again "forever.  Promise."  I've never even laid a finger on another woman and pride myself on that: no sexting, no anything; not even once.  My momma raised me right, at least on that score.

The other day (after months of sexless, diplomatic peace and many laughs over shows and common jokes) we had a big fight about money and it got big fast.  You know how it goes: some tiny detail expands to such vast proportions that you wonder how the entire marriage got implicated.  (Truth be told, I'm so insecure about our relationship that I am pretty sure I was the one who "took it there.")  Anyhow, it was bad.

Next morning, it was time for her to go into work (my Fridays are my off-days.)  She has to be there at 6:30 sharp.  7:00 rolls around.  She's not up.  7:30.  Still nothing. 

With exemplary insight and self-control, I begin bellowing at her that if she loses her job the shit is really going to hit the fan -- mean, vile things -- "turn your sleepy precious head and look at the three dogs to whom we owe everything, our children"-caliber horrors -- and then I stomp off to the bath and bathe.

When I get out, she's shuddering on the patio, smoking a cigarette.  "What's wrong?" "Don't ... fucking... touch me."

I turn around and walk inside.

White plastic cap on the counter.

"Where're your Xanaxes?"

(coolly, almost defiantly or triumphantly) "I took them all."

She headed to bed.

There had been eight and twenty pills in there!

one, one, one, one, one.

what do I do what do I do what do I

nine one one.

They come and peel her out of bed; I follow, driving like a crazed Texan, saline tears streaming from my face, impotently mouthing rosaries.

... "forgive us our trespasses"

Sirens, cars moving out of the way.

They told her today that she is being held until "maybe Thursday."

I returned to her room to find her prostrate like a devout Muslim on the hospital bed.

My face met hers.

"When I get out of here, I am GONE! This is ALL YOUR FAULT! I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU! I HOPE I NEVER SEE YOUR FACE AGAIN!"

I drive home heartsick, heartrent, cancer in my belly, tears filling my toes, my nose, my eyes.

She won't answer now.  She won't text me back.

She is my life.  What was I to do?

She took 14mg of fucking Xanax and I tried to keep her alive by any means necessary.

Is this really, *this*, really going to be what severs the final thread between us?

Is this really my fault? I will concede what is to be conceded if it is so.

She has no-one in all this world who would keep her from starving, dying, or the depradations of the grimmer monsters of this world.

Is it likely she'll try again, just to finalize her punctuation?

She says she didn't mean to kill herself, that she only meant to "fall asleep" over my bellowing (which btw had stopped before she dosed.)

Please someone bring my heart some modest measure of something other than this profound heartbreak.

I would gladly pash out all of life's tribulations at her side, forever, forsaking all others.  If only she would live and love me too.

Also -- I've never physically abused anyone in all my life.

TL;DR please say something uplifting to me; I fear I may be going mad with missing someone who hates my eyes.