i’m ranting srryoh and you. you just make it so easy. i can be myself around you i can do whatever i want when i’m with you. i don’t need anything when i’m with you. you make me feel whole. literally i don’t want to fucking kill myself when i’m with you and pretty fucking much only you. i don’t want anything els when i’m with you. but you don’t deserve that. you’re driven strong you don’t let anything stop you not even yourself. it seems easy for you. i feel like shit compared to you. i feel like i hold you back. you can do so much without me. i mean imagine you doing the amazing things and i just see me there fucking nervous and having a fucking anxiety attack. when we go out you’re so full of life you always know what to say. i feel like i just stand there searching for the right way to act trying not to let my fear and depression show. i don’t want to make you look bad. and i’m trying to tell the truth right now i’m over beating around the bush convincing myself all of this isn’t true. trying to be more confident which i have been doing and honestly it’s been working i do feel a lot more confidence, on the outside. i know im beautiful now i reached that. but on the inside  i still don’t feel like i’m enough. i feel like i’m not doing enough.  no one really knows how insecure i am about my life. how fucking ashamed i feel about myself. and it’s a different kind of shame that you wouldn’t want to tell ANYONE. i don’t want people to know that i’m scared to be rejected i don’t want people to know that i wish i had better things and lived in a nicer place and had more options and had more courage. you can’t tell people that because they’d think you’re just weak and should just fucking get over it. no one literally literally i stg i can’t stress this enough no one understands. no one that i know. and when you tell them well they never help even if they care. not really. so why the fuck would i express this to you. of corse i’m terrified TERRIFIED of the worse which is if i express this to you you’d just say i need to figure it out and leave my life. and that’s scary because when i’m stuck i think of if all the wonderful things we could do together. i think well i can figure it out. i can learn to be whole and feel peace and confident in every way and be truest happy because you will be there and the end of it all. i’m literally holding on right now because i know you’re staying. and if i complexly myself i get the grand prize which is happiness with you. the literal thought of going out and not feeling like a hidden piece of shit plus being with you is GOLDEN. if i can accomplish that that would be literal gold. to thrive with you.