I've spent the last 2 weeks in isolation, and I don't feel like I'll want to live anymore once I run out of beer money.I'm 23 (male), I rent out my dad's basement. I've had thousands of dollars in savings from years of working, but I recently left that work to finally go to college. I got to take a program that was free. It's a general program that allows you to spend a year on basic courses, and get your life back on track, if you have some mental health issue, or other such qualifications. Among 2 occasions in my past where I've been talked down from a ledge by the cops, and thrown in the hospital, I have struggled with substance use, so I qualified. It was 3 semesters. I spent the first semester doing well for myself. The coursework is pretty light by college standards, but straight A's are straight A's

All hell broke loose a few months ago though,  when the unionized staff of the college went on strike. I spent a month having a lot of free time, and I relapsed. I came back to school unable to reengage. I showed up to class drunk on several occasions, and some of these occasions went noticed by the staff. Since it's a recovery based program, they were patient and supportive about it. They were more patient than I deserved, but a time came when I finally pushed my luck too far. I had an incident where I recklessly took a handful of Adderall, and then had a liter of vodka immediately after that. I collapsed, and was taken to the nursing station to wait for it to ware off. my teacher left me there at noon to sleep, and went to teach her class. She spent 3 hours teaching her class, and then came back to check on me. I was still asleep, and wouldn't wake up even with the nurse yelling out my name, and trying to pinch me. Then I pissed myself, and still didn't wake up. It was determined that I had a problem with dehydration, and I needed immediate medical attention or my life was at risk, so an ambulance was called, and I was taken to the hospital for the night. 

a few days later I had a meeting with my teacher about what happened. They have not axed my from the program, but they have told me that I need to step away and regroup, before perhaps coming back next semester. I'm not mad at them for their decision. They've been great to me for months, and I don't want to be too much of a problem for them, but this has been a bad situation for me.

I've isolated myself. I just lie around in the basement now. I spend hours a day in bed just enjoying the comfort of my bed. I try to enjoy other things like watching movies, and basketball games, but those things don't feel like enough of a reason to live. The only way that they satisfy me is if I enjoy some beer while watching them. Beer adds to the experience, because it's tasty, and I've made a strong association between beer and basketball games. without beer the experience isn't compelling enough to me, and feels incomplete. If I'm short on beer, then I don't enjoy doing things in the basement enough, and if I don't enjoy those things, then I don't enjoy anything. I only have so much in savings, and between the money that I spend on alcohol, and the rent that I pay my dad, I'm going to run out of money before long. I'll have no funds to drink beer, so the basement won't be good enough anymore. I'll have to go out into the world, but I don't want to go out into the world, because I've become accustomed to isolating myself, and I've given up on everything. Some people close to me have followed my lead, and are pessimistic about me too, so I feel like my hopelessness is being reaffirmed. 

I have a bottle of Adderall, and a liter of vodka, and I'm thinking about taking a handful, and downing it with vodka again, only I'll take even more of both, to hit myself even harder. This time, i'll be alone in the basement, and nobody will be around to save me, or even notice that I'm gone for a few days. it would be pretty painless compared to other things I could do, because i'd pass out, and then probably die in my sleep. There's no painless way to die, but that would be better than most, and I feel like I'm going to do it when I run out of money. 

