Just want to share these past couple days with you allEarly hours Thursday morning, my nana attempted suicide. She ODed on a mixture of prescription drugs and paracetamol. My aunt checked on her a few hours later; found her collapsed beside her bed, she had been sick and was unconscious. Eye bleeding from where she knocked her head on her beside table. She had rosary beads and my grandads pocket watch in her hand. Two ambulances arrived and took her away. There was a carrier bag of empty medicine packets.

A bit of background. My Nan has attempted this before, she, myself, and many other members of my family have suffered varying levels of depression at different times for different reasons.
My Nan turns 85 this year. She was witty, active, creative and thoughtful. She was diagnosed with terminal fibrosis of the lungs 6 months ago and her quality of life declined rapidly, more than we had realised.

The paramedics, on a 3rd attempt managed to revive her and she was put into Critical/Intensive Care. Since then I’ve witnessed the raw shock and emotion from my family members. When only weeks ago I had considered suicide, again. I related to her so much but from a totally different perspective. Her chances of survival were next to none, primarily because her lungs were too weak, but there was also brain damage from the 7 minutes she was unresponsive in the ambulance. 

I don’t know why I’m writing this out, I don’t exactly have a point, but it’s pushed me away from suicide for now. I understand Nan, truly I do.

She is still in hospital, her lungs expected to give out some time tonight. For the brief time she was conscious and able to get some words out to us, she apologised. 

As incredible the technology and the teams are that brought my Nan back for a brief amount of time; I really believe that if somebody is mentally capable of choosing to end their life, especially when faced with a terminal illness, we should let them go. I would’ve done the same.

There’s much more I can talk about, more of my nans last words, all the differing views of my family, some want to cover up the fact there was a suicide attempt, but that just adds to the stigma. This discussion is necessary.

Whatever. I’m tired. Self harming still, but suicide has been pushed back for another time.