(apparently)I just want attention. No one cares. I'm only here because I need to say this somewhere. I keep thinking it  in my head. I self harmed for the first time when I was twelve. Im  seventeen now. My parents figures out when I was sixteen. They counted  about sixty cuts. And they pretty much didnt care. They told me I just  wanted attention. And that im not the only person in the world. Called  me a weirdo, and many other names. When I get in a bad argument (which  is pretty often) with my family they go for the worst. They tell me to  cut or kill my self. My parents and siblings dont care. I have no  friends. and no Im not saying that just to be a cry baby. NO FRIENDS AT  ALL. and I have no phone (because my parents dont trust me.. dad just  called me a whore this morning.. I dont know why because I've never  dated or much rather even talked to anyone my age since I was 10 and  before homeschool. But im starting to think that hes right. Why else  would he call me that?) to call or text a hotline. I have the feeling of  hopelessness. Maybe im lost? I feel as if when I turn 18 itll get  worse. My parents say I wont make it to collage. I really want to. But  im probably to stupid.. I know ill become nothing in life. Things will  only be worse. and I dont want to end up on drugs and on the streets. Id  rather be dead than that. Less that a week ago i got in a argument with  my mom and dad (of course. Im a loser that only causes this stuff.) and  I told them I wanted to kill myself. And they said to do it. Im not  saying that Im going to. I just feel the urge to do so. I dont know...  Sometimes I dream about killing myself. Others would call that a  nightmare.. but i guess its a dream to me. Can someone just say  something positive? I need to know if i can get over this. I think I  have depression. What can I do? Do i really just want attention? I feel this pain very deeply and I just cant get over it.. please help me.  (if you have read all of this, then thanks for listening to all my non sense. Sorry for the waste of your time. I'm just a loser.)