I am deformed and I can't take it much longerHi everyone,


I have been feeling particularly awful for the last few weeks, as I started paying attention to my body again. A friend of mine randomly told me I had a big forehead in the middle of a conversation with friends, just when I had completely forgot about it. After he had said that, I'm constantly reminded of it and it had hurt me so bad that now I just keep staring at people and compare my forehead to theirs.


I am not gonna lie, I don't know what happened when I was being made, but I have the worst genes ever when it comes to my hairline but also to my frontal bone. I have both a receding hairline and frontal bossing, so I look like an alien and I don't know anyone who has the same forehead as I do. I'm always confronted by it because my forehead lights up in a particular way when a photo is taken or a light shines on it. It looks particularly bad from the side and because of this I can never have short hair, I always need to be able to hide my forehead. It sucks massively and in the past people have commented on it and it really hurt my self esteem. Whenever I see myself on a video, I just look like I'm stupid... like a cartoon character, that's how much I hate it.


Too bad for me, cause that is not the only thing, I have also got a massive receding chin, which is probably due to mouthbreathing and a possible combination of bad genes as well. It looks like a long backwards slope, like a 45° angle. This probably worries me more than my forehead, because it fucks up both my side profile and my front profile. I also believe a receding chin looks worse in general and is the biggest turn-off for people.


Too bad I have both these features. I don't even think I would really call myself ugly per se, my front profile that is, but my side profile looks like absolute shit. Anything that could go wrong, went wrong. It's not a situation of not being able to have the best of both worlds, it's more like having the worst of both.


I don't really like to say it, but I think my mother is really beautiful, she's got a perfect hairline and forehead and she doesn't have a weak chin like I do. She looks really pretty in general. My father looks normal and he's got a very solid chin and a sloping forehead. This only makes me wonder more how I ended up being this deformed.


Now, I don't think I need to explain to you why this bothers me so much, but I will. My deformity constantly reminds me I'm different from the average person, that I can never have a short haircut for example, and that people will never take me that seriously without a proper chin. I look like a medical experiment gone wrong and I need to end it. 


The only thing that can save me from my inevitable suicide is either surgery, which I don't know if that's possible in my situation and whether I can pay that, or if something makes me so happy that I want to keep being alive to be there for it, like listening to a lot of music, playing guitar and watching films and sports... it helped me through really bad times. Sometimes in school, I wonder why I still do my best, because I am so suicidal and I feel like I might kill myself the next week, so doing things for school would then be useless. I feel the safest and most comfortable when lying in bed, while the lights are out, nobody can see me and I can't see myself. 

Most importantly, I don't want to hurt my family and loved ones. Last year I lost both my grandfathers and the year before that I lost my aunt, so the last two years have seen enough tragedy. I think my death would really fuck up my mother in particular, who has been under a lot of stress lately, because she might lose her job and she also has to taks care of my grandmother who can't take care of her own anymore and is also very lonely now that my grandfather has gone. The 3 deaths I mentioned hit me hard, but they are not the reasons I feel depressed, though.


For your information, I'm 18 years old and I still live with my parents. I need to tell them how I serious I am about it, but I don't know what they will do if I mention I am suicidal. I have looked up the costs of having chin surgery, which involves moving the bone forwards instead of having an implant (something I absolutely don't want) and it's about 2200€ something. It's expensive, but the sheer impact it would have for me would be worth it 10x the amount. I should probably wait until I'm older before I get surgery, because my body might still be growing. I wonder though, how I will manage to wait that long.


I know a lot of people will say plastic surgery is wrong and you shouldn't do it, but I believe my case is different, because I look abnormal. I could pass with just a receding hairline, but my entire sideprofile is fucked and just looks bizarre. I have struggled with this for so long and all I want is to just be normal and not having to worry about hiding my forehead.


If people want to see how it looks, I can send a censored version (I don't like having my face on the Internet. Just send me a PM and I will try to get back at you ASAP.


I don't really know what to achieve by posting this, but maybe you guys can give me advice. I have also got other things going on, like mental problems (severe OCD), but I felt like it would be too much to put it all in one post.




