I have lost the will to live.So im soon turning 21 and my title will go from 20 year old loveless virgin with 0 relationship experience to 21 year old loveless etc...

Im pretty sure ive been depressed for 3-4 years but i cant be sure since i havent actually sought help and i refuse to do so. I´have invested to much into pretending everything is fine and i do not want to be seen as weak and i do not want to see the disappointment and sadness in my families faces when they find out. A few weeks ago my sister sent me a picture saying she loved me, that i am "amazing" and wouldn't know what to do without me.

I have 0 self confidence. Other kids made fun of my freckles when i was younger and boy did that south park episode about ginger kids make schoool fun. But i followed the advice about embracing it and not showing that it actually hurt and i actually made fun of myself and eventually it stopped. Or randomly doing group projects and people starting to talk about bfs/gfs and randomly saying "id never be with someone like you".

But i still remember the exact moment i started having suicidal thoughts. I was 17 and had a group i played League of Legends with. I come home from school log on skype and i get a message from a girl from this group. "I know your secret" and i was confused because didn't really have a secret at that time. "You are a virgin and we all know it". I had never talked about this with anyone and yet they figured it out and laughed about it. Since then my fear of not dying alone but living alone for another 50+ years has brought me closer and closer to suicide. I think about it everyday. I read about different methods everyday. I dont sleep well and wake up several times in a hurry and feeling panicked. I barely eat. I wake up at 6 go to work and my parents wonder why i dont bring any food with me. Come home eat something at 5ish and then sit at the computer until i go to bed. I often cry myself to sleep.

I'm tired of seeing posts on facebook/twitter etc "nothing beats the feeling of falling asleep with the one you love next to you" because i cant remember the last time i even got a hug from someone. Or walking into my sister room and seeing her cuddle with someone in bed.

I have become extremely anti social. I cant look strangers in the eyes and i feel stressed when im around people feeling like they know and i have to do everything i can not to give my emotional state away. It makes me very tired. Sometimes when im at work i get lost in thoughts about suicide, looking at the trucks driving past and thinking about just running out in front of one. and then im like "oh its been another hour".

I want human contact but i wont ever get any. I am scared that im gonna spend several more years without having a relationship with someone and im absolutely terrified that if i dont kill myself i will end up living a lonely life and i do not want that.

I will also soon be unemployed again, yay more reasons to kill myself. I keep weighting the pros and cons. Having a job is the only purpose i feel i have and when im unemployed i have nothing.

I'm sorry for the long post but i really needed to say this somewhere as i not spoken to anyone about this. (i have mentioned half jokingly to my brother that the world sucks and i want to die but he didnt take it seriously or he feels the same way)