Need serious helpGuys I think I've been suffering with depression since a young age I'm talking like 13 and onwards. I always felt like dying just to know what happens after death and now I'm 22, I have just one friend left and I feel like our friendship is based off the fact that I help him financially all the time and had it not been the case we also wouldn't be friends anymore. I argue with most people, I've called out with over 20 friends, I have a deep thinking problem, never had no luck with ladies and the one time I got me a date and met up with a girl, she stopped talking to me after the day out we spent together. My father died when I was young, I have had no guidance, my mother is illiterate she doesn't know english. I have no brothers. Grew up in a female household and I'm an only son. I had a pet cat and he was the only fun in my life and then he too died. I'm feeling empty, depressed, hollow, sad, lonely and tbh I can't cope anymore I just wanna know how can i die a quick death because life isn't what I thought it would be. It's far worse this world is a sick sick place and I honestly can't wait to leave but at the same time I am petrified of the thought of death and being left to rot in a coffin for what would seem like an eternity for me to decompose. Also I suffer from claustrophobia and I often panic when in tight situations, however I have a huge yearning for death despite all my fears I just wanna be put out my misery. No I am not attention seeking rather this is my cry out for help, I'm sitting her with a knife to my throat and I just need someone to tell me what to do, I want to know what happens when we die, will I just rot for ever and ever, is there a heaven or hell my soul will be headed to? Or will I be reincarnated until I figure out my purpose or will it be a case of the movie insidious where I'll just be respawned into the dark place and live in a house full of spirits and the rooms will be all dark with each person doing their own thing but on their face will be a desperate look of fear and horror