need some reassurance please.Hi everyone,
I have been casually dating a guy for about 3-4 weeks. A few nights ago, after we had a small argument, he messaged quite a long text, saying he's going to kill himself in March next year. I really struggled with this, and what to do, but in the end after talking to family and friends about him texting me that decided not to reply. The rationale for that was not to encourage this behaviour and I also didn't want to become the person who "talked him down" and also the weight of him telling me that felt incredibly big.

He messaged me a few hours later saying actually he's decided to do it now and wished me a good life. I then spent ages trawling facebook in a panic to find a friend of his (I only had her first name) and finally found her and messaged her and told her what he had told me.

She was incredibly supportive and thanked me for telling her and said I had done the right thing by telling her and she would be in touch with me to let me know what happened and that he was okay. I told her I needed to block him from texting me because I am struggling to cope with the enormity of this situation. She understood and told me again she would contact me a bit later.

That was two days ago, and I haven't heard anything. Honestly, I feel sick. Even just typing this is making me tear up. I don't know what has happened to him, if anything, and I don't know if finding out would make me feel better. I don't want him to die, I care about him a lot, but I also feel quite angry because of how manipulative this behavior is. He has struggled with his mental health but I am sure that he knows that goading someone like that is so unfair and upsetting.

I know I did the right thing by telling his friend. I just feel incredibly sick and tearful about the whole situation. It has really thrown me. If he is dead, is it somehow my fault? Should I leave it and just try to move on and get past this? Should I contact her to ask if he is okay or what happened? I just feel so lost and so sad.