I [24 F] am terrified to do the wrong thing for my suicidal best friend [25 F]. (/xpost from r/relationships)r/suicidewatch, I posted this on r/relationships but I wanted to try posting it here too.

For as long as we've known each other, and probably long before that, my best friend J has struggled with severe depression. It got much worse when her mom died of cancer in 2009. Her dad remarried and has zero involvement in her life. Her mom always took care of the emotional stuff, and he didn't know how to handle J's issues on his own so he just bailed. I guess I shouldn't judge him for it, but I do.

J has mentioned suicide for years. Not once or twice. Hundreds of times. Thousands even. Years ago, it was only when things got really bad. Lately, it seems like things are always really bad. Partially, life has thrown her some shitty circumstances, and partially, she keeps bringing problems on herself by intertwining herself with toxic people and blaming her misery on their inevitable shittiness. When anything goes wrong, her go-to has become suicide. She tells me she wants to die, she wants to kill herself, she would if she was brave enough. And every single time she says this to me, I fight a war with myself. I am so scared that any move I make could make things worse.

I have no one I can turn to in her family. I have tried contacting her dad and telling him about this in the past, and he did nothing. I am the person who has the most responsibility for her (other than herself obviously), whether that's how it should be or not. So I feel like it's up to me to take action. She won't fight for herself so I have to fight for her, and I have to do it in a new way. What I have been doing for the last several years clearly isn't helping.
This has gone on long enough. I can't keep gambling that she won't actually do it. Even if she doesn't actually do it, I can't abide her having zero quality of life. I can't keep listening to my best friend in despair and trying the same things that don't work.

This is where I need your help, Reddit. I am terrified to make the wrong move and make things worse for her. I am desperate and scared enough that I have considered contacting her therapist or the police, but I worry so much that doing so would be a huge betrayal of trust and might not even help. Maybe she doesn't really want to die and that's just the only way she knows how to tell me how much she's hurting. In THAT case, potentially getting her committed (maybe losing her job, etc) could just add to the mountain of bullshit she is already struggling with.

Every piece of advice I try to offer falls on deaf ears. Every comforting thing I try to say sounds like bullshit. I'm heartbroken for her. I just want her to believe she could be happy so she will try. Right now, trying to convince her to work toward her happiness feels like trying to convince someone to take baby-steps toward learning to fly. To her, happiness feels like an impossible dream she will never really get to experience herself, so it feels fucking pointless to try to fight for it. She has even said, "if I ever get happy, that's when god will kill me. I know it."
Please help Reddit.

tl;dr: My best friend has talked about suicide for years, she has no close older relatives who I can turn to for help, and I am scared that any move I make will be wrong.