Well, this is as good as it's gonna getFrom someone else's perspective it's probably pretty lousy, but I guess I had *some* fun. Don't really remember it, since I was either drunk or high. 
Probably not as smart as I like to think I am. Barely made it through high school. In hindsight it all seems so easy and obvious to me, but I guess that's the nature of hindsight.
I probably shouldn't have been so lazy, but I can't take that back now.
That's kind of always been my problem. Never could be arsed to make any sort of effort. 
For anything.

Had some *friends*. The italics are there, because I can't think of what real friends are. They're basically people I knew from school and we would get drunk together on weekends. Not much else to do around here. Being alone felt much better, as there wasn't any pressure to say the right thing and or worry you're acting stupid. Everyone says, that it doesn't matter what others think of you, but that's not true. People talk. Gossip. You always have to make people like you, or else they turn their back on you. Make your life harder. 
Noone can make fun of you, when you're alone. That probably makes me a pussy. I don't care.

I always hated alcohol. I get really drunk of only two beers, not to mention hard liquor. And people I hung out with are real heavy weights. 

Weed was more my thing, but since I don't live in California or elsewhere more weed friendly, it's kind of hard to get around here.
It felt nice. Music was always amazing.
The paranoia was kind of a problem, but somehow managed it. 

Potheads aren't really regarded as much more than junkies around here anyway, so I always smoked alone. Preferred it, really.
Haven't smoked for weeks, since I ran out of money.

Everyone stopped calling me months ago. The girl, whose house where we usually hung out, her father died and they sent me messages to come to his funeral. Never really met him, heard he was a great guy. 
I didn't go, since this seems like a perfect chance for them to forget about me. Who want's to remember an asshole, who couldn't be bothered to even pay his respects to his friends, right?

Had a girlfriend for a while. She is like 6 younger than me and I felt like a huge pedo dating her. She's really nice girl, huge stoner. We dated, kind of infrequently, for about six months. Then I just stopped calling her. 
I like to tell myself, that she got bored with me or found a better guy or got back together with her ex. Or that I'm not really the best guy for a girl like that and our relationship wasn't healthy. 
 But honestly, I was probably just using her to finally lose my virginity.  
I hurt like hell and after that I couldn't see why sex was such big deal for me.

She probably hates me now, she seemed the vindictive type. I can't really say I know her all that much.

My family doesn't really like me. I was in a mental institution for an attempt, a couple of years back and that brought shame to the family. I only figured it out recently, that being institutionalized was going stick with me, with everyone I meet. People somehow always found out.
 
Can't really talk to them. They have their own problems, they're own lifes. 
Dad is a happy-go-lucky kind of guy for everyone he meets. At home he was a dick who made fun of us and belittled everything. Mom always hated him. She constantly said she was going to divorce him, though it never happened. I never understood why they even got married in the first place, they never liked each other.
 
I have an sister, a year older than me. We haven't talked in years, even though her room is right next to mine. She doesn't want to deal with me. She's loud and yells at everybody. 
I don't think I could talk her. She's successful. Got a degree and she's meaning to move out the country. Why would she want to bother with a brother like me?

I don't have a degree in anything. I don't have any skills or trades. I can't even drive. 
It's too late to learn now. I don't have any money and I can't ask my family for money, since I know they don't have any. 

All I ever did was daydream. Play games. Watch dumb movies and TV shows. Browse the internet, constantly reading forums, reddits, wikipedia and never learning anything.
I could have used my PC to learn some programming or web design or anything. But I didn't. Never wanted to.

Now it's too late. 

I thought about just leaving, going to another country. Everybody is leaving these days. There is nothing here but growing poverty, envy, jealousy and right-wing hate. They say our country will like Greece and Spain. Smart, educated people (like my sister) are leaving and probably never coming back.

But I can't figure out, what would I do in another country? I'm not useful. I can speak english and use a computer and I can google, but everyone can do that. Who is gonna need me?

I don't care about my family. If they're strong, they'll get through it. They probably aren't and I can't change that. We've been disconnected from each other for too long, we have too many differences. We can only fight and annoy each other.

I'm not even sure why I'm writing this. Not worth the effort.  
Nothing anyone could say, is gonna change my mind. I'll probably read responses, maybe I'll reply.

In all complete honesty, my life, as dumb as it sound, was actually pretty good. Wasn't ever hungry or thirsty. I guess you could try to guilt me to stick it out.
But I won't. I'm a selfish prick. Fine. 
I don't have any ambitions or dreams. I don't want spend another eight years, trying to get better. 
That's what the doctor said. It's gonna take eight years of medicated therapy to help me. Gonna have to switch meds a couple of times and go to many therapists until I find what works for me. Huge risk of relapse.

I don't have the patience or the will to go through it again. I'd rather be dead.

It's not like I'm special. There are 7 billion people in the world. A suicide happens every 17 minutes. By the time you finished reading this someone has allready killed him/herself.
Maybe I'll join all of them, when I go. Who knows?

 I have tied and re-tied a noose, so it's done right. Been walking in the woods, found a good spot, far away from trails.  
I will take a while for anyone to find me.




    



 




  


 
  