I'm just tired of lifeI feel almost like I was brought into this world to be mediocre and a failure. I'm so tired of all the needless struggles that I have to face and they just seem beyond unfair as compared to everyone else. I mean some days are okay but most days are so hard to get though. I felt like maybe writing it all down in the hopes that maybe it will make things a little better. Sorry for the long read ahead. Tl:dr – I’m ugly, bi in a very religious community, broke and hiv positive with zero job prospects.

Some backstory. I grew up in a conservative, religious upper middle income family. For starters i'm almost 30 and not doing so well in the looks department. I mean growing up it didn't really affect me cause looks didn’t really matter then but when I got to go to university in another country all the looks and stares really got to me. That’s honestly when things really started going downhill for me. I went to university relatively young and only really started to realize that I was bi. I was head over heels for a good friend of mine (a guy) but with my looks, I could never get the nerve to tell him how I feel. He treated me differently to all his other friends and even today when he texts me I just want to let it all out but he’s in another country and has a girlfriend (even though I suspect he is also bi) so I never really got closure on that end and it still really bothers me that I can’t move on. After I left university, I got in touch with a girl that I liked in high school who was also finishing up her university and heading home. She was my first true love and I couldn’t wait to see her and basically profess my love for her. In the months leading up to her return, I ended up getting pricked by a needle and contracting hiv (just my luck right) and was on my death bed for a while. Sadly, that’s the last time I remember legitimately being happy. Happy because it was all going to end – all the pain and suffering. But somehow I got “better” and now I’m on my medication but that all but confirmed that I will never be loved. I was depressed for a really long time but I threw myself into work to get my mind off things. I ended up getting a crappy job after a while which I absolutely hated and threw my depression back into focus. This time I couldn’t even hide it, people would notice me pulling away and I didn’t even care. After a while I decided to quit my job and try and start my own company. Possibly something that would make me happy. I found a partner and we started a software development company but we or should I say I am failing abysmally. My partner is never around and doesn’t really care anymore so I end up doing all the work on my own. It’s been almost a year and I’ve made no sales. Even though I’ve given it my all, working tirelessly every day, once again I have failed. I can’t stand the fact that I have to go to my parents and tell them I have failed once again which will lead to me getting a crappy job and depression kicking in all over again. I live in a third world country where software development is not valued at all (unlike the rest of the bloody world) so I have zero job prospects. I wouldn’t mind leaving to pursue a post graduate degree somewhere in the world but I’m afraid that once I leave I will just stop taking my medication and die in some foreign land out of depression. I don’t even know how to get medication or if they would accept me with my hiv status and honestly, researching it is all the more depressing. 

I just don’t understand what I have done to deserve this kind of life and I honestly only see it ending one way. It may not be today, it may not be tomorrow but I just know that one day I will snap and just end this miserable existence of mine on my own.
