Does the pain ever end and will I ever find satisfaction and be happy. That’s really all I want. If not, I feel like just quitting.I have always felt inadequate. I grew up in a very strict religious home. My father was a baptist pastor and I “accepted Christ” at 5 or 6. Whether I fully understood it, I don’t know. But I do know that as I grew older I always felt like a “bad Christian” and a let down, especially as i explored sexuality. Basically my preteen and teenage years were a combination of a pure fear of death and a utter guilt of my sexuality. 

As time grew on, I became addict to porn and masturbation. Which ad life developed and time took its toll; my mother died at the age of 21 and  I found solace in porn, bdsm, and fetish. Which did not align with my spiritual beliefs. 

To compound on top of my mothers unexpected death, I dealt with I now realize as being serve depression as a teenager, beginning with my first break up at 16. I used to play with my fathers loaded revolver and lay in bed and imagine writing my note. 

As I progressed into my twenties my porn “addiction” or dependency increase so did my guilt and shame. I eventually lost my virginity at 22, the ultimate black mark as a Christian, or so I perceived it. 

Depression still sever. I fucked as many women as possible. I was in therapy and SA (an anonymous 12 step) several times with no relief. I found the most wonderful and beautiful woman I have ever met to this day, I still day dream about her. She Broke my heart after 4 months of dating and preparing for engagement  and left me for her ex-husband, she was only 24 at the time. 

Time passed, I stayed depressed, thought I might have been gay/trans and my therapist diagnosed me as a sex addict as a 14 on a scale of 20. Lots of money spent on chats and p2p sites. 

In 2018 I met a girl on a hook up, and I thought she was my savior. I professed love within 3 weeks. We were engaged yesterday.  But yet I was online chatting and sexting women today. And trans women a month ago. 

I’m so depressed. I feel as if I’m an awful person. A despicable person, an atrocious Christian, and a shame of lover/fiancé. There’s been days leading up to the engagement, I’ve just wanted to leave her, but we moved a thousand miles away from where we lived to be close to her family, and I feel I’m in too deep now to do anything  but marry her. But there’s fucking shit that drives me insane about her.

Here I am again. A day our engagement, thinking about and planning my own death, somehow that I avoided 2 years ago drunk at a dam with a bottle of whisky and a glock.

TL;RD
I feel there’s no way to find happiness and satisfaction except to go out before it gets worse. I feel I bought into a fake lie of what life should be like, and I’ll never truly by happy or content, especially with a partner