I don't believe I'm sick\*Throwaway account for obvious reasons\*

&amp;#x200B;

Hi everybody!

&amp;#x200B;

I'm looking for people who can relate to my story, or people that understand and maybe agree with me without feeling the same. Please be kind, I am not looking for a fight or to change anyone's mind on this. I just want to see if there are people out there that are like this too. 

I am a twenty-something girl attending university for a couple of years now. I have always had a loving family and plenty of friends. I feel like I am a relatively good-looking, smart and kind person, nothing extraordinary, but I am pleased with myself in general. I have never gone through any major trauma's or weird experiences. And yet, I have wanted to die from a very young age (not giving specific info, because I don't want anyone to find me).

I cannot remember a time when I didn't want to die. I feel like there is no meaning to life, I don't see a reason to keep living at all. And, however depressing that sounds, I don't feel bad about it at all. I just feel like I'm supposed to be dead and can't understand why no one else seems to feel this way. I feel like I've lived a good life and I'm ready to go. I always compare it to a theme park, where you want to stay for a while because it's fun, but then you want to leave, because you're tired and you did what you wanted there. The point is; it's not that I feel emotional and want to end in because of those feelings. It's that I objectively want this, and I've wanted this for years. 

Every person irl that I've told this story to is very shocked and I feel like I've hurt them a lot. I've lost good friends simply because I feel I can't keep this to myself anymore. Only a couple of people in my life know this now, and they're actively trying to keep me from committing suicide or hurting myself in any other way. 

I have gone to several therapist, psychologists and psychiatrists with my story and they keep putting different labels on me. Depression, bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, a LOT of other PDs, etc. I've had a lot of different treatments, including group therapy, but I just don't feel that I'm sick at all. They keep referring me to different specialists because no one can quite pinpoint what's wrong. I've also been told that "it's just a phase" and that I "should excersize more" and all that stuff for years and years. 

So, in short: I'm trying to find people with similar beliefs. People that don't think they are sick or depressed, because they don't have any other symptoms, but want to end their life. I have never met enyone else, so I hope to find someone here!

Feel free to comment, even if you don't feel this way, or don't believe me. Everything is helpful. Just try to be respectful. 