Love doesn't exist. And I get that now, even if I had to learn the hard way.All my life, I thought that deep down inside everyone there was goodness. I used to think that there was always hope. I used to think that, despite everything, the people who hurt me endlessly still loved me, but did it out of ignorance. I kept telling myself that people were good, the world is good, I just needed to hold on and things would get better.

But now I know better. Those are lies I was using as coping mechanisms. Now I finally see that things don't always get better. No one loves me, and no one ever will, because love doesn't actually exist. People think it does. They think they love someone, but as soon as it turns out the person isn't the way they want them to be, they don't care about them anymore. I don't know what having someone love me unconditionally love feels like. Now I know it doesn't exist.

My own parents, the people who I'm supposed to trust the most, the people who are supposed to be here for me no matter what, abused me growing up. And, on top of that, my sister used to lock me inside my room all day when they were gone, threatening me every time she heard me take a step. I could only come downstairs to eat. I was too scared to tell on her. One day I woke up with her hand around my neck. I had nightmares about her hurting me.

My dad beat me and my brothers and sister. He beats them until they bruise. Over anything. When they left trash on the floor, they got a beating. I cried so hard sometimes I couldn't explain that the trash on the floor wasn't mine. I cried so hard sometimes I couldn't breathe. I still have the image of him walking down the stairs with the belt in his hand looking at me with the scariest face I've seen him make. I still have the image of him beating his wife, my step-mother, on the floor and ripping her hair out as we all screamed and had to call the cops. I still remember that the cops did nothing, since she was too scared of him, so she lied.

My mother never loved me either. She was verbally abusive, sometimes physically. She'd always tell us she wished we were never born. But I didn't ask to be born, and I wish I wasn't either. Any time we made a mistake, she'd yell at us and berate us for it until we felt worthless. I still remember how scary she looked when she was choking my sister. I still remember how no matter how many times I hit her, she wouldn't stop. I still remember how the cops did nothing, and took her word for it despite my sister pleading with them. I still remember how cold she looked, how she screamed at my face when I told her I wanted to die.

My friends left me, and the one I have left does not understand. She defends my mother constantly, but so did the ones who left. Maybe they thought I was lying. Maybe they didn't believe me. My mother was always so good at pretending to be the perfect mom when guests were over, but the moment she'd leave, her mask would come off. The friends I had left due to my depression, and the girl I thought was my best friend joined them, after putting me down and insulting me constantly just like my mother did to me.

Love does not exist. I see that now, loud and clear. Love and hope were the only reasons I stuck around. And without them, I have no reason to.

Maybe I'll change my mind. Maybe I'll go through with it. But regardless, I guess I should go ahead and say goodbye.