See what you thinkHello peoples of r/SuicideWatch. I only just finally got onto reddit and seeing a particular post by Reddit user Paaaaaaaaaaaaa from some years ago expressing how they felt it has made me want to speak my mind

I hate living - not in the emo sense of “oh, life’s fucking pointless” because actually I think life is a great thing for lots of people. I’ve been struggling with depression since I was 13 years old. Sometimes in large waves, sometimes in little puddles. I was diagnosed with a severe form of autism when I was about 10 and it just spawned a world of issues

I wake up sometimes angry, not at others but myself. I sit at the table often staring at food I don’t want because i don’t deserve it. I sit at the back of class wishing to fuck I could just get Thanos to snap me out of existence or for a school shooter to just blast holes into me

Point is, I’m just a shit human. Not like those cunts who molest kids or blow up buildings but in the moral sense I’m not good. I lie to my parents about everything, I hurt those that care for me and most importantly I pick out people’s individual faults and can never see the one big fault that’s clear - me

It’s mostly my mum. She does so much for me and my successes wouldn’t be without her. But I just feel so angry and aggressive all the time and whenever she asks/nags me to do soemthing I respond aggressively and feel at the time unapologetic, but then afterwards guilty. This then often leads to the cutting and beating 

I have the issue that many depressed people have - cowardice. I never have the balls to finish myself off - god knows I want to. I’ve tied a noose to my garage roof, thought about it so many times. I stood on the railings of a hotel in Italy, thought about it so many times. I’ve held a blade to my wrist in the bath quite hard, thought about it so many times. But if I could put a positive thing out there, I thought more for my family’s reaction and how they would feel. So I have to make do with what I’ve got

If I can’t die then I can do to myself what I do to others. I take my exact 0 blade or pencil sharpener blade and drag big fucking lines down my hands when I’ve hurt my family. I also enjoy beating my hands with an aerosol or punching my face in the shower to hide the crying. I don’t deserve to live because I don’t change - I never change. If I can hurt myself then it silences the big fucking whining bug that hangs around me which is life. Pain is a friend to me, it blocks out everything else and watching myself bleed or feeling a blade slice into my flesh fills me with a pleasing circulation of punishment. I’m just so angry all the time and take it out on other people; thinking about what I’d do to someone. I once told someone I would beat them till they cried and they laughed but I was so angry I knew I meant it

And don’t even get me started on the girls. I’ve been rejected so many times and I know it’s because of my fucking asbergers that girls don’t want to associate themselves with that fucking freak in the corner. That whole fucking bollocks about: “there’s another fish in the sea” is all fucking nonsense and was clearly made by some sort of therapist for a heartbroken suicidal or some shit. So there’s another fucking reason for wanting to be dead

I’m just so tired of fighting a losing battle with my emotions. I’ve forgotten what it’s like to be content in myself, to look at myself every day in the mirror and say: “yeah, that’s not too bad”. Now when I look all I think is: “oh you fucking ugly disgusting autistic cunt, think you’re so flash with that new haircut?”. I honestly can’t remember the last time I loved myself, because I’m too busy wishing my whole body would just fucking rot away

Okay, I’m exaggerating slightly - I’m not feeling depressed all the time. But I’m one of those people that has to have structure in their day - and when there isn’t structure in the quiet moments builds my extreme self-hatred and massive emptiness. Lockdown really has made me negatively drag into myself

I’m getting help now, not that I wanted it, because people found out. I’ve never really spoken about it, but I find things a lot easier to write out. Sorry if I ruined the day of anyone who might have read this, or maybe this will dwindle into the fucking back catalogue of this r/, kind of like where I belong: forgotten and unloved