I try my best to live a full lifeI eat healthy. I exercise. I keep my house relatively clean. I go out to try and celebrate little successes with a dinner or movie with my husband. We own and operate our own business together. I play with my cats and dogs. I do all of the things “normal” people are supposed to do... 

And still, all I can think about is how badly I want to kill myself every day. I am young, just 25, but thinking about living, even just for a few more years, seems absolutely miserable. 

My OCD gives me crazy obsessive thoughts about people from my past, past mistakes, guilty feelings, having a baby, and suicide. I literally think about my first boyfriend from high school every single day/night still. We broke up 7-8 years ago, both are married, and him and his wife are pregnant with their first child. I am so happy for him to have escaped me so young, found a nice and beautiful woman to settle down and have kids with. I know deep down that I am happy for his happiness, but my OCD gives me these terrible, terrible thoughts that I just can’t live with. 

I think about how badly I want to be pregnant and have a baby (hormones) all the damn time and husband and I are considering but I’m so fucking suicidal that how could I bring a baby into my fucked up world? But it’d probably keep me alive at least during that time. 

I want a normal life so bad but I can’t have one. Every time we start to think life can be normal, another consequence from one of our pasts comes up and makes life extremely difficult again.

I want to move. Pack up and move with my family somewhere far away. But we’re poor. And every time we try to make money, we binge spend it all on “fun” things to try to make ourselves happy again instead of saving it to actually pack up and leave and maybe have a chance at real happiness. 

I’m so lost. I don’t want to try anymore. All of my days are becoming mental health days and nothing helps me feel better. I want to crawl into a cave and sit in the fetal position until I die. Maybe attempt to climb Mt Everest so I can die cold and peacefully frozen to death, experiencing beautiful nature. 

I keep telling myself that if I get to my next birthday, the anniversary of my mom’s suicide, without leaving, that I will kill myself that day. But now January is approaching much more rapidly than I thought it would, and it’s very unlikely we will stumble upon enough money to move or travel in that amount of time, especially with holidays coming up. 

Everyone says life gets better, but as I age, it just keeps getting worse. The “best years of your life” are supposed to be your early 20’s and I spend all that time in an toxic and mentally abusive relationship, drinking a lot of alcohol and doing a ton of drugs to cope, spiraling myself into an infinite loop of fucking up my life, paying for it, and trying to piece it back together constantly. Mistakes me or my husband made 4-6 years ago creeping back and biting us in the ass now. Running us out of our town. Plus endless family drama to boot. 

I could go on forever. Why my life sucks. Why I hate myself. I could also give you a few reasons to live but the list is infinitely shorter than the list of reasons to die. But I’m probably too much of a pussy to ever go through with it anyways. Too broken to live, to scared to give myself the relief I crave. Great. 