No one wants to talk to you if you're 20 or above, it's impossible to get a career with a degree, and you're looked down upon for even criticizing anything that's wrong with how this generation is treatedI really hate how you're treated like shit if you try to "DM" or talk to any guy or girl online to try to establish any type of friendship. I have no idea why you're treated like a pathetic human being for attempting to do so if you're in the college age group of 19-24. I can't make any type of fucking friends no matter how hard I try.

I also hate how it's nearly impossible to start a career in this type of generation, even with a degree. I know it's a meme for stuff like this, but it's incredibly frustrating as someone who has to self-sustain and live alone. That's an entirely different argument, but I'm part of the group who are in debt and still make the same as someone who works at McDonald's.

If I ever try to criticize that fact, I'm bombarded with hateful comments, whether it is on the inter or in real life. It's incredibly frustrating to be verbally stomped on for having a huge disadvantage at life. Social Media has given us the option to be picky, so therefore, people don't like to make actual friends if they realize they have infinite options. I don't want to make this some political/philosophical type of argument, but it's true. I sincerely hate how being "social" works now, now that the internet is a thing. It's hard, it's frustrating, and I feel like it's unfair for both sides. It's getting to the point where I'd rather not bother to "battle" for a live-able 50k a year wage for the next 60 years of my life, or battle to get a spouse that doesn't have 60 dating apps at their disposable, or any type of shit like that.


I'm sorry if I sound like a 60 year father who hates technology or some shit like that. I usually have reasoning when I post stuff, especially if that "stuff" is my shitty opinions, but I'm drunk, and I've been experiencing it since I was 14. I'm 21, now, and it hasn't gotten better. I thought the advancement of technology would make people more social and open, but it's made things infinitely worse. I explained in the worst way possible most likely, but I feel like it's just not tolerable for me anymore, and I'd literally rather kill myself than deal with it. I feel alone because I'll see a comment or thread that mentions this every couple of months, and they get raped with negative response. I don't blame the people who post the negative response, but there *are* people who are taking the fucking blunt edge of the sword from how people interact with society now that a super-computer is in their pockets and have the freedom to just not talk to people.