I just don't know what to do, I feel like I'm falling apart.I never thought I'd post here, but here goes.

I've struggled with feeling worthless and wanting to end my life for years. It was particularly bad between Year 8 and 10 at school, got a bit better in Year 11 and 12, and ever since I started Uni it's been creeping back. But today is definitely the worst I've felt about it in a very long time.

I feel like I have no options but to just grit my teeth, struggle through it and shoulder this weight on my own. I wrote up a note earlier this morning, but ended up burning it because I couldn't bare having it around me. I want to die, but I don't want to kill myself. I just want some relief from the constant stress, anxiety and pressure of living and trying to satisfy what everyone needs and wants of me.

I went for a drive to try and clear my head after spending hours and hours and hours running through my head why I should kill myself, how I should do it, what should I leave behind. I drove past the spot where I was planning to drive my car off the road into trees, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. Not yet.

After that I drove to the nearby hospital and sat and cried in the parking lot. I wanted to walk into the emergency ward and just say that I'm feeling suicidal and need help, but I can't. I've had a friend struggle with suicide and he was nothing but ridiculed and eventually excluded by my friends for how he constantly thought we were persecuting him. I don't want to lose my friends, I already feel so distant from everyone, at least I appear to have a normal life, I don't want to lose that.

I want to check myself into that hospital, but I just have too many people relying on me to keep going and acting normal. My parents are heading away in a week to go to Europe for a month, there's no way they'd go if I spent the week in hospital. It's my dad's and my little brother's first trip overseas, they've booked so much, I don't want to stop them. I also have a bunch of uni assessment coming up, I couldn't get it finished if I spent the week in hospital. 

It's all just too much. All I want to do is to feel better and not have this battle going on in my head about if today is the day that I'll go through with it, but I haven't got the option of seeking professional help. I'm just scared that one day I'll gather the strength to kill myself, because I feel less and less like I can hold myself together.