I feel doneI'm just so tired of everything. I went to a therapist at my university. The first session went well and I was hopeful that I was doing something to improve my life. I went to the second one and it started off okish. But then she said I must feel stuck (which is true) and it's something that has really affected me and I feel like my depression had greatly affected my motivation in general and I have an overall fear of making decisions. I explained to her my circumstances and why I have these fears. I was hoping to work through these but she kept insisting that I felt stuck and I was not ready to change. That I had a wall up and she had been trying various methods during the session when, at least in my view, she just kept repeating the phrase I am stuck. I don't understand why she kept assuming I don't want to change my circumstances and she made me feel very unwelcome. She said I should come back when I feel ready to work through things and then suddenly asked if I was going to schedule another session. I honestly started tearing up because I felt like I was saying very personal things trying to explain why I do these things and how I am feeling. The fact that I go to therapy on my own terms is me trying. I felt like she was making assumptions and making me feel very unwelcome by the end of the session. She said she sensed an ambivalence in me , which I do as a result of my depression, and she just started to look at me very differently. I feel like she wanted me to be really happy and want to start a brand new amazing life but I'm in one of my worst depressive episodes. The first session I had with her I had gotten a lot of sleep, looked put together, and acted happy for the majority of the time. I just feel violated that she saw me at my worst and said I wasn't trying hard enough for her continue to treat me. No patient is perfect and I'm going there because I have problems like this. I know every therapist has different methods but for someone who practices ACT I was appalled. And she said maybe she pushed too hard but I needed to be more ready. I skipped all of my classes for the day and cried in my dorm room because I was so upset. I just want to kill myself to stop feeling this emptiness. At least that way I'll have made a decision and I don't have to deal with people using me or judging me instead of caring about my happiness. I just want a sense of peace