I Need Someone that UnderstandsOk, I'm just writing how my past week and a bit has gone, because the way things have happened, I am quite honestly terrified. I'll start with a bit of backstory. I'm a week and a half off 20, was diagnosed with depression and have been taking increasing amounts of fluoxetine (prozac) since I was 17. I've been stable on my current dose of 40mg for a year and a half. Last Wednesday, I was irritable and it grew. As I've described it to someone, it's like the past week a tumor has been in control of me. On that Wednesday, I tried to kill myself, and I've spent the past week recuperating mentally. The method I used did not cause any lasting physical damage (I would explain, but the guidelines say not to), but safe to say that wouldn't be causing any of what has happened after. I went back to university yesterday, and I felt normal, happy even. Today, all I have is rage. It's not the normal depression, it's like I just want to watch everything that exists burn. And yet, I still want to die. I think I was 18 when I realized that what I want most is death, however I have committed myself to not doing so for the sake of loved ones, the whole "It doesn't end the pain, it spreads it" jizzazz. I'm trying to keep my pain inside, and I want to be happy. My life is not actually that bad objectively, and besides the depression which stops me from functioning as a human being often, I am quite a happy person. Sure, the last week I've been getting an average of 16 hours sleep a night, but I'm normally happyish.

Ok, if my writing starts deteriorating from here, it's because I have so much more I want to say but my words are now failing me. I apologize in advance.

I want to die. I truly, honestly, with all my heart, want to die. Even when I'm not depressed, even when I'm happy, what I want more than anything is to end my own life. I don't want it to hurt, I don't want to to hurt others, but when I think about the world, when I think about everything that there is out there for everyone, I want to leave this world. I don't believe in an afterlife, and in fact I'm glad I don't, as I don't want to go to Heaven with happy butterflies or be reincarnated as a better person. I want an end. I accept that I am an irreparably broken human being, and that any life that I am able to live will be a farce in comparison to the average person. While I have a counselors and doctors appointment in a week's time, while I may get better medication that may fix me, I look at the tedium of the world, how people hurt each other, how much unnecessary bullshit there is in the world, and I want it to end.

Honestly though, right now I'm starting to feel like the world isn't even real. It feels like I'm caught in a poorly made video game, or a bad reality TV show. Like every single thing that happens is organized, preordained somehow, like the world is aiming itself at me, maybe even enjoying my suffering. I try to remain a logical person, so I obviously know this is false, but I cannot help but feel it. Hell, my own mother today asked me to join a club so that she could send a message to someone who stole her laptop, saying a friend of a friend is part of my country's biggest gang, and that she wants to give him a chance to return it before she 'puts a hit on him'. Coming from the woman who growing up, was appalled at a man she knew that killed someone because he thought someone else was harassing/beating etc. his girlfriend, that was a big shock, and not something I need freshly coming back into the world. I know my title is I need someone that understands, and I don't strictly expect anyone to understand my entire situation; hell, at this point I'm probably just ranting (as well as the fact that I don't even fully understand this situation), but I know that I'm scared. Don't worry guidelines, I know you're not a hotline, I'm not planning to kill myself tonight. I was originally planning to post in /r/depression until when I clicked post, and it recommended here if suicide is a factor.

BEFORE YOU RESPOND: All I ask for is a non-judgemental environment where people are willing to give input. I don't expect you to have all the answers, or to magically fix my problems, or anything like that, I just want to know I'm heard and, if at all possible, that somebody understands where I'm coming from. Maybe even someone who knows that things can change, because I don't.