I don't know what to sayMy entire life has felt weird with relationships. I can't keep friends, I can't keep a friend group. After my longest relationship just ending in the worst way and trying my best to stay on course and focus on myself and focus on social health because I know things are getting worse, I just can't. Nobody wants me around. I'm alone all the time. I'm depressed all the time. I'm running out of anxiety medication and can't do anything but lay in bed all day. Things aren't getting better no matter how hard I try. No matter how many times I ask for help or try to make things better, they don't get better. Things have been downhill for such a long time and I just have nobody to vent, and anyone who wants to talk will text me and tell me the same thing. It's all good, it gets better, it's fine. You don't need her. You don't need them. I don't need anyone then? I need someone. I don't even have myself. I just want a phone call every now and again. I want to know someone actually cares enough to reply to a text when I'm asking to hang out or for someone to call when I haven't been heard from in days but nobody notices.  I don't know what to say and right now this isn't making any sense to anyone I'm sure. My post history is a depressing series of "help me" followed by a day of random redditors messaging me and then me giving up because I just lose any hope in keeping contact with anyone. But here's the problem. I'll go to bed in a moment. Fall asleep. Wake up tomorrow with no texts. No calls. No messages, I know exactly how ill spend my time tomorrow. It'll be the same as the past few months. I hate what I am and how I am. I feel like there is something wrong with me and everyone knows but nobody will tell me. Everyone but me knows. Why will nobody tell m.?why is my life like this.. Why did I mesd things up. Why don't things get better for me? I'm going to bed and this feels like nothing more than me shouting into a public diary. I don't know what to say.