I really don't look forward to having to be alive for the next 50 or so years.I've had depression issues for so long, and I am horrible at asking for help, I'm afraid to talk to people about it, for one I have time coming to terms with the fact that someone would care, and I'm also afraid of speaking true feelings that would ultimately cause others to seek professional help for me, essentially making it public.

I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder a couple of months ago, they got me started on mood stabilizers which definitely have a positive effect, but don't fix the issue.  I feel so out of place around my friends, they're just so confident and and genuine that I just feel like they like me out of obligation, I cant even fathom what I might bring to the table for them.  I have no confidence or self esteem, I let people walk over me and I accept every negative aspect of my life as something I deserve, I hate my physical appearance, and no one ever seems to react positively to me.  I have no interest in things I once enjoyed, I'm growing so apart from my family and it tears at my heartstrings but I know I'll never let them know how much I love them and appreciate their love.

I hate how miserable I am all the time and the feelings only get worse, no matter how many doctors I talk to nothing helps.  I have such a mountain of financial debt, and I just don't know how anyone could actually expect me to be ok with willingly going on, it doesn't seem fair that I'm pressured to stay alive. I don't want to.  The thought of how much life I have left ahead of me only makes me feel more hopeless.  I don't look forward to living out the rest of my life, it causes this fear that is so real, and I've never experienced anything like it before.  

I'm ashamed and embarrassed that I harm myself frequently, but no one will ever know it.  I initially thought I would want someone to confide to but now I'm thinking that I wouldn't even want that, the thought of someone actually loving me and truly caring about my well being seems absurd.

I don't want to kill myself, and I don't plan on it anytime soon, but I know I'm not happy being alive anymore.