I haven't been to school in a month, and nobody cares.I'm afraid to sign onto my facebook. Not because of what I'll see, but instead, of what I won't. I know that if I sign on, there will not be one single message sent to me. Just like there hasn't for the past month of school that I've missed. Nobody knows why I've missed these days, and obviously, they don't care. I haven't spoken to my so called best friend in weeks. None of my friends at all have even tried to reach me. I could be dead, for all they know, but they just don't give two shits. 

I guess I should be used to all of this, though. No one ever cares about me. I know I sound like an annoying 12 year old but... It's true. My mother left me. When my dad threatened to kick me out for being bisexual she wouldn't even let me move in with her. Even now she only pays 25$ a month for child support. Like, really? 25 bucks? What can I even buy with that? The books I need for school? Some new clothes I desperately need?  No. It's 25 fucking bucks. Worthless. 

And my sister. God. She's two fucking obsessed with her perfect god damn life to give a shit about me. I can't fucking stand her. The way she thinks she's sooooo much better than everyone else. “Oh, I went to university! You're going to have a shitty life if you don't go to university! You'll end up flipping burgers, or being a whore! But, oh, um, right.” Yeah, you went to university. For what, a month? Before you dropped out? Sure, you're going back, but now you have student loans to pay for. Which, would be okay, if you actually had money. And you should, since you work almost every single fucking day. But no, you have like, what? 10 bucks in the bank? Where the fuck does it all go? And, jesus. Would you stop begging for attention wherever you go? Like, seriously. Stop crying because your friend won't hang out with you, or dad gets mad at you. At least you have friends. At least dad only gets mad at you like once a year. And when he does, it's like, “You did this thing that is wrong. It was wrong. Don't do it again.” When I even fucking move I'm threatened to be kicked out. But, yeah, whatever, ignore me. Have fun with your pretty and perfect fucking life. 

And, fuck. Dad. God. I hate you more than anyone in the world. Well, no. Okay, I hate you more than 99% of the people in the world. But, whatever. You're so terrible to me. Don't think that I forget all the times you used to hit me. Sure, you don't do it anymore, but that doesn't mean I'm not terrified every second of every day. And jesus, do you really have to get drunk every single night? That's why we fight. And, of course, because you're a huge fucking asshole. You're not fair to me. Yeah, I'm gay. Yeah, I'm ugly. Yeah, I'm stupid. Yeah, I have ocd, and I'm depressed. But you know what? You're the one who had the kid. You should of been fucking prepared for anything. So, sorry I'm not the perfect daughter you always wanted. You have that in my sister. I'm not asking you to love me. I know that'll never happen in a million years. I just wish you'd leave me the hell alone. 

Every night... I dread going to bed. I dread closing my eyes, and relaxing. I dread the moment I stop reading, writing, or listening to something, and it's just silence. Because then everything comes to attack me. I shake, violently. All through the night. I feel fear fill me, and I can't sit still. I'm exhausted by the time I fall asleep, but sleeping doesn't help. Because then, I dream. But, they're not dreams. They're not all really nightmares, either. They seem like normal dreams. I'm planting things in a video game, I'm in a hotel pool, I'm looking for DS games in my cousins bed room. But even when they're totally normal things, the full time, I'm filled with fear. I'm confused to the point of no end. It's like somethings hovering over me, ready to attack. I guess that thing is the nightmares. Every night there's at least one real nightmare. And, almost every night, it's of the same thing, happening different ways. Always just like what he did, but never him. I don't know what I'll do when the dream comes that is him. I don't want to sleep anymore. I'm tired of sleeping. 

School is fucking stupid. I'm trapped in a small, stuffy and stinky room, and forced to write down all I remember to see if I'm stupid or not. Sure, that's not that bad. But, I have ocd. Sometimes (most of the time), little things bother me. Seeing him wiggle his foot. Hearing her tap the desk. Watching the teacher smack her gum. I can not stand those things. They physically hurt me. How the hell am I supposed to do school work, when I'm using all of my power to not scream and cry? And, fuck. I have to go to my third period class every fucking day, and see him. And I know the teacher knows, and I know he never speaks to me. But that doesn't mean it's all okay. He walks past me, as much as he can. He tries to touch me, but luckily, he's never succeeded. He looks into my eyes. He smiles at me. I can't take it, I can't breath. I can't smell because I'll smell him, and it'll engulf me. I can't breath, I can't see, I can't move. Every single time, I fall into darkness. I often wish I'd stay there. 

Counsellors, too, are stupid. I know they're trying their best. My school counsellor is actually really fucking awesome. Anytime I need her and she's not teaching, she's right there to help me. But, that doesn't mean she doesn't make bad decisions. She said, she couldn't go on any longer not telling anyone. She had to tell someone. So, she told a lady from Child and Family. That was okay. I spoke to the lady. A bit of a bitch, but... It was okay. They were going to give me time to tell my father myself. No one was going to say a word. It was all up to me. But, if it was all up to me, why, about a week later, did a police officer show up at my door, looking for me? Do you know the shit I had to go through with my dad? Sure, I had told him, but only days before. Did you know, if I hadn't, that he possibly could of done something like, seriously bad? But it was working out for the most part. I spoke to the police officer. She was nice. She said she wouldn't do anything until I was ready. She did let it slip that the person who contacted me was from Child and Family. That bitch. That fucking bitch. She said she wouldn't tell anyone. There's like, rules. She's not supposed to tell anyone. That's the way it goes. You can fucking bet I'm never talking to her again. 

My other counsellor is nice, too. But she just doesn't care, and I know it. I can only make it in about every second week. So, there's a bit of time between when I don't see her. And, I get that she talks to other people, and has her own life. But it's kind of annoying when she forgets every single thing about my life every single time. Does she not care at all? Why did I even ask that. Of course she doesn't. I guess it doesn't matter, though. Even though the counselling is free, apparently paying 10-15 bucks for gas is just too big of a fucking deal, so I won't be able to see her anymore. Bye bye. 

There's so many more things I could go on about. I could go on about my best friend, who only ever speaks to me when he has a problem of his own. Or my romantic interest, who can't stand me when I'm even a little bit upset, or I don't want to sext. I could go on about my friend who just wants to play me, and even though he knows about him, he still acts all buddy buddy around him. He knows it kills me, but he does it anyway. I could also talk about him. The one that ruined my life. The 1% that I hate more than my father. But I don't think I can, actually. I think I'd just throw up. 

I'm still so afraid to go on facebook. 