I just got dumpedI'm 18 so I guess its just a dumb high school relationship. We were together for a year and a few months.

She made me so happy. What hurts the most is that as I was falling more and more in love, she was falling less and less.


I hate that she can just go on with her life and be successful. She is going to a better college (CalTech (man it actually really hurts to read that name), I'm going to a lame state school in Texas), has more friends, and didn't depend on me for anything apparently.


Everyone says it gets better but idk. I was suicidal, but she was the one thing that kept me happy. Now I don't have her and I'm realizing that I'm so alone and that nothing else makes me happy. I got a good job and bought the thing I wanted most (the HTC Vive virtual reality system) but even that doesn't make me happy. 

I just want to kill myself. I can afford to buy a gun now, so I'm thinking I might do that. 

My parents are getting divorced too. Yet my mom doesn't want to kill herself? It's so stupid that I'm thinking of killing myself over this dumb highschool relationship yet she is going on with her life after losing her husband of many years.


man i just made a post in /r/vent and now reddit is telling me im posting too much, so i guess i will post in 3 minutes.

i just need help. I would like to find someone else. But it seems like I depend on my SO too much. I haven't been single for the last 4 years. Every time a relationship ends I just jump to a new one.

I have really bad acne so I don't think I could actually get anyone to like me. I've been taking prescription cream for it (tretinoin) for the last 2-3 months and it hasn't done anything.

i'm afraid to get help. last time i got help they sent me to a mental hospital, and that was by far the worst experience of my life. i ended up going to court to get myself our of there. it made things worse not better. i just wanted to talk to somebody.


edit: sorry for such a long post. im gonna add some formatting for your viewing pleasure

edit: nvm my formatting is not working very well

P.S. thanks for reading