I Deserve to Die. If you knew me for who I was you would agreeHi thanks for clicking on this. I have never used this before and I am just here to 'verbalize' my frustrations in life. First of all if you clicked this then I assume you know about depression and suicidal ideation. If you don't depression is a number of psychologic and some physical factors that range in severity and with or without some of the possible symptoms. Suicidal ideation is where you have thoughts of suicide, which you may or may not intend to act upon. Thats all as the technical explanations go. As for me, I believe I deserve to die. Not because of an irrational belief, but because of something I have done. I hate myself, I am a failure. I have and never will be good enough for anything. I am a burden to my family. I cause them pain and suffering needlessly. I fail to help those around me who need it most. I turned my back on those not unlike me because of social pressures. I have permanently ruined someone extremely close to me with no way to fix it. I am an asshole to those around whether I mean to be or not. My mother thinks I am a failure. My family would think I am a failure if they knew my sexual orientation. I am a failure to my father because if I tell him about my depression I will be unable to join the military. I don't feel happy and I feel like I want to cry but when I try to I can't. I plan to kill myself soon. If I make it to aduot hood I plan to attain a low risk life insurance plan and either drive off a cliff or shoot myself with one of my fathers shotguns. I am a failure in everything else in life: to family, to friends, to myself. I never had a plan for my life and it all seems pointless. I look for hope or for someone's words on sites like these to make me feel something but I don't. I feel like a coward for not have already killed myself. It seems to me that someone who is such a failure to those around you that if I told you my crimes you would despise me. I am a despicable waste of human space and it feels generous saying that. I hope that you understand that my premature death is fairly inevitable. If you feel the need to reply to this verbal manure then do so not in a supportive way, but rather in a way reminding me of my atricities. Thank you and have a goodnight!