Dumb suicidal teenI'm a junior in high school and I don't see the point in living anymore. I have no self confidence and I'm embarrassed about every aspect of myself. I act really stupid, I'm academically pretty intelligent but whenever I talk to people I sound like an idiot. My body is ugly, I'm too skinny but my stomach sticks out, I'm REALLY flat chested, have ugly bony features. My face makes it look like I'm in middle school. I have no talents whatsoever, not in any sports or clubs or anything. 

I'm stressed out by school. I'm not ready to grow up. I'm too clueless to do things on my own, I always have to have someone else to tell me what to do. Driving is terrifying to me but all of my friends have their licenses and everyone expects me to get mine once I turn 16. College is around the corner and I don't want to leave. 

I'm really lonely. My friends are great but I don't feel like i can tell them anything. They are all really close to each other/tell each other everything but they don't talk to me as much. I'm out of the loop on a lot of stuff, I'm the last to know about everything. I've only had one boyfriend and we dated for about two months and barely talked to each other, we only hung out a few times outside of school. We never even kissed each other. All of my friends have had boyfriends and have actual experience. I just feel left out. My life is extremely uneventful. 

I don't even know if I have depression but I know if someone says even the smallest thing I won't be happy for the rest of the day. I overthink a lot about what people say to/about me. I feel like they are only friends with me bc they feel bad. I also feel like people at my school make fun of me behind my back or think I'm weird. I don't really have any evidence of this being true but I can just tell. 

My brain feels cloudy most of the time. I can never concentrate properly on my schoolwork which makes it difficult and exhausting to write essays or study. It's like I can't comprehend what something says. Makes me feel dumb. 

I feel like I'm making everything up and I shouldnt feel this way, I live a very privileged life. I'm probably just a dumb teenager trying to be edgy or something like everyone else. I just can't shake the feeling of killing myself though.  Every time I get depressed or have a problem my mind automatically goes to suicide. It's like I don't see myself living much longer. I would do it if It wouldn't hurt my family but I can't bear putting them through that sort of pain, I know it can seriously mess people up.  Actually, I'll probably end up doing it anyway if something traumatic happens, knowing how I can't handle anything. I don't even know. I'm so confused. And I'm not getting any help on any of this btw. Nobody knows about any of this I'm feeling except for two of my friends after we got drunk and I vented. That was a mistake because they spoke to me about it after and it was super uncomfortable to talk about. I'm not planning on getting any help. My family can't know, it will make things weird. I just want to talk to someone I don't know about it who can give me some insight. 