almost did something stupid16, male. i posted here once over a year ago, and since then, my mental health has only declined. sure, i definitely had some ups, but in the grand scheme of things, i'm right back where i started. 

recently, my anxiety has been horrible. my stutter has come back, i've picked back up my stupid coping mechanism of scratching my hands until they're raw and bleeding, i disassociate constantly, and i am always on the verge of having a panic attack. i have been diagnosed with panic disorder along with generalized anxiety disorder, and my panic attacks bring out a side of me that's scary for both myself and others to experience.

my mom and my school keep bringing up one of the new additions to my traumas; sexual abuse/assault 2.0. i am so nauseous constantly, and can't eat much or else i'll throw up. granted, this has made losing weight easier, but it's a nuisance.

i miss alcohol and i miss my pills. they were my one escape from reality aside from my involuntary disassociation, and now they're gone. i know, it's good that they're gone, but my brain chemicals don't like it. maybe life's just taunting me about my dead alcoholic father, or maybe i was just destined to have a shitty liver. who knows.

i know the basics. "you're young, don't worry", "you have so much to live for", "it will get better". i know this, but at the same time, i don't. i just can't believe it to be true. sure, i have a future in mind, but also, i've been nothing but a failure and a disappointment in my life. i mean- i can't even kill myself right.

i have most sharp things kept away from me ever since my last few attempts, but i did find a pizza cutter the other day. i was honestly considering it, but i came across a video on my youtube feed. the title was "it's okay, you're okay" i think, and it was just a short video of just chill music. i don't know why, but even if it was just coincidence, i needed it. i needed someone to tell me that everything's alright. i don't know how long this will last me, but i'm alive and trying to keep myself from disassociating. i'll probably just go to sleep soon.

sorry, i just needed to rant, and i really have no where else to go.