Why can't I just do it already?*Disclaimer: Bad formatting and even worse english*

Hey /r/SuicideWatch, I turned 20 yesterday and it couldn't possibly have been a better day to end my life. You might be wondering why I didn't do it then - Well, I'm not sure. I felt so ready to finally end my suffering and the pain but I just couldn't push myself over the edge of actually doing it. All I wished for was for it all to be finally over but I just couldn't do it myself.

______________

This is my story:

My life so far has been what most people would consider normal: I grew up, had friends and family, everything I could only wish for, etc. But since I went to highschool I haven't had a single friend I could rely on and talk to.

My family always just ignored me when they could and blamed everything that was going wrong on me. Everybody wished for me to be gone.

Until a few years ago I met a girl and fell totally in love with her. I asked her out and all and we started dating and became a couple. Everything was fine and I was already playing with the thought that she is the girl I want to marry.

Then she hits me with this: She doesn't love me anymore or at least she isn't sure about what she is feeling but it isn't the same anymore.

After she told me this my world was slowly starting to fall apart and I became more depressed with each day passing.

A few months go by and we're still trying to work it out - At least I'm trying to. But it just won't get better and a few weeks ago she broke up with me.

I'm crushed and everything I have ever wanted to do in life just became irrelevant. She gave me a reason to live and now that she's gone and has moved on I find myself wishing to die every day.

I tried writing letters to say goodbye to my family which probably won't miss me that much since I only always annoyed them. But I just couldn't figure out what to write so I said fuck it. I collected the things which always made me happy when I was down - Photos of me and her, things she gifted me and so on and told her where she could find them if she ever wanted them.

Then I tried to find the courage to end my, so far very miserable, existence. But I just couldn't do it. All I want is that the pain and suffering finally ends.

Please help me