In the next couple of days I will commit suicide because no one understands meLike it says in the title, I'm going to kill myself in the next few days because of a scam that ruined my life.

Here's what happening I believe a girl I've met on mingle2 is committing edd fraud! This is my story I was looking for a girlfriend on mingle2 and was hoping she won't mind if I have multiple disabilities one that affects my thinking ability! I never told her this but we started to get along but later she told me that she can't be with you since I didn't have a job. At the time I was looking for a job but no one would hire me because I was fired 2 times because of my disability so I've gotten help from the Department Of Rehab and I've finally gotten a job. 

A month or two later she asked me about bitcoin and I replied back saying I've heard of it but don't know what it is! She showed me a video about bitcoin and asked if I wanted to invest and claimed that she had many investors I said no or I would think about it first but she kept asking and  I gave in but first, she wanted me to put money on my pre-paid card so she can add her investor's money, of course, I said no but she kept asking, so I've asked is it legal because I don't know anything about this stuff and she said yeah. 

After 2 months went by I finally put my money into bitcoin atm, but never received any money back from her but she claimed that she was scammed by Uphold and she kept bothering me if I can lend her $600 again she keeps ringing my phone try so I can give in to her. later on, she showed me a pic of her in a hospital bed but the pic seems strange like it was a doll on a bed with bandages wrapped around her when I texted her she didn't reply but her so-called friend did and she said it's my fault her friend is in the hospital bed and she got mad because I've asked for my $600 and she starts cursing me. Later my GF tried showing me her pics and she asked to see my pics as well and I regret doing it ever since I didn't even know that she was tricking me. 

 Anyway, in June I finally got my EDD card and I didn't tell her about it because she doesn't want to pay me back she keeps saying will meet, will meet but then she said we'll meet in august so she asked me what I was doing and I said watching TV and she asked me how because my TV died a week ago so I stupidly told her that I apply for unemployment. Later she asked for $100 and she said that I should give it to her or she is going to she's on me so I gave in. 

Later in July, she asked me what did I put on my unemployment application because an investor of hers wanted to know and I told her that he has to put his own answers and that there are no right or wrong answers! By the way, my mother helped me out with my edd application because I struggle with reading and understanding somethings. Anyway later she begged me to give me my mailing address I did say no at first but since she hasn't touched my money from my stimulus check in the past I trusted her and I was tricked into giving her my social security number, and I believe my pic of ID as well. 

For some reason, I started to get different mail that I can't even pronounce so I asked was this her doing she mailed me checks, pre-paid cards, and later on, she has her investors edd cards mailed to my place. I asked her if what's she doing is okay and she said yeah she has her investor's permission to open the letter and give her the pic of the card. 

August finally came and I was feeling really depressed because I told my therapist about her she told me that it's a scam and that she's taking advantage of you my heart dropped and I felt so scared that I wanted to commit suicide so I've texted Roberta who claims to be Danii Banks an Instagram model I finally told her that I have a disability and she said she still loved me and tried to deny being a scammer so I've contacted my therapist again and she told me to stop texting her and that we were going to report her but she said if I do she'll post my pics all on social media and to my family and friends then she tired to apologize so ever since I've stopped talking to her but she keeps calling me back and I'm scared. I don't know what to do I finally told my mother about this and she was disappointed but hopefully, we can solve this problem my therapist is trying to help too! 

I was wondering where can I report this and will I be in trouble too for not knowing about being scammed, and what are the penalties me my therapist discussed this and I told her that I wanted to kill myself but I don't want to be hospitalized for my mental health nor do I want to get into trouble. Please help guys?

I really don't know what to do that's why I want to kill myself if they ever tried to arrest me for something my therapist said I was tricked into. I don't think the police or the unemployment people would understand my situation, and I think they might just put me in prison!

By the way, I'm using Grammarly to help me type this because I can't do it on my own most of the time.