quick stream of thoughtsi think about suicide daily. i have 2 main outs. i always justify my thoughts on killing myself, saying 'no im not depressed, i am thinking logically', 'i am right to think that', 'it's the right thing to do', etc... but then I come to the conclusion that this is something someone with depression would tell themselves. But then again; im not depressed, it's just coincidence. I don't self harm because I am depressed? or do i? no, i do it for the same kind of reason someone would go for a walk, or listen to music, right? I must do it for some reason. And it's certainly not for attention or something because I've kept it hidden for 3 years. 3 years I think, I can't remember because I have shite for time retention. Maybe for ego or self-gloating. Youre not depressed. you're just a fraud. lying to yourself. add that to the list of reason to off yourself. myself. Others have it worse, that means I should lock any emotional clarity and feelings deep inside and keep building layer over them. I'm going to die too. I use to think it would happen before I turn 30 if I left it to happen naturally. Now I feel I could drop dead any moment. Stroke, heart attack, nerve damage, kidney failure, you're going blind. youve lost feelings in your hands and feet, the doctor shouts at me in respectful tone saying I doing bad. No friends no family that loves me. they are fake and hide what they really think. This is all something someone in the wrong state of mind would say, right? I'm not that person because I think similar to that of a computer, step by step and logical. I know i can sleep if I try, but when I do try it doesnt happen and I end up falling asleep at 4-6am and have to be up at 9. It's all a fucking mess, but thats ok because thats just how it is. No use crying over spilt milk. I was on top of a building 3 days ago thinking of jumping off for quite a while. If i dont want to live them why cant i do it? It's because I am a fraudd. Its all fucked. Am i thinking logically? of course im not a fucking robot, im a human with emotions. what is even happening, i am so stagnant and idle. Im on standby without on 'on' switch. Sorry the shitty pretentious bullshit.i need to go fuck off. how can anyone love me. I am a monster who uses alcohol to wash away myself