Everyone left....Since two of my friends have left for college 6 days ago I have been on a downward spiral. I've been angry, depressed, angry, depressed, in a constant cycle, and am currently having an anxiety attack as i type this. On the 17th, 3 days ago, another friend left for college, albeit much closer. Of the 3 none said goodbye, the one that left Saturday even said that she'd be too stressed and didn't want another thing to deal with. While I know that what she said was much worse than what she meant, I still felt worthless, like I was just another thing to deal with, I know she doesn't see it that way, and I'll get to that, but that's how I feel. I have, since the 14th, had numerous thoughts of suicide (more than usual), and the thoughts have been much more vivid and prolonged than usual. I've talked with the two that left on the 14th several times since, and by talked I mean everything from talking to yelling, to getting really quite and sorry. Today, I reconnected with someone I haven't talked to in a long time and told them how I'm feeling, specifically about how my friend that left on Saturday made me feel. Well, that friend went and told my friend that left about this....She messaged me after no talking to her since Friday (I was too devastated to talk to her) and her message was about how she was shocked and hurt that I would think that she didn't care, she told me I should consider it from her point of view, and I've tried, I really have, and it doesn't seem as bad. She then told me that this was the first time she thought I was being selfish, which really hit hard because i try to not be selfish and I hate that I might be. Anyways, this message brought on my current anxiety attack and I'm waiting for her to reply to my message that I sent back trying to explain and/or apologize.....

I know I won't kill myself, I don't have the strength for it. i just wanted to type this all out and, selfishly, get some words of encouragement, anything really. I feel like I'm toxic to all my friends that have left for college because every time they say they're off to do something I get depressed and angry. It feels like I have nothing, nobody, or nothing to do, and everyone else has everything.

Please help me....please