Entry from my suicide diary.I wrote this yesterday actually and idk. It basically sums up majority of what I feel lately. Of course there's more stuff but I haven't written about it yet.

Side Note: I do want help but I'm scared to go to a therapist so I figured this might be a step in the right direction? I really don't know.

~  ~  ~  ~  ~

I've never really been good with keeping a "diary", but I figure with the way my life is going right now I should start. It's not like I have a terrible life, to be honest with you. Well, right now. It has it's ups and downs but lately my thoughts are becoming nearly uncontrollable. I can't really explain it except...

I want to die.

That's it.

What else can I say? After all the things I've been through in the past its kind of opened my eyes. Honestly, can anyone tell me what the point to life is? You're born. OK, that's cool. You cry, you poop, you eat, you sleep. That's the good life. &amp; Then "life" starts. 

You spend 12 years ( possibly more ) trudging away at school where you're likely to be bullied or be the bully and there are rumors; even if you stay quiet and out of the way. You're constantly labelled horrible things whether you're popular or a loser, whatever. That's just how it is. Chances are you're miserable and it's terrible for the high school years; everyone knows that. Then you graduate and think "Phew! I made it, I'm in the clear!"

FUCK. NO.

Reality's a bitch that's gonna punch you right in the damned face and stomp all over you for the rest of your life. Sure, you'll have some good years but really. The bad ones will out weigh the good ones and, again, you'll be miserable. There's no escaping the endless cycle because, once you're "real life" starts... That's it. Game over. Wanna know what the rest of your life will consist of? Working. Work, work, work, work and more fucking work. You'll break your body early and guess what? There's no quitting, you gotta get through it because no one's gonna be there to watch your fucking back.

I know, I know. You're thinking "But I have loved ones, they'll be there for me!" Of course they will! But how many times do you think they're going to be able to pick you up when they're slowly falling themselves? Eventually they're going to get tired and - even though they love you - they have to love themselves too.

All I'm saying is that it's hard. Really hard. &amp; It's easy to get caught by depression when you least expect it. 

That's where I am right now. It's been a little over a year for me, fighting this losing battle. I want to die but I'm scared to die. Upon the regular stresses of life, I've had a lot of little "extras" thrown in. That doesn't make me special from anyone else but it doesn't help the endless battle either, does it? I love my boyfriend and his family. They are my family and I don't want to hurt them. I'm miserable. I have too much anxiety to go out and make friends, so I stay at home alone and wallow in my thoughts until my boyfriend is home. I'm only ever happy around him and we don't get to see each other often even though we live together.

Why? Simple.

Work.

So, as you can see, life is just one painful, endless cycle and honestly... I don't know how to fix mine. I'm totally lost. I'm at the end of my rope and, as much as I love him and the family...

I just...

I don't know how much longer I can hold on before I finally snap...