Social ResponsibilityHello, For the past 22 years I have had a good career and made well enough to live comfortably. But for the past years my depression has gotten worse, more so when my marriage failed, enough to affect my work performance.  I was also so burned out working the same role for some 14 years and just decided to resign, it was inevitable I was going to be fired.   
Being in my 40s and a college dropout, I knew my odds of getting a new job with the same compensation would be close to none, but I had no choice. It was either voluntarily resign or get fired and lose my early retirement pay.  
So I put on my most positive out look on life and said to myself "this job can't be all there is" and I quit. I took my early retirement pay and started a small business which failed and I had to sell at a loss.  


I have been actively looking for a new job and sending out applications but It's been months now and not a single invitation for a job interview.  


Now with no source of income and bills and obligations pilling up and approaching, I don't know what to do at all. Selling my stuff to get by won't last long and very soon I'll be homeless and even more of no use to anyone. A burden.   


So thinking of being socially responsible by selling everything I have left to pay for all my funeral expenses and hiring someone to cleanup whats left behind after I end it.  


I know all the advice one would give to someone like me. I know it would devastate my family. My kids, I love my kids. At the same time I don't want to burden them. I don't want them to see me when it gets really bad. Would they rather have no dad or a dad who is unable to provide for them?   


Thing is I don't want to die. I enjoy a lot of things, mountain biking in the woods and hills is my personal treasured joy. But with the stress I've practically destroyed my lungs chain smoking and haven't touched my bike in over a year, now the pedal around the block leaves me hypoxic and even more depressed because of it. The smallest hills I used to haul up and bomb down literally feel like the steepest mountains that even rampage riders wouldn't dare.   


I feel like an old outdated machine past it's use... writing this now made me realize how much corporate culture of hiring and firing and seeing people only for their value to the organization has influenced me in my current thinking. Which is how I feel like now. No value to the society I belong to. I tried to improve and seek a new path but failed. Now I need to be managed out.  
   
I'm afraid my options are dire. Help.