I want to hang myself and I can't fight the urges anymore (33m ) I'm approaching end of my associates degree in CS. I have an exam tomorrow and all can think about (for the last year or so) is where to hang myself. I am doing this degree for my mother at this point. She's all I have (stepdad is nice,  but not as close). No friends, no relationship, nothing. I have a music hobby I love but that doesn't earn money nor do I want to earn from it. I took a drive after studying to clear my head and I ran into at least five terrible selfish drivers and one crazy pedestrian (I live on Cape Cod people here make my issues worse, insane drunks, junkies and completely oblivious morons everywhere).  I can't stand other people, humans are fucking terrible. Including me. I would never hurt anyone, just myself, to clarify.  And I know there are some good people out there. Almost everytime I leave this house I lose more faith in humanity. From arrogant young adults at the school (some elitest professors as well) to terrible behavior I witness from adults outside school (drinking and driving, throwing trash out the window and just plain trashy behavior in general). I was molested as a child by my half brother for years and abandoned my drunk dad at 13. Ive been depressed my entire life. Bullied at jobs to add to my trauma (I look like a celebrity according to them and a thousand other people who have said something, the insults were relentless, so fucking sick of it) This whole getting a CS degree was a way for me to get out of working shit trade labor jobs, and make use out of my love for computers, but I can barely focus anymore. I get decent grades but if this depression keeps growing past the level it's at, I will start failing. I have Calculus I coming up next week and I have to sit in 3 hour night classes with about 13 other people. Fuck my life. I don't want to interact with anyone. I hate being alive I just want to sleep forever. I will probably hang myself with a proper noose in the woods during hunting season, so hunters can find me( someone experienced with death and not my parents or some kids). Easy clean up, with a note that says burn me or bury me cheap if possible ( at least I can give mother Earth some contribution with my decomposition ). I know this will kill my mother, but I'm already dead anyways. I can't take it anymore this world has been trashed by awful people. I know there are good people out there, I know there's a lot, but it just feels like there are far more stupid selfish hateful people out there than good. It's all I seem to encounter. I cannot trust anyone. Especially other men. Everyone is out for themselves in the end right?