X-Post from r/CollapseI've been hearing non stop predictions of doom for the entire past decade. Every time I talk to someone about them I get the same standard response: "Oh, they've been talking about this for YEARS now". The only person I know who could give a decent answer (an environmental researcher) always acts as if he's dodging the question. In short, Humanity is doomed.

However, it seems that everybody wants to live through this. Here's the thing: I don't.

My current life isn't a bed of roses, but I like it far better than the future currently described. Even if the best of predictions come to pass and we're all living in self sustaining communes or whatever, I don't feel as if I could be happy there. I like the energy guzzing Internet. I like my smartphone built with slave labor. I have studied to contribute to technological progress. I even went to aerospace, a HUGELY polluting field. All of which will be rendered meaningless.

You could argue that society will be more focused on people. Unfortunately I was never good at making friends. And honestly, all this talk about the idyllically of village living baffles me. I know stories about what goes on in villages. People gossip and ostracize at a moments notice. Group mentality can hide even the most horrifying things (take a look at the the case of that French teenager that was repeatedly raped while the entire town knew and they did NOTHING). To claim that this is the future is patently absurd.

One of my core beliefs was that the future would always be better. Now I hear about the "Myth of Progress" every other day. The word "collapse" at lest FIVE TIMES a day.

In short, everything I like in my life will eventually disappear. My entire reason for being is going to disappear. And despite the "human" reaction to this would be to fight back, I don't want to.

I want to give up.

I only don't kill myself now because my family and few friends would be saddened. As horrible as this sounds I sometimes resent me for them "making me" stay on this damned doomed planet. I fear forming further attachments because they will just be another anchor.

Yes, I know what you're thinking: I must be depressed. In fact, I have been told that I might be. However I keep thinking about "depressive realism". I fear that if I get medicated I will just stop thinking about this and perhaps start a family and then have to deal with the fact that my offspring will suffer in this horrible world. I feel like my lack of a survival instinct is a blessing: I dream of a day when I can sacrifice my life saving another therefore "redeeming myself". 

Because as you must be all be thinking right now, I am a despicable human being. I don't want to sacrifice my most cherished possessions. I don't want to fight for my future. I just want to run away.

So I ask you this: am I right? What should I do? Like I said I won't kill myself right away but please share your thoughts.