I need help.I don't know what I'm doing. I feel like my whole life is obsessively focused around food. If I'm not eating, I'm thinking about eating. I can't stop. I throw up multiple times a day. The worst part is I was recovered for 6 months up until July.

I worked so hard to establish healthy habits. But I went on vacation, indulged, gained weight, went through a lot of stress, and totally relapsed. It's been two months now and I am living in constant fear of dying or losing control over everything in my life.

I can't get anything done. I've put off finding a new job after graduating from college as well as studying for the GRE and applying to masters programs because I'm just in and out of the bathroom, shoving food into my face, watching hit the toilet bowl, weighing myself, and then doing it all again.

It's so toxic.

I don't talk to my therapists about it. I keep it a secret from my parents, who I live with, but they have to have some idea. My boyfriend desperately wants me to heal, but in the past when I tried to maintain a healthy lifestyle he would get frustrated when I didn't want to eat cheeseburgers and drink beer all the time because then he couldn't either.

Of course I told him he could on his own, but he didn't want to and we got into arguments over it. So I'm having a hard time. I don't know what the next step is. I'm sick of living in fear. I want to get help but I don't feel like I'm thin enough to warrant it; like somehow, I'm having an eating disorder the wrong way because I don't feel its effective.

All I want is to look in the mirror and feel good about myself. And to be happier than I am right now. This has been a painful month. And I'm afraid it's just going to keep getting worse.

I don't know who to turn to. I don't know how to break the habits I've established.

I don't know how to convince myself that I'm not entitled to just eat all the crap food I want in huge quantities and look the way I want to look. I feel that I should have the freedom to eat everything and maintain a low weight, like life owes that to me. And I know that's not true or fair or right. I'm just not sure where to move to with that information.

I'm afraid I feel terribly alone. And I'm afraid I'll slip into my old habits of eating nothing at all if I go at this the wrong way. I'm afraid of the initial weight gain that accompanies recovery as I've already dealt with that the first go around.

I want to make these changes for the right reason. I feel like wanting to live is a damn good one. But I am flaky. And I'm not sure how long I have to get started on this before I convince myself being thin is the only way I want to live, and anything short of that will have me wanting to be six feet under.