I'm going to permanently disqualify myself from this race towards entropy.I rarely use Reddit, I found myself here from typing my feelings into Google.
I try to explain how I feel to people but nobody understands. 
You're going to relate to that last sentence but it's not the same as your experience. I just never ever have it in me to fully describe how I feel. To type it all out. To say it all. I'm really lethargic when it comes to talking. It feels like I have to run a marathon to describe how I feel in a way that others can understand. I enjoy being alone. I enjoy being sad. I enjoy being empty. I like those feelings.
I've had the same conversation a million times with people and I get the same responses for everything. 

I don't even have it in me to finish this. I'm just going to say the things you can understand.

My health is terrible. Terrible. I don't necessarily want to die. I don't want to kill myself; I just don't want to live anymore. 
There's no reason to stay.
The idea that I should suffer more and more every day just for a few people of whom myopically cling on to a pretentious emotional attachment is so selfish!
A lot of people say this, it's generally exaggerated and repeated so much that it can't be said seriously anymore but please believe me; I hate everything.
I wasn't made for this world. I'm constantly uncomfortable. I suffer from absolutely any manifestation of anxiety out there. 
I'm not trying to diagnose myself but I live with OCD. I may not technically have OCD but I definitely live with it. If that sounds too stupid for you feel free to brush it off. I can't even touch the door handles in my own home. I'm completely shitscared of bugs. I haven't slept in my bed for over 2 weeks because I found 2 spiders on there in the same day. 
I didn't sleep in my bed at a previous home because every now and then I found a bug on there. Living in the same world as bugs is enough reason for me to leave.
I'm definitely agoraphobic. Again, not trying to diagnose myself. I guess simply naming a health condition feels like a more satisfactory explanation than describing how I feel. 
I don't trust ANYONE. 

My physical health is awful. Imagine an 80 year old man. I don't have it in me to type out everything wrong with me but please, believe me when I say an 80 year old man is a fairly accurate description.

I usually follow the three-day rule whenever I genuinely consider suicide. No matter what is happening in life I also remind myself that there will always be great music for me.

But now, there's nothing keeping me here. 
I've always thought about how everything will get worse and worse, spiralling downwards and entroping into an inevitable Hell on Earth, as time goes on. 
I've always ~~lived~~ suffered on and scraped by while everyone says it gets better but it's been years.
Things aren't better.

I plan to hang myself; Gun laws are strong in my country. There's no reason for me to stay. I don't know where to buy the correct rope or where to hang myself without traumatising anybody. I plan to get really drunk and just do it. Success rates are much lower when drunk but I don't think I could go through with this sober. 

The top of my hallway, atop the stairs, has enough drop room for me in theory. 
I live in a supported accommodation; Staff members sleep here every night. The good ones have seen too many suicides and I don't want them to hurt anymore than they already do (don't use that as a way to try to stop me).
I suppose I might not mind as much if one of the worse staff members woke up to it, however, there are two other service users who I don't want to trouble. I think one suffers from paranoia and the other lives here because his partner committed suicide.
For this reason, I can't use my hallway for this.

I could possibly find a tree outside with enough drop room but that's not an appealing choice. 

My suicide will have to wait until my plan is ready. Then I will do the three day rule again.

I just wish others would understand me. I just wish there was anyone who chose to **really** listen. 
I just wish everybody else could think freely.
This world just doesn't allow that though.
I'm going to permanently disqualify myself from this race towards entropy.

Thanks for reading. I'm not entirely sure why you chose this thread out of the others but if you choose to post your own thoughts I hope people read it and respond how you would like them too.