At a loss here...Suicide has almost always been in the back of my mind. It's not usually the center of my focus, but its had the spotlight for quite sometime now. I'm seventeen, and my life isn't complete shit, but I've been through my fair share of crappy situations. 

I was sexually assaulted by a family friend "uncle" from ages 10-12, most of it happened in front of my parents and they've only recently acknowledged that they should have done something more. My mom cried about it for a bit, but I didn't get, I guess you could call it 'closure'. Her apologizing once doesn't really alleviate the pain I suffered while she knowingly allowed it. 

I keep thinking about why she would let it happen to me. Did she not think that I was worth standing up for? I figure maybe she resents me because she sees a lot of my biological father when she looks at me. I don't want to justify her actions, but at the same time she's my mom. I have so much respect and love for her, but she's constantly invalidating me. 

I told her and my doctor about my anxiety and depression, but they both figured that since my younger sister's symptoms were more severe they would acknowledge her first. That was in April, and no one has said anything since. It took a lot for me to even speak up, so you can imagine how discouraged I am now. 

The most recent reason I started to plan out my suicide is because of a disagreement I had with my mom. As I've already alluded to, I value my mother and I have love for her. I take on a lot of responsibility for my age between being a full-time college student, caring for my sisters, and chores. My mom still persists with her recurring argument that I "don't do shit around this house." 

She hates when I ask my younger sisters to help with chores, and she expects me to clean up after them despite them being 16, 10, and 9. I was mad for about 2 days after her yelling at me for asking my youngest sister to pick up her things and I don't like to hold on to anger, so I went to apologize. I heard her arguing with my dad on the front porch, so I went back to my room, but they were arguing just below my window and I could hear every word. She kept going on about what a terrible person I was. She was calling me 'toxic' and 'manipulative'. Saying that I was trying to turn everyone in the house against her. My dad tried to explain why he thought I was feeling misunderstood and she got pissed at him for 'taking my side'. 

What's stuck in my mind is her calling me a terrible person. She hasn't spoken a word to me in over a week, and I feel entirely worthless. She's just gone about her usual routine like nothing's missing from her life. At this point, she's proved that she can live without me. If she can hold the house together without my presence then what's the point in me being here? 

Didn't mean to write this much. Oh well. Read it, don't read it 🤷‍♀️