Increasing thoughts about suicide (21M) after breakupIn August last year I went through my first LTR breakup. It wasn't my first breakup, but I genuinely thought I'd marry this girl and it came out of nowhere. Of course I was heartbroken, but I had a positive outlook that things would get better. So I pushed myself to go to the gym and diet (lost \~60lbs), started reading, pushed myself to reconnect with old friends and meet new ones, I got a job, began doing well at university, stopped drinking and became a generally better person. But as the months went on, the healing didn't seem to be going anywhere. I had taken all the advice and became a better person, but damn was I down. My anxiety began severely worsening and eventually I had to face the fact I was depressed when I saw a GP (I don't like self-diagnosing so I didn't label myself as depressed for like 8 months). '

I'm losing the motivation to keep pushing. I feel burnt out, but the pain is only intensifying. I honestly feel like I'm beginning to lose this internal battle and it honestly feels like I'll be forever alone. Despite my best efforts, I only have one IRL friend and a couple internet friends. To make it worse, my only IRL friend is moving back to his home country in a couple months, so I'm going to have literally no one to hang out with, meaning I'll be alone with my thoughts. I went through 3 months of it before when I was stronger and it was hell, despite being busy and positive. 

Its not like I want to kill myself. I've pushed myself past my limits and achieved amazing things. But fuck am I exhausted from waking up every day consumed by thoughts of my inadequacy and the fact that I'm alone. Every morning is an internal battle to try and convince myself it'll get better. But I don't know if I believe it anymore. When I'm driving to work or college or the gym, I'll see a lamppost and I'll have the random impulse just to drive into it. Or I'll have random thoughts about slitting my wrists in the bathtub. I don't know how much longer I can deal with everything. I feel like I may have a few months left of will power before I reach the year mark since the breakup and lose all hope. Only thing keeping me going now is knowing my suicide would hurt my family, there's a possibility things may get better and my amazing dog.