I'm the bubbly, quirky woman with an easy laughA few years ago you spoke to me on the phone.  It was helpful.

It was around this time or maybe a little earlier, like late Spring, maybe.

I told you that I'd want a little brown dog.  Like Tonka, but brown, when I got better.

You were very encouraging.

You said the usual thing to me about me.  

That I'm easily made happy.  And, it's true.

Babies, flowers, animals, cute plastic things...I'm easily made happy.

In the  years I had 2012-2013 and 2013-2014 were the best years I ever experienced as teacher.  I loved those two final 8 grade classes I had.

2014 I was let go from XXXXXXX, not enough enrollment and had the least seniority, had an accident, too.  That December I started going to Descanso and found lots of happy moments.

2015 I was run down by high school boys playing football/soccer and was injured again at the HS I was placed at after the Drama teacher quit because the classses were too abusive to him.  

I had sinus surgery and was able to breathe better.

I lost 60 pounds and learned to eat right and love working out.

Then I was put in another stressful school, nearly had a melt down and had the apple incident, then lost vision in my right eye.  Students in this hs were all given asylum from very violent home countries.  Sadly, they replicated the violence in my classes.  When I asked for help, I was simply told that these kids had a rough life.  I understood this, but wanted resources for these students who were mine.  Nope, no resources. And, why after living my whole life in LA was I not able to speak Spanish? I was asked this in an accusatory fashion by supervisors.  Well, because I tried.  Took Spanish in hs and college, got an "A" in college, still didn't learn anything.

After two surgeries I got my vision back, but wasn't allowed to workout or I'd lose my vision again.

In September 2016 I was threatened by a student, a foot taller and 70 pounds heavier.  He wasn't the only student to say and do things.  Other high school boys said things about raping me, the female students in class.  This happened daily.  I reported each incident, but nothing was done.

I used up all my sick time, stopped having any income.

I gained almost all the weight back.

There were a couple men who served as pleasant distractions, a few became lovers, a few became friends.  I experienced some joy, excitement, passion and felt understood---though I was ridiculously high out of my mind each time.

I've battled LAUSD.  Had to ask for the principal to report the incident four times, the last time was an email to everyone in the district.  He finally filed the incident 4 months later, still couldn't get treatment.

Had to battle Sedgwick.

I've become highly anxious.  All my confidence died.

I'm nervous and anxious all the time.

I break down in tears everywhere I go.

People who interact with me notice that something is wrong.

I know something is wrong.

I don't want to continue.

I know where this goes, me older, more feeble and dying at the mercy of under paid caretakers at some state funded institution.

I want to have some control over my ending.  

Jenn has a good bf and all her family (mother and father).  She'll be fine, she's already a lot better.  She's  graduated from college and has worked "good" jobs.  She's living with her bf in XXXX and he loves her.  He's not using her.

I was concerned about Jenn, but now there isn't a need.

I realize that asking anyone to be George to my Lenny is unfair.  I only ever offered to kill my mum and brother.  

They both declined, both fought to stay alive while cancer was eating them up.

I don't have that drive to live like they did.

I'm going to take care of what I need to take care of.

Earlier when I thought I was thinking clearly, I was faking it.

I don't care about the house, debts, where I live.

I do care about getting some relief.

I've given the 5 years you suggested, and I have experienced lots of laughter and happiness.  I've gone out of my way to cross paths with babies, nature and things that make me smile.

But, things have not gotten better.

The darkness/sadness is stronger and more frequent.  

I feel I've paid for this lifetime.

I feel I've done a lot of good.

I feel that I've earned my ticket out of this mess of a life I've stumbled through.

I know I can figure things out, but I am too tired to.

I don't want to jump through any more hoops, or pretend that I'm constantly on the brink of meltdown.

I'm going to try to clean my apartment, at least take out some trash and recycling.

I don't really care at this point.  It's no secret that I'm too sad to clean,  I never was much of a tidy person anyway.

I don't want anyone to feel betrayed, least of all you.

I don't want ...what does it matter what I want or don't.

I just don't want you to think I am being spiteful.

I won't offer the house to anyone else, I don't care what becomes of it.

If I had any interest in life, I'd go on vacation with my credit cards, not sure if they are any good since I haven't used one since buying a ticket to Thailand in 2013 to be with Bryant before he died.

I know the whole thing about if one is done anyway, go have an adventure.  

I don't need anymore adventures.

Just know that I'm not being spiteful.

I wrote while sitting at Panera and waited for the voice that usually comes to say, " You can't die now, you're place is a mess. And, you still have to drop some weight."

I just don't care, and while I'm crying, I don't feel sad.

I feel hopeful about leaving.

Of course this is justification, but I have over 400 letters from people.  All kinds of people, but mostly young people who tell me how much good I've done for them and how they see themselves and feel about themselves.

Haven't I earned some relief?

I think I have.  I've been good.  Yes, sometimes I've been bratty and silly, but overall I've always strived to be a good person.  Mum raised us "right."  

I'm so prone to joy, in everything, but at the cost of having to stay here and take the hits.

Do I get to leave, guilt free?

I hope so.

Hope everyone else is experiencing gentleness.