Well I fucked up for realI'm usually the one trying to talk people down but i need some help. Where do I start.....

This year has been a terribly trying year for me. My girlfriend of 15 years left my son and I. She left so abruptly and without warning that I still have most of her stuff. She left and immediately moved in with some other man. She wasnt faithful at all as I found out. We constantly fought about her drug use, cocaine was her poison, and when covid hit I took a stand. 

I asked her to stop going out and getting shit but she decided something else and left. Claiming I was always negative and wasnt there emotionally for her. I said these very things to her in the past. I was told for many years I'm worthless, useless, ugly and that no one would want me. I felt that way before her anyways but she always reminded me. Nevertheless, I loved her deeply.

She stole a car that I had put my name on for her. She doesn't have a license and neither does her new man so I took it back. Now she seriously doesnt talk to me, claiming I took her car. I didnt want junkies driving my son around. I didnt want them to endanger him anymore then when he goes over there. 

He spent the weekend at his moms new house and he barely ate. He slept on the floor because he has no room of his own. I just dont understand, I had tried to give them everything and asked for little in return. I'm scared for the future. I have a custody case going on now which I'll probably lose now and you'll see why if you keep reading.

I see the pain in my sons eyes and I havent been able to grieve for my lose either. I hurt deeply and cant bear the pain, which leads me to my most recent issue. I was arrested on felony charges over the weekend. My car was impounded and I spent the weekend of my birthday in jail. I'm lucky to be out today. 

To make it worse my father was involved in my issues over the weekend. He had taken a beating from police for something I dont even understand. I made a huge mistake and brought so much shame to my life and my family's. We both spent the holiday weekend in jail.

I cant kill myself because I dont want my kids to think dad is weak. So I checked into a mental hospital but I was too late as I already messed up in a royal way. They want to be supportive but how do I even begin to move forward? I'm going to lose everything I built up for years because of one terrible act. My job will be lost, my kids will be lost, my home and everything. 

I probably should end it, but how? I'm in such a panic and feel so much dread and terror. I cant leave my kids to my ex, who knows what she would do.  I dont have money for a lawyer as when I called they quoted me like 10k to represent me. I live with family due to my exs habits. I dont have much hope and really dont see why I should stick around. My kids may be better of with my family or someone else. I really dont know.