Day 2Hey, 
Sorry I was delayed with Day2 update but I was really out of it today and pretty much stayed in bed as much as possible all day. 
I decided on this update I should probably give some back story about me so you can get a better understanding as to why Im here where I am now. 

Im a 22yr old female and come from a pretty rough childhood. I was molested, abused both physically and verbally by relatives and grew up with no money in our household. My mum was an alcoholic from pretty much as far as I can remember and my Dad left us when I was 4. 
Because of Mums alcohol abuse I was the primary care giver for my two younger brothers. Im the second oldest but our older brother is 10 years older than me so he moved away from this fucked up family as soon as he could and I was left to care for my Mum and brothers. We had to live with my Grandpa when I was 8 because he was getting too old to care for himself, yet somehow he had the energy to beat me and kill my cat in front of me when he got angry. It was always me who was the target. My brothers were treated like royalty and I was treated like scum. 
But I tried my best to keep pushing, I made sure my brothers got to school okay, I tried to go to school when i could (which wasnt very often) because Mum was always so drugged up on anything she could get her hands on, I was scared she'd die in her sleep. She slept all day and all night and only got up for like an hour or two in the evening to give us a can of spaghetti to share between the three of us and wine for herself. 
This when on till I was about 12 or 13. I was beaten by my Pa every day, always starving and making sure Mum didnt die in her sleep. 
One day she went missing for over a week and while she was gone and my brothers and I were taken from our home into emergency foster care. I assumed the school and neighbours notified the authorities about us being alone with our Pa because of how abusive he was. 
Anyway we were there for two weeks before they found our Mum at some randoms dudes place all beaten and drugged up. 
We had to go see her in hospital and it was pretty scary. Ive never seen someone so yellow before, I didnt know skin could be that colour. 
Skip a few years and we are still in foster care and Im trying to get my life together, I start going back to school even though I wasnt welcome there by teachers or students. I got bullied by both all the time and it pretty awful. I think the worst time was when I was trying to eat my lunch a block or two away from the school because I was too scared to be near people but some boys stalked me and beat me. They kicked me in the chest and it was so hard to breathe and when I told the teachers they told me I shouldnt of been off school property. Well fuck, my bad! 
Anyway when I was 15 our government case worker found my Dad in another state and sent my younger brothers and I to live with him, his new wife and two little girls. 
I was pretty happy to finally feel like maybe I had a second chance at family but that didnt turn out so well. In my short 8 months of living there I was beaten by my step mum, bullied even worse at my new school and was on 24/7 watch by my parents because for some reason "I was the devils child and couldnt be trusted". 
This was about the time a girl I knew at school who I sorta considered to be my first friend told me that her boyfriend was cutting himself and she showed me pictures. I asked her how he did it and she told me he could get razors out of pencil sharpeners. That thought really scared me and I found it pretty gross. A few weeks pass and my step mother was yelling at me because Im just like my mother and Im useless to everyone and I thought about the self harming my friend told me. 
When she left the room I sat on my couch and cried for hours frantically trying to get this razor out of a pencil sharpener and I didnt know how. It really infuriated me so i stomped on it till i got it out. I dont know what came over me but I just started cutting. All down my thighs and my right wrist. 
I stopped when I realised that if anyone found out then I could be in more trouble. 
A few days go by and im doing the night dishes and my step mother bursts into the kitchen and starts grilling me about not using colour coated pegs to hang the washing (yeah she was OCD as fuck) and I got really angry and waved my arms at her and told her she's nuts. This revealed my cutting on my wrists though and when she noticed them she immediately grabbed my arm that was covered in cuts and dragged me to see my father. They both started telling me that it was unacceptable and theyre both extremely disappointed in me. I got my phone taken away for 6 months and no computer use for a year. 
I went back into my room and just sobbed my eyes out. 
Thankfully through the government system I was seeing a counsellor and I told her what had happened and the next day I was out of my Dads care. 
I had a boyfriend at the time who i only just met but his Mum was nice enough to let me stay with her till I got my own place. 
My two brothers stayed in my Dads care for a while but were sent back to the state we originally came from because they didnt want them anymore.
I stayed with my boyfriends mum for about a year till I was 17 and could live in student accommodation for school. My schooling never really improved and I was diagnosed with depression and social anxiety during this time and kept to myself a lot. It wasnt until I was 18 that I sort of made a couple of friends through my boyfriend and school that I felt a little happier. However my boyfriend cheated on me after a couple of years of dating and that put me into a whole new hole of depression. I started self harming again and drank every cheap night I could out in town and slept with pretty much anyone because I wanted to feel wanted by someone. Even if it was for a night, I wanted to feel like I was something to someone. 
This went on till I was 20 with a couple of boyfriends in between and I left school to find a job and also I moved into a shared home to make it easier to start saving and have more money to buy things I wanted. I also adopted a cat during this time and was actually pretty happy. Unfortunately i had little contact with my brothers and foster carers but I was getting my life on track and it was good. 
I was working two jobs at one point, in a restaurant and a nightclub. I really loved it. One night at the night club a man asked for my number since it was his 21st birthday and I dont believe in love at first sight but I just knew he was the one for me. I gave him my number and we instantly fell in love. I could write forever about how much I adore this man but Ive already said so much and Im sure no one has read this far anyway. 
But I loved him so much, I saw our entire future together and I didnt see myself alive past 25 but with him I saw forever. 
We saw each other every weekend and went through a lot of anazing times togethers but like all relationships we had our rough patches. 
He had severe anxiety and I thought I was over mine so I gave him my all to get him the support he needed to get through his but he was stuck in his own dark cloud of anxiety and nothing could get him out of it. 
We dated for almost a year but that last few months were torture. He was so depressed but not suicidal thankfully and always so anxious. I gave him anything he needed or wanted and I forgot to take care of myself. My depression was creeping back and my anxiety flared up whenever we were together. 
We decided it was best we went our own ways to get ourselves back to who we once were when we first fell in love. I dont deny we are out of love now but we dont speak as often as we use to and its still hard to see him pop up on my newsfeed every now and then. 
After that, my depression was creeping anymore and it crashed on me like a tonne of bricks. My anxiety turned into full on panic attacks and I started feeling extremely suicidal. 
One night I was just at home distracting myself with a video game and my roommate forced himself into my room and started yelling at me for something. I dont remember what it was but next thing I know I was running down the street and I ran for about 10 or 12kms till I came to a bridge. This bridge was over water and i stared at it sobbing from the bottom of the walk way. It was like 12am and for some reason I couldnt control my own body or mind. I climbed to the highest point of the bridge and called my recent ex boyfriend but he didnt answer. I tried to call him 3 times before I gave up and sent him a really long message about how much I love him and not to blame himself for what Im about to do. 
He didnt respond and I remember taking my shoes off,turning off my phone and putting into my left shoe and my wallet into my right shoe. I climed over the railing and I suddenly felt happiness. I laughed so much and could feel the cold wind against my fingers and toes and just felt relieved. I knew I was going to die and I was happy. 
But someone who I guess was a late night runner grabbed me under my arms and used all his strength to slide me back over the railing. It hurt like hell, i thought my back was going to break. Next thing I know I woke up in hospital and I was scared. I was in a huge as fuck room with just cold toast and juice beside me and my belongings next to them. 
I grabbed my phone and had a text from my ex. He told me the hospital tried to contact him because he was my only emergency contact but ge couldnt see me in hospital because it would crush him to see me how I was. I begged him to come but he wouldnt. No one came. No one from work called to see if I was okay or my housemates. I had to stay there for two weeks and it was fucking boring and scary at times. Thankfully I knew one of the guards there who I use to work with at the nightclub and he kept me company and snuck in food and gifts from outside. We still keep in contact now but its hard to organise to see each other since we live in seperate states. 
While I was in hospital I organised to move away. I decided it was time for a change and away from this place so two days out of hospital I had everything organised and moved to another state. A guy i met through playing games gave me his couch to crash on till I could find work and my own place. It wasnt long till things went sour. I told no one I moved away and when people found out, they were pretty pissed and dont talk to me now and if they do its because its a pity check up. The guy i was living with raped me and said I owed him this because I was staying at his house free of charge. It took a long time to find a job and i found one in a cafe close by but as soon as I was alone I left that house and was homeless for a couple of days till I found a shared rental with some really nice people. But my job was now two hours away and only casual so it wasnt worth the trams and buses for maybe a shift or two a week. So i quit and lived off government payments, I also broke my arm as well so finding work was really hard. I also got back in touch with Mum because we were in the same state and I was hoping she was doing okay. She wasnt but she was trying to get better so I offered to help. She informed me by Pa had died (thankfully) and she was waiting on his inheritance so she could start her life fresh and I was pretty proud of that. She needed a change as much as me and even though she was a pretty crap Mum when I was younger, I wanted to give her a second chance. 
When my arm was better I scored a job in a call centre that Im still doing now and its really stressful but Im not face to face with customers and that makes me pretty happy. My mum got her inheritance and offered me 5 grand to help set me up in my own rental so I dont have to couch surf anymore. 
I declinded every time she offered because Im really independent abnd hate hand outs but she insisted for a couple of months so I said yes and got myself set up in my own place. Things were looking up. My depression was still there but I was distracting myself with work and started seeing someone as well. But my ex kept coming back into the picture saying how sorry he was and wanted to see me and all this crap and I fell for it but it did more harm to my mental health than good so I had to tell him I need to be alone. 
Anyway, my Mum insisted she'd buy all my things and not worry about paying her back but I told her not to spend 5 grand on me since I want to pay her back abd I only need the essentials like a fridge, bed, washing machine and kitchen utensils. She agreed but a few weeks later when it all arrived at my house it was more than I asked for. I told mum I dont need all this stuff and I cant afford to pay her back for this. She insisted not to worry about it and just be a lady and get yourself set up. I was really happy. I finally had my own space and work was a good distraction and Mum was back in my life but coming to the last few months it has been hell. 
Mum decided to sue me for all things she bought me because I havent paid her back yet and when I told her what I could afford to give her out of my budget, that wasnt good enough so she told me I should kill myself and I wont be missed and she'll see me in court. My work started cracking down on us and it was flaring up my anxiety, my ex was still trying to be apart of my life and it was really hard to maintain friends here and also make new ones. I was slowly becoming in debt due to my phone bill and my internet provider screwed me over too. Financially Im not doing good at all. Im constantly eating bad and my nice body I had before is turning into mush. My boyfriend was complaining we arent having enough sex because Im too overwhelmed all the time and I was becoming distant.
I was also diagnosed with borderline personality disorder this year and that stresses me out a tonne. 
So one day I just snapped. My life isnt getting better, in fact its getting worse and this is when the attempt came into place a couple of weeks ago. 
If youre exhausted from reading all this then thats just about 1% as exhausted I am all the time. My life was a mess and no matter how much I try to turn it into good, I get screwed over. 
Some of you know I have a dog, Eva. I adopted her a few weeks prior to be in my loving animal family but shes extremely active and my depression over this last year hasnt been good for her or my home so I gave her to a friend at work and shes doing well.  
Anyway, I snapped. I broke up with the guy i was seeing, i deactivated my social medias and downed 150mg of valium and some alcohol. I gave my cat a kiss and cuddle and let her outside and Eva stayed right by my side as I fell asleep on her tummy. 
What I forgot until the next day is that when I was taking all the drugs I told a close friend at work what I was doing and he came over and saved me. Im not sure why I told him but he said I wasnt making sense on the phone and I just fell asleep and knew something was wrong. 
I woke up in his house all sweaty and my stomach was so sore. Eva was at the end of the bed and he was in a chair beside the bed. He told me everything that had happened and I apparently begged him not to take me to the hospital and so he just kept an eye on me instead. 
During the last couple of weeks Ive been using my savings to a things Ive never done before, before I try to kill myself again. 
I told work I needed time off and went to a state ive been to a few times and saw a girlfriend I knew and had an amazing time with her. I told her everything I did and she was happy I was trying to do nice things for myself to see that my life was worth living for. I also saw my favourite band play live which was so fucking amazing. I never felt so pumped about anything in my life before like that gig. Ive upgraded my PC so its amazing now and Im going to give to a guy at work who loves gaming but needs a new PC and Ive given a lot of my savings to friends for "christmas gifts". I even gave my landlord some candles and chocolate. 
Im really going to go ahead and do this again. Im at peace. After my pill o.d attempt I didnt regret it and I wish it worked. 
Im trying to go back to work so I can have a little extra money to send my brothers before I go and to the guy at work who was with me the night I o.d. 
Im not sure how long until I do this again but I know Ill be gone by the new year. 
Anyway, if youre still here reading then good on you. You deserve a medal. 
Day 3 will be a lot shorter and will be exactly about my day. Im going to go to work tomorrow I think and hope I last the whole day. 
Good vibes you guys.