I failed. F24I feel like such a failure. Last year i lost the one person i thought id be with for the rest of my life. I know im young in my 20’s with a lot left, but this pain hurts. In the time i sought out therapy, started medication, made new friends, focused on school and lost weight. I actually felt like i was on top of the world. Then we rekindled and actually had a grand time until covid hit. All my opportunities were slipping away from me internships, jobs, moving, savings. All gone. I couldn’t afford therapy I began to fall apart. I haven’t seen my father in almost a year because of covid. we don’t know when he will return. Family life began to get difficult and day by day my stress and depression began to swallow me whole. my partner was beginning to show the same patterns from our past relationship that reinforced my abandonment fears. Communication was only good for a couple of days then as days passed, underlying passive tension would rise and it would confuse me. Dates failed, hanging out slowed down. Everything just began to feel so much worse.

The last month felt so lonely with him as he became more distant, withheld affection, and with those reactions came impulsive reactions from me. I finally came crashing down, hurt, trust issues, failure time wasted all over again. Everything cumulated into one big argument then silence. Its over. My fear has came again. 


Truly to feel like this all over again sucks. I Fucking hate myself. I cant even keep the person I love anymore. Im doing terrible at school because whats the point. I work so hard and still just end up feeling like i failed. Everything I’ve always wanted was just at a grasps reach and now its all gone. My friends tell me its ok, that I’ve gotten outta this rut before but its like what now? I feel extremely hopeless. I feel like it doesn’t matter how hard I work, how much money I spend on therapy, no matter how many days i journal fill the void with hobbies and obligations, how much I try to do my best. Everything still ends up going to shit. Seriously. How did I manage to lose my ex twice? Am I just that unlovable? My family barely even wants anything to do with me and this constant return to loneliness is painful. My mental health constantly sabotages everything seemingly good and reinforces that anything good is too fucking good to be true.


I know im too pussy to do anything but fucking hell anything to do to make this mental pain stop.