I fucked it up with the girl I love.. Now I am going to die alone.So last month, I had posted on Facebook saying how I am going to be deactivating social media for a while and to PM me with numbers. My friend of 5 years who  I haven't really hung out much lately, but we have always been real close (kinda hard to explain, I think we all have those close friends we don't see often due to adulting) . Anyways, She messaged me with her number, asked how I was doing, and we started talking back and forth.

A week before NYE hits, and I ask her if she doesn't have any plans,  I can put her on a guest list for a band we both like. I actually work for that band. It's a sold out show and I wanted to see her. 

Things were going good on NYE.  I got her a few drinks. We hung around each other the whole time. And she was the one following ME around. She gave me a few long hugs, told me she loved me (I assume platonically). But she was being very intimate. I assume it was due to the alcohol. 

The show was over at 1:30AM NYE, and I hugged her goodbye and told her I was going backstage. She asked if she could come, and I told her I wasn't allowed because I wasn't. 

I got home around 2:00AM that night and i sent her a text saying it was good seeing her and we should hang out, adding in there "preferably tomorrow". I think I may have came on too strong, but eh. I was drunk. And the message wasn't aggressive at all. Just really overly friendly. I didn't get a reply to it. But I would assume it was because she may have been hungover when she read it in the morning. (she may have been asleep or falling asleep when I sent the message).

I sent her another message 7 days later about a mutual friends' art museam that they have opened up casually saying I am proud of them and they're doing well. And I asked her if she's been by there yet and I didn't get a reply.

3 days pass, and I started to get bothered. I was wondering if I doid anything wrong. So today I sent her the following message 9 hours ago: 

"Hey. I just realized I may have been an ass by dipping out backstage at the end of the show. i just don't want you to think I was being a flake or didn't want to hang out. I'm sorry" 

Now that text was maybe weirdly worded? I didn't dip out backstage early. I just kinda told her goodbye and went backstage at the end of the show. Which wasn't that big of a deal. But since she didn't reply I assume that she may have been mad that I didn't try and go somewhere after the show? I don't know.



Either way. I was a selfish dick. And it's over. I want to fix it. I'd give anything to fix it. I love her. But it's over.

