I am not afraid of deathBut I am afraid of what I will miss out on. What if it’s a mistake to kill myself? Most times I am sure that I am committed to my plans. I have several. If one doesn’t work I will move on to the other plan.

TBH I just want all the pain to stop (I suffer chronic pain conditions). I am so tired. I just want to rest but I can’t. There is no rest for the wicked, until we close our eyes for good.

I am happy for weeks at a time, but it always comes crashing back to crippling depression and suicidal ideation. I live for these far and few happy moments, but they seem to be getting farther away.

I don’t want medication. I tried 12 different ones. I’m tired of that game. 

How do you know which one will work for me if you cant even decide on a diagnosis? Why are you trying to push medications that you dont understand how they work on a cluster of symptoms you barely understand? 

They are poison to my body. My body rejects these meds, I am a sensitive person when it comes to chemicals. They tell me to be patient, to wait out the side effects. I think trying 12 meds shows patience. And it’s not like withdrawing from these meds is easy. Have you ever felt brain zaps, like you brain is literally being shocked because you try to focus your eyes? Have you felt anxiety so high that you can’t stay still, and even pacing only slightly helps? Have you had pitting edema, felt like your feet were going to pop like balloons, and you can feel your skin stretch while you watch your ankles disappear? Well I have, and “dealing” with those is not better than “dealing” with suicidal ideation. I will not trade one suffering for another. Thats not how its supposed to work.

This makes me want to give up. What hope do I have left? I tried therapy (DBT) but I don’t buy into that new age crap. It’s all pseudo scientific bullshit. Sure, studies show it helps over 70% of patients, but I am not a statistic, I am not everyone else. I am not a cookie cutter type of patient.

I just want to die, but apparently I am not allowed to. And I’ll be damned if I get stuck in a hospital again. All they do is pump you with poison. There is no counselling. No therapy. Just other sick people to talk to.

I'm sorry this turned into a wall of text. I am just trying to make sense of what I am feeling. But I am more conflicted than ever now.