Even when things are going relatively well, I would rather just not liveI'm 20 years old, and a couple courses away from a community college diploma in accounting (which can be transferred to give me half of the credits for a bachelor's).

I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety when I was about 13, but I never went on medication.

I have had good times and bad times over the past few years. It seems that recently the bad times have been getting more frequent.

 Some courses in school give me no problem at all (I aced things like financial accounting), but if I have to write anything, I will probably fail.

From the time I was 9 I remember struggling to write stories in class. Now days, tell me to write a memo, essay, or even something short, and I just can't do it. I have tried dictating it, but that doesn't help. I feel I just don't have the ideas in my head to put on paper. Even when I had to write physics lab reports, I found it impossible.

Due to this, I don't think I will ever be able to finish university, and I can't handle working somewhere like a grocery store for my whole life. 

I'm from Canada, but this year I'm spending a year abroad in Belgium as an au pair. I met my girlfriend in a community jazz band while she was taking a gap year in Canada, and I followed her back to Belgium about a month ago. She is so amazing, and probably the one thing keeping me from falling into a deep depression, and seriously considering suicide right now.

I have one day a week totally free, and I basically slept the whole day. I should be exploring Belgium 0, or at least go for a walk down the street. I talked to my girlfriend and she has been supportive, and is trying to help me get out of the house, but I find it impossible. Some days are okay. Yesterday I went to audition for a choir, and it went fairly well. She is a very motivated person, and I'm scared that me doing nothing could pull us apart.

I also start things with a great deal of motivation, but it typically fades quickly and I want to quit. This happens with things like school, sports, work, and any other type of activity really. It happens even if it is something I really like. I just find it hard to drag myself to it.

I need to figure out how to finish school, I need to figure out how to stay motivated, be able to tolerate my job, and stop being such a negative person all the time.

Right now I'm really freaked out because I don't know how I can get through all of this. I don't know what I will do with my life. I have this year to figure things out, then I have to go back to Canada (we did a few months already, but a long distance relationship will be its own challenge) and face reality. 

I can stay with my mom as long as I am going to school.
I am thinking maybe I should push through the 3 courses, and get my diploma as a checkpoint ( I was just going to go to university and go straight for my bachelor's, as I still get the transfer credits). But, I don't have a clue what I should do after that. 

I think I should probably talk to a professional again. I most likely shouldn't wait until I'm back in Canada, but doing it here in Belgium is intimidating.

Thanks