I think I'm doneYep, I really do think I am, I'm surprised I lasted this long but my time is coming up. Everyday I wake up thinking is my life even worth living? I have no friends, still a virgin, no social skills, nothing. I've missed out on my young years and I can't get them back. Every little thing now makes me suicidal to the point where I cut myself and cry. Let me tell you more about me.

My name is Nick, I'm a 18 year old male and from my username you can tell I don't want to be alive. I am currently diagnosed with major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder. Let's break things down section by section. 

Firstly I have no friends... My whole life I had none. I was always dragged along under my older brother and I hated it. Nobody actually likes me or cares for me. I've tried to make friends but I guess I'm not fit for any.

Secondly I'm still a virgin... I was made fun of for it in high school and it makes me feel horrible about myself. I haven't even had my first kiss neither.

Thirdly I have NO social skills at all, none. When I'm public my dad or brother have to speak for me because I sound like an absolute idiot when talking. It kills me.

I've been on multiple antidepressants and different types of medications and they've done nothing but made me worse. I hate taking them and I am forced to by my father. I've had a therapist and she did absolutely nothing for me but hurt me even more because one time she laughed at me during the end of our session. I currently have no therapist at the moment as my mom is looking at one for me.

Now, I've had multiple attempts in the past... Overdose, hanging, self harm, etc. I built up the courage to show my mom when I cut myself and I was admitted into the mental hospital for three weeks when I was 17. If was living hell for me to say the least and I would never go back because I came out worse than when I entered.

I've been self harming for two years now and ever since I started it got worse and worse. I cut my whole arm and have multiple scars from it.

Lastly my brother... he's a huge asshole to say the least and hates me. Every time we walk past each other he gives me the most intimidating stares and laughs/mocks me. I swear to you not that it makes me want to kill myself every time. He verbally and physically abuses me... One time I had to call the police on him... When I'm the hospital he once told me to kill myself. I broke down crying in front of everyone.

Overall I hate myself with a passion. I stay locked in my room all day. I don't sleep or eat for 3-4 days at a time until I'm literally forced to. I have no friends at all of social life at all. I get bullied for my looks and boring personality. I have a hard time socializing with people especially girls. I constantly think about suicide all day. Would anyone miss me? Would anyone notice me gone? Would anyone care? The answer is honestly NO. Not one person would care... I hear voices as well in my head that tell me to do bad things like hurt myself. I listen to them. Nick is such a mess up, a mistake, a loner a loser, a social reject. Nick is boring. Nick is stupid and ugly. Nick is worthless. Nick should kill him self. Nick kill yourself. This is what goes on in my head constantly. I do have a small "business" I guess you can say where I resell sneakers for a profit. My goal this year was to make $100k but I'm falling behind on that. It makes me feel horrible about myself. I want to die all the time. Anyways thank you for reading this long boring life story. I'm going to kill myself soon. Goodbye!

-Nick