according to my dad, i was a mistakechildhood was a mess. mum and dad always fighting, bitching, arguing, dad always drinking, mum always spending money on shit / junk / crap. i even punched my dad once when i was just 12 because he was drunk and being violent. my mum once raised a large knife and threatened him with it just because he came home late from a bar, right in front of me. day i was allowed to leave country for college was a relief.

school was also shit. everyday was spent being bullied, beaten up by bigger kids, told i was ugly and would never get a gf, everyday i would go there in fear of being beaten up or picked on. college was the same. ended up in fights and plenty of arguments with others.

work was shit. got made redundant on my first career job out of college only 1.8 years after i got it. never managed to find a decent job after that, spent years looking and trying, ended up having to take a job delivering packages instead, 6 days a week, no holiday, no holiday pay, use my own car and my own fuel... economy was so down and it was do that or go homeless.

only good thing, i guess, to happen, is i did get a gf, and ended up marrying her, and i love her, but... it wasn't a clean start to the relationship. i went to meet up with a bunch of online friends i never met before to have a week long LAN party in another country. the guy hosting, his gf, was coming on to me quite a lot. by the time i had left for home, she was constantly chatting with me online, urging me to be with her. but in doing so, i would have ended my friendship with the guy who hosted the LAN party who i had also just met for the first time. after 3 attempts to nudge me into accepting our new "relationship" i gave in... and she told him, and he did pretty much what was expected... wiped me off all contact and ensured every other friend i made at that meet also ditched me and forgot about me, and i lost a lot of friends, but i got a gf. woohoo. i've always felt bad for it though... it was a messy start and i did something im not proud of. she's married to me now, we have a house together... but... she and him, could have had the same thing, and i fucked up things for him, and i never felt good about it.

3 years later after doing this shit delivery job, i dunno... i guess i just broke down. stress became too much to handle. i was always becoming involved in road rage incidents that were out of my control. one time a guy kicked the back of my car for not letting him walk past the street, and after confronting him about it, i ended up with a bloody nose sitting in an ambulance. another time  a guy outside his house yelled at me for driving too fast and called me a cunt, and after i called him a cunt back, him and his other friend, tried to attack me, and after i defended myself i had to file a police report. another time... a woman started screaming at me for blocking her drive because i was delivering a package to her neighbour that lives above her who also shares the same... fucking... drive.

that was it... i just went into a kind of i dunno... mental breakdown. i found it hard to breath, and i wanted to die, so i went to the doctors, and came out of there with a prescription for SSRIs. and once i popped that pill... i lost my life.

2.5 years later, today, i sit here, typing this out, and have been on 5 different SSRIs, and now i am on anti psychotics and SSRIs, because despite wanting to kill myself and getting thoughts like that all the time, im also getting images... flashes of people being stabbed with knives... but i dunno who is doing the stabbing, if its or someone else... i just go to work, people walk past me and if they are not a hot girl with big tits... i just think, you're no use, so you should die, and then the stabbing flashing images pop into my head.

and after all that... my dad makes a visit... and moans to me about his fucked up marriage, and wants to divorce my mum, and tells me that he actually was married before my mum... but unfortunately she died of a heart attack. he was distraught and torn up, and a couple of months later went on a date with my mum, set up at random by a dating agency in their local area near london at the time... and a couple of months later he managed to get my mum pregnant, and had he not done that, he would have left her a very long time ago.

so... after all i have had to go through, after all the self guilt and pitty, and misery i have felt all my life, apparently i was not even a planned child. i was just according to my dad, a fucking accident.

how am i supposed to send this reddit message now, and not just kill myself? how am i supposed to fucking continue living, when my own father, acknowledges that i should not have happened.

the stabbing thing... the flashes, maybe it's just life itself, trying to tell me that i have to stab myself. all those people being stabbed and killed, that will all stop if i just do it to myself. finally the feeling of blood and pain and slashes will flow through me, and those fucking images will stop and i can have a purpose in this life.

i was a mistake, an accident, therefore i should end myself, shouldnt i? what else am i useful for... its clear this world didnt want me. i never made any good friends, i lost many friends, and the one person i managed to get to marry me, married me in vain... at the cost of the destruction of one good relationship, to allow a fuck up like me to have a girl.

fuck it.
