Run away or kill myself?Hi. I'm with a situation and i really need some advice. (sorry if my english is not very good) I don't really know how to start but i'll do my best to explain. My father is an alchoolic since i can remember, sometimes he is fine for some time and we can pretend to be "normal" but then everything turns to shit. The story is more deeper than this, basically he didn't have a good childhood, when he gets drunk he usually tells about how he loved her mother and how she never loved him back and how she prefered my uncle and that she never let him succed in anything (and that's his excuse to be "nothing" today), adding to that his father was never present, was an alchoolic, spent all the money they had.... i think you can get the story....  So you could guess that he had learned from it and not to the same to his kids, but here we are. I'm 19 years old now and all my life i lived under domestic violence that he would do to my mother and to me, all this years i lived in so much fear, i always had good grades because i didn't want to give him an excuse to beat me, and i never did anything very dramatic like others teenagers, at home i used to be very quiet and lonely, studying and listening to music in my room... Nowadays i recognize that it's not only his fault, i blame my mother for never leaving him, she says we don't have money and nowhere to go, but the truth is that she is too much proud to ask for help to our family. I had to just keep this as my life, ignoring, like if it was normal to live like this, when my little sister was born he settled down a little, he doesn't beat me for years and i never let him do the same to my sister, and wherever he tried to beat my mother i would help everyone calm down, i remember so many scenarios we have lived...like one time he even turned a gun to his head and i remember wishing that he would do it so this could end. When i turned 18 it become easier because i got out of my parents house to go to college, being completely alone there it wasn't easy either and i kind of missed home, i would come back home every weekend to be with my mother and my sister but my father crisis become more often again, every weekend he gets drunk, doesn't let us sleep or study talking all night about his childhood, at first i would listen, i felt sorry for him, i recognize my own sadness on him, i felt we were alike- even if he was the reason for it -but then i decided to let it all out and got the courage to talk to him about all he had done to me, i was shaking and crying so much but i though it was worth it because he would finally know, he pretended he didn't knew what he had done, he thought he had been a good father (?), but he apologized. The only thing that makes that worth is the fact that now i'm not afraid anymore to talk and confront him. But he seems to "forget" everything again - so convenient... Since i'm 17 our 18 he got more interested on my life - not about the studies or what i like, is kind of creepy (i can't find another word to describe) he just asks me about my sex life, if i have a boyfriend and stuff like that, i always turn the subject around, is not really the subject that bothers me -even if is creepy- is because he never got an interest on me, never wanted to know if i was going good on studies or on what i liked and now this... I spent all my life being invisible in my own house - because i had to, i always felt like no one cared because everytime i tried to talk about my feelings no one would hear me, i learned to be strong and move on alone, but i reached my limit, now everytime he gets drunk he comes to me asking me why i never let him know about my life, why i never talk to him and ask him permition when i go out -like to the mall or to the beach (when i was 15 i didn'd have to ask, now with 19 i have??), why i hate him -he says i hate him based on (i guess) the fact that i don't talk about my life when he's drunk and asks me (the questions about my sexual life....). I'm done with this, i feel like i just have 3 options, 1.running away, got myself on a train and just disappear (but then i would have to give up on college for a while, till i got money), 2. kill myself and end this shit for good, so finally my mother would have to recognize something has got to change, 3.Ask for help to my family -ask money from my grandfather and if my sister could live with them (but i don't know if they would accept it or if i got courage to do so). I have a fourth option, to keep going with this...but i don't know if i can...i feel so much damaged on the inside... i don't want to come back to this every weekend but my sister said she doesn't want to be left alone, and i don't want to leave her, but this is so hard, i can't handle this anymore.... 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































