Fuck my life, fuck everything.Alright it took me a long time to post here. I feel honestly like I'm just asking for attention and this is in some way the wrong way to do this. I've tried talking to my best friend but he just stopped replying.

So everything was finally looking good, I'm in sophomore year and I was making new fiends, going to parties, and just having a great time with family and friends.

After Christmas shit hit the fan. My grandpa, who is my main father figure since my dad isn't around much, got a new girlfriend after my grandma died. She was like my mom, I was closed with her then my mom, and she died and I had to watch it, literally I watched her die in the most painful way imaginable to me. She was so strong, she never complained about the cancer she had and she always looked so strong but on her death bed she was so weak laying there. I can't get the image out of heead. It ducking haunts me.

So he got a new gf a year and a half later and she was nice and we always made hwe feel welcome. She started talking shit about our family and my grandma, and while I was staying there she talked shit about us when I was in the next room! And my grandpa fuck in defended her and we got in a huge argument and now we're not talking.

So that's my mom's side of the family and my dad's side pretty much all blame me from my dad getting back into drinking, except my brothers. They all blame me as the scape goat even though he used to beat me Andy brothers as kids. And they target me because I had a different mom then my brothers! Fuck them.

My best friend is always a dick to girls, cheats and lies and yells. Yet he always gets the girls and even fucked my ex a month after we broke up and I always forgive him. And I just found out that the girl I like is into him even though he's always a dick to her. He's not even popular or fit yet he can get nudes and stuff from a bunch of girls and I ducking hate myself.

I'm not in a good shape and ducking exercise is so hard because I have horrible asthma and now I hate the way I look and my body.

My dad just got put of rehab again and was also in jail before that and he's starting to come back in my life but I know it's going to end in disaster like it always does.

Sorry about rambling and all that I'm just really having like a panic attack and can't stop crying. Idk what to do at this point or who to talk to. I wpuld just feel like I'm complaining.