Im shit at literally everything fuck meIm 18. Im a dude. Im ugly af. Im fat. Im an asshole. Im a wimp. Im a pussy bitch. Im a loser. I really enjoy singing but im shit at it. I want to make friends but im shit at that. I want to get a job but im shit at that. I want to get fit but im shit at that. I want to get a girlfriend but im shit. Im such a fucking weirdo. I hate everything. I hate people. But i want friends. I want someone i can hang out with. Someone i can talk to about girls and stuff. Someone who listens. Someone who cares. I want a girlfriend too.. (though that seems like its never gonna happen) i want a girlfriend so that i have someone to hug when im sad. Someone to let me cry on their shoulder. Someone to take care of me. Someone who loves me for me. Someone i can spend everyday with/talking to. I want to feel the warmth of love. But im ugly as shit and im an asshole, a dick, a douche. Sometimes im all those things without noticing.. i dont know how to act in front of people. I dont know how to act infront of girls. Im such a loser. Fuck me. Fuck everything. Im so done with all this shit. Fuck i just want to break something. Fuck i hate some people you know.. the "friends" i have right now treat me like shit yet im so nice to them. Im worst to my own family. FUCK it makes me so mad. I would smash his fucking face. Fuck him. Fucking asshole of a friend. But its no use... im stuck. I still have roughly 2 years of school left. And hes my classmate. I thought we were good. We had an ok relationship. It wasnt the best friendship but we talked and we laughed alot. One day i make a small fucking mistake and he fucking decides to be an asshole to me the entire day. I say im sorry yet he still wants to be a motherfucker. And no nothing happened to him in his life. At the start of the day we were talking fine but as soon as i screwed he became an asshole to me the entire day. He was the only person i could talk to freely about anything. He turned on me. Even though he was an asshole the whole day i was nice to him. I lent him stuff and didnt retort to anything he said. But i swear i feel like smashing his fucking face in. The motherfucker. But if i do that i know everyone in my class will turn on me. Because everyone likes him more than me. Fuck them all. Theyre all assholes. I wish i had proper people who u can call friends. I dont know what to do. I swear.. fuck man.. i got so much shit to talk about but thats it for now..