I don't know what to do anymore. What am I doing with my life?Hey guys. I'm sorry for bothering I am so lost. I'm not going to kill myself, but I want to. I just don't do it because of my parents, they love me so much and I don't even know why. I am a terrible person, and most certainly a worse daughter. I've known this since I was 14, now I am 21. I've tried to change but I never do it, it seems impossible, why can't I change? Why is this so hard? I don't help my parents, I didn't help my grandmother, she was old and I never helped her to shopping she barely could walk and I never helped her and she always asked me. I just stayed at home doing nothing. She died almost 4 years ago and I know she loved me.  Why? Why does my family love me? I don't deserve the family that I have. I don't deserve to have friends but I do, good ones. And that's maybe because they don't know how disgusting I am. And when my parents die I will think that I could've done better and I knew it and I didn't do anything to change it. I have everything, why can't I be normal? Why do I keep laying in my bed watching movies/playing video games while I could be studying?Here's other thing, I've always been a good student\(I didn't study much but I could wlways make it\) but last year I just gave up from the 2nd year of my college\(first time I failed at "school"\) to change, and improve my grades and everything, be responsible. Why didn't that happen? It looks that the time flies so fast when I wake up it has already passed 6 months, it was going so good until january, The first semester was fine but now I think I'm gonna to fail again and that was not my goal. Why? The one thing I am good at is failing that's maybe why I waste my time in my bed doing nothing. The good news is I started to play guitar and I am loving it, I first started when I was 14 but I gave up right away it was something that I really wanted but the school that I was at was so boring, the one that I'm in now it's really good. But it shouldn't have been this way, if I really liked to play the guitar I should've researched what I wanted to play at the time. Next week I have 3 exams and I'm so not ready, I still have the 2nd exams but why do I always leave the things when I have time to do it at first?  The truth is I just can study when the dates are coming closer. I have a problem too: When I choose to do something, I'm always thinking it's a waste of time while I could be doing something better. Why? If I started to play guitar at 14 I was now good at playing. I'm tired of me, I just want to sleep forever, I'm so done. I can't do this anymore. I am always trying to change but I can't do it. I want to wake up early, run, walk my dog, study, play guitar, help my parents and be healthy. It's so fucking hard, I've been trying for so long. I'm tired of trying I just wanna die, but I can't die. It would destroy my parents and what kills me the most is why? I'm a piece of shit. I don't even remember things properly now, it seems like my memory is so short. I might be getting crazy.  
I'm sorry guys I told you my story. That's basically my story. It's just this, this is my life. Sad. Even sadder because so much people would want to be in my place. I wish I wasn't the winner of the race. I wish I was never born, my parents deserve so much better. I wish nobody chose me. I always let people down. 