Long Annoying Whine-Rant of a Disaffected LoserI'm 27 and I feel like my life is slipping through my fingers.

I went to college for art, but as soon as the going got tough I stopped improving and just sort of gave up. Something I wanted so badly now just seems so far out of reach. It's been five years since we graduation and my work pales in comparison to people graduating from my college now. It's pathetic. I'm pathetic.

I've always been driven by recognition and success. I was a straight A student in K-12, graduated valedictorian from high school. Everything started to crumble in my junior year of college, and I graduated college with a 3.495. Just under the grade to get summa cum laude. Five years later and I'm still exactly where I was when I graduated. Nowhere.

I'm working a dead-end contract job in California for something that's pretty cool, admittedly. It's just not what I went to school for, what I wanted to be doing with my life. Even though I'm making decent money, I can't help but feel that I failed. I've been promoted and it isn't enough. I go through the motions every day now, watching the clock. Saying to myself "I'll work on art when I get home", and it never happens. Never. It's so embarrassingly pathetic.

My art hasn't improved since graduation, because I haven't bucked down to work on it. I seem to be full of excuses; oh today was stressful, oh I didn't sleep well last night, oh I deserve a break after the stress of doing this one small chore I was outting off for days. I deserve nothing because I haven't earned the right to say I'm stressed or tired. How dare I say I'm tired or stressed when there's so many people out there, working their hardest to improve, while I sit here and do nothing but whine about how I haven't gotten a job in my art? It's disgusting. Annoying. I must sound so stupid to others.

I know my friends and family care about me. I have a wonderful fiance who loves me. I just can't help but feel like I'm letting them all down. Like the money my mom took out for my degree went to waste. I tell my friends about everything I'm feeling and I can't help but think they're getting sick of it. They've been hearing it for years, my excuses and whining. It must be getting old. Most of my family doesn't really understand mental illness so there's no point in telling them.

Some people would say "oh well you don't have to do great things, being average is ok", and to that I say bullshit, at least as far as I'm concerned. If other people want to do that, that's great for them. For me though, I may as well just give up and lay in front of a train. If I'm not striving for greatness, what good am I? If I'm not trying to create something that will benefit someone else, some day, what's the point of me being here? If all I want to do is just live and be happy for myself, that'd the lost selfish and lowly thing I could think of doing. 

In short, I'm an artist who doesn't do art; a wannabe, a has-been. A person who thrives on recognition, which is the most flippant way of being happy, but it's all I've known, and I'm too lazy and pathetic for my work to get recognition anymore. I've done nothing special or important with my life, and at this rate I never will.

I don't even know why I'm getting up tomorrow. I really don't. All I do is disappoint myself every day. I could just be done with it and everything would be better off. Me, my friends, my family, the world. One less failure making everything worse and whining about it. One less disappointment.

If you read this far into this intelligible diatribe, I'm sorry. A waste of time, to be sure. Hopefully you'll rise above this and become the things I can't; happy, fulfilled, successful, contented. I'm too far gone.