Im so sick of myselfIm sick of this stupid fucking excuse of a human being i am. What the fuck am i doing? All i do is play video games, cry and waste away all day. I used to be studious and everyone who knew me as a teen said i’d get a good job in the future, but guess what? I fucking flunked in my last year of high school because i started having ‘panic attacks’ which apparently was meltdowns because  as i found out 6 months ago. Im fucking autistic. Wow, gee, great. 

Theres nothing bad about autistic people but i really didn’t need another fucking reason for everyone to look down at me for.  Which is what everyone is doing. And maybr they actually have the right idea since im a pathetic piece of shit. I tried. I really really tried. Ok, FINE. I’m unable to go to school anymore because I have stress induced meltdowns just by going there due to years of childhood abuse, undiagnosed autism and eating disorders. Fine, I started going to the therapy. I tried and tried and tried to get into work, but i couldn’t even do that. I fucked up. I kept fucking up every job until everyone around me told be ‘take my time’ and ‘focus on my health’ 

5 years later. Im 23 and its only gotten worse

Im isolated at home. I dont have any friends, I lost the few high school friends i had after i flunked out. i mentally can’t dtand to go out. I cry if i take the fucking buss, I have to have someone with me into the grocery store (or go there on ungodly hours to avoid people) i moved into a government supported apartment thats supposed to help people that struggle with mental health in the capacity i do and everyday i keep seeing how each day goes by and how i either stand still or get worse.

I am such a fucking useless piece of shit. I can’t see a future anymore. I started ‘selfharming’, but can you even call it that?  I end up only  cutting yourself with needles to the point i barely bleed because im a stupid pathetic coward and i get squeamish with too much blood. Even entertaining thoughts of killing myself i try to think of the most painless ways to go, because despite being a useless sack of shit im dcared of physical pain

I dont know what the fuck i just wrote im just tired and angry and everything just hurts and i want to stop being this way. But i can’t. I tried and tried but i can’t im so weak and pathetic i can’t even do the simple shit anymore.