I was told to xpost this from /r/getmotivated [The lesson I learned]I'm 19 years old, I've walked this earth for 19 years. That may not seem much to you, but for me, it's a lifetime.

In my life, I like to think that I already saw a lot of this world, and experienced a lot. But for some I've seen nothing, I've accomplished nothing and they think life for me is yet to begin.

I've been bullied a lot when I was younger, I was a chubby little kid, shy and not good at sports. The other kids made me feel really bad about myself, but there was one person who could motivate me to go on and do better. That was my dad, he constantly pushed me to achieve things, to see things and experience things. He often took me to places I'll never see again, New-Zealand, Singapore, America, Canada, and so on. He made me feel better about me.

Skip to when I was 11, I got diagnosed with diabetes type I. The world ended for me that day. I lost 12 kilo's, was dehydrated and taken to the hospital. My dad was there, blowing up a doctors glove and we started playing volleybal with dozens of gloves, he made me feel good again. He talked to the doctors and asked what he could do to help me with my diabetes. He then explained everything he learned from the doctors to me. I felt way better, life with diabetes isn't that bad, you just have to care for your own body a bit better than other people.

He started doing sports with me. Motivating me to get better bloodsugars and be healthy. We went to Austria 3 times a year to go snowboarding and skiing. For a good long time, both my dad and my mom helped me a lot and since I was starting to enter puberty, that wasn't so easy for them.

14 years old, my mom wakes me up at 01:33 am. My dad had died in a skiing accident in Aspen at the age of 51. I was numb, numb with fear, numb with pain and basically the only thing I could feel at that moment was anger, rage more like it. The next few weeks I didn't eat, sleep or talk. I was almost always in my room, just staring at the wall or crying my bloody eyes out. Because I didn't eat or sleep my bloodsugars reached dangerously low levels and I was taken to the hospital after 2 weeks, I had passed out with a bloodsugar of around 1.2 mmol/l. Which is very very low. And to be honest, at that point I didn't give a fuck, just numbness.

I wake up at the hospital, my mom is at the side of my bed, she looks like she's been crying. She hugs me really tight and tells me that she loves me. After a few hours of talking to my mom (I haven't done that for 2 weeks at the time) my brother rushes in, hugs me and started to yell, curse and rage at me. They thought they had lost me too.

At that point I was so shocked, I started thinking: I can't do that to my family, they count on me to live, to be healthy and to be with them. They love the shit out of me. And I love the shit our of them to.

I'm 19 now, and not a single day goes by without thinking about those days. I've learned a very very valuable lesson. People need YOU, people want you to live, people want you to be happy. I want you to be happy, healthy and able to reach your dreams.

Live your life to the fullest. Love the ones around you, for they could be gone any second. You can do anything you want.

(excuse any spelling mistakes or incoherences english is not my first language)