My Personal Experience With DepressionSo, I figured I would get all my thoughts out on paper. Please bear with me, because I do have a few, and if you care to read them, I hope you gain at least something from it. If you are prone to suicidal thoughts, trigger warning ahead. This will probably not make you feel better. 

I've always been a depressed boy. I have no clue when it started, but all I know is, it's always been like this for me. Most people I've talked to reminisce about carefree days in their childhooods, wanting to go back to that innocence they once had. I can't relate, really. I was never really all that playful. I always stayed away from other kids, keeping my head down at recess and eating alone at lunch. People sometimes would try to talk to me, for whatever reason, but I usually had nothing to say and they would give up after a while. I've made a friend or two, but they've drifted away from me with time. I preferred being left alone, anyhow. Without too much variation, this is how most of my life has gone up to this point. 

If I ever experience a really strong emotion, it's usually anger. I don't feel like I have anger issues, and I'm not really prone to outbursts or anything. I do get frustrated, though. Half the time, I can't even explain what I'm angry about. I think I'm just angry that I haven't had the courage to die yet. I'm angry at the fact I'm alive, if that makes any sense. 

I've just always wanted to be left alone, to be forgotten about. Life to me seems like a huge waste of time, and so many of the things people usually live out their days caring about, I never really did have any attachment to. I don't profess to know what happens after we die, but I do know what I hope it is. I hope it's a long, cold silence, a big void of emptiness free of pain or joy. That's the only place I think I could find lasting peace. 

My family has begged me to go back to counseling, or to start taking pills again, even tried to get me to go to a psychiatric institution. I feel like they don't understand me, and they never will. I don't think I'll ever get better, nor do I think I really want to at this point. I've felt I was a lost cause for a long, long time, and each day I feel this realization becoming more and more apparent to me. 

So, I figured I'd leave this happy note on reddit. I'm not planning on hurting myself currently, but if something does happen to me, I'm glad I got to tell my story to the world first.