Do you ever have vivid suicide dreams?Hey,

First of all I wouldn't say I'm quite suicidal yet; I have a lot of issues and I think about it from time to time, but have never thought about going through with it. However a few nights ago I had an exceptionally vivid dream of myself committing suicide.
I don't commonly dream, or at least I don't commonly remember dreams, at most one every few months and I only remember for a short while after waking up, and only minor details. So having such a vivid dream is slightly worrying to me. 

&amp;nbsp;

The dream started off with me laying exactly as I was in real life, my room was exactly the same as it was even my bedsheets which I had changed that night were correct, I still feel like I was actually there, it was so realistic and correct. I was just laying there, I don't know how long for, but I could feel myself thinking, I'm not sure what about but I was noticeably thinking very hard. As I was laying there, there were flashes, flashes of my bed covered in blood - I'm not sure if this was part of the dream, or my thoughts within the dream. As I lay there for a while longer thinking, my hand moves out to the side and grabs something, it's a knife, a knife that I instantly recognise as it's from our kitchen and even has the exact same scratches and scuffs. I bring the knife slowly up to my neck, with the widest part leaning on my neck, I continue to lay there for a while, thinking about how to do it, do I slice slowly but hard, do I slice hard and fast, do I put the point to my neck and stab in. And then I just do it, with all my strength I pull the knife firmly across my throat. And that's it, that is where my dream ends, however I don't wake up - If I ever die in a dream I always wake up, but this time I just drifted back into the nothingness of not dreaming. 

&amp;nbsp;

I'm confused by this dream, it was so vivid and real it's scared me. I was wondering if anyone has had something like this, I've been worried about it, it feels ominous. 

I'm sorry if this is the wrong place for this to go :/ 