i think of suicide everydayI live in Hong Kong and sorry for my english. When I was a kid , my parents forced me to do everything they wanted in order to lead me a road to success .I know they love me and what they do are definitely good for me . I didn't really think those things were stressful to me though I dont have interest in most of the couses I joined . However when i grew up , i started to resist . And eveythin g i've learnt was all in vain . Comparing with my sister , I gave up all the things halfway so easily . In my parents' eyes , I mean , I'm the fail.  
Then when i go in secondary school  , i found out Music is the thing I want . So i told my parents I wanted to learn it but they just thought i would give it up again . They denied my talent on Music and always told me that I didnt have any talent on it so just studied hard to get in the university . ( In HK we dont have many universities so the competitions are really cut-throat )  
In the meantime , I got bullied in the school . I mean ,  I can handle it and just pretended that didnt really bother me in the surface . But the stress grew inside .  I got many denial from girls and every girl I've loved , I've courted just made fun of me . But the great thing was i made some great friends and they are my brothers now .  Then when I almost graduated  , the time that the exam for going in university nearly began  , the girl I loved so long , I could do eveything for her , just became the girlfriend of one of my best friend . 
Then i literally just broke down ,  I failed all of my exam  and that just made thing worse .My parents thought i was totally a garbage . Then i've decided to retake the exams again ; However , the stress from the exam were too much because there was no social life for me and everyday what I did was just study and study . I mean , when I was in school  , I could still chill with my friends after studying and support each other .  So I gave up my retake again and decided to go studying higher diploma instead of university . 

Then now i need to wait about two months for the admission of HD  . But now when I look at myself  , I'm a rubbish . Every musical instruments I've learnt I can't achieve the standard goal . And I've a big stone on my heart that I  can't relieve all the time . When I play piano , I'd be angry why I'm so bad . I just think I need some rests but maybe this place won't allow me that we need to compete with others so much . I don't know what can I say now , i'm just sad everyday i wake up