I think about not being here anymore all the time but the guilt I feel constantly is the only thing that holds me back sometimesThrowaway for obvious reasons. 

I haven’t come here with the idea someone will try and talk me round from this, I’m more curious to know if anyone else ever feels like this and if they do, are there other options ? Sorry for the long post but it feels cathartic to write this all somewhere. Right now it feels theres so much of it in my brain, id rather not be here to have to keep trying to wade through it all. 

I had a boyfriend of 9 years. We loved each other, grew up together from 18-27, we shared so much love for the same things... I felt that we were always supposed to be together. Like a natural force of something...

Anyway, the other thing is he also treated me badly. I knew him well enough to know he loved me and that he was this way because of his own twisted upbringing but he didn’t treat me that way. I guess you could say he was emotionally abusive for maybe 25% of our relationship and it really started to mess me up. He saw me as his family, and I saw him as mine. My need to always please others in the hope I can somehow control the horrendous mess that is life and people and somehow if I do the right thing, everyone will be happy.

So the more I lost the plot after we moved in together and the more I began to cut myself off from him. I never told him, I just kept pretending it was fine like I always do. Then I cheated on him, and I lost him and all of my friends that I built a life with. I hate myself for it.

Meanwhile my sister has anorexia. She nearly died last year and was hospitalised. My mum and dad have driven themselves close to madness with the sheer effort it takes to look after her, and the trauma of how bad things have been in the passed has left terrible emotional scars on all of us. She’s still not well and despite being 20 she requires constant help while she lives at home. I love my sister and my mum and dad very much. I always feel I have to try and look after them because they are marooned on their island of sadness and I live away from them and get to enjoy a happy life while theirs crumbles. I’m at home with them in lockdown now and I hate it. The idea of going back to my flat and leaving them here fills me with guilt and shame. I hate that the family I knew had gone and constantly grieve how we used to be. I miss having a mum and I miss not feeling like I have no one to talk to about how difficult I’m finding life. I care so much about them and I think knowing I feel this way would break them. I could never tell them.  When I leave them after visiting other times, I feel how I used to when I used to drive away from visiting my sister in hospital. I feel like my heart is being pulled out of my body. Sometimes I cry so hard about it it feels like I howl. Thinking of how she’s wasting her life and ruining my family’s too makes my head hurt if I give it any time 

I now have a boyfriend. We’ve been together 6+ months and he’s great. He’s kind, he’s caring, he’s gentle, he cares about me so much and has taught me so much about what is normal in a relationship. And yet I still torture myself with thoughts of my ex. I didn’t used to but now it’s like my brain is back on self destruct mode and that’s all I can do. I feel that I am not worth this person and he deserves someone stable. He tells me that he wants to marry me, and that he loves how positive and steady minded I am. I feel so lost because I don’t feel I can tell him how dark I feel some days. Some days I also feel trapped by this relationship but I’ve made so many awful choices in life that I can’t trust if I am wrong to feel this way about him? What’s wrong with me? Why can’t I just be happy? Or, maybe I’m right to feel this way and I should be alone? 

My best friend abandoned me after I cheated on my ex boyfriend. We’d been best friends since we were 12. She said she thought I was an awful person and that she didn’t think our morals aligned. She said that there were many things over the years she didn’t like about me and listed them in 10s of page long texts. One thing she said is she could never forgive me for the abortion I had or that I drank before I had it. I often think she’s right and I am a hateful person. 

I met up with my ex yesterday to see if he was the answer. I felt like maybe now I’d grown and seeing him would make it all make sense. Maybe he had changed and I had too and that would mean all the problems from before would fade away. For the first time I couldn’t let that horrendous chaotic person take over. Part of me actually wanted to screw everyone else over and run away with him and be happy and I so wanted to be the right person for him too. But when I met him I just realised that all I do is pine for a toxic relationship, and he could never trust me again, and my family would be so disappointed in me, and the gossip mill would turn again. I’d love to trust my “instincts” but I know they’re always wrong and I can’t face anymore hurt. I can’t make anymore victims of anyone. I told him I wanted him to leave after we sat and talked. He’s now so hurt. He says he’s a fool for my love and he again allowed himself to believe I wanted him. I do I just don’t know how I can ever find my way back to him, or if I should. 

So now I’ve made peace. I don’t have him in my life, I need to consider my relationship right now and do everything I can not to hurt him, and I need to be there for my family .... but what’s even next? What is all this fuss for? I don’t want to live this life anymore where I dream of music and fun and being carefree and following my heart - knowing all the while that the person I want to share that with will ruin my life. I just want out. 

I don’t want to feel all this worry anymore, I don’t want to keep on trying to keep up this act I’m fine anymore, I don’t want to keep constantly living in fear of hurting others only to then hurt them. 

People keep saying I’m a good person but I don’t see how. I loved my ex and I cheated on him, I loved my best friend and she left me, I’ve betrayed my wonderful loyal kind soul partner’s trust (whether I acted on it or not is irrelevant, I’m a liar), I add no value to my family despite all of my efforts. 

I tell my friends and they are good at giving advice and listening but really what I want to tell them is “but despite everything I still sometimes think I’d rather not be here”. I can’t because I know exactly what they’ll say and it won’t make even a bit of difference. I know they’d miss me if I was gone but that’s not enough to stop hating my brain and life and how grotesque it is sometimes. If only I could get over the crushing guilt I feel at the thought of what it would do to others, id go ahead and do it.

Sometimes I think that in the weirdest way, my ex would be the only person on this whole planet who would understand why