I See the EndI see the end of my life and it's only a few days away. It could mean Killing myself or changing my thought process and try again.

I would like to start with the fact that I have everything in the world. I'm a young adult in a lovely relationship, I have a loving family, I have enough income to get by, had a decent savings account and I've met god/ I understand the meaning of god and every loving and hating action that s/he does. But I feel like I'm about to kill myself anyway. I know the tremendous sadness and destruction that it will bring to my loved ones and everyone that cares about me, and yet I still want to kill myself. (This is my 9th year with suicidle thoughts and depresstion)

That Thought started about two months ago when I remembered that I don't actually matter and since then my life has slowly been falling apart. I mean my good deeds have been going unseen for way longer but now even my selfish actions aren't doing me any favours either. 

Part : I got a promtion at my workplace to a manager only to find out that the promotion only lead to walking on egg shells for my boss. Every action that I did started to get micro mangered and this recent covid situation have been making customers crazy which leads to all those egg shells having I.E.Ds under them. So guess what I smarten up and started to follow everything by the book, but that still wasn't good enough for them. Everyday I was still getting called out for my old misbehavours, even though I wasn't doing them. SO WTF right.

Part 2: Everything that I owned started to break and the replasement ideams broke to. My headphones bust, go out and bye a new pair, within a week the new pair break. I go and get another pair and you guessed it, the new ones broke too, My stero system has busted, Any game I get to try to escape this reality is breaking, with glitches galor and a bunch of crashes and the new cyber punk game and I hoped will be the end of this spiral of sadness was broken from the start on PS4. Ok maybe the problem is that I'm just bying stuff for myself and not others. My dad wants Metal signs for our kitchen, So I thought of getting some cool signs from a vintage shop. Brought them home and hung them up on the wall. The first thing that I hear from his mouth after I tell him the price was "WHY THE FUCK DID YOU SPEND THAT MUCH MONEY ON THOSE SIGNS. SUCH A FUCKING WASTE" That wasn't the exact words becuase it's been awhile ago, but it's the same energy. And to rub it in my face, a week later he buys a new toy. Something that he does not need and doesn't have the money to get in the first place. Don't worry theres more to go on.

Part 3: I don't think anyone can understand me and everytime I try to speak up about it, I get shot down. It could be to my boyfriend, My mom or dad, or even my bosses and coworkers. I get nothing. Hell I can even do what people tell me to do. For Example They tell me Not to bring in my phone in to work, so I don't, But the next day they tell me that I need my phone for work. I bring up the fact that you're not allowed to have you're phone at work. They say that it was a test, but then the following day they ask me to take out my phone again. So was that just a power trip for you and you wanted to just yell at someone.

Part 3.5: And I'm a young adult so no one actully trusts me yet. I tried to get a loan and told them how I can pay it off and the plan that I have for it. I got denied. I had all the paper work other then my pay stubs becuase I get payed staight to my bank account. Tried to get an apartment, Denied, tried 3 other places Denied. And going back to work I'm not trusted to do my job and even if I'm doing my job properly and by the book they come over and yell at me for doing something that they preseve to me not doing my job. 

Part 4: So I said before that I met God and the devil, They are real and Hell is even on earth in the form of some video games. (What is hell other then constint villance in a place that looks not quite real but real enough to make you keep going and you can't feel a dam thing). Then God is just Love. The concept of it anyway. And I'm trying to be a good man, even if no one excepts my good deeds I know that I'm a slave to the devil, in the form of art. I must make art otherwise I will feel that feeling that I am unless.

Part 5 The Final Chapter: This all Started becuase I remembered that I don't matter. I am one person, in a world of 8+ Billion people. My art isn't special. It's just another artist. I can do a great job or a shitty job and everyone around me still thinks it's the most beautiful thing they've seen. I got that promotion and then I deceided it wasn't for me. Didn't need the stress, just to see the newest employee get my spot. Even though all they said when I got the position was we needed to trust you and it takes alot of time to trust employees. Guess that was a lie. Told people that I think i'm going sober and all I got was a bunch of I don't cares (Was sober for a month till I needed a smoke to get out this head space) The bunch of stuff in part 3.5. And the fact that I will be forgotten/Was never important at all. I can live this long life and become important. Then I can become emortal(ish) though my art and what I put into this world, but it's still be for nothing. In a long enough timeline I will be forgotten. So why should I keep going when everything that I do will be for nothing and everyone around me tells me they love me but everytime I speak up about how I'm feeling They push it aside like I'm acting crazy or don't understand what I'm saying. 

I start a new type of theropy on Tueday. Hopefully we can figure it out. But if secertly I don't think it's going to work. I'm pretty sure my suicidle thoughts will contine and at what point do I except the fact that I can't run from that fate.

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you for reading. I'll push though it like I always do. If I have one meaning of life it's" to get as close to divinity as you can and spread those rays to mankind"