The worst night of my life.So this is a long story, with lots of history, I’ve been diagnosed bipolar and when things get bad, I’m really not myself. I act absolutely insane and sometimes toxic. I’m aware and when I’m on my meds everything is fine. I’ve dated my most recent Ex for two years and we loved each other madly. We had one falling out about a year into our relationship, I wasn’t taking my medicine right and acted crazy. We eventually got back together and he helped keep me on track. Well about a month ago our lives started falling apart, financially, bad news, the pandemic was really getting the best of us, however our relationship had never been stronger/ healthier. Then the worst happens, we find out I’m pregnant.... we freak out and don’t know what to do. Honestly our only option at the time was not to keep it. A part of me wanted to but knew I wouldn’t be able to afford to feed it and he kept telling me it would be the best thing for our relationship. It was a super hard and emotional decision especially for me. After I found out about my pregnancy I got so depressed I stopped taking my meds and then eventually I would forget to take them almost every day leading up to the abortion. We did the pill method and the first night he stayed by my side and took great care of me. But the second night is when things turned to SHIT. I started feeling really good (it was a manic episode coming on) we’re laying in bed together and most of the cramping is over I’m just bleeding a lot and going through maxi pads. I don’t even know how the fight started it was honestly over something stupid, but then it started escalating, he began to shout at me (almost screaming) and something in me snapped. I started screaming back and getting so emotional I was crying and hyperventilating I couldn’t see straight, I went crazy something in me snapped and I was having a total meltdown. I go out to my car to leave and sit in my car screaming crying and shaking. Then I realize I cried so hard my contacts came out and I couldn’t drive. I was also emotional and couldn’t believe he let me leave, I eventually got out of my car (because I couldn’t see) start banging really loudly on his door and scream let me in I can’t drive. He told me I needed to leave because I was acting crazy. (Him saying all this just fed fuel to the fire) I frantically leave and drive home without my contacts in (which for me is super dangerous I really can’t see). I’m so emotional I can’t think straight. I’m getting tunnel vision. I start calling him and he keeps declining my calls. I start freaking out because I don’t wanna go through this abortion alone. I’m still bleeding a lot and very emotional. I call him so many times and eventually he picks up I beg him to please just talk to me because I’m scared and alone. I’m begging and begging but he keeps hanging up. I’m scared ,alone, cramping and still bleeding heavily. I call him from different numbers (using an app) hoping he’ll talk to me but he won’t. I spend the night alone crying and freaking out. He calls me the next morning telling me how abusive and crazy I was and he never wants to see me again. My whole world is crushed. Before you tear me apart please know that I know I was acting toxic and crazy but after I calmed down I really tried apologizing profusely and asked if we could just talk and he refuses. Thanks for reading all this. Any advice is welcome. I wanna die. I’ve posted this in other mental health groups for advice.