i want to get help but i dont want to make things worse.tw: trauma, abuse, neglect, s/h, etc.

(first part here is just context, feel free to skip but there may be important parts) so, for a while i was living with my mom. she had a roommate(who was obviously a lot closer to her than just a roommate) and he loved to torment me. he brainwashed and manipulated my mom into believing i would destroy her life. he would tell her that he, her, and his daughter could live happily if i wasn't in the picture, and he convinced her that i'm useless. he did such a great job at this that she left me alone at home for an entire summer, returning for a brief hour or so to drop off necessities then returning back to him. at some point she didn't drop off food and i had literally nothing to eat. i survived off water and tea. we moved in with him a month after that. in september of 2019, a really big fight broke out and that's the first time i ever told her i had been considering suicide. she called the police and i was hospitalized. after being discharged, i went to live with my aunt. a few months later, i went to live with a friend, and by february(ish) of 2020, i was back with my mom and her roommate. in the time leading up to that i had been hospitalized another 4 times. there was constant torment from him and lots of isolation. i relapsed into old habits of staying up all night and sleeping through the day just so i could avoid having to see him(or her, for that matter). i started self harming, my suicidal ideation got worse, and all around everything was horrible. one night in may, the three of us were in a really bad fight. i dont remember the events leading up to it, but i remember he put her in a chokehold. i kicked him and he shoved me onto the tile floor, my head hitting first. we had called the police and a restraining order was placed. cps got involved and that's when they found out the abuse and neglect from my mom's side. they removed me from her care and placed me with one of my other aunts. i was there for just barely a month until i was hospitalized once more and my aunt thought i must've been the devil's son for self harming and being suicidal. after that, i went to live with my dad's best friend/my ex-stepmother(for the sake of simplicity, i'll call her anne here.)

alright, here's where i am now. i've been in anne's care since june and things have gone relatively well. i've still been dealing with depression, anxiety, suicidal ideation, and s/h this whole time. i felt comfortable opening up to her for a while. that is until last time i attempted suicide. i told her about it and she was pissed. she called me selfish, stupid, ungrateful, etc. she yelled at me and by the time she let me go to sleep i felt like shit. i felt worse. and ever since our relationship has been damaged. i'm scared of opening up to her now because every time since then i've told her about things i'm bothered by it ends up with a lecture, fight, or argument. lately i've been feeling a lot more suicidal than usual. so much so that it's hard to even think about life without wanting to stop existing. it's gotten really bad. and i know i need to tell someone. but i'm scared it will be her breaking point if she finds out i'm still suicidal. even if i don't tell her, she'll find out when i'm hospitalized or someone tells her about it. i don't know exactly what would happen but i have a few likely pictures in mind. she could say i'm too much and kick me out just like everyone else, she could completely revoke all privacy i have, and/or her trust in me would be so damaged and i will have ruined any bond we may have had. if the first outcome happens i'll be completely lost. i won't know who i'll be living with next. the other two would just be really stressful to deal with and not helpful. either way, i wish i could just tell her what's happening and i wish she would respond in a way that would end well for everyone. i'd be fine if she had to take me to the hospital. in fact, i think that would be best. only issue is it hasn't worked in the past so she probably won't let it happen. but the only reason it hasn't worked in the past is because i didn't take it seriously. i didn't accept the help i was getting. i feel like im contradicting myself and making everything so much worse than it has to be and i wish i wasn't like that. i just feel really stuck right now and i don't know where to go from here. any help is very appreciated

 im sorry this is such a long post, delete if not allowed