I finally have enough closure to end it all.I really love this kind of subreddit because some people tend to really care, even if some of the people truly did take their lives. It's gonna be a really long and disgusting post that you've probably seen a million times but I suppose this could serve as a good suicide note of sorts.

Edit: I forgot to mention. I've spoken to 2 therapists about this and both have written me off as someone who is lying. I cannot say I blame them, as what you are about to read can be a little extreme but hey, it's all true. This is the only site I think people will actually read it, but thinking back, no one will care. I'm sorry.

I'm a college student 21 years of age, male, and studying Psychology; I hoped that I could become a Therapist in order to help those that suffer from similar issues. I also power lift 4 times a week, cardio every day, and am in the best shape of my life. I am into anime, video games, and reading. I also donate to charity and attended a church for some time to take part in community events to help the poor by cooking for them, making clothes, etc. 

I have no friends, and never had one in my entire life. I wasn't really bullied at all in middle school and high school, and I will admit it was my own fault for not making friends in those times because I was too nervous to talk to anyone but in middle school and high school, my classmates seemed friendly enough but I never spoke to them. Now in college, (I'm supposed to be a junior starting in late August), the social scene is vastly different, and I will attribute the vast majority of my suicidal tendencies on the social scene in college. 

I had thought of reinventing myself so that I could become someone people would depend on, and remember my name. People say that people in college are less shallow, well, that is probably the biggest lie in the world. I have been at this college for 2 years now, and in these 2 years, the students have made me out to be the worst, most vile, disgusting, putrid entity on planet Earth, to the point where Hitler and Joseph Stalin are Gods of Virtue compared to the likes of me. I have attempted to join 5 clubs in these 2 years. I've been removed promptly from 2 of the clubs because the organisation leader thought I was too ugly to be in there (I am not making this up, I was told this by another club member. I tried filing a complaint but figured what is the point). In class, people will go out of their way to never sit next to me, not even in my row or in my column. When it comes to group work, there's been at least 1 case that I know of where my partner(s) spoke to the teacher to not work with me. I have also been on purposely spit on twice during my two years at the college, one at a party (while she screamed at me to leave) and one while riding the bus and everyone laughed me. After that bus ride, I went home and was angry enough to slice my wrists and peel some skin off, and I enjoyed it so much knowing that I deserved the pain since I'm a vile creature. On top of that, I've been rejected of friendships, and girlfriends for no other reason other than being physically disgusting and the entire school's population of 6000+ exiling me from social situations. 

School has ended for now, for at least 3 weeks and I've been doing some serious thinking. At this point, humanity has shown me that I'm not welcome. My charity is not even needed here, people don't want charity from a demon like myself. I may actually be the Devil himself judging from how people react to me. So, I figured that tomorrow, or least this week, I will walk into the woods and stab myself in the stomach and bleed out, after I overdose on sleeping pills. I needed the combination of the pain to be like that since demons don't really deserve a peaceful way out it seems. 

I refuse to post a picture of myself since I don't want people that hate me to see I wrote something like this.

I truly hope that every single person here is happy and I wish everyone that maybe read this a happy Summer and I give you all hugs and kisses. I love you. ❤