Honestly suicidal at this point.might not be the right place to post but im defeated.nothing holds down.9 doctors visits.0 relief.any volunteers to just kill me ? Ill give you the gun and write a suicide note i cant do it anymoreAs you guys know I can't go to the doctor or ER and save this stuff because they will put me in thin cloth clothes that make me freezing cold. All of us here know that when you have CHS the cold makes all your symptoms a lot worse and a hot shower alleviates them. Being in those thin clothes with the AC blowing right on top of me was probably the worst thing that ever happened to me in my life on top of being in this pain I'm in desperate need of help I appreciate life and I love my kids and wife to the fullest but I feel like no one truly understands what I'm going through right now I feel like I should be on a surgeon's table right this second and we all know that'll never happen. All appointments are delayed because of covid-19 so all I can do is get myself hooked on benzodiazepines to try to sleep through it as much as I can and put myself in a mini coma. Sometimes I just can't help but think life isn't worth it one problem after the other after a decade of trying to get my life together and do good. I've gone through a lot of struggles through the years and got past them but I feel like every time I make some progress in my life whether it be Mental Health or just happiness with my family there's always another problem that comes up back surgery, now this stomach problem, on top of it all they are hesitant to give me any pain meds because of my history in the ER. If you guys see my post history you will see that I have a herniated disc at L5 S1, my pain management doctor wasn't helping me at all and wanted the only give me Tramadol after 2 months of going to see him which didn't help. I got hooked on opiates off the street to relieve my pain and therefore lost my mental health psychiatrist. As of last month my surgery was done and I am off everything I'm not taking any painkillers I'm not taking any Suboxone and I prove to myself that I can get through the toughest withdrawals of medications. If anyone here knows how hard it is to get off of Suboxone you know that is absolute hell and that is not an exaggeration, oh, well I kicked it. I declined my doctors offer four more Norco knowing that it would only lead me down a downward spiral, I've been toughing it out but what I'm dealing with now is just unbearable. I've seen so many doctors and feel like no one truly knows what's going on with me. I've been shot multiple times before in my life, I've broken my wrist, I've had my artery slashed across my wrist and had 14 Staples put in to hold my wrists together, I've shattered my femur in a car accident which now has a titanium rod going through my femur and multiple screws but nothing up into my point in this life has hurt and had me in so much Agony as now. If I end up giving up please if there's any way and you guys can tell my family and my boys at are the only thing that brought me happiness to this life. My girl is the love of my life and I can never repay her for doing everything that she's done for me and being so supportive tell my boys are the apple of my eye and I'm so sorry. The guilt is unbearable and I couldn't imagine what they would go through if I wasn't here but I wouldn't be thinking this way if I wasn't in desperate need of help, not going to admit myself into a psych ward and ruin my life even more by possibly losing my job and having a 5150 on my record, at the end of the day what will they do for my pain anyway if doctors can't even tell me what's wrong with me. My arms look like a heroin addict from so many times that I've been poked and prodded and this last week from drawing blood to IVs to get fluids inside me. All of the quest diagnosis blood test come out normal my KUB x-ray came out normal and everything I've done in the past has been normal according to my radiologist and doctors. I'm just done. I'm grateful for Reddit for being a place for me to rant and maybe someone out there will care I'm grateful for life and everything that I've seen in it especially grateful for my family but if I hadn't tried everything in my power up until this point I wouldn't be giving up on something as precious as life. Took 3mg of Xanax to try to sleep if I wake up in this pain I'm pretty sure I'm just going to end it all. I love you all and please spread awareness of this sorry for the rant or if this wasn't the right subreddit. Goodbye guys