Social anxiety has ruined my life and after my first semester in college I’ve finally accepted that I have no hope at a fulfilling life.I have no social skills, I can’t initiate conversations I can’t maintain or make friendships I struggle to find things to say when I’m alone with another person. Growing up I was always the smart and quiet one, and now I’m just the weird, isolated, soon to be burnout one. All my closest friends from high school, most of which I became friends with in grade school or were introduced to by my grade school friends all went to college together while I decided to go to a college that has a better computer science program. This past semester I have had a couple opportunities to make new friends and I did t take them because I didn’t know what to do. My whole life I have never been the one to initiate hanging out even if I wanted to. I either never let any of my personality out or I’m just fucking obnoxious and insufferable. I realize that my future is one of loneliness, never finding friends or a life partner. I crave social interaction. I want to hang out with people, make new friends, go to parties and just have the overall “college experience”, or at least have one with a couple friends in it. I have only enjoyed three days this semester and those were when i visited my friends at their college. It alleviated my (irrational) fear that they would replace me, but made me realize that they are living the life I can only dream of. Those 3 days I felt like a real person. I want to interact with people but I don’t know how, I don’t know how to make conversation or small talk or just talk to friends. Even if I got rid of the social anxiety magically I still don’t have the social skills or habits to make and maintain friends. This is why I realized I have no hope. I thought that I just need therapy or medication to get rid of the anxiety (haven’t tried but I know it’s pointless bc of the aforementioned lack of social skills), but it’s all just fucking hopeless. The depression has seriously affected my college grades. I graduated as a valedictorian, 36 ACT, many APs credits and classes. I just can’t do schoolwork right now, but I can’t stop because then the feeling that my life is so quickly passing by me will intensify even more, which will just worsen the situation. There’s no fucking point to living. The only reason I am alive is because elf the naive hope that I have always had that things will get better if I do xyz or by random chance (things have never gotten better), and because I can’t bear the pain I would cause to my loved ones. My future is a bleak one without anything to bring me happiness, only cos rant pain and fucking suffering as everyone around me gets to experience everything I crave but know I never will.