How should i do this?Idk how to start...
Hm, im 19 and i just want to die. I think i’ve been depressed all my life but it really hits me when i was like 17-18... last year i tried to take my own life but i didn’t work and i finished in psychiatric hospital for 6 weeks... i thought i was healed but i guess i’m not... i lost my grandfather the summer after my attempt, he took his own life by h*nging himself... it was hard to see his body at the hospital but life must continue, right? 
I started to « live again » but I started crying again, wanted to die by the end of the year and i dropped school...
Now im working, due to covid19 it was really hard.... i started to take medecine again in february because i was in a really bad mind and my psychiatrist didn’t want to me to go back to the hospital... 
in april, I started to feel really really bad: no energy, feeling empty inside, i didn’t feel my body moving, i wasn’t able to think, i didn’t remember my name, my identity, i didn’t who I was.... 
so i was put on a leave by my doctor... 
it was good, i can relax myself, sleep, see my gf....
But im doing crazy nightmares: i dream that i want kill people, im going crazy bcz i can’t talk to my psychiatrist cause she isn’t available, dreaming that I hang myself.... 
it’s so strange and so real at the same time... should I do it? I’m really tired of thinking abt everything: am I enough to my family and my girlfriend? Am i worth to be alive in this world? Will I have a future? WHO THE FUCK AM I? I’m not perfect and imperfect people shouldn’t be alive, right?
My mind is so fucked up 
I want to hurt myself, I want to disappear 
I hate myself to the point when I was looking at myself in the mirror I wanted to puke, cut parts of my body, cut my entire face, burn myself
I know i can’t do that, my mother is depressive and my grandmother might be too and my gf is depressive too 
There’s so much on my mind
I really want to disappear 
Am I even real? I don’t fucking know, i might be an invention, full of lies and my body is just an empty shell.....
Idk why I’m writing this.... the more I think abt killing myself and the more I’m attracted to this.. my heart and mind are thinking that it is a good thing to do... but idk....
Idk what to do guys....
Sorry if there are some spelling errors, im not english native...