Every day I come closer to losing the tiny glimmer of light behind my eyes.To put it in short...

2010: the year my dad clearly showed and even said "I was a mistake" and legged it, leaving my family to rot, fighting only for my sister.

2011: The year the first horrible stepdad came along to start my torture

2012: My first abusive ex who fucked me up to the point that I still can't open up to date

2013: A new stepdad enters to ruin my fucking life

2014: My mother moves in with him...

2015: I meet the love of my life, but she lives somewhere else

2016: She does what she said she would never... She ran off with another and left me in the state I'm currently in...

2017: I tried bleach, I tried cutting, I tried gas, I tried suicidal driving, I tried alcohol poisoning... Why am I still here?...

Every day I barely live anymore and every day I feel like I shouldn't be alive... Like I don't belong... Every day I'm here and every day I'm both impressed and disappointed I woke up that morning... I just... I've... Lost the only thing that mattered to me in my life... And slowly but surely... The rest of my world is collapsing as I sit inside all day, day drinking, with the blinds closed... 'Cause what's the world ever done for me that I should look out there with anything other than utter contempt? Count this as a drunken rant at the world as I've had at least another two bottles of 1.5 liter at 20%... It's the only thing that really opens me up these days anyway. And still there's a little bit, a tiny little shimmer of light behind my eyes... That still wants to live. And I don't know why and I just... Don't... Want to wake up tomorrow. Not again, not the same drag, not the same horrid feelings, not the same desperate struggle to achieve FUCK ALL... I want to go to sleep and to never wake up. I want to finally rest, I'm so sick of a life of fighting, literally and figuratively. I've put too many people in the ER in my violent outburst and painfully clawing outreach into horrible gang shit... I sit here 1500 kilometers from what I've done back then and still... I shouldn't talk about it and I don't want to, it should be left behind... 

On the bright side... I haven't cut myself in at least... 4 days.

I just can't understand how anyone can be happy in this shithole of a world sometimes, I honestly don't...