Extremely messed up right nowIt feels like my life has acceleratingly spiraled downward in the past couple of months. 

First of all I'm closeted trans and have been "dealing" with a significant uptick in dysphoria with what's basically early alcoholism. My best friend and roommate was concerned and has her own past issues with parents' alcohol use. 

I did something really stupid and accidentally inhaled a LOT of the fumes from isopropyl while cleaning. As a result I ended up drunker than I've ever been before and that resulted in me going on a tirade where I aired every frustration I had with her in a horrible blackout drunken fashion. She moved out that night and I don't even remember the event that led to that. We stopped talking for a while and I got more alcoholic. Thankfully things with her are about back to normal at this point but more shit came up to replace it.

During this time my performance at Uni has greatly suffered. I pretty much stopped going to one class entirely so I could be okay in the others.

The whole #MeToo thing made old wounds, about being molested at a high school party, open up. So for the first time I went ahead and talked openly about it on fb. But I know the dude will never face any consequences or remorse for anything so that's a downer.

Just now I found out that I got quietly kicked from the discord I've hung out in for months. No explanation or anything. Probably because of the isopropyl incident since my best friend was also a part of this discord.

For some stupid reason I've replaced taking my actual antidepressants with drinking.

I just feel absolutely horrible and it feels like it's just going to keep getting worse. That smaller things are going to pile on more and more and make way for big things that in turn make way for more smaller things until I'm crushed by the weight of it all.

Throughout all of this I've often found some sort of sick relief by dry firing a handgun at myself and I'm worried about that escalating into something more real

Idk it's sorta cathartic to just lay this all out there