I feel like the pressure is killing me, and I haven't even started yet.I’ll be frank from the outset: If I don’t pass my thesis defense I will kill myself. I’ve known this for months, but I think I’ve come to terms with it. And I’m so scared.

I haven’t slept in three days. I feel so helpless. 

Some brief background: If I pass my thesis defense, I’ll move to the other side of the continent to start a doctorate in August. The school I’m moving to is my top school, most of the program’s students graduate into the job I want to have. My cohort is full of tremendously intelligent, Ivy League types. I feel so outclassed and I haven’t even started yet. I was the first person in my family to graduate from college. I’ve clawed my way back from being a terrible, underprepared, and immature student in my first couple years of undergrad – for which I feel an enormous amount of shame – and (nearly) though a master’s in a new country. This is an opportunity that doesn’t come to people from where I grew up. I’m truly not trying to boast or talk myself up, I just want someone to read how hard it is for me to breathe with this much pressure.

If I fail my defense I’ll never start (or finish) a doctorate or publish any more papers. My doctoral offer, the fellowship, the reputation for which I’ve literally shed blood and tears all disappears. The thought of failing, of being exposed as a phony, of letting down my peers is worse than death. Because it’s more than my peers, my advisor, my colleagues; it’s my fucking career, it’s what I’ve devoted (zealously perhaps) myself to for (what feels like) my adult life. It isn’t that I have nothing if I fail, it’s that I have nothing to live for if I fail.

The sad thing is that I LOVE my work. It’s cliché (this whole situation feels so fucking cliché), but I wake up every morning with a genuine feeling of hope. Like I might accomplish something worthwhile. I hate myself for being so cynical.
I feel so trapped in my head. I want to smash my face into a pulp to stop the worrying so I can sleep again. To stop drinking so much. To stop alienating myself and be just vulnerable enough to live as a normal human being. I feel so pathetic and ungrateful and spoiled and melodramatic.

Killing myself will kill my mother. I know that. I can’t do that to her; she’s so proud of me. But I can’t live like this. I know this will only get worse – if I pass – as the stakes get higher. I feel so paper thin, like I’m living on a knife edge waiting to be squished into the blade. 

This is too much for me. Even if I do pass, I know I can't do this for much longer. Something has to give. If failure is inevitable why not prevent it altogether?

Thanks for reading what I wrote.