Seeing a psychologist Tuesday, how not to get hospitalized?Sort of like the title says. I want to get help--I really want to kill myself, but I don't want to hurt my friends and family, so I thought I'd try to get help first and see how it goes. I know it can take time and I'm willing to give it that. Anyways I really can't do it this month; my sister's birthday is the 30th and I've got things to do this week. (tl;dr at the bottom)

(too much) Background info:
I think I might have some kind of minor form of depression, and have for like the last three or four years. First time I seriously thought about suicide was three years ago... back then I didn't want to go through with it, it was more like a solution to a specific problem than anything else--I realized I was losing my religion and that I wasn't going to be able to stop it, but still fully believed in it and heaven/hell. Thought if I died then, I would still make it to heaven. Not catholic, suicide isn't an unforgivable sin. Seemed like a good solution at the time but I didn't actually want to die. Had no idea how to do it or what methods were most effective.

That may have been the start of my "depression" (I'm not a terribly big believer in self-diagnosis). At least, that was the worst of it--for a few months I cut off contact with all my online friends and just laid in bed for hours, feeling like shit every day. Didn't get much sleep. Still didn't want to die back then. I got to feeling a bit better--still had mild symptoms of depression, but I regained capability to have a social life and function as a human being after I finally accepted that I was an atheist. I haven't really lost it since then. I still feel sort of empty. Not sure if it's depression or because of the fundamentalist way I was raised, where we were taught that good abstract things (morality, meaning, etc.) could not be had without religion. 

First time I actually wanted to die--there's sort of a difference between thinking about killing yourself and preferring death over life, even if you were guaranteed that you would get better--was like a year and a half ago, and about a year ago I did a ton of research and settled on a method. Gun, easy, my father has one. I'd drive like an hour or two north and find some quiet spot in the woods and get drunk and do it. Started writing sort of an elaborate suicide note/dumb manifesto (I'm a sort-of nihilist now, in terms of my belief about the nature of the universe, but let myself care about things/people anyways bc why not?) but gave up after a while and thought I'm just going to do it. Wrote briefer notes to various people. Got to the note for my best friend and realized how much it would hurt him (he has anxiety). Ended up freaking out about it and couldn't go through with it. That was last summer. A week later I told him, which was stupid, because he has anxiety. But anyways, it helped me realize that the people I love wouldn't be better off without me. The unfortunate thing is that it doesn't make me want to die any less, but I've held out, and every time since that I've gotten serious about doing it in an immediate sense thinking about him stopped me.

Still in a lot of distress. Feel sort of empty most of the time, but varying from daily to weekly I have these moments where I sort of panic/feel paralyzed because of how much I'd really, really like to kill myself &amp; feeling trapped because I can't. Every time I have an even minor problem the thought pops into my head that if I'd just done myself in the first time three years ago, I wouldn't be having this problem. 

Anyways it's not like I feel like shit all the time. Also I'm not sure if I have actual depression--I mean I could; there's a family history--or if this is just sort of an extended existential crisis. But I have an internship I really enjoy and I'm going to prom with the girl I like this Saturday. I still want to die but I don't intend to do so in the near future. I've been thinking about seeing a psychologist for months but I haven't because I was too afraid of hospitalization. Also because I'm really terrified of making phone calls, for some stupid reason, but I got over myself last week and sort of out of the blue decided to call the therapist I've been looking at (I gave my parents a list in like November and she was the one they approved of). My first appointment is Tuesday and I really think I'm not ready. It's very important that I don't get hospitalized--one because I'm not sure what I'd tell my internship, and I really, really don't want to lose it, because the head of the lab I'm working in is collaborating with a lab at the university I want to attend, and I'm hoping it will lead to undergraduate research. Also I don't want to miss prom with the girl. Also because (and this is the biggest reason) absolutely NO ONE in my life knows I'm suicidal except my best friend, and I really, really want to keep it that way. I'm not sure how much I can tell my therapist in terms of my plan/means, etc. To be clear, not getting hospitalized is a higher priority for me than getting better. Also I'm definitely not willing to give up the damn gun. I'm giving this a chance but if things don't get better I don't want to lose my way out.

tl;dr: Seeing a psychologist soon. Have desire, plan, means, but not intent. Have important things this week, and no one knows I'm suicidal--I'm quite high-functioning--so not getting hospitalized is really important to me. How much can I safely tell the psychologist? Is it enough that I'm not intending to do it (at least this month) or should I leave out the means, plan, etc.? Not willing to give up the means but I can pretend I am I suppose.