Im so over thisI don’t know what to do. I am scared that if I say everything to my psychiatrist during the intake that something bad would happen. Considering that my meds aren’t really working, im scared they will send me to the hospital which I obviously don’t want. I wish that I knew how to make things better but I don’t and I feel helpless. I feel like nothing will work and I feel hopeless. I wish i knew how she would react to suicidal thoughts. Some people are really uptight about them and some are relaxed. I don’t know if i should share my plan but i haven’t really thought about it recently that much but I always know it’s there so I don’t really have to. I know all the information that I need to know so no I’m not looking anything up because i don’t need to. I can just think about my prior knowledge if I wanted to feed into my thoughts. I don’t know how to stop my thoughts as a lot of the time i feel completely consumed by them. Like the volume is at full blast and i can’t find the remote. Other times though on good days the volume is at a nice 5/10 instead of a 10/10 but it never really decreases from there.I scared that after i tell her about my past experiences in treatment she will be at a loss just like my current therapist. No one knows why I suddenly become better or worse and no one really know why I obsess over suicide. I obviously wish that I would obsess over something nice but it’s not something we choose. I also though don’t want to give the impression that I am completely fine as I honestly am doing terrible. Every night I contemplate suicide and SIB but I can’t let anyone know. I’ve been putting up the facade again that I am fine and I’m scared to ruin it even though I shouldn’t be. I shouldn’t be afraid to share my thoughts and feelings so I dont become judged or questioned by family members and friends. People think of me as selfish and self-centered but really I am just so lost. I feel though that because my childhood wasn’t bad that I don’t have a right to feel this way. 

Sometimes I wish I could make my brain stop running around in circles. Circles that I don’t even want to run and I’m so exhausted of. I wish I could function properly or explain what I feel like. It feels like a constant overwhelming presence of suicidal thoughts. That even if I focus on the best things in my life, I can’t get rid of. Sometimes distractions don’t even help and I don’t know what to do. I become so overwhelmed that the slightest inconvenience is too much. I don’t know how to handle this anymore and honestly my options are slim. Christina has been talking about going to the dec if it is too much but I don’t want to admit that I might need admitted again. I wish I could handle this on my own as I feel weak and worthless asking for more help. I feel like I put unknown but extreme amounts of pressure and worry on my mom. My family becomes mad at me because I don’t talk to them about anything but I just can’t. No one understands and people think I just do this for attention.Which I don’t even understand as I hate attention. I hate being compared to my grandma yet people do all the time. I hate being yelled at for thing I know I do wrong and am trying to fix. I wish people would trust in me more but how can they when I am who I am. Who would trust an isolated suicidal teen anyways. What am I doing with my life. I can’t envision living to graduation. I can’t envision living to Christmas, I cant even envision living to November. I am putting off stuff for college because I don’t see the point. In the past 1.5 years I never thought I would live to college so all these upcoming deadlines seem unnecessary because in my mind when they would become beneficial I will be dead. And that’s a terrible thing to think but I don’t know how to fix it. I’ve been to so many treatments so why do I still feel like this. I don’t want to screw up my senior year just like I did my junior. I don’t want to end up back in intense treatment even if that’s what I need. I don’t want to need it and everything feels out of my control and I like to at least think I am in control. Maybe life just isn’t for everyone.  I can’t say that to my psychiatrist or I will definitely go to the hospital. What even is my end goal. I realise how much my suicide would negatively affect everyone but for some reason it doesn’t affect me.  I just think that it would be fine because I wouldn’t be there. What kind of messed up person am I? I wish that I never was born. I wish I didn’t have obsessions over suicide. I wish people could read my mind so that they could understand what I can’t say.

sorry this is long and youre a real one if you've read this far