I feel so much guilt, i cant believe anything my friends say anymoreI've made so many huge mistakes around my friends. I put my faith and trust in someone who was emotionally abusive towards my online friends. I blame myself because i acted on it. She complained about her so called toxic girlfriend, i proceeded to go on a witch hunt to tell her off. 

We were with three in a groupchat at the time; me, the abusive friend i knew irl, and another online friend i very deeply care about. I hate being ignored, i also hate that i feel that way. So when the abusive friend started ignoring me on a daily basis, i turned to my online friend, who blatantly disappeared. I was fucking terrified he'd done something to himself, and that would've been my fault for starting the whole fight. This lasted months. I grew severely paranoid, picked more and more fights with the abusive friend until i cut things off with her. Way too late.

I made everyone miserable. The friend finally responded after months, but refuses to talk to me about what happened. I think i caused it, and he won't tell me or he lies about it. I know this because he does talk about struggling with fights among his other friends, and he told me he's looking for help. I feel so fucking guilty, i've started believing he's looking for therapy because of me. He tells me it's fine, but i don't believe him, i can't believe him.

I've done this before, hurt people until they want to die. I feel like i have to punish myself for what i've done. Like i'm not supposed to be alive. I don't want to die, but i feel forced to kill myself so i stop hurting others. I can't look for help myself, i can't afford it. So it feels like the only solution. I can't forgive myself, the thought alone makes me feel extremely selfish and toxic. I just hurt myself when i feel negative, until i stop feeling that way. It never feels good enough, i always have to do more.

I'm in an endless loop of fucking misery and i can't get out of it. All i can do is write about it and hope death takes me instead of having to do it myself one day