Don't know what to doEvery day there's nothing I can do but stay still. I have to sit or lay down somewhere. I'm never comfortable. I always have neck pain or back pain or a headache or tooth aches. It's always something. I can't focus my mind and I get anxious and pent up when I'm still. When I leave my house I get anxious and feel like I disgusting stain on this beautiful Earth. I reach out to people and only seem to be assured that things are fine for everybody else and that I'm lesser than them. That I'm not worth the time or effort and I get vague promises that things will get better. I've been decaying for a long time. My thoughts are erratic and my mind is in a constant fatigued fog. Paranoia and existential dread have become constant companions. I feel like I'm ready to drop everything and just run however I can. Maybe buy a new car and just drive across the country. While that's a nice romantic thought, I know the reality would be worse than what I have now. I would feel pent up in my car. I would become uncomfortable. It would suddenly dawn on me how far I am from home and I would have an anxiety attack. I would worry about the people I left behind and that I might regret it if something happened. They would worry about me too. It's like there is no escape at all. I don't want to live in this fucking body anymore. It's constantly in pain and it's hideous. I just want to hide away but every day I melt a little bit more. I'm in such a damn hopeless mood right now. None of my past friends or lovers or their promises matter anymore. They're all gone. Every single one. I didn't have the privilege of going out in a blaze of glory and now it seems like I will rather slowly lose myself over time like so many have until there's nothing left. Just stewing in my own agony until I have a heart attack or get cancer. Happiness just a pipe dream of the past. I don't know what I did or am doing wrong. I don't know why I don't deserve happiness or friendship. All I know right now is this horrible pain and I have no way to escape. 