It just seems like the best solution, honestlyMy mother is not a bad person. Not at all. She is supportive, always happy with what I do, always happy with my goals, and supports me financially. However at the same time, she's incredibly pushy and stubborn. She doesn't see anyone's point of view and would rather shout and fight than admit wrong. Which is why, when I tried to tell her I was depressed, it made sense why it didn't get any attention and that she opted to ignore rather than address it. It makes sense that, when I got to a point of near suicide, when my counselor called and asked about personal information, she yelled at screamed horrible, terrible things until the sun went down. It made sense why she wouldn't talk to me for a week after I tried to come out. I turned back on all of these, told her that I wasn't gay and that I wasn't depressed, and in a way that filled me with doubt. Doubts as to if I have this thing, if I'm gay, if I'm just being dramatic.

The people around me are by no means bad people, they just don't really want to address me due to my flaws. My awful looks and my maladaptive, narcissistic behavior. My poor ability to listen and my annoying tendencies. Through this I believe I developed some form of social anxiety, and I'm now hyper aware of both my loneliness and my inability to open up to others.

I spend most of my time doing little to nothing. I don't recall what I did, I don't understand what's happening, it all feels like a blur. My life has turned into a never ending pointless, awful static that never ceases, never stops in its meaninglessness. It taunts me, makes every experience feel like the same. Movies or games feel just as entertaining as homework or mindless chores. It's all just stimuli, I'm unable to enjoy anything. I can't understand anything that's happening and my time no longer means anything. I wake up and do work then stare at a black screen trying to make the bad feelings go away so I can feel ok. 

I don't believe in an afterlife, any form of religion or god, and don't make me try because I have. I've tried and failed to make myself believe in something like that, it doesn't work. I think that when I die I won't exist. I won't feel anything and I won't be anything. I won't wake up the next day, I'll just sleep and sleep a dreamless dream. And that's ok. That's better than now.

I know that people say it gets better. I have hopes that one day I'll live with my boyfriend and I can write and everything will be peachy. But it isn't. It never is. There's always that underlying unrest, that constant dread of nothing lasting and nothing mattering. My illness won't go away. My family won't go away. My dread on death won't go away. My shitty personality won't go away. Nothing will go away, nothing will leave, everything will still hurt. The only thing I can hope is that it will hurt less. 

My death, as I see it now, has far more positives than negatives. I wouldn't be living this life anymore, I wouldn't be hurting throughout the day, I wouldn't be thinking about eternity, I wouldn't be dragging my boyfriend with me. I know it would hurt others, I see that. I see that it cause something poor for them, but honestly just. It's temporary. It's all temporary. In 2 years my name would be forgotten, they would all forget, and I would be nothing more than dust in the wind. And even if they did remember, even if I became some sort of symbol or story on the nightly news, at best it would last 10 years. Then, they would move on. It's healthy to do that. And even then, even if they never forgot, if the world never forgot, it doesn't matter, we're all going to be gone soon enough, lost to time. But most of all, the biggest reason why; I'd have relief. I'd be free from this fucking stream of temporary pleasure and permanent sadness. 