i don't know where else to put this or if anybody will even see thisI've always been sad. I was first put on medication for depression when I was 10. I never felt happy at my highest I felt nothing. I didn't let myself get happy because I was scared it would make depression feel even worse in comparison. I distanced myself from everybody. I would make friends but wouldn't let myself be vulnerable around them and would never really hang out with them outside of work. After high school I got a job and met a boy. Once I started talking to him that's all that mattered. I spent every single day with him. I was actually happy. I woke up and was actually excited to be alive and start my day. I never had that feeling even as a child. I feel happy with him. He went to college and ever since then I feel like all the progress I made is gone. This regression feels horrible. I can't find happiness in the few things I imagine how much more I would enjoy it with him. I know that college is temporary and he visits almost every weekend and I love that and that if we really commit to each other after these 4 years everything will be fine but it really scares me that the only time I ever found happiness it wasn't in myself. If he wakes up and decides he doesn't want me anymore or god forbid something terrible happens to him what am I supposed to do? How do you be okay with depression? I've been to counseling. I've taken medication. Nothing helps. The only thing that ever helped me was him and he's never here anymore. I feel so pathetic for crying about how my boyfriend moved away but it feels like so much more he was my coping mechanism. A couple weeks ago one of my good friends brother committed suicide. It really triggered all of my suicidal thoughts and tendencies. Cut myself for the first time in years. It feels like a real option. Lately all I can think about is how I want everything to just disappear. I know if I died people would miss me but I honestly think they would be better without me. I don't know how to take care of myself so I'm a big inconvenience to everybody. I don't really want to take care of myself either. I don't have any dreams for myself outside of being with this boy. I don't know if I'll ever actually be able to go through with it but I really wish I could. One of my biggest fears is that I'll always want to kill myself but never be able to pull it off. I'm sorry for posting I feel so whiny I just want to feel better.