loneliness is such a drag..hello, I am struggling a lot right now, especially lately.  My life has fallen apart and Ive just been surviving from hour to hour for almost 2 years it feels like, and no matter how many different methods or times I try to get help, nothing ever fucking helps.  It all started when I broke my back april 2014, I already had a bad back since I was 15 or 16 which caused me to miss sleep, chronic nerve pain and other issues, for which all they ever did was give me giant tylenols, send me for 2 massages and that was it.  It never helped one bit.  Fast forward years later my back has quit bugging me for awhile, I am going to the gym about 5-6 days a week and I am sober at this time, I feel pretty good but still depressed sometimes which is why I spend all my time working out.  On my birthday two years ago I broke my back even worse and since then my life has been a disaster.   I spent the entire week after just eating pill after pill of hydromorphone but it never even got rid of the pain and bc of how much it hurt, I slouched and slouched and i Just sat in this awful position and healed like that for a week, and my body has never ever ever been the same.  I can no longer digest food, my back has hurt every single fucking day ever since.  On top of all this ive already suffered anxiety/depresssion ever since I was a child bc I was molested multiple times.  Oh yeah, did I mention I broke my back on my birthday, ABOUT 10 DAYS B4 I MOVED INTO MY HOUSE.  I had bought a house with my dad and worked on it for months and months and when the time finally comes to move in, I break my back.  Now I can't ever work bc my back hurts all the goddamn time and if i try to even work I just ended up puking or crying so I get fired by text from some job after my grandpa passes away and I ask for a week off, and just cant motivate my self to try to work anymore.  The worst part is, is nothing has gotten better almost after all this time.  I lost my fucking house, I am only 22 years old.  My body hurts everyday, I always think it would be so much easier to just kill myself than try to fix this fucked up mess.  I don't have friends anymore I have moved away 3500km away from all my family and friends I knew, simply because I couldnt pay for anything anymore I lost my house, I tried going to the doctor for help with mental illness and my back, and nothing is covered by insurances except for pills pills pills.  I tried SSRIS for a month and had horrrrrrible results, wanted to kill myself, almost constantly, I couldn't sleep beyond an hour a night and when I did sleep, I would wake up covered in sweat everytime and have to go shower.  I got rejected from financial assistance bc of this house that is technically mine on paper that I no longer have, it is just being rented by my dad to cover the mortgage costs right now.  Every day I wake up and want to die, and force myself to try to be as positive as I can, and try to clean up my apartment everyday and feed myself but lately I feel like even that is way too much of a task for myself.  I tried to go to my doc for my back and he was reluctant to believe that I was suffering, then he finally took x-rays and saw that I had "narrowing in the lower spine" multiple herniated discs and also "loss of the natural curve".  What does he do to try to help?? he gives me naproxen and cyclobenzaprine.  The naproxen pills really just fucked my body/stomach up even worse and apparently might have given me ulcers.  Now fast forward again from this time and I am moved across the country away from everything after I lost my house, and I have now lost about 30lbs, I can't digest anything anymore it seems like, I also show signs of internal bleeding and am awaiting more tests for that.  I am still not working, still in extreme debt and the only thing, the only small relief I ever get, is smoking weed.  And even though it is technically "legalized" for medical use, no fucking doctor anywhere will even consider it.  Even with a broken back, inability to digest food, and depression, these useless cunts can't do anything to relieve suffering.  "Marijuana is just a depressant, it will just make you more depressed".  You don't understand the fucking anger in me,  because of a bunch of people's ignorance I can't even get access to the only medicine that helps me and instead I get to deal with drug dealers and losing the last few cents I had in my life.  God knows I would go out and get a job and work if I could and god knows I tried too, but I dont have a fucking clue how to fix anything in my life and everytime I try to I just end up in more pain.  I really wish god would take me, I'm so done with this place.  I don't understand what in the actual fuck my purpose for existing here is right now, WHAT COULD BE SO WORTH IT THAT I NEED TO SUFFER THIS MUCH FUCKING PAIN ALL THE TIME?? I cant even fucking sleep anymore I slept 2 hours tonight then woke up at 2am bc of my fucking spine and have been awake since.  I hate my life.  I hate our fucking society, I hate everything.  My grandmother who I lived with part-time passed away when I was 12, and every single day I think about her and try to use it as strength to go on but lately all I can think of is how I want to join her.