I'm so depressed and anxious, and I don't know how to get this under control.I'm 23 F. I don't know what to do. I honestly have accepted that I'm probably experiencing some sort of dysthymia (high functioning depression), because I rarely get very happy these days. I'm in therapy, but slowly the therapy isn't helping that much either. I used to be such a happy person, but I'm so stressed right now, that I can't even function normally. I'm constantly overthinking and ruminating, and I just want peace from my thoughts sometimes. I think I have a combination of anxiety and depression. I told my PCP, and she lowered the dose of my birth control, in case that's the problem, but she basically just encouraged me to keep going to therapy. I also do daily yoga, exercise, and meditation, with the hopes that I can just feel better. I don't even know how to communicate that I'm depressed to anyone. Definitely not my parents or my boyfriend. My boyfriend is such a happy, mentally healthy person - I would feel horrible to bring him into this with me. I'm really good at putting on a face. In the past couple of months, I've started having way too many suicidal thoughts. I used to be afraid of death, but now I see it as a way to quiet everything happening in my mind and not deal with the impending future. I haven't actually planned anything, so I don't think I'm in immediate danger, but yes, I do fantasize about it sometimes. The only thing that keeps me from it is hurting the people who love me.

I feel like if I tell my doctor/therapist I have this problem that they won't take me seriously. Idk what to do. On a very good day, I feel numb to emotion. On a bad day, I feel like everything is horrible and my life is doomed. I'm not this person and I don't know how this happened. I was in an abusive relationship from the time I was 19 to 21, so maybe that screwed me up. Anyone have experience with anti-depressants/prescribed medication for these problems? I'm really considering it, because I can't deal with feeling this way all the time. :(