I need to talk to someone, I'm going insane.So, I was managing through my fears and anxieties kinda decently, but now it all started to kick me really hard all of a sudden and I need to open up or else I don't know what I might do.
Finally made an account just so someone could hear me without patronizing or trying to proselytize me, so I'd like to tell my syory first. This might be a little long, we'll see.

So, I'll start from this pre-birth memory, my first memory. There I was, united with some kind of "opaque tansparancy"(yeah, weird like that), no sensations, no feeling, no thought, no sense, just "being". Then it started to move and shape into some kind of "smoke pool" with some hues of red and green and grey and then it just went to black.

Suddenly, I just woke up. It was like I looked around the darkness and my first thought was "This is so cool!", then, basically I went through The Big Bang Theory opening credits, with a little break in my mother's womb, and out of nowhere I was this brazilian 2 year old boy asking his granny to tell him another bedtime story.

I lived in my grandparents house, bcause my mom had me when she was still in college (it's kind of acceptable here in Brazil to live in your parents house on your 20's) and my dad had cheated on her and they broke up. My family was pretty good though. They were really nice to me, they spoiled me quite a bit.
They gave educational pop up books, tons of toys, my mom even gave my first game, an SNES, for crowning a Jesus statue at a school event (catholicism is VERY strong here).
I never actually believed in God though. When they told me there was this father figure like in the sky and I  looked up and saw nothing I just snickered and thought "What a bunch of fools". I was 4 years old. Still went to church and cathechism school and all that crap because I knew I was a child and had no say in it, but it never went fully through my head.

Now I think my first issue really started when I was 5. I approached two boys playing with some toy bugs and asked if I could play too. They said no. I asked two more times and they said no. Then I decided to go play alone. And it was like that ever since.

Never was very good at socializing. The kids just weren't my type of people. I had some friendhips but they never lasted long. I preferred to just play with my action figures and video games and watch cartoons all day.

Now my other issue was my stepdad. Mom met him during college, got pregnant again and they married when I was 7. For some weird reason I didn't like him very much since I first got my eyes on him. We moved to an apartment, no big deal. Then we moved to a big house with a pool, pretty good. My sis got born, we got a new pc I made some new "friends", one of which later fucked me in the ass. I was eight, he was twelve and I had no idea of what we were doing, but, to be honeset it kinda felt good. Until I started getting sex education classes and was like "Son of a bitch!", but let it go anyway because there was no big trauma after all.

Now, I guess my issues with my stepdad really started when we moved in to another apartment (again). He had some bad temper and our upbringings were quite different, so we just didn't agree with each other, we were of complete different natures. He didn't spanked me or anything, but screamed a lot of hurtful things to me, which were comcepts totally alien to me, all that "macho" stuff, y'know, because most on my family that raised me were women and his father was a "lion" as he used to say. Basically, my stepdad ended up being everything I learned to despise: a big, loud, arrogant and ignorant self imposed tantrum throwing bully.
Guess I was right about not liking him from the beggining. His negativity eventually caught up to me and I started to get anger issues. That's all I got from him, anger. My mom tried to explain to me where he was coming from, but that was no excuse for me. On my POV, children should be raise with unconditional love and support, not with that... stuff. 

We kept moving on from home to home as the years went by. I always made sure to visit my grandparents house though. They had the best stuff. A stable enviroment, cable tv and I could do wathever the hell I wanted all day long. Slept there as much as I could.

Then things started to get complicated. My mother started to become jealous of my stepdad and they would just start fights out of the blue. I had to keep hiding. The only place I felt safe was my grandparents home, because it was actually my home for the whole formation of my personality. But I couldn't just run away. Things started to get ugly when I was about twelve and I started to become really messed up. I had all that repressed anger and revolt that I started to take out on my sister, beated her, said really bad hurtful things to her (huh), which gave her serious psychological issues to this very day and I still regret it (still was a bit of a jerk to her before, but not on that level), but I couldn't help it, I was just a child under all of that negative baggage.
Family trips used to be hell. All fighting and arguing, all the way through. With time I even started hating my mom too, because I was just having the impression that she and my stepdad were actually very much alike.

When I was 13 I ended up becoming an evangelical because I thought that would help me cope with what I was going with. The "miracle" that happened to me really got my young, impressionable mind and I became quite the fanatic, even tried to exorcise the internet once, for crying out lout! Eventually my step dad and my mom converted too. I thought that was going to solve everything, that they wold become better people, but boooooooy, was I wrong. They actually became worse. Think about the most disgusting and pathetic piece of shit a religious zealot could be. You know, THOSE types, the really bad ones. If you've suffered being raised by those types you know what I'm talking about, I don't want to extend much into it.

I was already questioning the morals of that faith and seeing what my parents had become made me come to the conclusion that religion doesn't turn you a better person at all, quite the contrary, but that wasn't what actually made me turn away from religion.
What made me turn away from it was that, one day, I was looking I was looking at the landscape from our home's terrace and felt... disconected from it. I didn't feel alive anymore. Like something really important had been taken away from my soul, my... mojo, so to say, I don't know because I forgot what it was! Like I was some sort of ghost and that sensation never got away. It was I lot like what I felt when I converted, only this time I kind of realized what it was and concluded that there was something really messed up about that religion to make me like that. My parents worsening just reinforced that.

One day just couldn't handle all of that anymore and finally fought my stepdad. It was on a car trip, with the usual drill, but this time I just couldn't hold it anymore and everything went red. Guess I spitted on his face, he gave two punches at my face, but he was bad positioned, on the drivers seat, so it didn't do any damage to my face, but I could dodge and kick his face until he bled. Had my mom not intervened I gues I might have died that day because I actually can't take a havy beating. As far as I know, never got one.
I was 18, about to finish highscool.

I used that as an excuse to move on to my grandparents house again, to finally get some piece and quiet. When they asked me why I did what I did I just said that it would happen eventually anyway, they all knew how my stepdad was, so we decided to just leave it at that.

I tried three different colleges after that, but I couldn't bring myself to finish any of them because I either didn't like them or because I just saw no point since I didn't feel alive anymore or both. Add that my years as a religious fanatic just stalled my social inaptitude even more, I decided to just quit trying to get better and be someone in life.
My grandpa got me a job at his store as a cachier and I stayed like that for five years, from home to work from home, spending all my money in video games and wasting my life awayting for death to take me to that pre-birth state where everything was chill.

But in those years that spent playing games games and messing around in the internet all day, I kind of find out that, despite having no talents whatsoever my english was actually pretty decent. I didn't like my country's culture so I spent most time consuming american culture, specially from California, which I felt most comfrotable with. So I decided that I could become a translator and make some money to move to San Francisco some day, although I had no earthly idea on how I would do that but it was something, so I decided to just roll with that and went out for it completely in the dark.
I tried to get into college again but couldn't do it so I'm studying now in another town so I can get a better grade to enter it and maybe get into an exchange program or whatever but... I just don't have the energy. All of that stuff that happened during my life is really starting to get to me right now. I've started to get more sick than usual and even started to seriously consider suicide. 

I just keep thinking that I will fail again and that I will never be able to have my life back, the life I had before my stepdad came into it, that I will never be able to run away from this pathetic state of existence and that the only definitive way this will all end is if I kill myself. Things are getting worse in my family and I don't think my grandparents will be able to sustain for much longer they're getting too old. There is no way I'll allow myself to live again with my parents, I would choose death over it without a guess.

I still feel the disconection too. I feel totally out of place. Can't trust anyone around me, people around me are either die hard christians with the same empty spiteful speech or just plain ignorant aholes. I'm about to be 25 and still live like a 13 year old shut in. Any pinch of social interaction I keep up with is just to deceive my family and make them sutain me until I can get out of here. I feel like I HAVE to deceive them because I already know what their answer will be like, GODGODGODGODGOD, and GOD is exactly what put me in this situation to begin with! They just can't understand. No, really they actualy don't have the capacity for it, I've been observing them for a long time and they've proved it time and time again. This is why I wanted to run away to California, progressive values and all that, so I can finally feel safe and rest my mind a bit so I can start setting my life straight, but I just don't have the energy to WORK through it. Even my therapist said I've become too accommodated. Maybe, but I don't know. I guess I just don't have "faith" anymore. Heh. To think I started so fascinated with life and might end so disenchanted with it, ending my own. I don't actually want to but...

Anyway, if you went through all of this text, thanks for giving up some of your time to listen to my ramblings. It's good to have someone to open yourself with without fearing for my mental and emotional well being. Sorry if my text was somewhat off. I'm not
on my best state of mind at the moment.








