Aftermath. Help?I don't know if this is the right place, but here goes:

About 4 or 5 months ago I finally decided that it was time for me to go. There had been a lot of stuff leading up to this including a girl from my work befriending me, then trying to help me out. I am usually a very closed off person, especially at work. I found out later that she pursued me sue to sexual attraction. I invited it because I didn't have a lot of friends (its kind of weird to say that because it wasn't that long ago, but now I have a bunch of friends). There was always a point of contention between us in that she is crazy devoted to Christianity and I am decidedly not religious. In fact, I have a problem with religion, but that is a different story. Well, we hooked up a few times and I told her flat out that it wasn't okay for us to be friends with benefits and that she would have to let me take her out for a proper date. She avoided the date stuff, even when I pushed the subject. During all of this I would have bouts of very serious depression in which I considered suicide and I ended up telling her about being suicidal and called her to talk on some of those nights. Her only consolation was to tell me that things would get better and that she would pray for me. On one of these nights, she came to pick me up and take her to her house to talk. We started talking in the driveway and when she went through the same routine I decided that I had had enough and that I was going to off myself that night. I told her to that I was leaving, she got concerned and bugged me while I walked away, so I told her to f off. She had a friend follow me as a walked home, but I lost the tail. I ended up going to the police department to get them to take my to the hospital for in-patient care. Thats when I found out that they had been looking for me because she had called them. I was beyond pissed. When she texted me to try to talk the next week I told her to fuck off (seriously, you can't expect to try to get me 51-50'd and then everything will be all fine) I haven't seen of talked to her since. Due to the nature of my job I have not been working on location since then. I am about to start working in close proximity to her again. I have in no way forgiven her and I know that she will try to open up things. Can I get some advice on how to handle this situation? (if it helps I am now feeling quite happy and satisfied with my life and I kind of feel that being around her was contributing to me staying in my depression)

**TL;DR**: I am angry at a girl that tried to keep me from committing suicide and I will soon have to start working in close proximity to her again. I am asking for advice on how to handle this situation, but please do not base your advice solely off of this TL;DR.