I might kill myself soon.I do think I might kill myself one day because I hate my life. I never liked my mother because she is disrespectful and rude, threatened to kill me and much more. She only likes my brother and only has a problem with me when he does the same shit I could be doing .  She’s silent when it’s him, and I don’t see why she likes him more because he really is lazy and careless . I don’t care that she likes him more it just pisses me off that she ignores what he’s doing when I argue with him and only comes after me .If she died I really wouldn’t go to her funeral I don’t care about her anymore . She thinks she has the right to take my life just because she gave birth to me . I don’t remember asking her to do that. She says she could’ve aborted me and I wish she did considering how she treated me all my life .I had to deal with this all my life and I get called disrespectful because I defend myself.i always think it’s strange when I see people have a good relationship with their mother, I don’t wish my mother was a normal mother , I wish I had a different mother in general. I just got jumped by my mother and brother. She made my confidence go down ever since I was little. Now I have anxiety. Even as a kid (I’m 20 now) she was Always disrespecting me and pointing out everything that was wrong with me and that’s why I always never wanna be in the same room as her . Ever since I was 9 years old whenever she comes in the room I leave. And she wonders why. I just don’t like her. I don’t feel comfortable being in the same room as her , I don’t tell her that I love her , she doesn’t tell me that she loves me and I never heard her say it before. Not only do I hate her I also hate my father. He is never in my life and lied my whole life knowing him. He doesn’t know shit about me so I don’t really care for him. He made my life hell by letting my mother be a mother so I hate him a lot for that. I see him every 5 years ( estimation) and he only lives a few hours away. I don’t even love him . You can’t love someone you don’t know  . I don’t have much to say about him. I don’t have anyone close in my life. All my friends from school lost contact with me so I only have internet friends. I don’t have a favorite cousin and I don’t have a favorite aunt. One of my aunts  loves to talk shit about me to her kids and ask me for money when I really never have any. I really had to fight everyone I know. I used to cry when I was younger in the middle of the night thinking about how everyone i know is gonna die one day but now I just don’t care . I don’t know where to go I just know I need to get out of here. I only love my grandma and I’m only mean to her out of frustration with dealing with her and being the only one to deal with her all the time. I hate my life and everyone in it. She told my grandma to have me but I really don’t care because I see my grandmother as my mother. I’m gonna run away or kill myself probably because I can’t take living here .  I had to fight all my life and I’m done. I think I’m just gonna end it all here and kill myself. Every cousin I have had to be fought. I had to fight my mother and I had to fight my aunt , I had to fight my cousin I even had to fight my father (but he didn’t fight back ) Idk why I’m on here I just needed somewhere to empty my feelings because I have no one to talk to.