Wasted my whole life just hoping things will change, now I'm back to square one. I don't know what to do. I know this is long but please read.I didn't see anything in the rules about age restriction, I'm sorry if my age makes any of you uncomfortable. I'm not going to state my name as I don't want people going into my personal life or trying to contact me through social media, etc... I'm a female, 15, and I just need relevant advice as to what I'm supposed to do or if it's even worth fighting for my life anymore. Before I was born my mother met who I'll call my biological father (BF, I know that looks weird). From what my mom states, he was manipulative and mentally/verbally abusive. Wouldn't let her have friends, barely let her get a job, got her really bad into meth, refused to use protection, wouldn't let her get birth control... I think you get it. My mother doesn't even know why she stayed with him but before I was conceived, she had two sons with another man which she was not allowed to see and go out of town to visit with. I can only assume that after she had my brothers and lost custody of them (not her fault) she didn't want anymore children but she became pregnant with none other than me. BF took her to get tests or whatever to make sure it was his kid, to make sure she was actually pregnant, to see if I would even have a chance to be born and live.. long story short he tried to convince her to get an abortion. Now they were both strewn out on drugs and not nearly financially stable enough to support a baby and quite frankly I wish I wasn't born but the night she found out she was pregnant with me she went to her mom's house and just drank, alot, and thought about what she should do. Low and behold she decided to keep me and leave BF. She met who I'll call step dad 1 (SD1) and decided that he'll be the one to raise me with her. He had a horrible bi-polar disorder, he was suicidal, strewn out on all sorts of drugs and was physically violent and abusive. I remember distinctively one time he tried to kill me. He chased me down the hallway with a huge kitchen knife until I fell down onto the floor of my bedroom and held it an inch away from my face when I was around 4 or 5, he told me if I acted up again he would put it through my face. When I mentioned it several years later he said "and that was a promise". My mother stayed with SD1 and put my life in danger for 7 years. She would always go back to him after a fight and apologize. We left him and moved in with one of her best friends, that's probably the best my life ever was and ever will be, when I was in that apartment. Shortly before Christmas she met who I'll call step dad 2 (SD2). He was so nice and friendly at first and was all about family and friends but things quickly switched around that made me see who he really was. There's a list of things I could type here to help you understand who he was such as tearing the head off of my childhood stuffed animal I had had since I was 3 because I stole some quarters for the book fair, would throw me across the room because I was "in the way", told me to stop being a pussy and grow a pair when I tried to tell him I was being bullied and beat up at school, cheated on my mom with his ex wife, saying things like "no one makes me cum like you do" when talking with her and the women he would meet on Craigslist, and would constantly belittle me, my friends, my mom and insult our intelligence. When I told him my friend tried to take her life my slitting her wrists and swallowing a bunch of pills he said "she did it for attention, she had no reason to, she had a good life", he would also tell me things like I don't deserve happiness and that I'm not allowed to cry and feel sad or be angry. The beginning of those 6 years he was forced into my life, the 6 years I begged my mom to leave him, the 6 years I endured the mental abuse and brainwash, was the first time I wanted to kill myself. Suicide wasn't introduced to me from social media, from the news or books, I just wanted everything to end I felt so unwanted and it felt like everyone was against me. We eventually left because SD2 found messages on my mom's phone about her wanting to move out and leave him and he basically kicked us out. We went to move in with my Grannie, my mom's mom and I thought everything would be finally okay everything would be so much better and it was for a couple weeks but then the new school I went to started being an issue. It was a very very small school and I was a new kid so there were automatically rumors about me. Not too long in people started calling me STDs and spitting on me at football games and getting me into trouble for things I didn't do. Things at home weren't so great, Grannie kept verbally abusing me telling me she didn't want me there, flipping me off, telling me everything was my fault and that she wanted to be worse than SD2. Everything just kept getting worse and worse and I eventually tried to take my life in the school bathroom by overdosing on hydrocodone and whatever I grabbed from my mom's prescriptions. I went to the hospital and I'm not exactly sure what happened but I was brought back. During the summer my mom found a new house for us to move into because she couldn't deal with Grannie either. I went to a new school that was bad but was so much better and my home was so much better but my landlord got a botched surgery and he had to be put in a nursing home so he was selling the ranch we lived on and kicked us out, my mom didn't try for a new home so she told me we'd have to move back with Grannie and I'd have to go back to the school I tried to commit suicide in. I told her hell no and I convinced her to let me move in with my uncle and cousin. I was there for a month, home life was even better and the school was absolutely amazing I was doing soooososososo great but then my cousin kicked me out because I got frozen yogurt without telling him and he freaked out. So now I'm back here, with my Grannie and my mom and my first night here me and my mom fought and she admitted that I was an inconvenience and a burden to her. I'm being told that I don't live close enough to the school I went to when me and my mom moved out of here, and I'll have to go to the one I overdosed in. All I've been doing is fighting for my life and telling myself everything happens for a reason. I keep hoping things will work out but they obviously never do and now I'm back here. If those people at that hell hole don't get to me first I swear I'm offing myself. I'm going to be beaten, humiliated and maybe even shanked by those students. I'm back here and I don't know why my mom let this timeline of events happen and I don't know what I did to deserve this. I just want to die I'm tired of worrying. I told myself if I found out I had to go to that school I'd gash my wrists and my throat open, but I don't want to have to do that, I need help I need answers I need something. Please help.