If you could go back and tell your younger self something, what would it be?Tl;dr: Life sucks but could be worth it. And if you can’t handle any of the following just kill yourself, the earlier the better. Preferably middle school would be a good time.

(wasn’t expecting to ramble like this)


For me it would be no one will ever respect you bc you’re quiet and small. They will try to walk over you. Your dad is a narcissist. People will be jealous of you bc of things that are out of your control and will sabotage and lie to you. Stay away from the internet (ex:porn). Focus on school, not being cool. The cool kids are only cool not, won’t be later. Don’t be afraid to try even if people laugh. Don’t post personal things on social media. Rumors spread about you will be out of your control and people will believe any bad story about you especially if they don’t like you. People will really not like you bc of lies from others. Insults aren’t personal it’s okay to laugh you don’t have to be perfect no matter what ppl tell you. Don’t do relationships or drugs. Take care of your body. You’re ahead of your peers now but they will catch-up and maybe even surpass and that’s okay. You lack empathy because of your dad and you think something is wrong with you for not feeling the same way others feel about things. You’ve never felt love, it’s okay to show emotion. Even if something doesn’t affect you directly doesn’t make it unimportant. To help try to place yourself in another person’s shoes. Don’t bully or laugh at people. You’re gay that’s why you’ve been acting out, it’s okay. Those girls who can’t seem to like you no matter what just have a crush on you and don’t know it yet. Don’t let anyone tell you that you can’t do something. Don’t let them steal your dreams. You won’t have the same reputation everywhere, people don’t know you. Learn to stand up for yourself, don’t be afraid of confrontation. Not EVERYONE is out to get you but don’t trust shit. Some people were raised differently and don’t understand certain behaviors or concepts and they cannot be changed by you. Life isn’t fair and equality does not exist. Just be the best version of yourself don’t compare yourself to others.