This was all a bad ideaI shouldn't have gone to college. Or at least not the one I chose. I'm about to start my last year and I fucking hate it. The thought of going back makes me so enraged and anxious that words can't express it. I hate the city it's in, I hate everyone I've met, I hate it all. It's all been shit but I did it so I would get a degree because that's what my mom's always wanted and my fuck up sister dropped out after partying for a year at a ~50k a year university. So I picked the most prestigious public school in my state and footed the bill myself so my mom wouldn't see her efforts go entirely to waste. And I got on the deans list every quarter, even after I realized, my second quarter in, that it was the absolute worst uni I personally could've chosen to go to. 

I don't want to go back. I want to drop out and cut contact with everyone-friends, family. I want to fucking die already. 

God, and I used to be so fucking pretty and thin and I used to be able to go days without eating and now I've gained weight and everyone who used to call me too skinny makes rude remarks. Like, fuck you, what do I have to do to just be left alone?! 

I fucking hate everything right now. I'm just full of anger and I have no one to talk to because everyone would rather me continue on this way for their own comfort, even when it makes me miserable. 

I mean, I paid hundreds of dollars to come home this week even though I didn't want to because my mom called and guilt tripped me with some dumb voicemail. She hasn't called since I was a freshman but all of a sudden she wants to see me?! And I don't feel comfortable here. 

And then after I stay here for a week I'm spending a week with my sister, and she's ~soooo excited, but I know it's gonna turn into the (sister's name) show real fucking quick and I'm sick of sitting around listening to everyone else talk about themselves and not being able to get a word in edge wise. 

Idk I feel like a pawn. Everyone uses me when they need me and then that's it. 

I have the means to do this but I am too fucking stupid to go through with it I guess. Fuck it could all be so easy if I did