Help.Hey SW. Hope you guys are doing much better than me.

Got 2 doses of super bad news today and I just feel like shit. 

For about 9 months, I've had a horrible, terrible pain in my left pelvis. I went to a teaching hospital and got an ultrasound, thinking I had a cyst or something wrong with my ovary. Turns out, it's my GI tract. My Mom got me some health insurance to see a GI doctor, so he decided to do a colonoscopy. The insurance wouldn't pay for it so mom dropped the insurance. I called the teaching hospital to see if they could help me but they don't take people without insurance for that practice :'(. I'm really fucking scared. I'm worried that I have an issue that could be corrected easily, but the longer I don't receive medical care, the worse it could possibly get. I'm in pain pretty much every day. I've literally felt this spread in my body..to my upper side, and to my lower right pelvis. I'm really really scared.

Second bad news: I did my assignments for this stupid online class I was taking at my college. The fucking lab coordinator could see that I did the work, but refused to give me the credit for it, thus giving me a C in the course which I will now have to repeat.

I don't have the money to pay..and even if I did I would use it to pay for my colonoscopy which is going to run me about 1200 dollars.

I'm so sad and scared. The stress of still not being over my ex makes my pain worse. ANY stress makes my pain worse (making me think this may be a stress-related disease/issue) which only makes this worse because I can't escape my issues.

I'm such an idiot. I fell in love with an emotionally abusive jealous man. He was so cruel to me when we were together. My (another)ex texted me once who I hadn't spoken to in about a year and previous ex flipped out giving me the ultimatum that I give him my ex's number so he could call him and tell him to quit texting me or he would break up with me. He would freak out when I would give guy friends a hug. He would get mad if he saw me talking to guys over FB or if a friend would text me. We went to a party once and some guy recognized me from school (who I didn't know/recognize). As we were leaving, I told said guy 'see you later' and my ex went off on me. This was frequent throughout our relationship. I never gave him a reason not to trust me. He would call me a slut.

He's moving to California (Bay Area?) In a couple of months because he's getting a job with his millionaire uncle's company. I know he will be able to move on faster than me out there because he'll be hanging out on the beach all day, will have money, and I have this fear that he will not be jealous once he gets out there and meets someone new. He knew he would be moving there before we got together, which makes me wonder if his jealousy was just a way for him to have an 'out.' 

I am so stupid. Why did I love this guy? We broke up almost a year ago and I still feel like shit. I think it might be because I feel like bad people are getting rewarded, and I'm just sitting here still getting fucking shit on. 

I just want to get over him. I want to find out what's wrong with my body, and find a way to get better. I don't want to be in this pain any more. Please help me. 