Ending it soon. (kind of long post?)I'm planning on doing it in the first half of January after the holiday time ends. I've been depressed for about 5 years now, only started to get really suicidal around 2 years ago. 

I'm extremely lonely and even though I have a couple friends I feel like they are just friends with me because they feel sorry for me and don't know how to get rid of me. My "best friend" of 8+ years who I've also had feelings for 4 years is slowly drifting apart from me, probably because of the lack of interaction due to the virus. One of my other friends is on the other side of the world and won't be returning any time soon (also because the virus). 

In the earlier years when I struggled with depression I tried to open up and that person I told completely disregarded what I had to say. It's ruined me from trusting anyone ever again. 

On top of that, I struggle with gender dysphoria/body dysmorphia. I'm closeted of course, and it's really weighing me down. My parents are lgbtq+phobic: I don't need their acceptance but I don't have anywhere to go if they kick me out. 

I feel that everyone hates me. I tell myself they don't really, but I can't get rid of the part of me that keeps saying how they hate how ugly I am, how stupid I am. That everyone hates me because I'm not breathing in the correct perfect way or walking straight.   


I keep alternating between feeling extremely emotional or being completely numb. I wake up everyday just doing things because I'm for some reason supposed to. I don't feel like I'm actually even here. I just exist but I don't really live. I put on a fake smile everyday so no one will bother or question me. At the same time I feel guilty for struggling because everyone around me is so convinced there is no way for me to be unhappy because how could I? I grew up in the upper middle class, didn't suffer abuse or have any extremely traumatic experiences.

Nothing is really keeping me here anymore. I don't have anyone I truly love, or anyone I that really cares about me. There isn't anything worth living for.   


(there's many more things I haven't mentioned, just haven't found the right words to explain)