I'm just not meant to be alive. Is there a point to this? I fail to see one if there is. 
I could bore you all with a story, though it matters little for it's already the end, so why waste time with the triviality that is my history? 

I thought I could do it. Live, I mean. I've pissed away five years of my life so far, leaving me in a position that is unbearable for me to be in. It might not be a big deal to others, but to me, I might as well raise my white flag and resign with what dignity I have left. Granted, three and a half years of that was being depressed to practically the point of being barely able to move.. then a year and a half was being further encumbered by Anorexia. 

It's been a month, as of yesterday, since I started my recovery from Anorexia. I guess you could call it recovery - I had little choice in the matter. It was either I took charge and dive in at the deep end to rapidly put on weight or be placed in hospital with a tube going up my nose and down my throat. Not a pleasant choice, and neither option appealed to me, but doing it myself won out in the choice between two evils. One month, of me shoving upwards of 4000 calories into my system on a daily basis. As of last Tuesday, when I was weighed at the clinic, it read 50kg (BMI of 17.8). This is an increase of nearly TEN FUCKING KILOS from my starting weight of 40.3kg (BMI of 14.4) (I'm 5'6"). 

I haven't quite faced the reality of it. I don't want to. I don't think I can face it - it feels as if I'm in shock. Though.. it at least felt as if I was in shock. Since yesterday, and more so today, it's starting to wear of and my mind is starting to wrap around the situation I am now finding myself in. I'm doing what I can to keep calm, but it's all hitting me. Every repressed anorexic thought is flooding back into my mind -- with a vengeance. I can't quite handle it. 

More worryingly, is that my suicidal thoughts are back, and are quite severe today. I haven't had them this bad in damn nearly a year when I was hospitalized for them (and self harm. - The two hospitalizations traumatized me..) and I fear that I may act on them as a result of wanting an escape from this mental anguish. I want to scream, cry, cut myself, and flat out die rather than continue eating. Today I'm at 2600 calories and it's only fucking 5:33pm (I'll probably end up eating fucking more too by the end of the night -.-) - I've turned into such an obese fat fucking bastard that it sickens me. I want to gouge out my eyes so I never have to see myself because that in itself is pure torturous agony. 

My family are all so proud of me for eating and I feel incredibly guilty for having all these anorexic thoughts again that I fear if I embrace the oncoming relapse, it'll feel (to me) as if I had just slapped them all and spit in their face. Not to mention I'll be faced with a shitstorm of abuse if I do. 

Death seems like, and feels like, the only way out. I'll never be happy with who I am, and that is only the tip of the iceberg in a way with what I have to deal with every day. I'm not living. 

I've been dead inside for a very long time. I just need to make it happen on the outside now too.. 

I don't think I can ever be happy or positive. It's just not in my cards, you know? I'm probably just destined to be like this.. I mean.. horrible people deserve to suffer, right..?.. I'm horrible.. 

:(