I’m tiredI’m tired of living, of breathing, of just going through the motions. I’m only 19, I shouldn’t be tired, but I see all my peers succeeding, being happy, living life, and enjoying things. I see them look forward to tomorrows or next years. But I just want to stop. There’s nothing I want from life, it’s ground the energy and passion out of me and frankly, I’m tired of it. I’m tired of disappointing my parents and hurting those around me. I’m tired of not knowing what love feels like because I’m too damn thick, I’m tired of pushing others away because I don’t know how to trust people. I’m tired of making those who care about me worry, and I’m tired of feeling guilty about being so goddamn insensitive. I’m tired of being human.

Why can’t I just be a machine? Why did I have to be born? I never asked for it. I’ve tried to kill myself 29 times in the past 8-9 years. I’m so tired of feeling guilty for being so selfish and self-centered that I tried 29 times despite all those who say they care for me. I’m so tired of living. I want to die, I really do. But nobody lets me, nobody wants me to. Hell, when I wanted to buy a gun when I turned 18, the age to purchase firearms was increased to 21. 

I’m tired of failing at living or dying. I’m tired of being a failure. I’m tired of feeling like I’m just looking for attention. I’m tired of being told that I’m just lost, edgy, or selfish. I’m tired of living a life that I feel like isn’t mine. I’m tired for being sorry for existing. I’m tired of giving up, but I’m too tired to do anything about it at all. I’m tired of the crushing weight of existence and I’m tired of having to hide it, to look happy, to show my parents I love them, a concept I sincerely can not grasp.

I’m genuinely tired of being told I’m depressed. There’s just simply no way. I’ve lived a great life, experienced most everything worth experiencing. But all I feel is bored and tired. I’m sick of it. I’m tired of always wanting to die but never succeeding at it. I’m only here because of principle and now, I’m too tired to be stubborn, I’m too tired to strongarm myself through my lethargy. I’m tired.