Not sure how to approach this...Hello,

First let me start by saying I am not going to kill myself. I don't want to and I'm not going to. Also I'm an atheist so please no bible stuff about Jesus loving me or praying for me I'm not looking for that.

Ok now that that's out of the way on to why I am posting. I have been having suicidal thoughts recently and am becoming concerned about my mental health. I'm all alone in this world. I distanced myself from my family years ago and I just recently moved. I have a few friends in my life but no one I would feel comfortable discussing this with.

The thoughts started about a month and a half after I moved from Hawaii back to my home state of Colorado. The job I thought would be here for me hasn't happened and I've had some unfortunate financial set backs since moving which seems to have triggered a bout of depression. I've been through this sort of thing before so I try to do the usual things they say to do. I've been exercising and staying active. Trying to stay socially connected while I am dealing with everything but the thoughts keep coming. It's not the fist time I've had these thoughts but now I've actually started planning out how I would kill myself.

I've been alone for my entire adult life and while I've lived a pretty amazing and wonderful life up until now I just can't seem to find the motivation to keep going. 

I'm 28 years old I have no job, no money, no girl, no family, and I'm looking at the next 50 years of my life thinking to myself what's the point? I don't think I'll ever find love. My family is never going to understand who I am or be the family I want. I find no joy in working (at least I didn't at my last job). I do find enjoyment and happiness in life but these moments are becoming rarer and rarer and I can't help but think at what point is it better to just end it? How much are those moments worth? Are they really worth living for when a dark loneliness consumes the majority of your thoughts and time? Death just seems like it would be a welcome release at this point. No more stress or worries, no rejection, never having to spend another night alone. 

Please any advice would be appreciated. I'm ok right now but these thought are becoming more frequent and I'm feeling overwhelmed by them at times.