I don't know what to do and need someone to talkI think I need to talk to someone. The last 6 to 8 months I didn't do anything productive. I just was at home and went outside as rare as possible. I live alone and was really close to get my bachelors degree. But shortly after I registered for a topic for my thesis I started to realize how frightened I am about many trivial things. Since then I tried to avoid other people and stopped replying to messages.

Before I started college I always thought, that writing thesis and seminars will be the hardest part for me (even if it's only a "test-seminar"). I never had any problems with exams and was mostly one of the best 10%, but seminars or practical parts (where supervisor are watching over me) were always really hard for me and I only managed to finish these thanks to my teammates. 

I always was a shy and rather introverted type, but never thought that it was something out of the norm that needs to be treated. But at the moment I'm really afraid of social interactions and it doesn't matter if it's in real life or only in the Internet. 

I never talked with anyone about this and I think no one knows that I shut myself in my room. In the last 6 months I though often about suicide and actually wanted to do it 2 times, but I never could do it (mostly because of my family). I wish I could simply disappear or not waking up in the morning or die in an accident. But I'm pretty sure non of this will ever happen.

Today I wanted to drive home to tell my parents about it, but after a 2 hour train (I need 3 hours to go back to home) ride I returned back to my apartment. I don't know what I should tell them when I arrive. I also thought about calling my parents via phone, but I feel I could explain it to them on the phone. Another idea was to go to my old friend (he lives just a few doors away) and asking him for help, but I can't think of any way he could help me. 

So at the moment I don't really know what's wrong with me or what I should do to escape my current situation and I hope you can give me some advices. 