For 1 whole month iv done nothing but sit down in my room and try to motivate my self to commit suicide. I just cant do it.I'v been a looser all my life and had suicidal. I am only 17 and am attending a community college (i am failing all my classes and the course) and on top of that i am staying in Canada with a student visa, which means they are going to kick me out sooner or later. I came to study in this country because i wanted to get my life going here and finally be productive and turn my life around. But before you know it i messed up school big time. My depression just got worst and it feels like bipolar at this point. Every day i cant go to school because i have a break down first thing in the morning cry for hours and try to look for ways to distract my self. I am the blame for how things are in my life and want to get better but no matter the effort at the end i always fuck it all up. I know i am young but if i have to go back to my home country i don't know if i can take it. I got out of there for a reason and failed. I hate where i am from (Its Turkey, no offense) its just the fucking worst for people like me. What i mean by that is my political views, look on life and everything. I have been suicidal for a long time and been trying to finally do it but my pain is just so big in my chest i cant even move out of my bed most days. I am so much more moodier then i used to be and just want to cry and get mad at everything all the time. Focusing is impossible its almost like my brain is not even fucking functioning anymore. Plus all this shit aint free and god know my dumb ass is not paying for it (my dad is). I feel so much fucking guilt that i have to take an abusive fathers money and have to explain him why i am such a fucking loser. He is probably gonna stop supporting me and thats gonna make me become homeless. I cant get a job here, if i have to go to my old country i rather just kill my self and call it a life. I do not know what to do, i have my girlfriend in my life and she is on the other side of the fucking world. I dont see how i can do anything at this point i am failing my course %100 and just waiting for finals to be over and get a notice from the school. I am wasting my time, my dad's money and putting my girlfriend trough the pain of not being able to see each other at all for years. I know i am never gonna become better i failed way too many times for a 17 year old to try. I commited suicide countless times and failed, i was high/drunk my most days. I was never good at anything other then gaming, playing  guitar. I stopped playing the guitar around 4 years ago btw. I never felt so unsure about anything before. I am a diffirent person in the morning, evening, night. Its fucking insane how much my way of thinking and personality changes trough out the day. I am never happy, i always feel a huge pain right in my chest and it never and i mean never stops. At the end my college is gonna kick me out, the country gonna expire the visa, my parents will say enough and i will be heading back to turkey. I dont even fucking know where i would go. I just want everything to be over. I have been trying to find ways to buy cyanide and use it to kill my self but no luck so far. I dont know when i am gonna be able to kill my self but i hope i will get the courage to do it soon. Its fucked up that i ruined everything and everyone around me so many times for a 17 year old. There are always thought in my head telling me what a peace of shit i am and what i should be doing but i cant ever get the motivation to do anything. All i can say is fuck me, and fuck the life i lived. I am a peace of useless trash and i deserve to die.