My friends are drifting awaySomething that usually helps me is imagining how people would react to my suicide. It sounds weird, but picturing how devastated people would be makes me realise that people actually do care. I have a decent relationship with my family, and my brother in particular. I know that this would break them. But I usually focus on how my friends would react I used to think that this would horribly affect them, but now I'm not so sure.

In the past week especially, I've realised that I don't  know my friends as well as i thought i did. One thing is that a few months ago i expressed to several of them that I don't  enjoy spending time in large groups, that I'd rather meet up with them one on one, or one on two. But everytime I try to invite one of them to do something, they always bring  people along without asking me. One of my friends has just got a girlfriend, and so even when I'm with him, hes always either texting her or he brought her along. I also just found out that he's pledging a frat, about a week and a half after everyone else. I also found out that another friend is having girl trouble and has being going on dates with someone for at least a month. Both these things I didn't get told, no, I figured them out because my friends talked to each other about these in front of me. Not to me. Also I went to lunch (at a dining hall) with 2 of my friends and they just ignored me. They never asked me a question. They engaged with me if I asked them something, but seemed much happier to spend time just talking to each other.

The final straw, however, is that during that lunch I invited them and another friend to my favorite restaurant. I don't often eat out, so when I do i really enjoy it. I got all my friends to agree. When the date rolled around and I was on the bus heading over, 2 of them canceled because they said they had prior plans that they conveniently forgot to mention when I asked them just a few days before. The 3rd person slept through it (I guess she forgot too).

So yeah, I don't  think my friends actually like me. I'm always the last to know things, they don't engage with me if I'm there, and they disrespect my plans.

So now when i imagine my suicide, it isn't a comforting reminder of how people care about me. Now all I see is how quickly my friends will move on and forget me. I'll be that person they knew who committed suicide. But after a few months I'll really only be an interesting anecdote or story, rather than a friend who tragically died.

Like I poured so much effort into these friendships. I tried to be the absolutely best friend that I could. And they just don't put anything else back into it.

I feel so alone. My brother is my best friend, but i hardly see him anymore and I can't talk to him about this, he just doesn't understand.

I don't have a plan, but I would be lying if I said that I wasn't suicidal. 