You're the reasonDo you remember when  I was in fifth grade and I tried to kill myself with you in the room? Do you remember what you did? Yelling at me and threatening me instead of helping? Telling me you'd have me sent to a mental hospital where they'd make me feel awful? I already felt awful. I was trying to die, and I was barely 11. Do you remember when I was in eighth grade and I handed you a knife and begged you to kill me? When I pleaded with you to just end the pain? Do you remember what you did? Yelling at me and threatening me instead of helping? Shouting that I pulled a knife on you while you held the knife? Telling me I was just ungrateful? Do you remember when I was in second grade and I broke down crying at the dinner table with no explanation? Do you remember what you did? Telling me I had nothing to cry about? Telling me I shouldn't be angry? Did you really not know why? Do you remember getting angry about every little thing I did and verbally attacking me until I cried and tried to run away? Do you remember how frequently that happened? Do you remember me crying and running away almost every day? Do you remember threatening to call the police and have me taken away every time I got upset because you were abusing me? Do you remember telling me that I was just being selfish and abusive when I couldn't handle the hatred you were showing me? Do you remember physically holding me down and forcing me to listen to you as you shouted about how awful I was? Do you really wonder why I had to emotionally withdraw from the family since then? Do you really not know why I have to hide now? Do you really not know why I'm angry? Do you really not know what's wrong? Do you really not know what you did? Do you really think that I would be able to just tell you what's wrong after everything you did? Do you really think you've never done anything wrong to me? Do you really think that you've been a good and loving and supportive parent? Do you really think there's no reason I never tell you anything? Stop asking me if I'm ok. You know I can't tell you. You know it's your fault. Stop pretending to be someone you aren't.