I aware that I can live a fulfilling life, I hate myself too fucking muchMy name is Eli Mcdill, I'm 16 years old, I was born out of unprotected sex when my mum was 21 with aspergers syndrome, We live entirely off of social security benifits, I barely attended junior high, I'm struggling with gender dysphoria and I probably won't live to see my retirement years due to a climate disaster. I don't want to live anymore, take a guess as to why. 

I live in constant insecurity of being perceived as "other", as if my most minute habit will make me look like a weirdo.

I could barely concentrate in school, I don't mean I was easily distracted, I mean there was a very real deficit of attention, I needed professional treatment, but no, the staff at my school didn't really know how to handle it. So they just hovered around me as I did meanial tasks, watched Youtube videos, cooked and occasionally did schoolwork when I was able. I constantly felt infantilised. I absolutely hated it.

I'm woefully uneducated. These days I can barely do simple addition with numbers higher than five. I honestly do not know how to use simple measurements, and I've never set a single exam in my life. 

I've done absolutely nothing since leaving school. It's been a year now, all my brother does is sit at his computer, it's literally the only thing he does, I'm really worried. 

I'm exhuasted. I know that I still have a logistical chance of acheivement. But I honestly fail to see why, being in my current situation, I should care anymore. I know that I'm intelligent, that I'm creative, but I don't care. I've been trapped in this limbo for so long It's sapped the life out of me. 

I want to go back to school, I would kill to reconnect with my peers. I've spent my entire adolescence at the mercy of "social workers". I have achieved nothing, so why start now?

I feel only dread when I see my reflection.

If you've somehow made it to the end of this self pitying verbal clusterfuck; I'm sorry you had to read that. 

If my mum and/or former teachers are reading this; well done. You win. You can finally fuck off.