Throwaway. I don't think I can make it through these next 10 days.I am 19. My life has been a roller coaster and I cannot take it anymore.

I started college two years ago, had the time of my life, and then started a relationship with what would be my first girlfriend.
Things only went up for a while, then came back down. I finished the year with a 3.3 gpa.

Depression from leaving school and my friends for the summer, combined with having to enter a long distance relationship with girlfriend all occured one year ago this month. 

It affected my job I had for 4 years, as a camp counselor. I love working with children, it is passion. I do not have that job anymore. My depression got to the point where it affected my job performance and I was not hired back this summer.

I was diagnosed officially with depression last august, and put on medication. I was never followed up by a psychiatrist.

The fall brought on controlling behavior on my end, that I regret fully and understand was wrong and not ok in anyway. Your S.O. is NOT your parent or boss. I acted as such to my girlfriend. I will never do that again.

December of last year we broke u for the third and final time. I was a mess. I sent her three angry text messages, but never threatened or hurt her, I regret those messages. 

I was in the ER for being suicidal 3 times that month.

At the end of the month, I asked my girlfriend to meet and talk, she said no. Thaat night I climbed the ladder next to her apartment window and knocked on it, it was never my attention to break in, I was hoping she would come outside. I realize that was wrong.

She called the police, my parents picked me up and rushed me to the hosital before the cops could get me, and I admitted my self to the psych ward, where I stayed for 3 days. 

I was diagnosed bipolar and found out I was on the wrong medication before, for months. 

I left the hopsital, I was all set to go back to school this past spring and continue my education major. She filed a harrament and tresspassing warning, those were not entereed in the database and I was told they would not be on any record. I did not go back, I was a skibum for the winter, a dream I always had. 

It was fun, but many nights were spent alone, knowing all my friends and my life, where many people liked me and considered me to be a good friend, was only 45 minutes away. They would text me asking me to come visit, but I did not. all it would have taken was one thing and those warning would become criminal and I would have a record, unable to work with kids. 

I have not contacted her or anyone about her since that night I knocked on her window. 

Life seemed to head up again, I came home, and reconnected with every friend I blew off last summer due to my depression. 

I got a job working with kids, I just finished my first week this past week. They are running my background check, and the cops said the notices would not show up, they were local to the station and not entered in the database, this was made clear over the phone, but I am stressed everyday it will show and I will lose this job. 

I signed a lease for an apartment with very good friends for this fall at school. I was estactic at the thought of being back. I am no longer going back. This was the plan anyway.

2 days ago I found out my ex filed a protection from abuse order against me, because she knew I was planning on attending school again this fall. After 5 months since she called the police, not once did I contact her or anyone about her, I want nothing to do with her. I now have to go to court in 10 days and she will be there.

I will not be going back to school as to help this case, I am certain this will be thrown out as I have not contacted her at all and will be able to say I am not going back. It is important to note she contacted me 2 weeks after I got out of the hospital, but I did not respond.

So now I have made the descion to not go back, and again leave behind my friends due to this mess. It sucks, and broke my heart. I was on track to attend school again, and now I am not. 

In 10 days I will see her, I am not angry for the past, I understand why she called the police. I didn't want to see her ever again and am scared to death to see her. I have gained 30 pounds and worked out all winter, I look good, but still I am scared to see her I dont want it to bring back bad memories.

In ten days I will find out if the order will be thrown away and I can finally move on and live my life in peace, never to see or hear from her again. Or if the order will be permanent, go on my record, and ruin any chance of me becoming a teacher and helping kids, my life goal. 

I have scars from self harm and thoughts of suicide are now rampant. I have to go to work these next handful of days and give it my best, I cant let it affect me and cost me another job. 

I am an affable, benign, thoughtful, and compassionate. I made a mistake I regreet and have learned from it, and I just want to live my life. 

I have scars from self harm, and thoughts of suicide are rampant. I was doing great, but now this. I cant handle the stress and anxiety of these next ten days. I do not want to see her. 

I just dont know what to do...







