now I'm a martyr?I'm 31 and I've been suicidal on and off since I was a teenager. was diagnosed with depression about a year and a half ago, been on antidepressants ever since. within the last year, I've gotten divorced, my best friend of 18 years's mom (who was like my second mom growing up) died of cancer, my second-best friend of 13 years who was like the older sister I never had got cancer and died at 34, my apartment building caught on fire, and my job switched departments and I moved from an office with supportive (so I thought) people to an isolated office by myself. I have no siblings, no family nearby - the family I do have is either close to each other and not me, or just dysfunctional and crazy. I have a great best friend who lives 900 miles away with severe health issues who I worry about losing. I have a boyfriend who is a great guy but won't say I love you and with whom I fight way too often. Now my old coworkers have stabbed me in the back - went over my head to my boss with no warning and betrayed me.. told her things I had told them in confidence as my friends. when I've tried to protest and share my feelings I've been accused of being a martyr. clearly, my "emotional problems" (their words) are too much for my so-called friends to handle. I'm just a burden on everyone.. apparently no one wants me around. I've been in counseling for 3 years. I was just starting to get over the constant nagging fear that everyone in my life secretly hated me.. now I found out they do! I mean, how can I get help and support if talking about my feelings makes me a martyr? I'm just going to wear out the few friends I do have. no one wants to listen to someone whine all the time. my friend only died a few weeks ago.. I wish God had taken me instead of her. I just wanted someone to take care of me, to be compassionate toward me, when she died. see if I needed anything. no one did. My biggest concern with suicide is that it would fail. I don't want to try to kill myself and fail and either be physically damaged for whatever life I have remaining and/or have everyone know that I'm crazy and distance themselves from me even further. I just see a lifetime of loneliness ahead of me. my boyfriend will inevitably break up with me because I get upset too often, my best friend will die, my parents are older and most of my family is significantly older than me.. that leaves me with no one. maybe if I had siblings I'd have a bond to someone. but I've always been the weirdo. "Terminal uniqueness."