Safe for the moment but afraid of developing something worse**I'll be posting what I guess you can call my story first. Feel free to skip by it to the end if you wish. It feels like a good way for me to collect my thoughts before writing the rest.**

I've always been a bit of an outsider and this caused a lot of pain for me. I used to sit by the telephone with a list with the numbers of everyone in my class, calling next to everyone, except the ones who actively bullied me, and almost every single time, everybody had an excuse not to spend time with me. It wasn't rare that people lied to me. Just the thought of that phone is enough to hurt really bad.

Sometimes however, some people did say okay and they hanged out with me but it always felt like the main reason they did so was because I had stuff they didn't have. I tried really hard not to think about this and I had a good time, and I think they had too. I just wondered why only these few people ever wanted to spend time with me. Was I that weird? That much of a freak?

My parents, while they have always loved me, and I know this, have been somewhat distant and as a kid I always felt like I was a disappointment to them. I've always excelled at everything I've done, and my parents have never measured my worth by my achievements so of course, I know I am wrong. 

I'll fast forward a couple of years now. Things did get better. I was still an outsider, but I found another outsider friend and the few people who occasionally spent their time with me became much closer friends. Then, when I graduated from 9th grade (swedish school-system) and I got a spot in a town an hour away with bus from where I lived. This felt like an opportunity to start over, to create a new life for myself and to become a better person. 

In many ways, this worked out. I've met some of the best people in the world here. I also like to believe that I'm quite a bit less of an asshole today, I've really tried and remove all my bad sides. 

However, I still felt horrible inside. I'm quite a good actor so nobody ever noticed. I had gotten really close with one of the new friends and we often sat down and discussed things and after a while, I guess I felt comfortable enough to tell her about how I was feeling. However I never ever said anything more than that I felt like shit. Then, at my 18th birthday (december 2012), I had a party at my house and we went away to talk and smoke a little. This is when she suggested that I go seek help for my problems.

So the day after that, I decided to do so, and I've been regularly seeing a  psychologist ever since. That was probably one of the best decisions of my life.

We've gone through the first part of the treatment process and have started therapy. I've been diagnosed with dysthymia andstrong signs of avoidant (also known as phobic) personality disorder and aspergers syndrome even though I don't match all the different criteria.

After this summer, I'll move away, start studying physics at a great university. 

**Now, to the more important part.**

I had my first thoughts of suicide during a period when I was about 12 years old. I can remember once, standing at the edge of a balcony only changing my mind because I thought to myself, well no one else will but perhaps my guinea pigs will miss me. After that period, I've not considered it until recently. 

I don't believe that anymore. I know that people will miss me and that's very comforting.

However, I don't enjoy anything, I feel like a freak, like an abscess which would make people happier simply by disappearing. I hate next to everything with myself. My body disguts me, I feel like I'm fundamentally flawed and I'm terrified that I'll die alone. 

Lately, I've been feeling a lot worse, and I've realised that really the only reason I'm not killing myself is because I'm afraid I'd hurt the people around me. This thought frightens me.

And to make things worse, my psychologist has been sick for three weeks now so I have no one who I can talk to about this, which is why I made this post as some sort of alternative. 

At the moment, I feel like I'm safe, but I'm really worried that I'll end up with something worse. In particular, I fear ending up with some sort of eating disorder or worse, killing myself. I feel like the only things stoping me from developing these are my neverending hunger and my strong wish to not hurt other people.

There is one friend who probably could handle this but I really don't want to burden her with this. She has already done so much for me and I know that she is under a lot of stress from school right now. 

I don't know really what to say, I'm not really expecting anything from this post but it felt like I had to say all of this somewhere.