I’m just tired of tryingFirst time posting anything on reddit, wish it had been under better circumstances than this but oh well.

Anyways my backstory is that I am a 19 year old male that has suffered from bad social anxiety for the vast majority of my life. All throughout high school I was scared to go to parties where there would be more than a few people because I didn’t want my social anxiety/awkwardness to get in the way and make me seem like even more of an idiotic loser than I already make myself out to be. Somehow I managed to get through high school and 2 weeks after graduating I left for the Army, and for once I actually kinda truly enjoyed something in my life. But as life would turn out I got injured during training and was medically discharged last month after serving only 9 months of my 6 year contract. Once I was put on medical hold I was treated like utter shit by just about everyone, and as you can imagine this didn’t go so well for my state of mind and it quite frankly destroyed me mentally. Throughout the agonizing months as a medical holdover awaiting discharge I never went to see anyone about my depression, mainly because I feared what might happen and how it might affect my future civilian life, and the thought of that absolutely terrified me. So now here I am back in the civilian world labeled a “disabled vet” at the age of 19 feeling mentally drained and depressed every single day. I am set to start college this upcoming fall but in all honesty I just don’t know about this life anymore. I’m tired of hearing the same things like “You’re  so young, you shouldn’t be worrying about stuff like that” or “things will get better once you go to school or get a job.” I’m always told to go out and make new friends but every time I try I just end up making a fool of myself. The few friends that I had moved away to college and don’t care too talk to me anymore, and every attempt I’ve made at getting to know a girl has been an absolute failure. I just feel like a weak worthless man who doesn’t have any talent, has never had an actual relationship, and fails at every attempt in advancing in life. Believe me when I say that I would have pulled the trigger long ago, however I fear that my suicide would break my mothers and grandparents heart and I really don’t want my depression to affect their lives as it has affected mine.I don’t really know what I hope to get out of typing this or if anyone really cared enough to read through it all, but I’m honestly just in the stage of staying up every single night debating about whether or not I should stay and fight or just push the off button. Any insight or advise would be appreciated, and I’m typing this on mobile at midnight so forgive the inevitable spelling and grammar errors I’ve made.