My storyTo be quite honest, I don't expect anything to come of this, all I'll get is the usual "Things get better!", "See a doctor" and "I care!" replies, but still. I feel like I should make an attempt... an attempt at life.

A few years after I was born, my mother was diagnosed with a terminal illness, currently she's still alive; but things don't look good. When I was around age 5 she got sent to a 'hospital-like-home' where she's lived ever since. The care there is terrible but it's life I suppose. Anywho, my father (having 5 kids) was forced to work quite alot to pay for the medical expenses and food/hydro etc. I more or less grew up with my brothers with minimal parenting. When I was very little (around age 8) my brother called me into his room where he molested and raped me. Being young, I didn't know any better and went along with it. This went on for several years (until I was around age 13 and he moved out).

Growing up the way I have, I feel like I am in many ways fucked up beyond repair. I don't eat, I don't sleep, I'm constantly depressed and if i'm not I'm extremely angry or just completely apathetic. I don't try at anything, I'm unmotivated, nothing gives me any pleasure, so on and so forth, i'm not mentally sound.

I don't quite know how to express how I feel, to be honest, I don't even know how I feel. 

I suppose I want the attention and love I never got as a child. That would explain my recent lashing out for attention (if I knew how to hyperlink I would, http://en.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/1bui7q/my_friend_just_dropped_this_on_me_need_help/ ) . My posting here, but even then I don't think that's it, at least not all of it. I want friends, but I don't, I want an education but I don't. 

I apologize for the inconsistency with this post. My train of thought has gone straight down the drain in the five minutes I've spent typing this.

I feel like there are two 'me's. Two people inside of me, one wants to be loved and have friends and be social and all that crap, the other just wants to die, and be depressed. 

I don't want to die, I just want this to all be over with.

I don't know...

I don't know. 