Partner's SuicideI'm not sure if I'm allowed to post here, but having never been suicidal myself I am really struggling to come to terms with the thought process behind my partner's suicide and his actions leading up to it, and thought maybe asking someone who had been "there" would give me insight?

I discovered my partner had cheated on my with a prostitute shortly after we had bought and moved into our first (owned) home together. We had been together for a few years and rented together previously. I found a used condom in his pocket and to be honest I totally flipped. I was absolutely devastated. I've been cheated on in the past by another boyfriend, and had insecurities about it happening again, but I had never snooped on his phone or anything as I fully trusted him. I had found the condom because he had a cold and was leaving tissues in all his pockets, and I was putting a wash on. I couldn't believe it, I just never expected it from him. Our relationship seemed solid and we had a great sex life. 

I was unaware he had any mental health issues, and chalked his infidelity up to him not valuing me or the relationship, so I stormed out of the house after some very bitter words and went to stay with a friend. I found him the next morning. 

At his inquest I learnt he had been suicidal once before (before we met) and had taken himself to a&amp;e but been fobbed off with valium. I also found out he had been diagnosed in 2006 with generalised anxiety disorder which he had not sought or received therapy or medication for. 

His sister asked me a very difficult question - she said "do you think he thought your relationship was over?". The implication there is that he killed himself because he thought our relationship was over, and I think he must have assumed it was... And that's my fault. I had privately decided to seek a couple's counsellor and to see if we could make it work but I didn't tell him that straight away as I thought he needed to see that he had risked losing me by cheating. I was trying to future proof our relationship by making him think he'd fucked it because I didn't want him to do it again. I travel a lot for work and was terrified he would feel like he could do it again. Needless to say I hate myself for letting him believe it was over. All I can say is I was blinded by my own hurt and never imagined he would do something like this. 

I want to know if any of you have been suicidal after a break up or if it's always a culmination of factors? I know it often happens after breakups, but is that why? He died 12 hours after I had found the condom. He had started googling methods the second I left the house (twenty minutes after finding it and confronting him). If our relationship was life or death  to him, why lay it on the line for the cheapest hooker he could find, just days after completing on our house? I dont understand! Have any of you got generalised anxiety disorder? What is that like? 

I'm sorry if this is the wrong place to ask these questions. I'm just so devastated to have lost him. I'm so sorry I let him believe it was over. I had no idea he would do this. It's been four months and his pain is all I think about, but I don't fully understand what was going on. 


