Just venting/looking for your opinionsI'm in a field where in the future I might be able to drastically improve/save peoples' lives through my contributions. I'm wondering whether or not you think it's immoral for me to kill myself. I realize I should want to further humanity though I don't know exactly why. I'm completely indifferent to everyone I've ever met, but I don't hate/dislike them (that includes everybody, even people you probably hate). I have no morals. I bought a hammer and a large razor from home depot and I've completely obliterated my torso. My mood stabilizers are obviously not working. I'm not going into a mental hospital/calling anyone. If anything I post gets traced back to me, I'll definitely go through with it. I plan on slitting my throat and jumping off a parking structure near where I live. I'm not sure what you think about that method since I really would rather do it without disturbing the people in my community. I'm at a point in life that should be a very high point. That makes everything way worse. I can't stand people or anything they do now, so how will life be if it's all downhill from here? Further, I've dealt with a psychotic disorder for a long time that is very obviously making me retarded despite my academic success at a top university. Again, I'm not going to a mental hospital, and I'm not calling a hotline. If anyone figures this out, I'm going to do it immediately and extremely brutally so there's no chance of me surviving. I just hate being alive, and I don't care if it "gets better". If I get better it means that I have become a different person. I will have changed so drastically that I will be a shell of a person who only wishes to be what society wants. That is too shallow for me. I don't have a view of life so romanticized that I am afraid of dying. However, I don't drink or do any drugs. Would you recommend I starting drinking? I might also be able to get ahold of heroin/amphetamines. I realize that if this did change things, I would probably live my remaining years a parasite. This is why I think it might be immoral, especially from popular-societal perspectives? Don't feel the need to be a hero. I don't care who you are, and I don't want to know why you're answering my questions if you are at all. I purposefully made an impossibly-long/random password on this account, and I am signing out.