Ahhhhh, Not Another Stupid TeenagerI'm not sure where to start but I never thought I'd be in this position. For the last few months I've been seriously considering suicide. Everyday the thought passes through my head and I know one day I'll act on it. 

I am your average, stupid, emotional teenager. There's nothing great about me. I'm incredibly shy and have 2 people who I consider close-ish friends. I feel so different from everybody else. I'm ugly, fat, and so shut in. I can read people so well, I swear. When I talk to people sometimes, I can see their disgust. "why do I have to sit next to her?" "why do I have to work with her?" "why do I have to help her?" I know what you're thinking, it's all in my head. No it's not. I get made fun of, not to my face but I hear it. They talk about me as if I'm not there. Admitting that I get made fun of is embarrassing. I feel so degraded, like my humanity is stripped from me. I'm such a freak. I blush easily. I don't talk. I'm a loser. 

I feel like it doesn't get better after this. I feel like I won't make it into a legitimate college because of the drop in my grades this year. My graduation next year signifies a lot. I'm the youngest in my family and my parents have been waiting 9 years for my graduation to split up. The tension in my house is hard to deal with. None of my siblings get along, no one. I come home, go to my room, close my door and that's that. I've been told multiple times by my brother that I don't fit in with our family. I don't fit in anywhere. He uses what they call me at school against me and I know he's embarrassed of me being his sister. I hate fighting, violence, anything like that and that's just what my family's about. Everyone tries so hard to get along but everything always ends in a fight. 

I don't want to go to school anymore. I've been skipping any assignment that has to do with presenting because I feel like I'll just start crying. My teachers think I'm some freak who doesn't talk and doesn't have any friends. 

I feel so pathetic and stupid. I don't know what to do. No one knows me. I'm lost.



