Could use support to get through next few daysJust a brief summary of my story:

\- Longstanding (20 years +) severe depression and anxiety (plus OCD, panic disorder)

\- Been on a lot of medications. A couple worked at first then didn't. No commonly prescribed antidepressants do a thing now.

\- Been in psych hospitals 3 times (voluntary). Kept me safe I suppose. Not much else. 

\- Had ECT (didn't help depression just screwed up my memory. About 20 sessions total).

\- Started Ketamine therapy. It's the only thing that has worked for me. Miraculous results, until recently when for some reason it doesn't seem to be doing much.

\- Had lots and lots of therapy over 20 years. Don't feel that it has made much of a difference. 

\- Good job, good money, great wife - when I'm not depressed I love the life set up I have.

\- Drink very very little and have pretty much stopped that. Take meds only as prescribed. 

\- No past significant trauma. My depression is definitely endogenous. While certainly environment, stress, etc can be triggers, there are countless times that things have been going great, just coasting along and then one morning I'll wake up in a shocking state. 

Anyway I won't say I've tried EVERYTHING but it's reasonable to say that I have tried a lot. I don't feel there are many options left. Ketamine was fantastic and I hope it will work again but just recently it hasn't helped.

I'm in a foreign country at the moment. The only people I know here are the work colleagues in the office. They're nice but they talk about where to go to eat, football, etc. You know, normal things. I feel so bad that the only thing I seem capable of talking about is just how horrendous this is. 

I'm in a bad, bad way. Acute severe depression and anxiety. I have another few days to go through which should be nothing but it seems impossible. Been thinking a lot about ending it. I guess I'd just really appreciate a bit of support to get me through the next few days after which I'll fly home to my wife. Don't get me wrong, I'll still feel awful then but at least I'll have someone I love and can talk to about all this.

Thanks so much, sorry it was so long. First post so wanted to give a decent amount of information. I'm looking for support but also really happy to give it if anyone wants someone to talk to.