Suicide after SurgeryI (19F) have been battling my left knee for about 7 months. I had major surgery to reconstruct a new ACL and put back together my meniscus on Halloween. This has left me in a straight leg brace for a whole month, immobile (no driving), in constant pain and severely depressed. 

Before this, I was a happy, extremely healthy and athletic person. I would go to the gym everyday for hours, worked 6 days a week, went to college and pretty much always kept myself busy. 

I also battle severe MDD and GAD. In my early teens I used to self harm constantly, I was on tons of medication and was overall a super unhappy person. I managed to get myself out of that by simply looking at the bigger picture in life, I was much younger so it was easier for me to shake off. 

Yesterday I had a mental breakdown. After 3 days of self isolation, I finally broke. I got into an argument with my mom and ended up punching a huge hole in the wall. Leaving me with tons of guilt and regret. The rest of the day I kept myself locked in the room until my boyfriend(24M) came to get me after work. 

We all decided it would be best for me to go back home with my boyfriend for a while to destress and relax. This morning he woke me up by telling me he’s leaving the whole weekend to go skateboard which has left me feeling abandoned in my time of most need. He said I was selfish for wanting him to stay with me while I am recovering, kissed me goodbye and went to work. 

I relapsed today cutting myself after almost 4 years of being clean. I tried to kill myself yesterday but couldn’t manage to do it because I wouldn’t want to break my poor moms heart. I feel miserable and have been staring at my boyfriends gun for the whole day imaging pulling the trigger and making everything go away. I am truly miserable and can’t find the will to shake it off. 

Please help me before I do something that will hurt everyone around me.

Edit: I also have no friends. No one to talk to, cry to or spend time with. Only my two parents and my boyfriend. Whom all three called me selfish within the past day, so I don’t really want to talk to them about everything going on in my head. I’m too selfish for them. 