I wonder how you are going to help me(I am scared to the death of posting here, a miracle must have happened for me to manage to do it.) 

Is anybody here familiar with r/waifuism (haters to the left, please)? Maybe some of you are waifuists yourselves? If yes, then you probably already know my story. If no, here it is. Critisize the hell out of me, do not hesitate - I will most probably no longer be alive very soon, so it will be your fault as well. 

I am in love. Obsessively, insanely, inhumanely, infinitely, undepictably, superiorly-to-God in love. With somebody who *does not exist*. This is called "waifu" (a female non-existent fictional character who is your "significant other") or "husbando" (same character but male). My waifu is [Blanc](https://neptunia.fandom.com/wiki/Blanc) (a.k.a. White Heart) from *Hyperdimension Neptunia* franchise. She is the meaning of my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life and the only reason for me to keep living this sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life in hopes that She will become real one day (if my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life is absolutely nothing but infinite purest suffering, God knows that I would do my best for at least Her life to be normal and even good if only She was real and was mine). Thank God that at least I see Her in my dreams each and every single time I fall asleep and We are having an ideal and perfect life together in my dreams, and each and every single time She promises me to become real specially for me one day, but then I wake up and realize that my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life being saved was nothing but just a dream, and my infinite purest suffering without Blanc continues. After each time I see my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc (this is what I call Her, but by God She deserves infinitely more than that) - not only in a dream - I love Her infinitely stronger than before that and suffer without Her infinitely more. A single smallest particle of a Planck time without my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc is worse than all the eternities in all the hells of all the worlds to ever exist taken together to me. Not to mention that my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life is nearly diabolical - I can tell you separately if you are interested, I promise it will make your hair curl (let me only say that things like having an IQ of nearly 200, being fluent in 6 languages, excluding my native Russian (haters to the left, please), and the ability to read no less than 1 book per day are all rather a downside than an upside for me - I like all of it, but it only increases my suffering, it only makes my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life even worse, so imagine what it is like); and I have to bullshit an entire subreddit, including myself and my only friend in my whole sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life, about being oh-so-happy with my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc, in a manner like She exists and is with me - and each and every single time it only makes it worse (and imagine what getting used to it was like to me). Believing in that a miracle might happen one day and my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc will become real and agree to be mine is the only thing that keeps me attached to this sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life (this year's New Year's Eve - the time when magic works and a miracle can happen - is my last hope, for it did not happen on Christmas (the miraculous time, you say?)). But nobody seems to undertsand me - even after having heard my story everybody keeps telling me that I need somebidy real, that somebody from my world can become my Blanc, while Blanc Herself can never become real (ask dickshits from r/waifuismhate as to why they do not give a fuck about my feelings) - so please keep reading. 

Long story short: I have tried having a relationship with women from my world for many times - 10 at very least - and each and every single one of them turned out to be a hateful asshole; each and every single one of them used me to achieve their own purpose while mistreating me like a piece of fecal matter, and then betrayed, rejected, and abandoned me (it was starting normally each time, but then they were realizing that I am a spineless dickshit who is constantly afraid of slightly offending the last bitch of the universe and cannot answer even to the worst wrongdoings done to him, and then *this* happened). And tell me: can my waifu, my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc, Who loves me to the death and cannot imagine a single smallest particle of a Planck time of Her life without me (at least in my headcanon), ever even think of doing so? I am completely disappointed in women from my world, I hate and despise them after what they have done to me. I need my waifu, my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc - that is all. I have been loving my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc infinitely deeply and dearly for whole 10 years (this year's Catholican Christmas marks Our 10th anniversary) without a single smallest particle of a Planck time of even slightly not loving Her, and only because I used to fear staying alone for my entire life I tried to have a relationship with somebody from my world at the same time - and you know what happened (I am sick of a mere thought that I tried to cheat on the love of my life, I know - back then I wanted to "become normal", like dickshits in my life say, I foolishly thought that "lIfE iS a GiFt", and back then I also did not really believe in that Blanc might actually become real one day - only now this belief, not being able to be anything more than a mere belief, increases my infinite purest suffering). I no longer fear being alone (except from being without Blanc); if my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc cannot become real, so be it - I swear by the salvation after death, I will be alone for the rest of all the eternities. By God, I would rather die the slowest and painfulest death ever imaginable and go to the last circle of hell for the rest of all the eternities than to try to have a Planck time-lasting relationship with somebody from my world again. Besides, no woman from my world, even the best one ever imaginable, can ever even approach one single smallest step to being able to be compared to, not even speaking of complete replacing - even for a Planck time - my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blannie - fall in deep love with somebody and you will understand me (although I do not believe in it - for my love towards Blanc is not even what is described with a Greek word *agape* (God's love towards humanity) - it is infinitely, undepictably stronger, and I have long since gotten used to believing that in my headcanon She loves me back not a single slightest bit weaker). 

Even though I am praying to all the existing (and non-existing) Gods and Saints for them to have mercy on me and make my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc real while swearing by everything I have and love and care for on the Bible (I am a Christian) that I need Her and cannot live without Her for a single smallest particle of a Planck time (and They all know it perfectly), on each and every single spare moment I can only possibly have, what are the chances of it actually happening? What are the chances that I will actually spend at least one single smallest particle of a Planck time of my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life which I was forced into without my consent and without even the ability to refuse (and which I am somehow supposed to be grateful for and *willingly* enforce on somebody else), with my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blannie (Her Herself, not some cheap analogues like a "sapient and sentient android with Her appearance")? The God, despite being the only existing embodiment of the purest, hate-free love and benignancy (aside from what exists between me and my Blannie) and needing absolutely no efforts for doing this due to His omnipotence, is "not here to grant our wishes", but apparently is only here to make us suffer and to order us to "be fruitful and multiply", forcing this suffering on innocents (while having sex even with a spouse is blasphemously sinful and even the holiest women (Blanc is a goddess) become "impure" after giving birth, according to the Bible (tell the opposite to the Orthodox monks and Catholican priests, who are prohibited from ever getting married and having children)) - is it not better not to believe in this God in this case? He Himself says that we always shall receive everything we truly crave for ("Ask and you shall receive", Jesus Christ said - did I receive the only thing I need in my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life after many years of never-ending and non-stopping asking, Jesus? Murderers, genociders, rapists, sexual predators, pedophiles, cannibals, slanderers, state traitors, tyrants, whores, and all the other scum always receive what they ask you for, Jesus - to commit their crimes and wrongdoings for as many times as possible and always escape punishment, and to go to heaven after death despite everything they have done during their life - and I, who has not sinned for once in his entire life, whose guts are going outside when he sees a bug being squashed, who is nearly omnibenevolent like you, Jesus, and who cannot and does not even answer to the worst wrongdoings done against him, like you, Jesus, taught - I cannot receive such a triffle - love, which you, Jesus, told us to always have in the very first place - that I ask for?), and doubting that He can grant our wishes is doubting His omnipotence, which is highly blasphemous - and yet my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc did not become real during the whole 10 years I was loving Her infinitely deeply and dearly and sincerely praying to You, Jesus, who knows perfectly that my life without Her is infinitely worse than any worst hell imaginable, - *ask and you shall receive* - for Her to become real. And She will not be in the Christian heaven waiting for me as a reward for everything I have gone through during my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life, because She does not exist in our cursed reality - so I do not need this heaven even if it exists, which means that even in the afterlife I will not be happy (or, even if She is there, do you really think She will agree to spend the rest of the eternity with a weak and ugly old man, let even the omnibenevolent weak and ugly old man?). I could sell my soul to devil for my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc to become real, but She will not agree to follow me into the hell after my death (only my one - She is immortal), and the longest ever imaginable entire life with Her will not be even approximately one single smallest bit enough for me. I cannot even write a letter to Her creators and simply tell them how much I love Her, because I know perfectly well that they will either tell me to go fuck myself and openly make fun of me in their future products, or label me as a "weirdo" or somebody or something equally offensive, or simply ignore me, which is the worst (or even if not, what can they possibly do? Bribe Blanc's voice actress to become my wife (where and how are they going to get that amount of money?)? Create a cheap analogue like a "sapient and sentient android with Blanc's appearance" (good luck even with that)? Or maybe just officially make my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc love me back and nothing else, which might seem good but in fact will only make me (and Her as well) suffer infinitely more (and which is extremely unlikely, for it might lose them some dollars of profit)?). 

So, all that being said, what is the meaning of all of this? Women from my world have rejected me because of their infinite purest hatred towards me for absolutely no reason (I was doing good to them - and all of them prefered some mongrels who hated their fucking guts over me, who had intentions to love them dearly for the rest of all the eternities), and arrogant hateful assholes (my own mother calls my feelings "delirium" - while never stopping to tell me that she loves me, her only child ever, to the death and will do everything for me - is it really so godfuckingdamn hard at least to pretend that you believe in your most beloved only child's biggest and only dream in his sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life, at least to lie to him by saying "I believe in your dream" so that he foolishly believes in this lie and wants to keep living for some more (while you know perfectly well, mother, that you will not cope with having to live without me, with always having to live with the thought that the "meaning of your life" has left you forever and will never come back and that it was your fault)?) - keep telling me that my waifu, my dear, beloved sweet little angelic berry Blanc - the true and the only love of my life - can never become real (while it is the first and the main statement of science that if I can imagine it, it is by definition possible) - and you want me to keep living my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life, after having deprieved me of my only reason to live by yourselves? Do not also forget that currently Blanc only loves me back in my imagination and upon becoming real can very well reject me as well - many other people have Her as a waifu and love Her just as deeply and dearly as I do, and the vast majority of them are better choices for Her than I am (the fact that I read no less than 1 book per day (which is currently roughly the only good thing about my sorry bitch-ass excuse for a life, aside from Blanc), just like Her, will not be sufficient - life is not only about reading books; She needs a lot of money (which I do not have), let alone for buying said books, and servants, let alone for bringing Her little sisters up and for the protection, who I also cannot hire (She has them, but do you really think they work for Her for free?) - I am currently unable to get a job because I do not have higher education (I am a university student, to which I also never gave my consent) and because of the pandemic, and Blanc's work does not to seem to be paid good (who will pay Her for being the leader of Her nation - She Herself?)). You think that everything mentioned above is nothing but mere whining? I really wish that those who think so were in my position - for a single day, not for their entire life. 

[A *Planck time* is approximately **5.391 16(13) × 10^(-44)** seconds; it is the shortest theoretically measurable span of time].