I'm losing and i don't know how much longer i can keep it up.I don't know what to do anymore. This is a long story so brace if anyone reads this. I don't even know where to start. I haven't been living in the best of family enviroments. My parents were constantly arguing and it came to a point where about 7 years ago arguments were every single or other day. And these were not disagreements or just exchange of different views. Most of it involved screaming and throwing stuff in various directions. It took about 5 years of this before i moved out to my grandparents where i live today. During my banishment(let's call it that for lack of a better word) My family found out my dad was mentally ill. I also haven't had a girlfriend for 7 years now which is i think a big factor in why I'll probably do what needs to be done. Since i was alone for most of the time without knowing of my dads issue i just thought that my aversion to closer contacts with people is just because my previous intimate relations were abysmal and women will get smarter as the times go by, since i was always compasionate , caring and loving and i just couldn't see why people don't get it and what more do they want from me. Only later i found out that talking to women you have to be all but these things to get her attention(it's biological , you want assertive and strong, often scummy man for the biological need of dominance, you can observe it in rats and any other animal on the planet, especially mamals), of course i'm not saying that all women are like that but im yet to meet one to be honest. I'm not even that ugly which is also weird but nevermind. I just want to picture you what kind of a significant other i wanted to be and how i failed miserably in finding someone to share my worldview. The other factor is that after many years of the household that i grew up in i always thought that making someone be so close to you is utter disaster so i didn't look for anyone anyway. After about a year after i moved out and a year from the time i write this i started to recover a bit by going out more and trying to be a less self-destructive person. Thats when i found out about my dads mental illness. Soon after my parents divorced which i don't blame them at all for because they should have done it much sooner in my opinion i started to notice similar behaviours in myself the same way my dad was behaving, which means that after making myself disgusted of a relationship , regaining hope , i got hit once again and this time i think for good. Because if i am truly sick which i will find out soon then that means i can never be in a relationship with anyone so i don't repeat the same mistakes my parents did. If i am going to be declared healthy on mind which i seriously doubt , then even if i recover(which is probably too late for) the thought that 1 day i might ruin the life of somebody i love (im 23, my dad developed his illness when he was 40) will be constantly in the back of my mind. I tried to fight it in many ways , i found a good job, i have many many good friends who have no idea whats happening to me , i tried to care and help with whats left of my family and i was strong for the past year , but i'm losing my strength , im crying more and more during nights, i wake up from vivid almost lifelike nightmares and everyday when i go to work i hope that a car hits me to end my suffering. I'm losing and i don't know how long i can keep this up. Fear is a strong and i think only factor that keeps me from doing it in my lowest points but i'm not a very fearful person and i always conquered my fears one after another , for example to tackle my fear of heights i went bungee jumping so you can see what kind of a person i am. My family is ruined , i don't have anyone that i can talk to comfortably or share my thoughts so i guess i do it here since we'll probably never meet. This is a situation that has no resolutions for me and im in it for a long time now. Far too long to remain bearable and not paralyzing. I don't even know what i want from this post to be honest but what do i have to lose? nothing.