My past suicides thought are all caused by my familyThis is the 5th time I have suicide thought and attempting it. All 5 times because of the family I love and hate. My parents are nice, especially my mom, she is too nice that I sometimes take advantage of but I love her. 

My parents had an argument over money two nights ago, and I have been on vsed since then. I havent talk with my mom since then and I feel guilty. I hate her for being so nice to me, I hate the fact that my parents stopped talking to each other but i also love them. I have enough of life, i definitely will miss my life after i leave.

Everything started out with my uncles mental illness, my moms brother. He refuse to take medicine once a while and thinks he helped everyone out and everyone is mistreating him. This is not true, i view him as a piece of human trash that is lazy and worthless life. He has gotten better before and he got married. But after he got married, he became even worse of a person. That was the point when my dad decides to stop helping him, he helped him for over 3 years. The first incident was when he was at our house and flip the table over while we had dinner. My dad and him got into a fight, my mom crying helplessly and i was being an useless son who couldnt anything. I was 13 at that time, my heart was pounding at a very fast rate and i hated that feeling. I hated it and that was my first time having suicide thought.

My mom still has been helping out that worthless uncle. We are a very low income family, and has to financially support a mentally ill person, the burden was all on my moms shoulder, but i hated my him and i hated my mom for helping him out. Last year at the same time i had suicide thought. My uncle is perfectly fine when hes at home like a lazy bum who sleeps 12 hrs a day and all he does is eat and sleep. When he goes to work, he started to act a crazy person and gets fired after a day or 2. My parents had a fight again because my dad cant tolerate him anymore, i was 17.

This year right now. My uncles wife owe my family 5k which she promised to pay back 2 years ago. My dad mentioned it 2 nights ago and called my mom a liar cause she was the one who lend the money to my uncles wife. I dont blame my dad but it broke my moms heart. I didnt feel anything when i heard my mom crying, i was dead inside because i cant deal with this anymore. Maybe because i grew up in a nice family.that spoiled me to not even been able to tolerate things like this. But i just cant deal with this anymore. I hate my mom for helping him out but i also feel sorry for her for having to carry all the burden herself. I think myself as useless human being, who cant even help out his own mom that raised him for 18 years.

This may be my last time posting on reddit. I will remember my past 18 years, even if i quit vsed, i probably wont post anymore. Right now i dont find a meaning to life, i still do what i do everyday, but im refusing food and water