I (21m) dont know how I can further improve from what ive already done
I am too ugly to date and it has been such a frustrating and demoralizing experience. I’ve done everything in my power to fix it, I’ve lost 80 pounds, I bought all new clothes, I bought a car, I’ve held a job down for over a year, I go to college, none of this even matters. I’m still so ugly that it just doesn’t make sense for any woman to settle for me when they can find anyone with the same traits as myself but aren’t repulsive.

I’ve been on tinder (paying for gold since March), bumble, okcupid, and hinge since October and between all of those apps I have around 10 matches combined between them and 0 dates. I’ve had my friends take pictures of me, help me write a bio, and I had my friends who are girls who are pretty experienced with dating apps look over my profiles, but none of that matters if you’re as ugly as me. I’ve asked out girls in person as well, the last three were people I would consider good friends of mine and they all three said yes. Not a single one of them showed up and not a single one of them told me beforehand that they weren’t coming, I’m not worth the effort I guess.

I’m very good with people, I have two different friend groups who invite me out to be the “funny guy”. I have lots of girls who are great friends with me but when I ask them out they want nothing to do with me. For example, I’ve asked three girls who were good friends with me in the last 6 or 7 months and they’ve all said yes, each time they’ve seemed very excited to go out with me but out of all of those times none of them even told me they weren’t coming, I’m not even worth knowing that you don’t want to see me, I’m worthless.

I don’t even have anyone I can turn to, even my mom and sister told me that despite losing 80 pounds that I’m still a 2/10. What else am I supposed to do at this point? I’d get plastic surgery but I’ll never be able to afford it. I just feel like my only purpose is to be an inconvenience to women who are looking for men who aren’t subhuman vermin. I don’t even have a career to look forward to because I decided that it would be a good idea to take on lifelong debt for a fucking history degree. It feels like I have nothing to look forward to, poverty? Being alone forever?

What do I do?

I’ve been in therapy since March