I only have 1.5 year left.So i set my goal. Get an girlfriend and "to get on the good way to good work" i mean by it that just learn new things and try to get an education required for my job. If i will complete one of these i will not suicide but i have only 1.5 year left. I'am not getting bullied. Everyone will say i have normal life but i have one hidden secret. I'am lonely AS FUCK! I want to feel real love i want to feel that someone cared for me even for a week. I have like 7 friends. But none of them are real friends. I miss those old days when i didint cared. I feel so sad when i see someone holding hands, kissing, hugging. Its just so depressing for me. Theres so little you can do to make someone day better. Just a hug, a short conversation or a smile would made my day 10000% better. I never felt a love. My parents only pretended but now i know they dont care. I'am just trying so hard to make someone really like me. I'am trying to talk to her trying to go out on a walk anything. But i always get a response something like: i have no time or just no, i'am so sad, i think every girl i asked to go out  (there wasnt much like 6 or less) on a walk or something nothing serious not a date just to meet and talk, refused. Same with my male friends always have a response no time. I just dont know what to do. I really want a hug righ now i feel so alone after today i seen that guy from my class hugging those girls at the goodbye. I tried reading this how to get a girl to like me thing. And i started reading and what i first saw was: 1. **Remember the last time you fell in love. I just didint**. So i closed it and started crying. I work so fucking hard. i'am training, trying to improve my "inside" i'am learning new things to have what to talk about but still so effort i put didint give me anything i wanted: even one day that i really feel like someone is loving me or caring about me. I wish i could have someone that will understand me or someone that i can hug just like that. I feel so lost so alone. So i have 1.5 year. To complete my goal, to even for a second feel someone that loves me. If i wont complete it i'am going to kill myself. Overwhelmed by my loneliness. if someone is in similar situation please message me. Sorry but i needed to let it out and english is not my main lang so sorry for mistakes. If i make any better or worse i will post an edit or something. I'am crying right now i wish someone hugged me and thanks for reading this.