I'm 26 this year from Singapore, happy to have experienced many things in life but I wish I succeeded in my suicide attempt 10 years ago.I’ve always been depressed from a young age. My parents were verbally abusive; my mother in particular was borderline insane and used really mean words on me. She was bullied by her coworkers when she was young, I can’t help but feel that she just needed to vent all her pent-up frustration on a poor, defenceless child. In a way I feel that it’s my fault I caused her even more stress but I wish I was never born to this family.

My parents gave me a weird name that was mispronounced everywhere, even my primary school teachers made fun of it. I still have terrible memories of that creeping anxiety when a new teacher reads all names off the class list and gets to mine – when they certainly pronounce it wrong, drawing laughter from the whole class. When I cried, I was only sent to the principal’s office and told not to be so sensitive.

I could never make friends in class. Everyone avoided me because I was so quiet. I was the weird kid who became the “class plague” and the butt of everyone’s jokes. My parents never realized I was depressed, they just broke me further and screamed at me when my grades declined.

I was referred to a psychiatrist by a teacher’s advice. Instead of being concerned, my parents were furious. “I didn’t raise you to be crazy! I didn’t raise you to be mentally ill! Why can’t you just be normal?!”

One day, I couldn’t take it anymore. I downed all the pills I was given, at one go. I was so certain I would be at peace, but I only woke up the next day feeling absolutely horrible. My mind was awake, but my entire body felt limp and powerless. I struggled to drag myself to the toilet to throw up. I cried so hard, I was miserable that my attempt to escape pain failed.

I tried to be normal – being conscripted for mandatory 2 years of military service kind of helped me break out of my socially awkward shell. I slowly began making friends and integrating into society. I never could keep my friends though – they all drifted away soon enough.

 Now here I am, 26 years old, a university dropout, working a low-paying job, lonely and depressed as f\*\*\* and wishing I was never born. Feeling useless at seeing people my age growing up in loving families, experiencing happiness and living comfortable lives.

I’m too much of a coward to leap off a building, afraid of choking on a rope, don’t have a car to poison myself with CO, and sure as hell not gonna stab myself. I can only wish euthanasia was legal in my country.