Needy bitch looking for reasons to live**Edit:** *I honestly feel so humble this has had the amount of comments it has, thank you all so much for listening to this attention whore rant for england. Your kindness has really helped me. Now go comment on a post of someone who needs it more than I do! &gt;.&lt;
&amp; I will reply to all the new comments in the morning, you lovely people &lt;3*

First, some background. 20yr old little girl with history of depression and 2/3 shitty failed suicide attempts. 

Lots of things have happened recently. I shall summarise my shitty life:

1) Parents have split up after 22+ years of marriage but are keeping me in the dark about a lot and have been fuelling my bad self-esteem most of my life. Mum is a pilates (like yoga) teacher and my dad is a windsurfer, very fit/active/skinny. Me, I weigh the same as my dad (5" 9') but im as short (5"1'). You get the idea, im pretty fat. Borderline obese/overweight actually, no word of a lie.

2) I hate myself - personality, body, attitude, everything. I loathe me.

3) my brother has a grudge against me

4) I am steadily losing friends, making more enemies every day

5) bullied most of childhood, yadda yadda.

6) My lecturers tell us how scriptwriters (my aspiring career) get fucked over, not paid, etc etc, basically how bleak our future is looking.

Already got doubly intoxicated this evening, didn't help numb the sheer pain of living right now. What the hell have I got to live for. I screw relationships up so bad, my ex tells a stranger a year after we went out how i'm a "psycho bitch" (his words, not mine, darling). I wonder why xyz hasn't talked to me for a while, then I realise that it's cause i'm an insufferable cow. I feel like my counseller doesn't take me seriously anymore, she batted away my words when I told her how much i can't stand myself.

I want to die so much. just watched a horror film and seeing the violence makes me think how easy it would be to kill myself. I've tried before, pathetically, but maybe this time it would work. Every time someone mentions Christmas or going home I want to hide in a hole, I don't have a home to go back to. My childhood home is sold to someone else, my Dad is travelling all over for work, Mum said don't plan on being at hers. I am dreading the end of this Uni term. I am dreading the end of Uni full stop, wtf am I going to do with my crappy life?? Why the fuck would anyone want to make a film with me, let alone watch it? what is the fucking point of labouring over a loving script just for some asswipe director to shit all over it and say "hey, that's how this industry goes, kid"?? WHAT IS THE POINT OF LIVING. Someone stop me before I go for a knife.