My parents and psychiatrist team up.If an outsider(who is not my family) appreciate/like me more than my family does.

If outsider said I'm good, but a family said I'm asshole, useless and burden. 

&amp;#x200B;

So I like to talk with who is not my family. and then my family said no one loves you like us, they(outsider) lie to you. 

only us care about you, but they are the one who keeps hurt me like this. 

confront not helping, I tried to use law and ask help from social service since I was a teenager. 

my parents win, psychiatrist afraid of the law and side up with parents give me misdiagnosed, 

&amp;#x200B;

the family told other people I'm a liar, and crazy so I couldn't find for help. 

my family said if a useless girl like me want to be free from them. 

I should get married to a rich guy so they will get the bride price. 

They even trying to search for a man, So I announce myself as a lesbian. 

they feel shame about having a gay child, and want me to shut up. 

but whenever they talk about to marry, forced me to, I start saying out loud that I'm gay in public. 

So they stop say anything and tried to stop me. 

&amp;#x200B;

Today as well, mother made me cry since I wake up. 

Ironic the person who claim only they love me, and outsider won't love me. 

They said outsider is the liar, But I prefer liar than them. 

&amp;#x200B;

I can't deal with them by law since psychiatrist and his co-work team up with parents. 

I tried my best to be alive to function normally but they never saw it, they still yell at me, 

"useless, failure, burden, unloveable" So this is love they said? Love is terrible. 

Maybe I should just die, I can't be free anyway law won't help. 

I failed at attempt many times, so I know how to do it right(to really die) but I'm not sure If I have enough courage to do it, it hurt. 

If they said, I'm useless and a burden I should just die, this is good for everyone. 

&amp;#x200B;

they said I'm an asshole so I'm better off dead, so this world getting better by have less asshole. 

I'm crying typing and they stare at me, but they couldn't read English. 

So they just angry assume I made them a bad guy.  
This world won't be suck if people who able to use law help me, and do the right thing.  
I lost my faith in humans because what they did not because I have a negative view,  
you hurt me, and if told someone you hurt me, I'm a crazy liar?  
how could I live like this?  
I just trying to have a nice day, but wake up and got called useless burden.  
For them who have a mental illness just weak and lazy  
I should just die, even someone call hospital,  
I already tried to get help and seeing as a lying bitch who frames parents.

I tried to stop myself, and they ask if I try to commit suicide

if I say yes, they annoyed like I'm attention seeker drama Queen

Should I just lie that I'm fine, So I'm a healthy person, not attention seeking and not crazy and deserve love?