basically a long blogpost. i think i've got some pretty good reasons to off myself, see if you think otherwiseI'm at the end of the line folks, although i would like to hear what you lads would have to say. personally i think i've done a good job making it as long as i have

Blogpost explanation bit: 

So on top of the usual cocktail of anxiety, depression, substance abuse (chemically addicted to 4-5 thing, some prescribed some not), and the fact that i dropped out of school as a highschool freshman &amp; haven't had elongated social interaction since (bout 7 years. job doesnt count), i've had a chronic disease since i was a baby; IBD which turned to Crohn's Disease after my large intestine was removed &amp; ulcers kept popping up in the replacement small intestine. Because of this, I have two choices; first option is a connected j-pouch w/ pouchitis with little to no remission relative to other people with j-pouches (i've developed antibodies to the hard-hitting immunosuppressants i.e Remicade since i was pumped full of the stuff when i was a kid. because of this i'm likely to die in extreme pain sometime in my 30s-40s once meds stop working regardless), meaning constant diarrhea, constantly shitting the bed at night, near-constant internal pain, &amp; constant fear of a stricture or other complications leading to more extreme pain. The other option is an ostomy &amp; ostomy bag, which due to the fact that i have a scar indent 3/4 of an inch deep &amp; 4 inches long in my abdomen from about a dozen surgeries as a child, such bag leaks constantly without a ton extra adhesive, thus i have to put on more adhesive, leading to a \~3"x\~3" diameter circle of what is basically a painful fungus infection that's especially raw thanks to the acidic nature of shit (anti-fungal things can hamper it, but it is never not-painful), which then in turn leads to a) extreme pain upon taking a shower, touching it, or applying a new bag, and b) pain if i bend in the wrong goddamn direction or sleep at any angle other than a slight lean to my right. yes, this issue has been brought up to both wound care nurses as well as my relevant doctor. they can’t do anything more for me

right now, due to a stricture, i'm stuck with an ostomy. without active intervention (monthly endoscopies with balloon dilation of the area) intestinal fluid will pool above said stricture, eventually leading to an internal expansion &amp; thus mind-rending pain - speaking from experience... and due to covid-19 such operations have stopped. as a guess i have about a half-year. i have absolutely negative desire to have my condition passed onto a kid, and at this point i've informed my parents of my intentions - yes of course they've tried to help, and i appreciate their efforts despite how futile they are, but at this point i believe that keeping myself alive for the sake of others is, for lack of a better word or phrase, simply not worth it. 

&amp;#x200B;

Relevant bit:

I think it's obvious to anyone that anxiety + little to no social interaction + constant fucking pain nearly every second of the day + multiple addictions due to the aforementioned things tends to make a man suicidal. i'd prolly be a psychologist's fucking field day. i've picked a nice area in the woods, although it's near to a road so that first responders don't have to go through too much effort - i plan to call 911 before killing myself in order to streamline things, despite the possible risk. But the main thing i have yet to decide upon is whether i should go with 7.62 to the head (unfortunately meaning that none of my family members would want to keep my rifle), 9mm to the head (unlikely but possible for me to become a vegetable rather than dying), or an exit bag(have to wait on the materials, can't be transported by car, higher risk of failure than the other two). 

other things i have yet to decide upon are: i don't know whether i should drive to the place in question or walk. driving would mean that my family would have trouble getting my car back. walking might get the cops called on my ass if i decide 7.62 to the head, it would be impossible if i decide on exit bag, and also it'd give me too much time to back out. another thing; i've drafted a suicide letter to my family &amp; i've planned out a short post for the chat servers i frequent, but i'm still trying to think of something to give to the first responders, either a means of apology or something to make them laugh; either a "sorry for the mess" letter or some joke or something, maybe both. 

more or less, i'd most appreciate opinions on the above question regarding what i should leave for the first responders.