The Problem Is Me.I've been kinda getting more serious about my depression. I'm an asian sixteen year old male from the U.S and in my senior year of high school (I'm born really late). I have seen a counselor at my school once about my depression (a teacher brought me there when I told her about being depressed), but I had to lie to her when she asked me if I had ever made any actual plans for suicide. Lately I've been feeling more alone and isolated. I used to talk to my friend about my depression and suicidal thoughts since we both had them, but I drifted from her, which I'm completely fine and happy with. I tried talking to my other friend about it and at first she did make me feel a bit better and like I actually mattered, but she's kinda bad at comforting people. I mean she tried so that's what's important, but I've tried so many times to get to know her better, but I'm failing at it. She's two grades below me and she has her own group of friends. They have their own skype group which I can't join due to one of them not being able to join the call if there are more than 8 people. I try to get in and hopefully be able to know them better I guess, but it's hard to break into a already formed cliche. They always go out and have fun, which is expected, but I feel so alone whenever they make plans in front of me and I'm not even mentioned, just there. Recently I showed my friend a cool new asian all you can eat restaurant and she said she wasn't really interested. A week later she tells me they're going to eat at that restaurant and I just give a fake laugh and smile while saying an exaggerated "WOOOW" and "fuck you guys lol" in a light tone to disguise how sad I felt. About a month or two we went to the movies and mall with a group of friends and the whole time I felt so alone (I made the plans to go). I was mostly talking to my friend "blank" because he didn't know any of them. After watching the movie we were supposed to wait and hang out at gamestop until we got picked up, but I just couldn't take it anymore and just walked into the mall and hid. I got a few missed calls from my friend and an angry text from her asking why I ran off. I pretty much just told her that it would have been better if I had just not went and they would have more fun without me. This continued on for a short while with me saying that I was pretty sure they would have more fun without me. She got even more pissed at me because she thought I was playing the "pity card". I actually meant what I said because I don't value myself that much when I'm depressed. I was pretty sure our friendship was going to die that day because that's similar to what happened with the other girl I was close with, but it survived and we pretty much just said what we thought. Tbh I fretted so much to see if I was playing the pity card, I spent an hour looking online about it and depression. I'm pretty smart and logical so I'm pretty sure I wasn't. I kind of want to die. I'm kinda making plans to kill myself by -------, I'm aware of all the risks, but I've hit the point where I see no upside anymore. I think I'd rather be dead than feel so alone even though I'm surrounded by friends. I've tested several times where I would go a week without starting a conversation with my friends and see who would actually start a conversation instead of me always starting it. The result was no one. No one messaged or tried starting a conversation with me. The movies and testing for people to start conversations all take place during summer vacation. I'm not "depressed" right now, but I just feel like I should be writing here right now.

If you read all of this, thank you, and I hope you have a good day or night!