Stuck in the wheel, I am tired of my life and constant fight. Born low, die low.In last few weeks every single day before going to sleep I have one thought: "I want to die". And I won't do it, at least soon, I am aware that from suicidal thoughts long way to acts, I am familiar with psychology behind it, however I am very worried of destination where I am heading to. I am feeling bad and tired of constant fighting for myself and my life. 

Frankly speaking I have quite interesting life, I have travelled a lot, I lived in few different countries (I am living in Europe), I met amazing people and experienced tons of adventures. I even made true few of my dreams. So what's wrong? 
1. I am financially broke. Literally, I have something around 30/40 British pounds and that's all. Ah, and dozens of books if I can put value on it. Relative of mine died few weeks ago and I needed to leave a place where I was a volunteer and get to my hometown. I lost a lot of money, most of my savings. Besides that suddenly one of my friends is moving out and sent me 2 big boxes of my own stuff which I was keeping at his place - and of course asks for money. Christmas are coming and I have nothing to buy or prepare for at least my nieces and nephews. (number 6) I am staying at my parent's home and I hate this place. It's literally a bastion of conservative Catholicism and nationalism. They are in debts too, so are not able to help me financially anyhow, well, it was always like this. The only reason why I am not studying now is because they weren't able to help me. The atmosphere here is so dense that I can't stand it, I am feeling like suffocating, hopeless and paralysed. Oh, even fucking food is disgusting, all our diet is cheap meat based, I am skinny, I was always skinny - but about it later on. I suppose it affects my mood too. Of course you can say: ok, you can go to work for couple of months and get some money and leave the place behind. Problem is as I said I am feeling tired of everything and paralysed. I have ideas etc. but the only thing which I really want is lie on a bed and try to not think or feel. Fuck. Even if I would find a job it would be some low-skill shit where employees are treated like working animals not humans. I used to work in a restaurant and in customer service, both works were more than terrible for introvert like me. What about my education and qualifications? Heh... here is another problem.

2. I finished IT technician school and... my first work was as a graphic designer. Problem is I am shitty graphic designer, I had few others design-related jobs and definitely it is not what I am good at. I am creative but visuals and making art is not my thing. Rest of my work experience is some low-skill shit without any perspective on moving on. As a volunteer I had some more organisational duties, social media and... children care. Anyway it was nice and something what I enjoyed but obviously it was not paid and the experience doesn't seem to move me anywhere neither. So I am just fucked, I tried with travel blogging but that doesn't make money for most of the bloggers and I don't have any special content to make a social career on it. The only thing which I was always wanted to study is archaeology, yes, yes, another "McDonald degree" but that academic field is something what I was enjoying, I have been to couple of excavations and loved it, I have few archeo friends... but well, to work as a archaeologist you need to have a degree. To enter the university you need to have either high scores from school or a lot of money... sorry, you need most of the time both. And my biggest problem was always the latter, If I had money I had no time for formalities, when I had time I had no money. I had a plan to study in Netherlands next year, it sounded doable for me, I had some nice perspectives back then. My volunteering boss for a moment found a way to bring money for volunteering from European program, she said that I am doing good job there and she would give me most of the money she get on me to let me study next yeear... and shit happened, we didn't get on the program for "technical difficulties". And then mentioned earlier funeral happened. To be able to study in Netherlands I need to take English language tests and pay a application fee. That's not much but at the moment beyond my reach so plans for studies apparently move to fucking 2018. You know for how long I plan the studies? Every fucking single year since 2013. Always something, money or life situation or other unpredictable shit happened. Of course it's not like just fate/bad luck fucked me hard anally, it is as well my stupid life choices, especially those related to... yes... it is gonna be cheesy... 

3. Love. Fuck, I have only two needs in my life, two fucking things which I want to accomplish in this stupid life. It's becoming an archaeologist and... finding a girlfriend. I never had a girlfriend in my life, I had sex but never proper girlfriend. There was only one person in my whole life who said that she loved me... heh... my ex boss, who is 37 yo, works as a teacher in school and having a child. I made true dreams of many teenagers, unfortunately it was never my dream. What is my biggest problem with finding anyway? Being unattractive, not only physically but as well socially. I mean who would go after broke, bad looking guy? And what's wrong with my appearance? Well many things, I am skinny (very skinny) ginger with vision problems, with small kyphosis, with bad teeth (not as terrible but need to put a... yes.... money for care), extended chin (however I am able to hide it by having a beard). Of course appearance is not everything, I read tons of psychological literature on the topic of attractiveness and love, I know well Helen Fisher, Robert Epstein etc. I am introverted with some strangely developed social skills, in school times I was that one guy who you would rather expect to do a school rampage than achieve successful social life. Things changed though, I fixed many things in my life, I am looking much better, I have much better thoughts about myself but still some things are not easily overcome for example my weight, I am struggling for long time to get to average. Unfortunately all of those steps don't give me any luck with love life. I had something around 10 loved ones in my life and in every single case it ended up in friendzone, one person said even that I am intellectually arousing but she would not like to have sex with me. Do I have high standards? And yes and no, enough is to be my hight, similar weight and being able to maintaining more sophisticated conversation. I found one particular person who stuck in my mind and don't want to leave. I met one girl who I feel is very similar to me on the emotional ground. Intelligent, clever, emotional, somehow shy... and yes, fucking everything didn't end up well, we are in contact for years, talking almost every day and I felt a need to express my emotions two times already, of course got rejected but we are bouncing to each other from time to time. I try to not focus myself on her, it's clear case, I don't believe in "special one", just I feel the biggest connection to her from all the people which I met in my life, that's it. Ok, I said love is a thing which somehow contributed to my misery. Of course, because I am stupid idiot who is able to put all the available time for someone, to make something or get something. Instead of pursuing lost case I could learn something more useful, but not me. Forget, I almost lost one of my previous jobs because I needed to help someone. (it was kind of serious though). 


Ahrr, I just want to get over this shit and kill myself. I feel like my life is lost case, yes, I could improve stuff but still I will be way behind everyone else. I don't know why I am writing this, I need to just get rid of all the dust which I carry inside myself. I tried to be brief as possible so I didn't include many other important factors and things. 