I Post Too Much On Reddit.**Tom if you ever see this.. Because we both know we are on Reddit. You broke me. I want you to know that if I do finally leave, it's because of you.**

I probably do, and people are going to think I whine too much. The thing is I hate this, and I hate that people are just going to think that I'm just some kid who is asking for attention. Well, maybe I am because I really need someone to please stop the pain.

It's so stupid how I'm so affected by this, but this isn't the first time. I've been hurt so many times, I've been through so much shit that I don't think I deserve this. The final time I put my faith and hopes into someone, and the time that I thought that maybe God really does exist because something good is finally happening to me, and I'm just treated as a joke. I want to stop this pain.

I need someone to please help me talk to him. I would do anything to have him back. I don't know where he is, or if he even thinks about me. I've been in bed for 3 weeks, crying and sleeping 16 hours a day. Clinging onto that hope that he might care one day. But that hope is dashed, and now I have nothing. Nobody to turn to. I just want so much help and I want everything to be fixed.

Right now, I'm so scared that I am able to smell the grey. I wish that someone could understand and help me.




"Hi Tom.

I told you that I never get into relationships, and I told you exactly why. You persisted, asking me to give you a chance. I said, leave me alone for a couple of weeks - You gave me 30 minutes. You finally broke me in, and I fell for you. That was my first mistake.

We met and we got so close from the get-go. I trusted you in understanding what I was going through, because you said you went through the same thing as well. You said if I ever ended this, to do it face-to-face, so I could take it out on you. You said if I ever wanted to hurt myself, to hurt you instead. I cried because I thought you loved me so much and that it was truly special.

I trusted you to handle me the way you said you would and I trusted you when you said we're going to be together forever. You told me that you never felt this connection with anyone else before, and so many other things. You built this image up for yourself, and made me believe in you.

That was my other mistake. You really broke me this time, Tom.
It was one argument. A silly argument. Yes, it was my fault and that I started it, but what I don't get is how you could tell me that you love me one day, and then not the next. Over one ridiculous argument. People don't just 'not love' someone they said they do all of a sudden. People forgive and try to work things out, unless it's something undeniably serious. Or maybe that's just me who chooses to see the good in people, and who holds so much hope.

I thought that perhaps I could take the time off to fix myself and change myself for you and we could work things out when you're feeling better. Turns out we weren't on a break and never was. Turns out you don't want to be with me, never want to be with me. But then, you "don't know what will happen in the future". I'm not an option, Tom. I'm someone who is putting herself out there for you. I don't want to be an option.

I trusted you to understand and listen to me but you just get pissed off all the time and it hurts.

You say that I'm fighting against you and who you are, and that I can't make you into a perfect being of my own. I trusted you to listen to me tell you how much I wanted to change for you so you'd want me again.
You say that me saying that I will change doesn't mean anything to you. I trusted you to give me a chance to show you. But that isn't who you are, you said.

You say you loved me. I trusted you to love me.

You accuse me of being a liar; someone you can't trust; a narcissist; someone who wants to change you. But you know what, Tom? You're the liar. You're the person who I shouldn't trust. You're the narcissist. You're the stubborn one who refuses to understand how much I want this to work.

You lied about loving me, and you lied about everything you told me about yourself. You're not the caring person I thought you were, who'd be there for me no matter what. So don't call me the liar.

I've been nothing but honest with you, and somehow, I'm the one that you can't trust? I never say anything that I cannot commit to. When I say something, I keep to it. If anything, you're the one who I can't trust. I put all my faith in you and you just break it. Who's the untrustworthy one now?

I'm the narcissist? You say I care too much about my looks. See where we're going now? I trusted you to listen when I told you about my low-self esteem. Did you? No. In fact, if anything, you're the narcissist. You're the one who always wants to be right, and you're the one who's always 'rational'. You're the one who 'has to be you' and if I say anything that disagrees with you, I'm wrong and I'm disrespecting you. You refuse to recognise that maybe you're the one being ridiculous now, and that instead of trying to fix things, you're just too high up on your narcisstic pedestal to see things. You've always put people down, and I've always laughed along with you. Now I see how much you are concerned only with your own ideals and thoughts.

Finally, it's truly laughable how you say I'm trying to change you into my "perfect guy". Really, that shows you how oblivious you are. Blinded by your ownself. The thing is, I loved you for all your flaws and all your issues. I embraced them, thinking that perhaps one day in the future, we'd work through them and I'd be supporting you every step of the way. Now I see that you're just happy in your own depression, and your own loneliness and hatred for everything. You don't need someone to be there for you - You just want someone there to tell you that you're perfect just the way you are and that you never ever have to change. Sadly, Tom, I'm that naive person who would have put up with you sporadically not feeling anything for me, or with you complaining about life and telling me about how nobody likes you.

The sad part is that I cry whenever I think about you telling me about how nobody likes you, and that you feel numb all the time. I genuinely thought that maybe, one day, I'll help you get better. I see now that the problem is with you.

You're too caught up with your ownself and refuse to accept anything else. No matter how hard I try, or how much I care, this was bound to happen. Some might even say this is inevitable, and the most I could have done was to delay it.

Thank you Tom, for finally breaking the person who took a chance in Love, even when she didn't want to. You really killed me this time. Thank you for teaching me that loving someone for all their flaws is the worst thing that someone could do.

Thank you for teaching me that to Love is the biggest mistake anyone could make.
I should wish you the best, and that you remain happy in your existence without ever letting me love you, but I won't. I don't have the capacity to be noble anymore.

I wish you the worst, and I hope you grow to regret your decision, so you'll finally know what it means to think about 'what could have been'."