Feeling trapped (ramble)Sorry for the wall of text but... honestly, I feel like a huge loser. Living at home at 28 (anxiety), no friends after the only two I had moved away, unable to visit them because I'm too anxious to go alone and they have kids so they can't come much. My parents have a mostly negative mindset and I'm stuck with it all the time. It's like they've just given up on people; it's depressing how them vs us it is. For me, they're probably the best example of how not to be. 


Anyway, my car needs repairing so I can no longer leave anytime I want so through that I feel even more trapped. I feel weird because I've never had a 'real' job. I dropped out of school and just sort of drifted for years. I would do courses (and drop out of a lot of them) and eventually through centrelink, be made to volunteer which honestly was sometimes kind of good because at least I was getting out of the house and meeting people (even if a majority of the time they were old ladies and rarely anyone my own age). I was cut off from centrelink for some misunderstanding and decided to just stay off it for awhile. I was sick of the shame of my job network patronizing me by explaining at our fortnightly appointments why I needed to get a job and being forced into a number of pointless courses and activities by them (I'm guessing the aim was to piss me off so I'd be motivated to find work). The very worst was when my consultant told me my name had come up at one of their meetings since I had been with them for years and they were wondering what to 'do' about me.


I feel too overwhelmed by the idea of having an ordinary job and was lucky to get onto some freelance stuff through my sister... but it isn't enough. Since being off centrelink, I've tried upwork. I went there thinking I would do transcription like my other job then after seeing all the graphic design related jobs decided I would try those since that actually interests me and has always been my thing. But no one's hired me. It's honestly made me feel pretty shit, especially when I've given, what I've thought to be good examples. In the end I've literally just done some of the jobs and given them a watermarked version but I either get no response or a no. Actually, I've only gotten one no and it led me to look for alternatives. So I found design competition sites where a client posts a brief and everyone designs it then they pick their favourite and pay you. After googling it to see if it was legit, a lot of designers had plenty to say about it, namely that it isn't fair, is ruining the graphic design business, ect. But I feel like I have no other options and to me it's good money so I gave one a try. It seemed like it might be easy. I found two websites like this, one with a lot of intimidatingly good designs, the other one a bit more amateur-ish. The one I entered in particular had a lot of clip art-y looking entries so I felt confident. I still realised that obviously the client might say no so it wasn't like I was pinning all my hopes on this but it stung a bit when he 'eliminated' me and basically said he liked the concept but no.


Because I'm petty, I'm still keeping an eye on it and since that site is terrible with removing contests that are finished, I'll be able to see who wins but seeing some of the.. honestly bad designs he's kept up, I'm wondering why I'm even bothering. I spent hours designing a poster for this person. If he chooses something someone made in paint after like 5 minutes, I'm a huge idiot. I kind of get the designer's complaints more now, even though I want to try again with another contest. I can see how continually doing this with no reward would be soul-crushing but I don't know what else I can do. My sister warned me it would be difficult to survive off freelancing and I'm getting that. I had just really hoped I could get my foot in the door, even just with simple photo editing or something but I feel invisible when no one replies to me. Like I'm not good enough at even the simplest shit (like brightening a picture or something). I think in reality it's just that there are so many others offering proposals and they have experience on the site.


Tonight, the thing my mum said that sent me into a depressive spiral was asking if I'm going back on centrelink soon since I need a regular income. I said I'm trying really hard with the freelancing stuff... and it just sucks because for awhile, I was too scared to give it a try and now I am and it seems to be a case of too little too late. To that my mum said it wasn't looking very promising and after that she went to bed and I basically sat there for ages feeling shit about myself. Don't get me wrong, she's actually been really encouraging with me finding work online... but I guess it's been a little too long for her and she's fed up with not getting regular board money anymore (maybe it's negative of me to think that way but I sort of think that's what it comes down to with her, I know she was relying on me for that money and she hasn't been shy about saying it. And yeah, fair enough I guess).


It scares me how I can just fall into depressive episodes like this. Lately, I'm generally cheerful day to day yet something 'triggers' me and I just start wondering what the point is. Then I hate myself for even considering it and because I know I'll never actually kill myself, or even try and I'll just continue to be trapped in this house feeling pathetic and alone for years. Sometimes I wonder how so many years have passed and I'm still living like this. The scariest realisation I had was that the world won't wait for me and if I don't change anything, this will continue to be my reality. But I don't know HOW to change. Everything is just so overwhelming. Everyone else seems so normal... like they just know how to exist. I know there's that whole thing people say where they grow up and realise their parents didn't know how to be adults either and we're all just learning as we go but I'm not even on that level, I feel like just being here takes so much effort where most other people breeze along. I feel sub-human a lot of the time. I can fake it so well I don't think anyone even understands there's an issue. But I don't think it's normal to fantasize about being dead whenever something goes wrong or occasionally wonder why I'm even bothering with anything. My mind is just so loud. I can quieten it for awhile but when something sets me off, I feel really scared about the things I start to think. I'm a lot calmer now just getting this out but I know how easy it is to slip into this way of thinking again... sorry for the length, I just needed to get that out of my system.