I can't pretend anymore....tl;dr my roommate is an asshole who is no longer content with the agreement we made when I moved in with him, keeps threatening to ship me back to my abusive mother who I moved in with him to get away from in the first place, and instead of telling me something as important as our financial aid got cut off last night when it happened waited until we were fighting this morning to yell it at me and then blame me because of all the stress he's under. And it's making me feel like actually killing myself for the first time in over a decade.

The long version;

I'm clearly not wanted here. I told him point blank when I moved in that I have several diagnosis that label me disabled both physically and mentally, and I've applied for disability twice only to be denied and don't have the funds now to try a third time. I told him that I cannot work a regular job, so unless he was willing to put his social network here to use since I don't have one and help me find something I wouldn't be able to work. We made the agreement that I'd be a live-in maid, and I said hell yeah and have been keeping up my end of the deal ever since 100%.

But in these past 8 months, he's clearly grown tired of that. He says my disabilities are an 'excuse' for me to be 'lazy'. He says I could work if I tried, but he hasn't been in my shoes. The last 2 retail positions I held led to a) repeated mental breakdowns in the middle of the store during my shift for things like a customer yelling at me or a co-worker being rude and b) so much pain that I literally came home, cried myself to sleep, woke up enough to shower and eat and then go back to work and rinse repeat. The short time I had those jobs I was miserable, I led a miserable existence and actually contemplated suicide for the first time since about 5 years earlier when I had actually seriously tried twice in a row. On top of that I was pretty much given the diagnosis of hey yeah, those mental breakdowns are bad for your mental health (they worsen my anxiety and depression) and oh that pain in your legs and feet means you're over stretching something and if you keep doing that you might end up in a wheelchair forever so no jobs like that if you care about your health.

But this is my fault, right? I'm giving out excuses. I'm lazy. I deserve to go back to the mother who verbally, mentally and emotionally abused me for over 27 years of my life (and who according to at least 4 separate therapists I saw is 99% likely the cause of my anxiety and depression in the first place) and whose actions caused me to try to kill myself twice in the past. I deserve to go back to her even though she made it plain to me that if my roommate ever saw fit to do that I'd be homeless because she would bring me 'home' only to kick me out again because she's not supporting me all my life. Or maybe I deserve to go into that bathroom in the room next to me, lock the door and run a bath in the tub and try again.

After all, my roommate could move back in with his parents if he didn't have to worry about me since they won't take me in too. I wouldn't be holding him back anymore, like he says all the time. I'd be one less expense he has to pay and hell, maybe he could even sell my stuff for a decent amount and that'd buy him enough time to find a job and all that. Just like my mom, he'd be better off I wasn't dragging him down all the time.