Suicidal for the first time in YEARSPlease tell me if this isn't allowed here and I'll remove it.  (Also posted to r / mentalhealth)

&amp;#x200B;

 

So I'm 19 years old, a female, and I just came to college in August 2018. I have struggled with mental illness since I was like 6th-ish grade. I started cutting when I got dumped by my first girlfriend. (I can't move on. It was so long ago but I've never moved on 100%) It wasn't to manipulate her or anything, it was just the only way I knew how to deal with the crushing heartbreak I felt. Things got worse. January of 2015, I took about 15 OTC sleeping pills; they didn't kill me. Things continued to get worse. My mother began to cheat on my father. Thanksgiving weekend 2015, my mother dragged me and my younger sister to her lover's house two hours away. I hated it. When we came back, my father pretty much knew but didn't say anything. Then, my mother, had me lie about our Christmas plans. With the threat of the impending nuclear meltdown that was my family, I took two bottles of OTC sleeping pills and waited to die. My parents found me but were going to leave me. My sister begged them to take me to the emergency room. I was hospitalized overnight in the emergency room before being sent to the loony bin for a week. I got out Christmas Eve, though my mother still dragged me down to her woman's house. I fought the urge to kill myself there, and started to actively try to get better

I got on some medicine and it was helping a little bit, but I moved states (for college) and I haven't been able to see a new psychiatrist so I've been out of meds for a couple months. I'm also terrified of going to the new doctor because I want to lose weight before I go. I don't want to be introduced to my psychiatrist as a fatty. I can tell already that I'm severely depressed, which I'm so fucking familiar with that I can handle it.

Two things are worrying me though. First off, for the first time since I'm starting to see things. I keep thinking I see/hear things that I know aren't there. I'm seeing people and not just shadows, but fully formed nightmare things. In class, in the window, in the shower. I'm always on edge, wondering when the next thing is gonna show up. And I swear I'm hearing animal noises and grunts and stuff.

Second of all, tonight I actually said out loud, for the first time since 2015, that I wanted to kill myself. I honestly don't think I ever got over passively wanting to die but I haven't thought or said that I actively wanted to make an attempt on my life since I was 16. And I just said it. I don't mean it, or at least I think I don't mean it right now.

Basically, I'm just at a loss right now. I'm terrified to go to the doctor and be branded as a fat ass (2014/2015ish I struggled with anorexia) but I also know that there's a possibility of severe relapse if I don't take care of this.

I'm just so scared and empty. I don't know what to do.