I’ve been lonely and depressed since middle school, and I sacrificed my social life in HS to go to an Ivy
I’ve been depressed for the majority of my life because of my disconnected family and how I have no siblings.  I grew up most of my life with on in person parent, while I was raised by the other over the phone because they work and live in another state.  As a result, I’m not a very social person and I struggled to make connections in my childhood and teenage years.  It’s also unfortunate that my childhood best friends are fuck bois who have criminal records.

Because of my low socio-economic background, I was motivated to work hard in high school to climb the social ladder and go to a prestigious school.  I sacrificed my social life as a result, especially taking the hardest possible course loads and a shit ton of time studying for the SAT.  I only hung out with friends outside of academics and extracurriculars maybe two times. That paid off, since now I’m attending an Ivy League school as a freshman.

However, I feel very isolated from my family members and it was only until recently I told them about my mental health problems.  Since middle school, I’ve told them absolutely nothing and I regret not telling them sooner.  

I have had a girlfriend once, but that was only in senior year of high school.  And it only lasted about 2 or 3 months before she broke up with me and started dating another guy within the next week.  She was the only person that I was able to connect since middle school with and made me confident in my social abilities.

I feel so broken.  I don’t feel very close to many people.  All I want in life is a girl friend, some one who I can connect with.  Someone who I can have fun with me, and someone who would always be there for me no matter what.  I’ve been on two dates recently, and I didn’t seem like I would be able to connect to them.  Im not sure if I would be able to find someone that would be perfect for me ;-;

And college has been kicking my fucking ass recently.  I haven’t been able to find much free time for my self, and it’s making my depression very bad.  I feel like I want to sleep forever and not have to wake up to any responsibilities.  No, I don’t have plans for suicide, but I do have suicidal thoughts almost every hour of my existence now.

Here is a summary of me:

I like to play video games, which I’ve been doing since childhood.  I have an Xbox One, but I haven’t been able to play it since I’ve been so busy with college.  I hadn’t played a video games in like a month, and that’s the longest I haven’t played a game for in my entire life.  However, I don’t feel joy when I play.  I only feel anger and sadness because I only care about winning. I also recently got into anime over the summer, and my favorite being re:zero and FMAB.  I like politics, and I want to go to law school and become an attorney.