I'm beyond hope ugly, so why *shouldn't* I end it?I'm revolting enough that every woman I've ever asked out has gotten angry that someone so ugly would bother. Not beautiful women, but women I thought were plain-looking or somewhat ugly too. One girl went out with me out of sheer pity, but she couldn't bear the ugliness after a few days and broke it off.

Even my mom reminds me of it every time I call. I'm 33, so she shows my headshot to prospective girls and their moms. She relays their extremely hurtful comments to me, and I am starting to think she knows how devastating it is to hear, and *wants* me to off myself. I realize the shame in being the only one of your friends whose son isn't married and has never had a girlfriend at 33. Financially I'm good, am average height, not fat, dress well, but my face, oh god.

Even when I avoid calling home and the awful thoughts start to go away, I'm bombarded with romance in almost every TV show or movie I watch, no matter how male-oriented. I'll be doing fine for weeks and then some love interest on the TV will send my mind into hysterics, never shutting up about dying. I might even just screw up at work, and my mind will just melt into a jumble of never-ending "boil yourself alive you ugly dumb fuck" thoughts.

I've tried hobbies, but the ones I've gotten into all involve people, and I can feel the disgust and hate, or sometimes sympathy, people have for me by looking at me - I've dealt with it my whole life, from being punched in the face and pinched as a toddler to being treated extremely coldly by teachers despite being extremely quiet and being top of my class. I even tried religion it's too fucking hard to get into paradise. I'd join my local Freemason Lodge but that involves a lot of speaking and it turns out I'm complete shit at that too.

Honestly the only thing stopping me, and it's quite big, is the work that'd go into it. I don't want anyone cleaning up the mess so it'd have to be in the ocean. And I'd have to clean out my apartment and find a place for everything. But lately I've been caring less about that all and a bottle of some illegal sedatives starts to sound pretty nice.

Surely there's some reason ugly people like me find to stay alive? How do they keep their mind off their ugliness? Any tips? Good hobbies where I can avoid the anxiety?