I’m really worried about my Mom, need helpOkay so this is gonna be super long (and apologies for formatting, I’m on mobile).

So on Friday morning after my mom left for work I was trying to sleep and a utility pole fell on our house (we live in a trailer park). A garbage truck got tangled in the wires and decided the best idea was to try to gun it out from under them and snapped the pole right outside of our house. It landed right over where I was sleeping (didn’t come through the roof but did cause some damage). 

I have generalized anxiety and panic disorder (also others but this is what matters now) as well as a fear of trees falling on houses so I was a wreck. We not only had the pole on our roof but we also had live wires all along it and the ground.

Long story short the garbage company is refusing to pay for us to stay anywhere else (we have no power and it’s in the 40’s and 30’s Fahrenheit) and the company who would come in and fix the pole can’t even appraise it until Monday (this all happened Friday) so my mom and I, who are on a tight budget as it is, have been trying to scrape by these past two nights.

Here’s where my concern comes from. My mom has been obviously depressed these past few nights and I’m doing all I can to not add on any stress or burden. But I’m an absolute mess. I can’t close my eyes without hearing the crack and bang the pole made when it broke and landed. I can’t stop feeling the house shake. I can’t stop feeling like I have to run. But I’m trying to hold all of that in so I don’t add to her stress, she’s got enough to worry about as it is.

Tonight, at the hotel we are staying at, I complained about not being able to be home. I started crying because everything hit me all at once. My mom told me I needed to be quiet and I tried. I told her I’ve been trying to keep myself together because I don’t want to burden her but it’s going to come out a little bit because there’s a lot going on in my head (I’m really feeling depressed and I keep having flashbacks but I haven’t told her all of this). She told me that I’m not realizing how this is all affecting her, that she feels “like I wanna kill MYSELF” (I checked myself into the hospital earlier this year due to feeling extremely suicidal) and “what am I supposed to do? Drive us off of a bridge?!” and then she wouldn’t talk to me.

She then went into the bathroom and closed the door, which made me scared considering what she had just said. I went to see if she was okay and she told me to leave her alone and I told her I wasn’t going to until I was sure that she was going to be okay. Then she said she would be fine and that I should be able to talk to her but I need to stop holding stuff over her and making it depend on her. I asked her what she meant and she said that when I was crying that it was my way of threatening to hurt or kill myself. I told her that’s not what I meant by that at all. She told me that it might not be “what I meant”, but it was the thinly veiled threat. She told me that I don’t see what she’s going through and that I keep making it all about me and only see what I’m going through. That I never acknowledge what she’s going through.

I don’t know what to do. I thought I was doing the right thing. But now I feel like I messed everything up. I want her to be okay, I NEED her to be okay, and I was trying to not focus on myself. But I have to be able to be honest and say that I’m still completely terrified about what happened. 

I’ve never once said anything about being depressed or that I felt suicidal (I don’t) this whole time. I don’t know where she would have gotten that from when all I did was get a bad flashback.

I don’t know what to do to help her. I can’t fix the situation with the house. I can’t fix myself. I can’t fix her either, but I’m trying my best to not add any pressure or stress and now I feel like I added a ton.

Idk what I even need help/advice on. I don’t know what to do about what she said. She said it in frustration but that doesn’t make it any less serious right? I don’t know... just someone please say something...