In Living DeathI'm a student in a small college. Never been able to experience anger towards my father. He told me to stay. I fought it, but gave in. It's been two years and I've withdrawn, emotionally killing everything and everyone around me until I have become extremely paranoid, anxious, depressed all the time. For two years. I have wasted two years of my life in anxiety. I feel like a complete fucking moron. I don't think I can stand up against my father, would have to go no contact to start all over by myself. I can't decide if I should stay here and get a free college education with no trust for everything around me, or get a job and go to a cheap college later. I have no idea who I am. I keep telling myself to get the fuck over it and hang out with people and melt into this place. But something stops me, probably teenage rebellion shit which I haven't had before, and complete fear paralysis. I've never had a close friend, not in high or middle school. Just wanted to take care of my dad and let him manipulate me. It was so much easier than facing anxiety and seeing people as 'real' with 'empathy'. I'm terrified of people, no idea what they think. 

This school is so small I am reminded of all my past behavior and idiocy every. single. day. What's worse is that I avoided people because I thought they were out to get me. Then over these two years, everyone KNOWS that I've completely shut down, but ignore it or talk about it with each other later (I have evidence for this, professors I don't know stare at me for a long time etc) So it's validated the idea that no one has empathy, just all in self-interest, can't give a shit about someone who is just struggling and 'eccentric'. I feel like this is my last throe before just killing myself, where you shake around before you stop breathing. I feel like I don't have anything in common with anyone I interact with. I'm slowly turning into a paranoid narcissist (exactly like my father, which is why I had to take care of his antics 24/7, but I'm BECOMING THAT) and I genuinely find myself revolting. I have no idea what kind of job I could do after college. Everything is a surreal, paranoid, angry blur and I have no idea where to go. Or trust myself. A free college educ is a good thing. And it's all in my head. I just need to GET THE FUCK OVER IT. And appreciate these tons of opportunities. And I'm scared that the rest of the world is like this. Judgmental and non-empathetic. I feel like I'm already floating away. Feel like not a real person, at all. Disconnected from everything. 