It's timeI'm not posting this looking for any reason not to do it, or compassion or understanding or anything like that. I do not want to encourage anyone to follow me either, so if you are suicidal do not read anything else. What follows I've sent in a letter to my family and friends, written slightly differently. I don't know why I feel compelled to share this on here but I thought I might as well. 

I had a great life up until I was 14. That year I had an appendectomy and because I'm scared of needles I asked for laughing gas before they stuck me with the IV. I ended up having a very bad reaction to the anesthesia. After they stuck me with the IV and put the drugs in to put me out they wheeled me into the surgery room and looking straight up I saw the surgeons looking over me as well as the intense lights. I closed my eyes but remained conscious and kept seeing the same image of the doctors and lights over and over and over. I felt like I was stuck like this for eternity. I had feelings of being completely alone, that no one else was real, that everything I've ever known or loved was only an illusion and the fear the followed was something that I can't even explain with words. I came out of it, ended up sitting up and telling the doctors something was wrong and then I blacked out. I awoke to an intense pain in my abdomen from the incision but the mental pain was still there as well. I felt like at any moment reality would freeze and I would be sucked back into that state, for good. For about 6 months I had "anxiety attacks" which lasted the entire day. It was living the terror all over again, day after day. They never really stopped, they just had less and less of an effect. Before this happened I used to be someone who had plenty of friends, could concentrate on things, accomplish things and really enjoyed living. I haven't been that person since all of this happened. I don't enjoy anything anymore, I have no real interests, there is nothing I want to do or accomplish. I've been successful in school and work, I've had numerous girlfriends, I've done volunteer work and none of it means anything to me. I've also taken anti depressants, I've gone to church and received the Eucharist, I've confessed my sins, I've read self help books and tried cognitive behavioral therapy. I don't know exactly what it is, but I do know something in me died when this shit happened and I don't think it's fixable. All I've wanted since this happened is to just feel nothing and be nothing and there is only one way to do that. 

