Unsatisfying, hard life for 20+ years; Good reason for seeing the next 20?I'm in my early thirties and have a history of attempted suicides (unfortunately, getting practice isn't easy). Life has been hard-- really, truly hard, as in like having a fucked-up family life, getting put into a "correctional school" where you get beaten, isolated in unheated concrete cells and get Thorazine injected into your ass, and then after leaving that jumping between shitty part-time jobs and homelessness.

Fast-forward a few years and I spent 5+ years eating rice and beans and still getting into $80k+ of student debt (which is not dischargeable)... and then realizing that university life sadly IS the best time of your life:

1. life afterwards with a "real" job sucks (I've tried many both voluntarily and involuntarily, so it's not just one experience).
2. Never had anything close to a significant other even during my "good" phases.
3. No real hobbies (being malnourished, poor and working through your formative years doesn't do much for your well-roundedness), and nothing is really enjoyable enough to start doing regularly. I've been travelling, done some "extreme" things, etc. -- some of which were pretty awesome, but that feeling is fleeting and not really something which justifies the drudgery of life. Furthermore, even this "rush" is something I don't get anymore... from anything: Seeing beautiful scenery is "nice", sailing on a sunny day is "all right", and so on.

I've even tried "rebooting" my life a couple times, and, although the changes in scenery/career/etc. are interesting, they don't actually make life "satisfying" in any way.

Thus, life was tough and had relatively few high points. It's better now, but still mostly unsatisfying. **So why should I keep living life? Why should I choose to continue when all my experiences and projections show that it won't get significantly better?**

People have always told me

 1. killing yourself is selfish -- well, fuck other people: The world sucks (see above)
 2. if you kill yourself, you'll never know if it'll get better -- How is that different from the old ladies who spend every day in a casino at a slot machine, hoping for that time it finally pays off? The last 20+ years were shit, and, although things have marginally improved, life is still tough and mostly unsatisfying.
 3. Life gets more bearable as you get older -- Same story: Yes it may get bearable, but life is still unsatisfying. If this was a job rather than my life, people would recommend that I quit.
 4. Suicide is the one decision which is truly irreversible -- Yeah, exactly why I'm thinking so much about it... I don't just wake up and say: "hey, today sounds like a nice day to jump in front of a train and maybe die or maybe become a paraplegic instead!"
 5. ...which brings me to the best argument for life thus far: Killing yourself is hard and, if you mess up, life REALLY won't be living afterwards. -- I have no rebuff against this: If it was easy for me to get the right drugs or firearms, I'd not be here to write this. The only thing keeping me from actively killing myself is fear that I will fail and permanently damage myself, making trying again even harder (or impossible) in addition to making life even more miserable (my current life isn't amazing but won't get better if I end up wheelchair-bound, losing half my brain, etc.).

Personally, I think it's pretty pathetic for me to be completely disillusioned with life while, at the same time, the only thing keeping me from killing myself is fear that I'll mess it up. I know that this isn't exactly the place to go to get encouragement to off oneself, but I somehow need to either man up and commit to life or man up and commit to killing myself.

Thanks for whatever thoughts you can offer.