Let's see how long I keep my mask on.Since middle school I've dealt with depression, and to be honest, it has just gotten progressively worse over the last few years,when I talk to people about it, they always tell me it gets better, when in reality, it doesn't, hell, I don't think it ever has. I survived middle school and high school dragging myself out of bed every morning to class, hating being there, hating the people I was surrounded around by, the fact that I didn't have anyone to talk to, I just felt lonely, and quite frankly, I still am. My confidence, shattered. I am no longer the man I used to be, I no longer am the gentle, loving confident man I once was... Now only exists a hardened shell of a man, the exterior containing my shattered remains of myself. I'm a broken man walking around my college, alone inside and out. Ever since I got here everything has gone downhill for me, I've barely made any friends, my girlfriend broke up with me, and my grades are complete shit. My girlfriend was the only thing that kept me happy, she has been the best thing that's happened to me throughout my putrid waste of a life, she gave me a fucking reason to live, and she ended up breaking up with me because she was always so busy, I'm not mad at her for it. But now, I'm even worse off, I hate going home now, because she was the only reason I went home. I don't truly smile anymore, all the happy faces I've put up just mask how I really feel inside. I hate myself more than ever, and it's beginning to show publicly, because I just stopped giving a shit about what happens to me, because all I want is to disappear off the face of the earth. Sure, people will go to my funeral they'll cry, they'll say how much they care, but I know a good 85% of them don't and never will give a fuck about me. And after a few years, the same thing will happen just like it did to my friend who offed himself my junior year of high school, I won't even be a blip on the radar. I'll be gone and the world will go on without me, just like it's going on without my friend.

Now, I just wait for the chance to be consumed by death's cold embrace, whether it be by my hand or someone else's, because in the end, it doesn't matter.