I am Really Hurting and I Just Needed to Say ThisI am not going to kill myself but I am really, really hurting and I just wanted a place to type this.  I am in my mid-forties and am a guy and am a virgin but no I'm not one of those insane "incel" people.  I got the shit beat out of me as a kid repeatedly.  Not by my parents but by bullies.  My parents both grew up in situations that didn't show them how to calm themselves down from being scared or being angry, and my dad had unemployment issues throughout most of his life.  Because they didn't know how to self-soothe and because they didn't know that they didn't know, it's not something I ever picked up.  So I ate.

And because of all of the bullying and then later just polite exclusion, I grew up even to nowadays thinking that I am just absolute shit.  I'm not suicidal because frankly I don't want to hurt people who know me and I am pretty sure that we just wink out like a candle, and I don't want that to happen to me yet.  But a pseudo-friend of mine got married this weekend and although I am very happy for him it is really hard to see the love in their eyes.  To see her hold him.  I don't love her specifically or anything, I just want THAT.  I just want someone to hold me in their arms and to know that they love me and that I am worth being loved.

And I'm not.  I'm absolute fucking trash.  I'm a fat fucking bastard and even if I lose the weight I'll look like a fucking sharpei.  And even if I was skinny I'd still be shit.  It doesn't matter what I do in my life or whether I'm nice or kind or whatever, it doesn't matter whatever I do, it seems to be that I'm absolute fucking trash and that everything in the world has to be a fucking uphill Sisphyean slog just based on survival, so why shouldn't I enjoy a fucking pizza?

It'd be nice if we knew for a fact that we reincarnate.  I wouldn't mind spinning the cosmic slot machine again.  And I don't know if this even belongs here because I am definitely not killing myself.  And yes I'm in therapy, I'm even in trauma therapy, but I just needed to say this here.  Please don't freak out if I don't respond, I won't be dead, and I'm firmly expecting no one to answer this and for it to get downvoted to zero anyway, but I just had to write this here for once.  I just ... I thought that if I got through the bullying that one day it would stop and I would have a good life.  They kept saying "it gets better."  And sometimes it doesn't and everything just continues being fucking hell.  And sometimes you fight the fight every day and sometimes you just get so many blows in one day that it's hard to stand up anymore.