Good byeHey everybody.  So, I just really don't know what to do.  Like at all.  I try my hardest at almost everything I do and yet somehow its never good enough for the people in my life, specifically my parents.  I am a full time college student now, having just graduated from high school.  I didn't have much work, and they still expect me to be able to do all of the things I did in high school.  My classes aren't set in stone,  yet no matter how much I try to explain that to them, they just don't understand.  What I am about to write literally just happened.  My dad had been on a business trip last week, on the day we put out recycling for the city to collect, and I didn't get it done.  I keep trying to explain to him and my mom that things aren't the same as they were in high school, my classmates let me know when they have time and I work around their schedule, and they don't seem to understand this either.  I try my best every day at the things I do, I also have ADHD and Asperger's so some things are difficult for me to understand, like social cues and body language.  I have known for about 8 months and I live my life a day at a time and try my best every day, yet I still fuck up.  I have no idea why, and I'm at my breaking point where my parents are getting mad at me for trying my best and they keep taking away my shit even thought I'm a goddamned adult.  I have tried to kill myself about three times before when I was really depressed.  I tried to cut my wrists and they noticed.  My dad asked about it and I lied cause why would I tell them that they are the problem when every time I wanna come to them and get advice, they always get mad at me.  So I thought, well fuck you guys, why would I tell you what happening with me because it never works out for me.  That same thing happened a few times the last few years where I tried cutting my wrists.  Back to the main topic, my dad is getting mad at me not doing the recycling, and then my mom makes her way down stairs cause my dad is getting loud and by this point, I'm sitting at my desk in the corner of my room thinking to myself that, if I'm this big of a problem, ill just kill myself so they wont have to worry about me fucking shit up ever again.  This time, I might actually do it, and I'm not sure there is anything anyone can do to talk me out of it.  Over the past two months both of my best friends have stopped talking to me, and I don't know why, and now my parents are freaking out at everything I do.  I have my own room in my house and we just put in a pool and we have some cinder blocks for a wall we are building.  I have spent the past 15 minutes contemplating how I would kill myself.  I would fill my bathtub with some water and sit in it and then lay some cinderblock on my chest so I cant get up.  I would rather drown that cut my wrists cause I'm not a big fan of pain, plus, I have always kind of wanted to drown to see what it feels like.  The only thing that would maybe pump the breaks is my dogs, but I would be going away to college of in-person classes soon anyways.  The only people who would be affected are my parents and sister, but I'm pretty sure my sister would be sad for a little bit, then she would love being an only child. My parents on the other hand, its their fault cause they want to take everything away from me. So, I'm deciding to take away the one thing from them that they cant take away from me, my life.  They will see how nice it is to have what you love taken away and never getting it back.  I will admit I was a hard child to raise, but I was never tested for any mental things because I am so high on each spectrum, that it was hard to diagnose. I lied a lot as a kid, but the past few years I have been trying so fucking hard to be a good person, yet everything falls to shit on me.  So, I will most likely write my good bye notes to everyone tonight while my family is out watching my sister dominate her volleyball game, leave the notes on the counter in the kitchen and then kill myself.  I mean there is a shit ton of things I wanna do, but at this point, there's no reason to hope for a future because everything I do is wrong according to my parents.  

Thanks for reading this.  Good bye.