Content with being gone.I have been dealing with depression for almost 2 years now. It started when I had lost my friend from the military to suicide. Called me randomly and asked how I was doing and wanted to know if I would get a beer with him. I live in NorCal, he lived in SoCal. Told him no, I was busy, school is starting up, and I would grab a beer with him next time I'm down in SoCal. Never got a text message back and 3 days later I wake up to missed phone calls and text messages saying he had killed himself. I've always felt guilty about it, even though many of my civilian and military friends have told me there was nothing I could have done. The thought of having an impact had I just gone down to see him still weighs on me heavily. Fast forward months later and I had just gotten laid off from my job. No source of income, struggling and have only been able to pay half-rents. Can't really go out with friends, my roommate has been more than willing to sacrifice some cash so I can eat. But I have been feeling guilty. Guilty because I feel like I'm just using my friends. Have applied to dozens of jobs every week to only be denied. No one wants to hire a dumb non-skilled infantry grunt in the private sector. The last few months have felt fake. I felt I was just going through the motions of life. Having to fake a smile to make sure my friends know I'm okay. A few nights ago I had finally broken down and cried. Told my friends I'm ready to kill myself and I'm content with dying. What's fucked up is that I told them I felt like I just didn't care about the consequences of my actions. I'm done feeling these emotions. Somehow, someway, they convince me to go to the VA hospital to get treatment, but I am still scared. I do not trust myself to be alone in my room. I have this really long charger cable next to me that I had around my neck just an hour ago and thought about the best way to keep me upright while I suffocate. Thankfully my roommate had agreed to sleep near me in my room to keep me company and that thought subsided once I looked at him. It's getting harder to control these emotions. I can't even go outside unless I am with friends because I get anxiety attacks and break down crying. I am scared yet content with the consequences. What is wrong with me?