I can’t see any reason to liveI don’t like living. I’m so sad and bored. Everything gives me anxiety. I hate who I am. I feel like I overcompensate by acting outgoing and happy and it just makes me cringe. I don’t want to eat, every time I eat I have the urge to throw up or go to sleep. I feel disgusting putting food in my body. And yet somehow I’ve gained 10-15lbs over the past year. I feel so gross. The only things that really make me happy are animals, traveling, and sex, and sometimes I just feel disgusting for liking sex so much. I have been raped and molested several times in my life and I feel like some kind of deviant for wanting it as much as I do, masturbating as much as I do, wanting to feel pain as much as I do. It doesn’t always bother me, but that’s how I’m feeling at the moment. Sometimes it feels like all I think about, and I sexualize everything/everyone and I just feel so wrong. But it makes me so happy in that moment. Until whoever I’m currently sleeping with falls for me and I push them away - sometimes I even think I get off to that. What’s wrong with me? I feel like a monster.


I have a trip planned for next month. I’ve paid for everything already and I’m looking forward to it. I have been planning to kill myself when I return. I’m very troubled about my cats though, they are truly making me second guess myself, because I think of them walking around looking for me and it breaks my heart. But I guess I won’t have to deal with the consequences of that. How comforting and disturbing that thought is to me. Disturbing because it reinforces what I know to be true about myself, ultimately I just don’t care, I’m irresponsible. I’ll jump at the chance to dodge something, anything, I’d rather not deal with.
I’ve thought about just moving to another country instead of killing myself, but ultimately I’m just a sad, apathetic person and I’ll be that way anywhere I go. I know it is ultimately what I am going to do, and why trouble anyone with having to retrieve my body once it’s done. I may as well do it at home.


My parents will be crushed, and I feel guilty because they will blame it on themselves for the abuse they put me through growing up. They know what they did and they seem to deeply regret it. They never wanted children and I feel sad that they threw their lives for me and my brother. My brother hates women, and neither him nor myself are emotionally stable. We both suffer from PTSD after being raped. He abuses all of his girlfriends and its really upsetting. My parents have always put so much pressure on me - I’m the smart one, the responsible one, the funny, sweet, caring sibling. Here I am ready to blindside them and destroy every notion of me they’ve ever held dear. I’m leaving them with the sibling who actually blames them for their abuse. Sometimes I think they love me so much because I was so willing to look past it. I feel so sad for them. I think I’ve decided who I want my cats to go to, but I’m not sure if they will be able to take them. How funny, I wish I could make these arrangements ahead of time. 


I feel so alone all the time, but not in the sense that I want another person around to solve that, or that I think someone could. I feel alone in the sense that nobody in my life would suspect I would kill myself. People I know will probably talk about it and then they’ll move on with their lives, and ultimately it doesn’t matter whether I’m alive or not - that has never and will never matter. I never even mattered to the people who raped and molested me! I could have been any vagina, how pathetic. The person I am just does not matter. Oooof. I know the answer is to “work on my mental health,” but my entire life has been painful and at best just completely lackluster. I’m tired of not feeling anything good. I’m just so fucking bored.