I hate being a female and sometimes it makes me want to kill myself.I hate being a female and some of the reasons are biological. I hate having breasts and wish I didn’t have boobs. I hate having periods. I hate having a vagina (outside of masturbation anyways) and uterus. Sometimes I wish I were the opposite sex. I wish I had a penis and testicles and I hate how small I am and the sound of my voice and stuff like that. I wish I went through puberty as a male instead of a female.

Even being reminded that I’m a female or having people say stuff that remind me that I’m a female makes me uncomfortable at times. I know that I am one, but still.

I have seen people on Reddit make statements on how women experience things in life or how they feel about something “women are X”, “women think Y”, or “women experience Z” like for example I have heard people say that women aren’t visual when it comes to sexuality/only into sex for emotional connections rather than to just get off/have low sex drives or that women get along better with men than other women or that women easily get attention on social media and all women have someone that cares about how they feel and will support their feelings and it frustrates me as I feel this is not (always) true.

This may be true for some women and maybe even statistically true for more women than men, but it seems like a generalization in my opinion and is personally not true for me from my personal experience. Obviously, people can generalize men’s experiences in some ways too or make generalizations on what men think, but this is just a rant.

There’s also the feeling of feeling like I’m inferior. Females are physically weaker than men and I heard that even mentally that they are worse off since statistically they have lower spatial ability on average and worse logical reasoning on average and are less likely to be geniuses on IQ tests. I also heard that they have lower reaction times. As someone who likes video games, having a weaker spatial ability and reaction time can be a disadvantage and it sucks knowing that I will probably suck at competitions over this. As someone interested in math and sciences, having a weaker spatial ability and logical reasoning can be a disadvantage and as a STEM major, sometimes I wonder if I’ll never be good enough.

Biologically and mentally, there don’t seem to be any advantages of being a female. Well, I heard that women are better with communication/language skills and social skills, but I seem to suck at that, so it seems that I can’t do anything right (I’m really awkward at speaking and talk very slowly and awkwardly. Trying to express thoughts into words can be hard at times. Sometimes I forget the meaning of words really easily and look up things in the dictionary a lot to reassure myself whether I know the meaning. I have weak social skills and it’s hard for me to talk/interact with people and as a result, I became a loner and a hermit with no friends.). Sometimes I feel like I will never achieve anything that interests me in a significant way or be the best at anything and that my biology will always be a barrier.

There are other biological things that make me jealous about the opposite sex too, like how men can achieve orgasms easier and have more places for sexual pleasure (they have a dick and a prostate) while females seem to only have the clitoris. I wonder if sex feels better for a male than a female.

What sucks about being physically and mentally uncomfortable is that I can’t really change these things. They are permanent. I’m stuck with my body and mental state forever.

It is true the grass is not always greener on the other side. I have heard of the term “female privilege”, but they are societal rather than biological and not based on immutable traits relating to the feeling of biological inferiority. Some examples I have heard are: lower suicide risk in most countries, lower workplace accidents, getting better grades in school, easier to get laid, alimony, easier time seeking child custody, lower prison sentences on average, can express emotions more openly, can marry up, more reproductive freedom, can be trusted more around children, etc. I found out about these kinds of stuff on certain subreddits and websites.

I probably won’t use some of these privileges since I never plan on having children, getting married/a relationship, having sex, or even making friends and would probably live an isolated life due to social anxiety, but there are some privileges that may still apply. To be honest, I would rather be oppressed in society than to feel uncomfortable in my own skin, my own sense of self, and the perceptions of myself though (I know it sounds dumb knowing that I may be worse off this way, but it’s just how I feel.) Also, knowing that there are privileges with being female make me feel guilty about my gender to be honest and it feels like I am the more “evil” gender for having the upper hand in some ways sometimes. Well, being a female can come with social downsides too and which one is worse is subjective I guess.

My gender has started bothering me since I have hit puberty (started growing breasts at 8?9? and having periods at 10), but even though its been over a decade now (I'm almost 21), I still have regrets over my existence. It has gotten worse over time and learning about the social differences between men and women when I got older only made me feel worse. Finding out that there are more differences between male and female besides physical stuff made me feel worse. Ever since hitting puberty, I started to feel more depressed and started expericing suicidal thoughts and I wonder if it’s a hormonal thing for all women who hit puberty.

I’m not transgender, like I didn’t show signs of gender non conformity as a kid and don’t know what it means to feel like a man or feel like a woman or anything like that, but I still struggle to cope with these things and sometimes I feel like killing myself for being a female. I don’t normally rant or like sharing my personal issues very often, but here I am getting this off my chest.