Some people just fail at life&amp;#x200B;

Do you remember being a child, maybe 6 or 7 years old and walking around town with your parents? You are curious, maybe you went to the grocery store a few times with your mom, but you are still at an age, when you discover something new and interesting behind every corner. You are still unscathed from hurtful experiences, you couldn't even imagine, what anxiety feels like and your mom can barely keep you away from people.

But we all have a first encounter with one of those men, who just give an odd vibe. Every town has them, you find a lot of them at the trainstation but, considering they leave the house, you could meet them everywhere. What strikes us as a child isn't, that they would look dangerous, alllthough the uncertainty regarding this weird feeling, definitely intimidates us. We ask our Mother whats wrong with him. She looks at him, thinks for a while and usually tells us, that this man is confused, or sad, or that some people are just a little bit different and that thats ok. This is probably the most accurate thing she could come up with. At this age no kid could understand the concept, that there are people who fundamentally failed at life.

We are animals, we are built in the image, that our genes determine and shaped by the environment we were thrown in. We strife for our basic needs like food and shelter, a community and intimicy. We can't just decide, not to strife for this. The way life on this planet works, is like a hit or miss game. We feel rewarded for winning at the game of life and we feel miserable for loosing. So we seek out success and the genius of our species is, that we are foresighted enough to power through failures, with the promise, that eventually it will lead to success. However for some people there is no success.

I am 25 now and when I look into the mirror I see a man who failed. I don't think my failure was necesserily predetermined. Maybe the biggest root cause is the very high predisposition for mental illness, that runs in my fathers family. I couldn't point out any other event or cause in my life, other people didn't overcome with ease. I probably just lacked the resiliance. 

When I was around the age of 12, I asked schoolmates, if I could join them on their weekend plans. They declined and that was the last time I've ever asked someone to play or hang out together. When I was in middle school, someone pointed out, how clumsy I was in sports. That was the last time, I've ever put any effort into exercise. When I was standing in a bus and the driver braked to hurt, a girl was pushed against me, gave me a grossed out look and said "eww". Or maybe she was just annoyed, that she was thrown around the bus, how could I know. However, after that event, I never tried any smalltalk with a girl again.

At the age of 14 I was hated by everyone, I was a clumsy retard and nauseatingly ugly. At least in my own mind. But nobody told 14 years old me, that thats not how human interaction works, that you have to deal with rejection and try again. For me, every form of rejection was just painful and I didn't have the understanding, that success might outweight the pain of failure and I especially didn't understand, that success ultimatel breeds more success. If you are skilled in any field, its much easier to get skilled in any other field, than if you have nothing to show for. With every language you learn, learning a new one becomes easier. With every social interaction you have, you feel more comfortable and confident in the next one.

Nobody cared to teach me this. I wouldn't say, that my parents were horrible, despite being compleatly dysfunctional, but I have to admit, that they always wanted and still want the best for me. Yet their parenting was objectively garbage and so am I. They never pressured me, as long as I get somehow through school, the wouldn't complain and it turned out I came through school, with just showing up physically. My teachers didn't care either, I was on the weaker side and apparantly showed potential to be way better, nobody asked, why I didn't care to try. Or why I'm always alone. Or why I show clear signs of juvenile depression, which everyone who ever got whacked over the head with a "Psychology 101" book, should recognize with ease.

So I've spent all my days sitting in front of screens, playing video games, watching videos I'm not interested in and fapping to successively more and more degenerate porn. My body is ruined, mostly irreversibly. I've spent most of my puberty slouched in front of a small table, half sitting, half lying on a chair in a way, I probably can't describe precisely, but it would certainly cause physical pain to every orthopedist who sees it. When I stand, my posture is hunched, my Scoliosis is only noticable when you know it, but still there and I have Osteoporosis from my absolute lack of excercise and terrible diet. Don't get me started on my backpain.

I am in therapy, I tried to work on these things, but there is damage that can't be undone. At this age you don't learn behaviour like you do as a child, you try to imitate it. I don't think I'm further developed than a middle schooler. When you try to learn behaviour in an unnatural context you get unnatural results. I just don't want anymore. Even the best realistic outcome for me, wouldn't be worth anymore this hell. But to be realistic, I probably won't kill myself. I'm to much of a coward. There is nothing for me to miss out except to witness, what I've missed out on and how it could have been, aswell as the joys of a body, that started to decay at my early 20s. I hope in a few years the pain is so crippeling, that it helps me with the decision. It would be just a small jump and everything would be fine.

I've served the species as a failed experiment and I accept it, but I just don't want to be kept around out of sheer cruelty. I want the misery any pain to stop.