I honestly don't know what I want to writeI don't know what I'm here to type/say exactly, so I'll just type whatever pops into my head as I go. Sorry if I'm all over the place with my thoughts.

  I been depressed for the past couple years and have stopped socializing with my old friends. I now only talk to my family members. I have a roommate I only say, at most, a few sentences to a week. Not because I don't like him, but because it just seems stupid to talk to anyone without a reason and just for the sake of making conversation.

  I'm studying a subject I hate in college. The only reason I'm pursuing this subject is because I'm pretty good at it, and compared to the other subjects I'm decent at, I hate this the least. And it's not only that I dislike taking this subject in college, from what I can tell and from what I've seen, I will hate it when I graduate and get a job. I hate myself, and from what I've learned about this subject, others that know who I am would think it's the perfect subject/work environment for me. There are things that I wish I had done in the past, but all I can do now is look back at the past and realize there is no changing it.

  Over the past few months especially, suicide has been creeping into my mind as an easy way to just give up on everything. It started out as just a thought in the back of my head that I could kill myself if everything became too much for me. Though, over the last couple weeks I have been looking into methods for killing myself and actually doing research. Even now I have a few dozen tabs open with various ways to kill myself. I've been using, my family and listening to music as the two reasons to keep living and not kill myself all this time. But music is somehow getting stale, and after that all I have is my family. I often cry myself to sleep because I want to kill myself so badly, but I know leaving my family with a corpse and a letter would break them. I realize that if I die I won't have to deal with any of my thoughts or problems anymore, but I know my family would do my suffering for me. I hate what I am and it feels like there is someone else in my body walking me around every day. Thanks to my parents I am living a life that anyone should love to live, and I can't even think of a life I would rather live, but I don't want to live this life.

  I always act like I'm fine because I don't want to be bothered. I've been having trouble even faking a smile lately and all I want to do is lie in bed. It's like my body is already giving up. All I do now is the bare minimum for the sake of avoiding attention. The one thing that scares me more than anything is a failed suicide attempt. I know I would get a ton of attention if I attempted and fail and someone found out, which is why if I try to kill myself I would make the chance of living 0%.

  I'm also scared because I know the longer I decide to live, the more people my death could effect. I don't see myself getting married and having any children in my future anymore because don't want to leave a responsibility like parenting behind when I kill myself, and the longer I stall, the more I think about killing myself.

  I don't know what I'm expecting posting my thoughts will do, but this is the first time I've expressed myself to anyone other than myself. This post looks long as fuck and I don't feel like proof reading so I guess I'll post as is.