True happiness may very well be impossible for meFor a while now I've been looking for something that would describe what I've been experiencing, and the closest thing I've come up with is Existential Depression, of which the cure seems to be intentional ignorance. I suppose ultimately this would be incurable - naturally and/or logically, at the very least - as it pertains not to matters of interpersonal relations but with respect to matters of the inherent corruption of the powers that be and the inextricable desire for the power wielding to prove that they have bigger bollocks than the rest of us. "Getting over it" seems to at this point require heavy dosages of chemicals or a full-on lobotomy, neither of which I am able to procure at this point (the latter, at the very least for obvious ethical reasons; the former, for various reasons of legalities or the necessity of a psychiatrist, of which there isn't one for a very substantial radius). It's something of a common leitmotif to snark about ignorance truly being bliss, but ultimately I fear that it's my sometimes overwhelming sense of compassion for my fellow human being that drives me into this despair.

You see, if I truly didn't care about anyone, I predict that none of these issues would be with me today, as I would most likely be working as a politician or some other corporate whore, perpetually assigning monetary value to human lives or otherwise tightening the leashes on everyone just enough that the common person doesn't recognize it, all while boasting about their freedoms or their rights which they still ignorantly believe they have. However, I wish not to take that ignorance from them; it's what allows them to enjoy their lives, to gain some kind of meaning out of this existence. I do wish I could share their joy, however. It's just too bad that intelligence, happiness and intellectual honesty are, as though they were by design, incompatible.

I suppose the tipping point - that being the best word - was when I discovered that CISA and TPP were slated to slash even more of our freedoms away, from one of the few frontiers where freedom still existed, to some extent. While I do recognize the temporal nature of such a thing, and that the signing of the PATRIOT act most likely did the same for many others at the time, nevertheless the impact was substantially felt. Even worse, around that time I encountered my own mortality for the first time. While I shall abstain from describing this in detail, since it may lead to the revelation of personally identifying information, needless to say the timing of such an event does not help my chemically-driven mind.

The reason why I have opted to post this on SuicideWatch is because this does, albeit slightly tangentially, pertain to suicide. For the better part of eight years now I've ran countless scenarios of my own demise through my own mental theater, almost in an abstract sense being another entity vicariously enjoying my own suffering. The spirit of Bob from Twin Peaks comes to mind. How ironic, then, that when my own livelihood comes into question that I burst into survival mode. Bob doesn't want to leave me; he enjoys my pain far too much. Nevertheless, I find myself thinking about my own death nearly everyday, doubly so when night time arrives. Bob wouldn't like that either, as finding another host like me would require a substantial amount of effort. Even during the writing of this post I feel my brain attempting to dissociate, to coddle myself into thinking, "it's not so bad," just before administering the next cocktail of cortisol and allsorts serotonin inhibitors.

Of course, it needs to be said that Bob isn't an "actual" entity in my head; one of the few things I know about my mental state is that I am not schizophrenic. Rather, Bob serves for me as a metaphor for whatever is misfiring in my brain, the complex of self-loathing, anxiety, depression, OCD and whatever else may or may not compound into the untermensch whose laments you are reading at this general time frame. As of writing this paragraph, the dissociation has fully kicked in, and the tug of war on my psyche continues. One day I know I'll be torn asunder; I just hope that once my ego is truly eviscerated that nobody gets hurt in the process. Given my intentional isolation and social luddism, I don't think anyone would.

Now, to address the obvious questions: no, I have never been to a therapist/psychologist/psychiatrist, and I am unable to. The nearest one to my location is at least 100 miles away, and I have literally no way of transporting myself, public or private. No, I have not told anyone I know about this; they would think I was absolutely insane (subsiding the question of whether I actually am, at the very least by any rigorous definition of insanity as opposed to how society would qualify insanity). Yes, I have tried different hobbies; no, they don't do much for me anymore. Being carefree just isn't in my repertoire of abstract social abilities. Exercise doesn't do much for me; a year of required PE during high school taught me all I need to know on that front. I keep searching for something that is a solution; something that will allow me to feel that happiness - or whatever relative measure therein - I did as a kid.

I'm tired of my head being a warzone between myself against myself. I'm tired of unwillingly subjecting myself to the imageries and soundscapes of humanity's inevitable demise and the folly of legacies. I'm tired of seeing good-hearted individuals quashed by soulless harlots of greed only in it to make a quick buck. I'm tired of knowing that anything great, anything beautiful can be exterminated in just a few minutes, much like the Library of Alexandria.

I'm tired of living. And I'm only fucking 22.