There's just nothing for meLife is nothing.  I'm never interesting enough, attractive enough, successful enough, whatever-enough for anyone.  I'm just alone, all the time, no matter what I do.  

Life is just a chore that drones by way too fast some days and way too slow others.  One thing always remains the same - it's all pointless.  Nothing can be done.  Nothing can be accomplished.  Always a reason I can't do things.  Must be nice to be born into a family that actually gives a shit about you, has the finances to make sure you have a shot at a real life, has parents actually around to teach you things.  must be real nice.  I can only fantasize about what life might have been had I been born into a real and worthwhile situation instead of being some kids' bad mistake.

fucking...26 now, and nothing is worth anything.  Nothing is interesting.  Nothing is fun.  Nothing is clever.  Everything is boring.  There's nothing remotely interesting to do.  I have a dying creative side that I can't do anything with because I don't have the money to do anything with it.  I also don't have any talents.

Eventually I'm just going to die and not exist anymore - rendering absolutely anything I could have done pointless anyway.  What's the point to live just to die?  I don't understand religious people - it's so fucking obvious and blatant that we're just some shit organism that grew on a rock and will cease to exist like everything else.  How the fuck are people so stupid that they'll believe in magic and fairy tales in which they don't even have evidence for?  All that shit does is make the time we do have worse.

I'm angry at everything, all the time.  Everything annoys me.  Nothing is pleasurable.  I eat begrudgeonly when my body won't stop demanding it.  It's expensive and feels like shit going through me.  So fucking tired of spending money.  Fucking tired of earning money.  day in, day out, same fucking bullshit.  Nothings different it's all just material bullshit.

run the fucking retardrace in hopes that some wealthy fucking fuck will throw you a pittance and call you a good boy so that you can eat and live another day just to waste it all at his fucking whim.  Hey, it's his kid's futures you're working so hard for, isn't it?  They need to know what a life without conflict or work or problems are.  Fucking rich pieces of privileged shit.

Unfortunately I couldn't even be born a gender seen worthwhile in humanity's eyes.  Nobody likes a man.  A man is scary, dangerous, creepy, gross, expendable, trash, a lapdog for women.    Fodder for the women and children and the wealthy.  Fight and die in wars they start so they can live happy and without conflict.  Fuck them. fuck people.  fuck all people.  why should i give a fuck about anyone anymore?

There's only one thing left i want to do, and that's to die fucking gloriously.  i'm going to drink until i can barely stand, on a rooftop, and shoot my fucking brains off while fireworks shoot from my body.  Maybe I'll crush some asshole on the way down.