my cat is dying and i'm a messshe has had lots of health problems since i got her a year ago (she's 18). she just got diagnosed with kidney failure though, and that's a death sentence. i told myself the other day that when she goes, i go, and i can't get that thought out of my head. i almost killed myself the other day, i know where my dad keeps his gun. i fucked up and didnt give her her blood pressure medication and her BP spiked and her retina detached in one eye. so now she can't see out of that eye, and i am still numb. i did this. i hurt my baby kitty. i should die for that. but i know she needs me so i can't yet.


i have been depressed my whole life, i think, and have had fleeting thoughts of suicide occasionally since i was a little kid but this is the worst i have ever felt, and i think this might be it this time. everything in my life is falling to pieces and now i'm going to lose the most important thing to me.


how can i get through this? how can i get over it when she does go? how can i not hate myself for her eye? she's okay for this moment, and i know it's not going to be for a while because she's in very early stage kidney failure right now but she has gotten me through some of the hardest times of my life and i feel like my entire life revolves around taking care of her. playing with her, feeding her, cuddling with her, giving her all of her meds on time every day. making sure she is okay, i go home on my lunch every day to check on her. i'm in a huge amount of debt from all her vet bills. this cat is my entire freaking life and when she's gone i just feel like everything will be over and i don't know what to do. i feel like a horrible person too but i have another cat and i'd do anything for it to be him instead. there is something so special about this cat and i feel like she is my soul mate, my little baby girl :( i don't want to live without her, and i don't think i can.



edited to add that her quality of life is actually pretty good right now all things considered but i dont know if i can bring myself to put her to sleep when the time comes. i work at a vet clinic so i should know that its the best thing, i help other people through it every day. but i just dont think im strong enough to do it for her and it breaks my heart even more knowing that i would let her suffer because of my own selfish wants and needs.