back to /sw i see...saw this comingr/sw,

you've helped me before...and i think ive realized that im back to where i was...

square one...the bottom.

in actuality i dont think i ever truly left here...just pretended it didnt exist.

im considering suicide again all because of my own stupid self.

little background first:

i am a college drop out, barely make enough money to cover rent to my parents, hate my life at home, hate my relationship but cant bring myself to leave her, continually fall deeper into depression over my ex, smoke cannabis almost daily, recently was arrested, and am on prescription effexor and trazodone and neither of which help with much of anything anymore...

i dropped out in october of an overpriced school, i now owe over $5000 dollars to the state, the insitution, people, my parents, everything.

i have no car, no life, no anything.

the people in my life have done nothing but prove to me that they are only lookinf out for themselves, and even now drugs dont even help with the pain im feeling every day, regardless of what medications i put into myself to make it go away.

i feel like the only way im truly going to be happy is when i finally end it.

im terrified right now...im deeper in depression than i think i ever have been....i cant get the past out of my head. and to make matters worse: im in a house with a girl ive been seeing for 1 and 1/2 years who i didnt ever anticipate staying with after the first night we fucked...

the worst part is i know there are weapons in this house...ive walked by her fathers pistol roughly 3 times already eying it each time...i have no idea if its loaded...i dont want to check...cause i know if i do it is over...

i seriously dont know what to do with myself at this point...my life is litterally falling below the threshold of "rock bottom" as i type this...and i have no idea where else to turn...i cant exactly talk to the people that are causing my depression about THEM...so please...anyone...what do i do?

i see no reason to go on...