Would you really be happy if you killed yourself ? What do you expect to do once you are a ghost of you believe in that sort of thing . And my experience with an NDE I hadMy story of an NDE I was at work moving stock with a coworker when I grabbed a metal strap and cut my hand open . I lost alot of blood . I went into the office for help . I was beginning to feel really I'll not from the blood loss but from the pain that went to my gut . So I was in this room with another coworker who was giving me first aide and I had to sit down . Next thing that happened I was blasting off into a tunnel of white light then I'm walking through a corridor and notice what was a group of teenagers like as of I knew them and they were happy to see me so I got around to asking them where was I supposed to go and they pointed keep walking that way so I did . I get to the end and I am faced with millions of people facing this massive iron gate.  The place was all in white from the floor to the sky above and everyone was wearing the same color which was black or grey and they were waiting to be let in . I was standing to the side looking at them and after some time passed nothing was happening to which I then said to myself well what the hell is going on here how am I supposed to get out of here . When I thought that a woman came walking out of that crowd like she was blurry and as she got closer to me I could see her perfectly.  She was smiling at me and I told her I'm stuck how do i get out of here what are we supposed to do.  She then said telepathically do not worry you can't stay here anyway and you need to go back . She then continued to smile while placing her hand on my shoulder and like a bolt of lightning I burst awake back in my body finding myself on the floor so I quickly got up scaring the shit out of about 5 people who were attending to me . I asked them what happened they said I passed out and wasn't breathing for over 5 minutes.  I said you are joking right ? Later on I told my coworker who was in the office with me that was taking care of me that I think I had an nde I was in this place for what felt like 30 minutes . I think that woman was my unborn dead sister which was miscarriage before I was born which had grown up in heaven I felt a strong connection and bond with .  