not sure this belongs here... upset, unhappy, and relatoinship troubles.I guess i should start by saying there isnt really any format here, just a dialogue from my brain to keyboard. 

I dont know what to do. I dont see a point in living. For the last few weeks, and throughout my life, ive played out suicide in my head. I constantly have mental images... no thats not accurate... not just images.. i constantly feel... see.. imagine ... the act of putting a gun to my head and pulling the trigger. I sometimes enjoy the idea of a bullet destroying my face, leaving my dead. The finality to the pain, and the issues in my life seems right. I hate the idea of my family finding my body, or ever seeing it... having to go through the suicide of your son would only make them feel awful. I hate the idea of no one taking care of my dog if im gone. But, i just dont see the point in living. For many years i have been unhappy, and unhappy doesnt seem to explain my feelings. Its not that i dont function... i think people would describe me as seemingly normal, maybe reserved at times... maybe extroverted at times... i dont know. The only two times in the past year I can remember being happy are when i was 'with' two different women. The first was a brief stent about 6 months after my ex broke up with me. It is the first time i can remember feeling good about my day, and my life since the day my ex surprised me with the breakup. After that came to an end I was sad for along time, i would constantly think about her, wonder what i could have done to keep her... where i went wrong... etc. Then i met girl number two. She was phenominal-- for the first time in my life i found someone that completely accepted me for who i am, i didnt worry about anything with her. She was open-minded, sexy, interesting, and real. The sex was great, she gave me affection and attention and everything that made me feel fantastic... untouchable. We never defined what we had together as we had both come from shitty relatoinships... i think you'd best describe it as more than friends with benefits... an exclusive situation where neither of us saw the need to define it further as we were happy. 

Fast forward a few months, everything is still fine. University breaks and she heads home, about 2 hours away from me by car. It is important to note I cannot drive, I made a mistake a few years ago and was arrested for a DWI... no driving for awhile. She takes a vacation during her winter break, meets a girl-friend in NYC... and i could tell at that point something had changed. She was less affectionate. She would still contact me via text almost as normal as usual. We texted a lot... so i wasnt too concerned... in my mind i felt she was on vacay and having fun... i didnt want to intrude. She arrived back at her home and the texting was still very normal, not as affectionate... which made me worry... was she not sexually satisfied by me... why doesnt she miss me, its been awhile since we have seen each other... but then, out of the blue... she makes some comments about missing me, wanting me... etc. So, all is fine up until this last week... when she tells me that she cant take it here anymore and isnt returning for school. She tells me that I am one of the very few things she enjoyed about this city, but is just miserable here.

So, now i am a little floored. I knew she was unhappy here; but, i figured she was happy with me and maybe that was enough to make it work out. I tell her how hard this is hitting me because I really did love her, and losing her sucks. She tells me how this is a shitty situation and how she is only 2 hours away. At this point it is hard for me to not be angry because i know there is no hope, i cannot drive, and she hasnt even coem to visit me when she is off school... like we will make a 2 hour distance work. Especially since she has no desire to be in a long distance relatoinship, and neither do i... we had both discussed that. So, very bluntly, i let her know i just dont think she feels the same way about me.. i laid out my feelings about me loving her and that losing her sucks and i dont know how to handle it, so im just going to bed. A few hours later i received a text from her saing how she couldnt sleep, how she didnt think about leaving as losing me, and that she wants me, loves me, and wishes i was with her... that made me smile.

Its been a few days since that, I have tried to keep everything drama free... i dont want to constantly remind her of the stress in her life. We talked about moving to a new city together, but there are financial things that would be hard for each of us. But, she expressed interest in it... seriously stating that the idea of going with me is very appealing to her. She then had a serious conversation with her father, to which i told her to call me since she was upset... we just joked on the phone for awhile, not about that convo... just to cheer her up. I asked her the next day if she knows what shes planning... and she basically said she cant commit to anything... i think shes putting off dealing with it. But, stuff feels weird... i dont know how to handle this. How do i go from having the best sex of my life, being madly in love with someone... to just treating them like a friend when we talk... cause thats how it feels. Since we wont see each other i think she has backed off the sexual talk, and relatoinshipy talk and taken it to a friend level... i have no idea if she even cares to try to make things work between us, or if shes going to be sleeping with other people... i worry about all of this stuff... i could use some help i think. i even told her: i dont know what im feeling, i dont know if i never want to speak to you again, want to try to make things work... i just dont know.

It just doesnt make sense to me that she would continue to message me like everything is normal... a friend of mine suggested "she is confused, and it hasnt set in that shes losing you. shes texting you, youre responding... to her everything is normal minus the sex." any advice would be appreciated. happiness, relationship... i appreciate it all. please try to keep the cookie cutter "be happy for yourself" bullshit out...