Going to do itSo, I am 25 year old male who found out a week ago that love of my life cheated on me and she wants to end our relationship. I am really devastated, I trusted her soo much that I even knew she might flort with other guys, but cheating... that was end of the line for me. I have too much good memories with her, I have actually super good memory loader inside my head, I even know what happened when i was 4 year old. My life never been easy, even childhood.. parents beat me all the time, I was oldest child in family, love life never been nice to me, everybody using my trust, I am too kind for this rude world. 
I was 22 when i joined mandatory military service, it started in 2017, october. I just had bad relationship and wanted to get rid of feelings, so I join the army.
2 months later I met someone in facebook dating page. We talked a little but then it ceased for a few weeks because i had alot to do in army.
We started to text again when I got my first vacatipn, it was before xmas, it was first time also I heard her voice and I fell almost. We didnt met yet since she was living in another country. 
Its new year 2018., halfway of my military service. We talked alot after xmas, we had alot in common so we arranged meeting in late february, it was snowy. I remember the day I went to meet her, she was back in home country, she was short and a little larger than other women, but thats my taste. It was cold outside, i gave her my army jacket, so she wouldnt get cold. Immediatly we know that we are meant for each other, later we had first kiss, and she wanted more. We spent 3 days together, in love.
After that we didnt meet a long time, because army had alot to offer. 
We talked about me moving to hers, to other country. I agreed, when my army service was over, I ended my job contract, took my things and bought cruise liner ticket to other country. Finally we were together.
She showed me around city, we cooked together. Also she have cat, Fiona, grey-white cat. That cat pissed inside my shoe in first day.
We visited our homeland alot, we visited her grandad and his wife (rip 2019 both). We stayed in her uncle house (rip 2020). I met her dad first time, cool guy, seemed that he was cool with me. Also her brother and mother. 
I remember when we visited cinema, just to watch new Johnny English movie.
We shared first xmas together, in her dad house. I didnt want to read any poems so I made 50 pushups.
I got socks and chocolate. 
We were in her bestfriend wedding, it was first time i ever been in wedding. 
We had vacation in greece, crete. We arrived too early, season havent even started yet, food was good, and we were drunk all day. 
I personally think that our relationship was doomed after that vacation.
When we flought back, I was feeling good, before we landed I was white like snow, i told attendant that "shit i need to to bathroom". And it was during landing, i held my head between my legs, and it went over. When i got off the plane, i noticed small pain in my leg. Wasnt nothing i tought.
Her father arrived and we rest night in her fathers place.
Next morning, this pain was really evolved, i tought, ah what the hell, its just pain, so we went on cruise line to get to home. It was sunday, and i called my boss that i cannot come, cuz my leg has somekind of pain. In monday, it was even worse, i didnt knew what that was, i was 23 at the time. I suffered till end of the week. Then it was unbearable even for me. I had to take expensive Doc since it was saturday. Doc did blood test and it showed that i might have thrombosis in leg. She wrote me pills and 400€ medical bill. I took pills for few days and it was fine again about in a week. After that everything started to fell apart, it was 2019. I lost my job end of the year because of virus. Corona one. 2020 was utterly hard and full of bs, my old job ruined my lungs. She basically rejected me, but she still loved me. I respected her privacy and trusted her. Gave ger breathing space, never hit her when we argued. We didnt have sex anymore, cuz she never wanted. I respected all that, I trusted her, until october, 2020.'  Last week on monday early in 5 oclock morning. I found out that she cheated on me, and it was almost month ago when she cheated, she admitted it and told that it was my own fault.
Today is 1st november, and i reached my end of nerves. I realized that my life doesnt matter nothing, time is 7.48 am right now. Going to end it, after she gets home around 22-23 pm. Nothing will change my mind.