thoughts and ramblingsNot  really sure why I'm writing this, I guess I just need to get it all out. Probably because I've never told anyone and I've always hated things that end without a solid conclusion. 

I was one of those kids who was obnoxiously talented. By the time I was 15, I was on the Jr. Olympic team, and headed for the Olympic team. I spent two summers training with the current Olympic coach. I was the last student he took on before retiring, and at the end of our second summer together, he told me he had never trained someone who reminded him so much of himself. It was the only compliment I'd ever heard him give. I did well in school, and was being recruited by several colleges. My life was far from perfect, but I was on the path to achieving my biggest dream. 

Shit fell apart when I was almost 18. After his death, I went numb for a while and just kept going through the motions. I kept competing and my normally good grades became flawless. I felt dead inside. And then one day, it was like someone flipped a switch. Every damn emotion I'd ever suppressed came flooding back with a vengeance. I fell into a hopeless depression and getting out of bed became a daily struggle. I went from being top five in my class to almost failing out of school. 

To their credit, my teachers did everything they could to keep me from failing, and succeeded. I went to the top college in the nation for my sport, although I gave up my scholarship because I'd quit my sport. 

I struggled throughout my first semester of college, but by the end of my first semester, I was healthy. For the first time in years, I was healthy, energetic, and happy. I vividly remember stringing the lights onto the Christmas tree, and then plugging them into the wall. They flickered on, and it was like I'd been colorblind and suddenly I could see them again. They were absolutely mesmerizing. I think that was one of the last happy memories I have. 

After Christmas, I went back for my second semester of school. Things were fine for the first month, until I got deathly sick. I was hospitalized with a 104 degree fever, strep, mono, and three sinus infections. After that, I struggled through the rest of my semester, but ended up failing most of my classes. The mono stripped me of all energy and brought back my depression, worse than before. My weight cycled between completely emaciated and slightly overweight. I was either stuffing myself or starving myself. I picked up a habit of picking at my skin so that I was constantly covered in scabs and scars. I drank until I did shameful things, and then hid in regret for weeks afterwards. 

I managed to finally fail out properly my sophomore year, spiraling further and further into the depths of my depression. I've never since come up. 

I've gone through years of numbness. I've done CBT, hypnotherapy, tried every drug they could throw at me, tried specialized diets, ECT, and even some experimental drugs. Literally thousands of dollars of my parents and my own money wasted in a fruitless attempt to make me feel again. 

I'm exhausted. Every part of every day is an internal struggle. My body is haggard and breaking down. I've slowly extracted myself from every important relationship in my life. I could see the pain I was causing those around me, and I couldn't stand it. 

I've researched ways to go, and plan on doing it so at least my organs can be of use. People who still see joy in life deserve to keep on living, and I wish them to it.