Suicidal in GreeceThree weeks ago I posted a thread in a facebook group informing about my intention to commit suicide sometime in 2015 if my demand wouldn't have been met. I wasn't 100% serious with what i was talking about because that facebook group was a meeting place of right and left wing liberals and communists to troll and insult each other mainly about politics. My demand was that the Greek state to return to me the income tax that forced me to pay for the years 2012 and 2013 in which I was unemployed. Yes, unemployed people in Greece pay income tax, but that's not what i want to discuss here.

The police arrested me and drove me to the psychiatric clinic in Heraklion (Crete). They didn't even let me to change clothes (I was dressed with my jobs clothing and boots as i am trying to make a living by farming vegetables) and they didn't even let me to take with me personal hygiene stuff like a toothbrush. They jailed me in a dirty small enviroment that they called "severe place". The first thing they did was to take the cords of my boots. They didn't provide me with slippers or pajamas. My bed was on the corridor of this small enviroment because both bedrooms were full. The first thing I notice, when i lay on my bed, was the cables of the lights on the ceiling. They were clearly longer than the cords of my boots. Then I noticed the metal thin disc incide the bathroom with which they had blocked a hole but it was already bent, ready for me to use for my suicide. The enviroment was really dirty. The patients they were throwing their cigarette butts on the floor and they were even spilling their coffees on my bed (which because it was in the corridor it was the meeting place for everyone). 

I felt that the Greek state wanted me to commit suicide and they were pushing me for it even if I wasn't ready to do it! 

I stayed there for 24 hours. It was weekend. I didn't want to stay anymore and I opened a discussion with the nurses about the enviroment there. I tried not to be very serious because I was risking to be handcuffed in the bed. But they got scared especially about that metal disc in the bathroom (saw it their eyes) and in half an hour the psychiatrist met me in his office and after a quick discussion the took me out of the "severe place".

I stayed a week in the clinic mainly because it was holidays and the doctors didn't have the time to evaluate me. 

After this experience in the clinic i am thinking about my suicide even more! I wanted to commit suicide mainly because the Greek state really sucks and taxes unemployed people like me and after this psychiatric treatment, the Greek state makes me even more angry.

I am thinking to commit suicide but I want it to be public. I want to post in a publishing place on the internet my story with every kind of detail. I want also to blackmail them with my demands. A very clear demand is to return me the income tax I paid while I was unemployed. Another demand is at least the director of tax agency in Agios Nikolaos (Crete) to be fired! I called her in order to state to her that I was unemployed and I shouldn't be forced to pay income tax for income that I didn't made. She ironically asked me: and how do you survive (if you don't have any income). 

I might be bipolar or just depressive, but am I wrong to be so angry to the Greek state?