to other loaners out there.so i am a professional dishwasher. i have been washing dishes since i was 15. I have a few learning disabilities, and more than a had full of social disabilities. For more than 9 years my life has been on autopilot. It never gets worse, it never gets better. I'm 28, never had a girlfriend never been on a date, no first kiss, no "just friends". I weak up everyday asking my self, wtf is wrong with me? why can't i be normal? i guess in in my case the only thing keeping me here, is my family. 

Recently, since new years 2012, i have discovered drinking. I fast became an alcoholic, i cant seem to go from day to day whiteout at least having drinking a half bottle of 93 proof rum. All that has seem to have done is put my life on the fast track. Night become shorter, due to blacking out-forgetting from just simple memory loss. i fear as i get older and my family starts to pass-away, as such with life. 

I grow closer to pooping my top. I cant help but feel i should do it in a way that is at least seen by other to. Sometimes i cant help but feel the only reason why i was placed on this earth, was to show others "This is what happens if you don't follow the norm". I often ask my self, "Why am i here? my family OK it comes first.  But after that... Wash dishes? that seems to be all I'm good at. 

I only ever got C's in school thanks to the "Disable learning" put before my name.  If it wast for that i would have failed school. People ask me simple everyday questions, all i can think is "what?" simple thought/ thought processes are lost on me. I sit here alone in my room nearing 30, and all i have to show from my self is scares all over my hands. 

And a past consisting of false positives being told to me in hopes of jump starting a passion in my life. My biggest regret in not giving my parent and grandparents Children in which they desire. I fear, i will not give them their life time. its nothing they have done, they did there best, in trying to get me to be social in my lifetime. 

Not in a forcefully way, but in a natural way. But natural doesn't come to 
me, it never has, i think in a way that seems obtuse to everyone else. Again i hear, that's good! no, no its not. Females look at me, and only see one thing, a time sink not worth it. He cant make money, he cant provide for a family. Which they are right. I can hardly care for myself, how can i passably care for offspring? 

I'm mean common, he washes dishes for a living, how could i tell my parents/relatives about him?! i cant blame them. How can a professorial dishwasher be anything? especially when hes tried for 10+ years to be anything but, and has done nothing but fail. All i can seem to do anymore is Wash Dishes, come home, drinking tell i pass out~repeat. 

I hold dear each day, as i visit my parent each day after work, then my brother before work. I feel each time is a gift that will soon be taken away, and with time i will be alone. In my shitty world of dish washing, to be left 
alone and ignored. i mean sure there are on occasion a "good Christian Girl/Guy" that gives me attention. But its so obvious i cant help but feel, "whats the point, they are just going to graduate and forget about be" which always happens, always. 

I mean sure my life isn't as shitty as "the boys whose skin fell off(RIP)" but at 

the same time, its like out front, yeah his life is shitty, while mine is kinda 
"Under raps, its shitty, but not outright" to a lot I'm sure that wont make since, and i guess that will lean to another thing shitty about me. I seem to say EVERYTHING in a way that seems condescending/assholelish, even though i don't think or intent for it to sound that way. It leads to a lot of people hating me. I was helping out a co-worker yesterday with the larger can opener. "I don't know why you people have so much trouble with this thing" Sounds like an asshole dont it? I never meat it that way, but everything i seem to say comes out in a shitty way.

I honestly don't know why i keep on living, and while typing this i cant help but think, "why am I'm going this? I'm to chicken shit to follow up with something like this even if i get a response, even if i do, I'm sure i have herd of the "Advice" before, so whats the point. all i hear in the back of my head is "STFU LOGAN, no one whats to hear your bullshit problems, there are others who are better than you that deserve attention." 

And i cant help but think its right, even if i wasn't suicidal what would i do for the world, wash there fucking dishes??? I'm to mentally incompetent to do anything else after all. I mean look at this post, I'm sure its so full of fucking simple grammatical/spelling errors, people will instantly seen you are a piece of shit. 

I am tho really, i been on how many dating websites? for how long? 4 different ones for at least 5 years. How many dates? 0, How many Friends? 0. And for that fact how many friends have i made with Co-workers, at the lace i have worked for 10+ years???? 0. Whose fault is that? mine. It always comes down to me. my fault, my own short comings, my own inhibitions. 

Sorry to ramble. I'm sure the only karma if any ill get is sympathy, like attention i get. Which is basically useless, i think id rather get non. as it seems more appropriate for a stupid piece of shit like my self.  

Sorry for the wall of text. Sorry for the "Wtf skip, button" I don't blame you i blame my self. And again Anything you say, I'm sure i have herd more than once before, but i appreciate your kindness non the less, and at the same time i cant help but feel, as soon as my mom and dad are gone, Fuck this bullshit joke of a life, I'm out. i don't care if i got to hell I'm already there. fuck that if i end up in nothingness, I'm already there. fuck that if I'm reborn in a new lower life form, I'm already there. 

I am a piece of shit, waste of space, i am a failure to my family/ my self and others. And i have no drive/want, ambition, to change it. I am for ever fucked, and forever a time waster. 

peace. 