Hi.I'm sitting on the floor in my room, modern phone in my hand, a text from my SO pending, friends talking in our group chat, everything I need, and I'm still miserable. 

Hi. I'm, well, insert name here I guess. I'm 17 years old, from an upper middle class family in a western, wealthy country. I mention the wealth status neither to brag nor to hurt anyone. If it did, I apologize. I mention it purely because I don't understand why I'm not happy. 

I have every need covered. And yet, every night, I still cry myself to sleep, hoping to die before the alarm clock rings again to bring more misery. I have a lot of existential fear. Everything I do in my lifetime seems so futile and meaningless. When I don't exist anymore, time will pass by so insanely quickly, because I'm not there to notice it. Everything that matters won't be interpeted by me anymore, nothing can hurt me then. 

I've had these thoughts for about 3-4 years now, but general suicidal thoughts since I was 12. After my 16th though, they became much more frequent. It's fair to say that not two hours go by without me thinking of jumping off a high building, let alone a day with peace in my mind. 

I also don't know why I'm writing this. I guess I'm not looking for help, just looking to spit my mind. I'm rather sure that therapy won't help, nothing can give meaning to life, that's simply how it is. I don't really like the idea of artificial happiness through medication either, for obvious reasons. 

I've come to terms with that this is just the way it is. I suppose I'll live on for now. I hope I somehow find the strength to end my existence in the future. I don't know what's holding me back from doing it right now, I can't seem to figure that out. 

It's funny how both my fear of existence is irrational, but from the premisses that base that fear, not being able to end myself is also irrational, if that makes sense. 

If you've made it this far, thank you for reading. I'm sorry this post wasn't much interesting, and I'm also sorry if I seem like an asshole for saying these things. I understand if you think of me that way now.