Just "woke up" with a gun in hand. Trembling. Scared. Total mental breakdown.this is problably not going to be typed out very well. I'm shaking too bad and my head is scrambled. 

I dont know whats happening right now. i feel like I'm on an alien planet with no recollection of how I got there or what's going on. 

2100 was trying to sleep in my bed, time of wrigint this is 2301. Loud noises outside (live in BFE with only one neightbor for miles). Realized I'd gotten out of bed and had my shotgun in hand, walking down my driveway. 

Went from bed to there in what seems like a second. Put the shotgun in the bushes and walked on over to neighbors. They were setting off fireworks. 

No earthly idea why this upset me. I'm shaking, cold sweat and scared out of my fucking mind. 

came back home after a quick and pleasant chat with the neighbor, realizing it was fireworks going off. Half-way realized this when I stashed the shotgun. Independence day + country folks = big booms. 

Now that im home. Sit on porch for what felt like several hours. Hands still shaking. 

No FUCKING idea why. 

Then my entire surroundings seem foreign. Don't feel like this is my home. Something's not right. Feel very endangered. 

Contemplated this situation. Tried to rationalize with myself why I'm displaying this distress, figure out step by step how i got here. Needed to think out the entire incident, and any pertinent information leading up to now, in order to formulate what I should do just like any normal rational person would. 

Then I realize there's a huge gap in my memory from a few years back. I cant recall exactly when, or where, but theres a sinking my stomach where it hits me tha tI cant account for what I estimate to be three years sometime in the late 2000's. I feel like I'm going to puke any second. 

I'm scared for my life. Legit scared right now. I'm afraid of my surroundings and paranoid. 

Everything I'm experiencing right now is completely out of my normal persona. Never to my knowledge have i dealth with this. 

I'm on anxiety and depression medication and have been for a few years. HAvent skiped a dose and nothignis out of the ordinary. Just freaked the FUCK out right now. 

Goddamn trying to sleep one minute, world got flipped upside down to where i dont feel like the same person. 

What kind of fucking mental basketcase does this? I'm a stable person. Stable govt career, plenty of stability in my life. What the hell is going on?

I posted here because i think you all are best with dealing with crazy people. I called a close friend to come spend the night with me. He lives a couple of hours out. Will be here later. 

So nervous right now i just needed to vent. Goddamn. 