Failed to attempt suicide a few times and only a few things keep me alive(English is not my first language so sorry if I make mistakes) Hello, i am 19 years old. My life has always been quite a struggle. The past couple of years have been taking a toll on me. I am in a situation where I can't move out of my house or even move out (for personal reasons that involve my family). I had my first suicide attempt at the age of 13 because i was bullied severely and a bunch of older men online were humiliating me and they were stalking me. Some even asked for lewd photos, i did end up sending some just so they remove embarrassing posts they made of me that caused others to witch hunt me. I tried to hang myself. The next suicide attempt was when I was 15 when I ended up being in a horrible relationship with a man 4-5 years older than me. He was racist and sexist. I was also sexually assaulted around the same time but it was another person who did it. My entire life I've been very different from others. I just feel like i don't belong. Whenever people see me they either make fun of me, they are rude or they're scared of me. I grew up in a religious area and I was always the local emo kid. You can already tell how I'm usually treated here by my peers. Years pass by and at the age of 18 i attempt suicide again. I tried starving myself and I've attempted to get ran over and I attempted to jump off a highway but usually some pedestrians stop me. My parents have been fighting a lot, two relatives passed away and it made things worse for us. My sister (whom is disabled) hates my dad because he's become rude and demanding at times. I love my parents, but my dad's behavior needs to go. He's threatened to leave us. He's insulted my mom and he brushes off my mental health as just attention seeking. He does the same to my cousins whenever they've expressed their depressive state. I've tried telling them to not yell and fight over small things because it makes me uneasy and it gives me severe anxiety. I'm just told that I don't have anxiety. I've done "drugs" (cough medicines for example) at home just to shut the whole world around me. My dad isn't abusive at all, he's just unfortunately becoming like the rest of his family. Rude, judgemental, quick to start arguments and any little mistake will set him off. This morning my mom washed the wrong clothes for my dad and he got upset and told her to shut up because she's irritating. My sister's behavior has been getting worse too. Due to her condition she is very impressionable and ends up picking bad behavior from my dad. My dad is still a great person though and I understand he's been through a lot of shit. But it doesn't excuse him to be like this. Back then it was rare for him to argue but now it's so common. Like i said, his family is pretty toxic at times. The only things keeping me alive are my pets, my boyfriend and my love for videogames. I've been doing content online to distract me and to keep my family quiet since they know that they can't embarrass me and themselves during a live broadcast. While I enjoy doing that stuff, on the inside I'm just dead. I'm just going autopilot. The reason I do it is to have people to talk with while having fun. None of my family members can bother me while I'm doing it. I'm just afraid that one day I'll completely lose my passion for everything I love and I'll end up being gone from this world for good. If I could move out at this very moment I would pack my bags and go. But my family put me in a situation i didn't choose that is preventing me from traveling or moving out. I can't even get a job. Either I'm stuck here suffering with their crap and my mental health disorders or i just take the easy way out and end my life successfully someday.