Everyone loves me, but I don’t.Forgive me if this is the wrong place for any of this.. 
Let me start with saying I’m absolutely and optimistic person. Glass half full. I try to bring light to any room I’m in. I have a lot of friends. I would say 15 close friends I see week to week at work and around and at my house and every where really. I have a super loving mom and dad and huge family that are absolutely amazing I’m never sad or disappointed because of them. Only ever in a sense of my longing to see them. My last two girlfriends have been absolutely the coolest two girls I’ve ever met. The first one we broke up mutually as I wanted to move for my work and and she wanted to move oppositely for school. (She’s doing amazing and I’m super proud of her.) And my most current ex girlfriend was so awesome and is going to college and she’s a league or three above me but she loved me so much and I helped her get her amazing job she has now that translates well to when she graduates and she’s fantastic but I broke up with her because in my head I just didn’t want a girlfriend anymore.... One of the absolute greatest humans ever and I just broke up with her. Almost literally just because.  And it has helped me to realize I thought I did it so I could grow and develop on things I’m working on. I have a very steady and lucrative job for someone in their low 20s and I’m doing very okay financially. I stream. I have a small podcast. I do comedy for a verrryyy small group. (10-15) I’m literally doing great. But for the first time in my life I want to kill myself. I haven’t even thought about how but that’s what I want. I can’t stand what my mind thinks anymore. Im not pleased with how I look but that’s natural. But I’m scared and confused?! I know depression comes in so many forms but I don’t understand??? My biggest fear is that I will be forgotten. And it sickens me. I can literally think about how I feel I’m not making enough of an impact on this earth and worry and bother myself until I’m throwing up and bawling. I don’t know what I need but I’d love some insight. Thank you so much if you’ve read this and I’m scared to see what you’ll have to say..