Life is so tedious and lonely**Tl;dr**: there's nothing to make life interesting, the people I care about are gone, and I don't think I can handle the future.

I’m really just bored and tired of life. It’s so tedious, and I’m realizing that the world of opportunity I expected once I left the rigid structure of high school is just a myth. It hasn’t gotten better; it hasn’t even gotten different- going to classes, doing homework, and intermittently having a decent time in college is not the welcome change from high school that I was hoping it would be. I’m trapped on this campus with no means of escape, bored out of my mind because everything is still too easy and I can’t help but doubt what I’m doing because of that. I sought out a challenge, the hardest major and the hardest minor in a college with a reputation for making them harder still, and I find myself relearning the basics of vectors in half my classes. I have nothing more to do than sit in classes, walk back to the dorm, sit in my room, and maybe eat if I even care enough to do that.

It’s so lonely here, too. My longest term friend, someone I’ve known for most of my life, is here with me and yet it’s meaningless because we still have nothing to do together. As long as we’ve known each other we’ve never had very much in common, and the mutual clubs we did in high school are behind us now. And all those people who were in the clubs with us, the people who were like family, are out of contact. My boyfriend, who I’m still technically dating, remains in high school 2 hours away, but that distance is insurmountable without transport, and somehow is unchallenged even over text. I’ve written him so much about what I’m doing and who I’ve met, I’ve asked him questions about how his life is going, and I’m fortunate to get more than a dozen words in a week. He was the person I could talk to, and who knew about all the troubles I had with identity and my family, and I was the person he told about his struggles with stress and his own suicidal past, but he’s never around to respond to me anymore. When we were together we’d do everything- we’d play games and go out and watch movies- and he kept me from being so bored with life and caught up in my own head. Without him I have far too much time to myself.

While I cite boredom as my cause, and it certainly is among the reasons, it’s also stress. I don’t know if I can manage once my classes actually do get hard and I’m so uncertain of myself. I took a test earlier and I changed my answer after seeing a person near me put down a different one that also made sense. After the test I checked and I was right, and I just feel so awful for doubting my answer, especially when it could bring me down a letter grade on the test. The fact that I wasn’t certain of the answer, and that I didn’t prepare at all for the test… I don’t know if I’m as ready as I feel when the teacher is going thru material that feels like review. I don’t know if I’m in the right major either, even tho I don’t think there’s any I would prefer. I really don’t care that much.

I also feel so robotic. I identify as agender and asexual, a hollow person who hardly feels human and is pathetic at interacting with others. I can put on a front to make friends, with smiling and some excitement, but really I don’t care about any of these people. The people I did really care about seem to be in a different world, and the most important person I’ve had in my life for the past four years is hardly in contact.

I’ve thought a lot about suicide. I don’t see life getting better, at least not fast enough. I can’t stand to wait years when the 24 hours of a day feel like an eternity. Living for the future feels so awful, but there isn’t enough to do in the present. Nothing can occupy me enough. I’ve done art, videogames, programming, streaming shows, countless clubs, school work, and just walking around campus but nothing can hold my attention for more than an hour span before I get bored with it. There just isn’t enough to do in a day, at least not enough that I care about, and certainly not enough to fill the rest of my natural life without a terrible feeling of pointless tediousness in each passing day, where all work is put towards a future that can hardly be better.

If I made an attempt on my life I would certainly succeed. I wouldn’t want to suffer life beyond an attempt, for I can imagine it would be even worse than the present. It would be quick, after that moment of doubt that is probably inevitable.

I know that I could just continue life and I would do fine, but I don’t feel like the effort is worth it for an end goal of getting a monotonous job, maybe finding a person I care about, and maybe getting to travel or do other interesting things.