living with trauma, and dying with itI was violently drugged and raped as a child, by people that went on to work in law etc. People that preach "Oh, statutory rape and grooming are terrible" with their pro-child rape friends with "Check out my suicide awareness art piece" etc. but have followed me to my old university (where I had to quit studying, because of them) a university that won't give me security footage or anything.   
I avoid sleeping on my back, if I lay on my back I have intrusive flashbacks. I haven't had any other sexual experiences, the incident is fresh in my mind and body. I'm afraid of older men and women. I'm afraid of going out and I've also had extreme psychogenic seizures. I've attempted to kill myself 3 times over my life. The last one, I was thrown into an ambulance by police and treated badly... they thought I was on drugs ( I wasn't) without doing any tests and treated me like so with all the stigma and disrespect, didn't help me at all. Enter my mother, who was being held back by my father as she screamed "You want to die? Then die! Try harder next time!" and I came home to my younger siblings who've been brainwashed by my mother and one of them says " You should die". Social workers came over because of my mum's display and my mum blamed me - nothing has ever been the same. It's like I'm barely her daughter anymore. She's kicked me out of the house, paranoid that I'm going to "ruin her life on purpose". They never helped me when I was younger, all my mum said in response to the rape was "What, you're selling yourself now?" - I was so young!!! - and "Just take the punches, be tougher". When I was younger my parents were all "You're too young to confront it all" as if I was shameful to them, to "You're old enough now to deal with seeking out professional help yourself, financially too". In the face of terrifying, debilitating confrontation the only free law service that Is available and a person who raped me works there. I'm so afraid of calling in and they happen to be on the other side. Rape cases don't even have good chances, best I'll get is a restraining order not even those evil people in prison. And well, I've volunteered at safe homes and in activism against DV and have experienced and heard that people just walk straight through restraining orders. I want closure, but I only have to the end of this year to have a viable victim assist claim to help with legal and health fees, writing a crime report with so much pushback and violent confrontation is so so scary. (For child victims here, they only get little time to eligibly go forward). I have proof in messages and there is a witness (One of their friends though) but I'm so afraid I'll fail and the abuse will start again. The stalking, the threats, the me going out for my little sisters birthday and them being at the same restaurant and waiting to catch me alone. I fucking ran so hard, I've been running all my life and it's all I can do. Disgusting that there are so much injustice and the people that commit and they can live so well, clear of mind and guilt when I am suffering and feeling like I am already dying every day. I've been thinking more and more that the pain I live with every day is more than enough to point towards suicide. Suicide where it's my right, my last compassionate, able and merciful right to my abused body. I need to be put down, I'm already a dying fucking dog. The only thing keeping me here is the intense fear of repeating the same life, and that I haven't felt sex that is loving - I don't know of love. I don't feel any ownership or safety within my body, but dying might be my last chance. a part of me needs hope, I need someone to compassionately see me for me and all I could've been if I wasn't so wounded.