My Understanding of LifeI’ve often been told that I’m very intelligent. My IQ has been measured to be around 160 - 170, but even then I️ can’t remember the most basic of information given to me. Anyway, Life. 

I️ used to be this happy kid, always smiling and running around, full of joy. I️ have no personal recollection of this but apparently I️ was one of the most happiest kids in the world according to my parents. That changed when I️ was young. Apparently I️ came running, crying (the first time they’ve actually ever seen me cry) to them. This actually was my first conscious thought. My mom said that she doesn’t know what happened, no one does. And it’s been since this time that I️ haven’t been happy. This was when I️ was maybe three years old, maybe less. 

I️ am currently a sophomore in High School. My marks are good, and I’m actually kind of popular if not to sound a bit “cocky” but I️ have plenty of “friends” and lots of people know me. In 8th grade, that’s when it really hit me. I️ was just always depressed, I️ didn’t do any homework or study or anything related to school. I️ just gave up, simply put. I️ stopped believing in God. I️ just gave up. It was that summer that I️ attempted suicide for the first time, only for someone to call my parents and send me to the hospital before I️ actually could. 

I️ guess what I’m trying to get at is not that I️ want help. I️ don’t want to be alive. At all in fact. I️ find joy in thinking that I️ will die someday, and even more joy in thinking that it could happen at any minute. All I️ want to get across is that, I’m decently smart. I️ understand a lot more than people give me credit for, on accordance with me not speaking much. And with that I️ can give the answer to why smart people usually seem to be the ones to want to end it all. It’s because we realize that nothing matter more than anyone. There is no God, no afterlife, no meaning. We understand it, and when it comes into our minds that we’re so meaningless, we often break down. Life isn’t worth living, but it’s the people that are in your life that make it worth living. For me, however, there’s not really any…

Thank you for reading if you’ve gotten this far. 

