partner threatening to commit suicideAnd I feel guilty and responsible.
The thing is, I convinced my partner to go to the psychiatrist. He got prescribed meds. Everything seemed to be going well, until...
There is this boy that is my best friends for 10 years. There was never chemistry between us, we are just mates. Throughout our friendship he did some nasty things to me, but somehow we always got back.
When I started dating my partner he immediately hated my friend. I told him some bad things that the did to me in the past and it formed an image of an abuser in the head of my partner. The truth is, I should have held my emotions, but even though I tried to explain to him that it's not the case anymore, he hates the friend guy very much. He never openly told threatened me, but after every conversation we have about the friend he gets extremely suicidal. Two days ago he locked himself in the bathroom and later he told me that he held a sharp object and wanted to kill himself, he was very close. I cried like crazy and he told me that he is disappointed that the most important person for him reacts in such way, because it makes him feel like a bad person.
I have no idea what to do. I don't want to lose a long time friend and I feel emotionally manipulated. I have not told anyone because I'm scared that my partner will get mad and will do something bad to himself. When I told him I feel manipulated he wanted to kill himself for being a bad person for me because he felt like psychopath and he hated himself for that. On the other hand, I distanced myself from the friend and he is angry at me for that. He doesn't understand why I did that and he feels cheated because our friendship was very important for both of us. So. Here I am alone. With everyone being angry at me, I feel constant guilt and need to do everything my partner wants me to. I love him very much and I don't want him to end himself. But I also don't want to be put in the position where I need to chose between friend or partner. I feel really sick of this all, I have no idea what to do. My partner doesn't want to go to the therapy with me. He also doesn't want to get any more psychological help. I cannot force him, it must be his decisions. I feel so alone.

Anyone has any tips on how to talk with either of them? I feel embarrased that I got myself to be so manipulated and I don't want to admit it to my friend because he will tell me to leave my partner. And I CANT live him. I would feel guilty if anything bad happens to him. I feel the responsibility for too many people at once. I want to see counselor but first I decided to do a research on the Internet and ask you on this subreddit. How to talk with suicidal people?
Is there any solution? 
This situation is just so sick. I'm afraid to tell anyone, because no one will understand. I feel so alone in this. 