My friend told me she doesn't want to live anymore, where do I go from here and how can I support her in the best way?Cross posting to relevant subreddits as I really need advice here, Apologies in advance for grammar mistakes and as this will be long and I'm on mobile, I am typing this out in bed while this is still fresh in my mind, also happy new year.

*TLDR: among another stressful life events, my friends mum has been recently diagnosed with potentially fatal cancer, my friend is not coping and tonight she broke down and openly talked about wanting to die and also talked about how and when she would do it. I am scared for my friend and need some advice on the next steps would appreciate any and all support on this. I live in Northern Ireland UK.*

So some background about my friend which is relevant to this. She is in a relationship with my brother and is like a sister to me. Her mum has recently been diagnosed with stage 2 pancreatic cancer, as far as we know it has not spread to other systems and she is receiving chemo at present, we are waiting to find out how effective the chemo will be to determine whether she may be a candidate for the very life  threatening surgery to remove as much cancer as possible. Going by the little info the doctors have said the prognosis is not going to be great and we are looking at months to years if we are lucky and perhaps months or weeks if not, her mum may day on the operation table or soon after due to high risk complications of the surgery. 


During a small new years eve get together my friend was hosting she suddenly got up and was absent for quite some time. I went to check on her and found her with her boyfriend(my brother) very upset and sobbing/struggling to breathe. When I asked her what was wrong she said several times how she wanted to die, wanted to kill herself, didn't want to be in this planet anymore. I am a newly qualified nurse so when I heard my friend talk about killing herself (which I have never heard her say before) I naturally tried to be an active listener, ask her what was getting to her and making her want to die etc. I also had to ask if she had any Intentions of harming herself in this moment or later on, and asked if she had made any sort of plans or how she would try it if she felt like it.

She told me that she would slit her wrists with a knife as soon as her mum was dead and that there wouldn't be a reason for her to exist anymore after that. I listened to her, hugged her and I didnt try to fight her suicidal thoughts  or be judgemental I just made sure that she heard me when I told her that I loved her very much and that so many people In her life would be devastated if she wasn't here anymore.

She mentioned other things too, feeling pressure from multiple places and people, work, friendship issues and feeling lack of family support. I mentioned perhaps she reach out to HR in her job and let them know that she is not coping and perhaps be granted some leave of absence for mental health reasons. I broached the issue of seeking professional mental health support through the health service  as she was clearly struggling to cope, but she says she's already on some sort of 9 month waiting list. (I'm living in Northern Ireland and the mental health services are notoriously difficult to be seen by even when you are in crisis and suicidal.) 

I suggested her opening up to a counsellor, or talk to her doctor about her depressive feelings in hopes a medical professional may signpost her to some real help or perhaps try medications that might help. She is not the type to open up to medical staff, in the past she has been seen by counsellors for anxiety and she was not honest during the initial session and pretended that she didn't have a problem and did not return for a second.

After her going through cycles of being more normal, apologising and then getting so upset she could barely breathe and talking about wanting to die again, she eventually went to sleep. And now I'm lying here not knowing what to do but knowing that there is something seriously wrong and that my friend needs help.

What do i do reddit? Do I broach this subject with her tomorrow when she's sober? Do I wait for her to talk to me? Where can I go to get some real genuine mental health support for my friend(live in Northern Ireland UK) ? Do I get family members involved or try to get other friends to reach out and let her know she is loved? How do I let my friend feel safe enough to open up to me and tell me what she needs from me? Being a nurse I would feel icky sharing some of the details of this with people who aren't medical professionals able to help and to be honest I feel torn between respecting my friends wishes to remain silent and being vocal to others who may be able to help. All I know is something needs to be done ASAP because I can see my friend drowning in front of my eyes and I can see she needs help. I'm scared I will lose her someday soon.