wtf is wrong with melike i feel so horrible and i cant understand why, i am getting help i got an autism diagnosis and im getting therapy but it feels? so? useless? im too afraid to bring up the fact that im suicidal when my dad is there because he will be so dissapointed. its not that he doesnt know but just i feel so worthless when i bring it up like im inconveniencing him with it. then i am also too afraid to tell my dad and my therapist that id rather not him be there because i need him to be there when we talk about such useless shit like making routines and i dont need routines i dont need any of that i get it im autistic i dont have to know how autism fully works okay i just want to stop being suicidal already because i hate it! i hate it so much! i want to give up and i feel like a burden on everything. i know people love me really but its not like i actually care. when people throw the 'suicidal ppl are selfish' thing around im like... true i am very selfish! i couldnt care less because when i am dead none of their pain will bother me anymore. in everything i do i want to try to not bother people, i wanna stay under the radar so no one has to listen to my bs.

yesterday was my grandmothers birthday and i went there. it felt like a goddamn cross examination and i hated it. it felt like they just went 'what are you doing with your life?' 'when are you going back to school?' 'have you lost more weight?' 'why are you so worthless?' and they were all very happy i was there. i was less happy i was there. the answer to those questions are nothing, no idea, yes, because i suck at everything.

i logged onto a game recently to find out it was no longer dead now im decent at this game but the people were playing some variation id never played before and i sucked and i say 'i gtg' and i cried because i felt id emberassed myself so much.

i keep isolating myself more and more and i know its bad and i keep staying up till 5 am and i know thats bad but why wouldnt i. i need to take showers more frequently and i need to go to the dentist for my bazillions of teeth problems because i dont brush my teeth but im too emberassed to go. i need to go to the hairdresser to cut off my matted hair because i never comb my hair anymore but im too emberrassed to go. i need to get this vaccination people my age need to get but im too afraid of needles to say anything about having missed the date. im afraid of everything and im anxious about everything and the world just feels like its all horrible and everything is terrifying except sleeping and goddamnitf i just want to die already

im just rambling now. actually ive been rambling this entire time. i dont think any of you can help me. i dont know what im trying to achieve with this. sounds like the ramblings of a mad man.