Prolonging my brother's life by promising him a group suicideHi. I'm 46, and long story short, my once kind and gentle soul has been destroyed. I hung in there as long as I could. I've been in therapy for almost 40 years. Been on so many different meds and nothing works. I've got no future to look forward to. I fucked myself by living a pretty awesome life in my 20's, traveling round the world, teaching English, etc...But it's now working against me as I really don't have any proper skill set nor experience that is respected by hiring managers. I've got intimacy problems related to massive trust issues, and am generally broken and unfixable.

I love my mom so much, and she has worked tirelessly her entire adult life to help me and my brother out and give love and support and her last pennies. I have responded positively to this, but my junkie thief brother who has FULLY ruined his life with multiple divorces, children who have never met him or only knew him for the first 2 or 3 years of their lives, $60,000 in child support arrears, smashed credit...He's fucked. He does SO MUCH heroin and has said to me multiple times that he doesn't care if he dies - when it comes, it comes. It doesn't help that he secretly hates me (He got half a mil insurance settlement 20 years ago and just pissed on everyone like he was better than us, and was fully vocal about his contempt for me). Well, in 2 years, he spent the whole half mil, selling a lot of it to JG Wentworth (can you fucking believe it?).

Anyway, I suffer every day. My life is a mess. I am a recluse, afraid of everything, and want to die YESTERDAY. But I will NOT make my mom bury her son. That's the only reason I'm still alive - I just couldn't break my mom's heart that way. It's bad enough I'm a good-intentioned fuckup living like I'm 19 and just moved out of the house with no family or career....

But I'm really afraid that my brother is gonna die and my mom's gonna be super heartbroken and either will die soon after, like many do after their loved one dies, or she'll live and be tortured every minute of the rest of her life, missing him, blaming herself for not doing more....I can't have that.

So I've presented him with the idea that if he just holds on until Mom's gone, we'd do sort of an "In Brugge" thing where we get a bunch of credit cards from all the mail offers, head to Europe first class, yuk it up until the cards get declined, then find a beautiful secluded spot together and die (method not disclosed due to sub rules)...At least with each other. It will be painless.

He seems cool with this idea, but is still being super reckless with heroin and is pretty much still *trying* to OD and die....

Sorry for this random rambling post....Just gotta get it out and I have nobody to talk to.