Originally posted on a throw away but might as well be me, updated for a few friends to know i think of them toI hit a huge hurdle and its first hurdle if I don't have and I don't feel like I can conquer it. I don't have enough money for rent due by June 1st. And I lied to Mom about it, so I can't ask her for help. If I ask my dad then it's going to come full to my mom and an I dont want to hurt her more than I have. My parents are divorced and they only talk when it comes to us kids. My mom has given a lot to me over the past few months and I can't take any more from her.

Im Leaving with my tent and five hundred bucks I have and my bike, I've hurt everyone enough and me being in this state just hurts others more. I wish I gotten to this better me I thought I'd been the past month, two three months ago. I would have been back to work and this would not be an issue right now.

My job has informed me that they are no longer holding my position and that I don't necessarily have a spot to go back to. If you're a friend of mine then in the past few days you've heard me say that I'm scared that my job is gone. Well it looks like what I thought was true.

I wish my mom love from everyone, you have more of an impact on your three daughters and one son than you can possibly imagine. You're an amazing woman. Dad you did teach me at ethics, thank you. You taught me how to be responsible for my actions how to recognize what I do is more than just me and my circle. Mission trips to Honduras will mean more to me than you can ever imagine. Alison, Robin you are amazing sisters and I couldnt have asked for more, Joey you're right in there too. I will forever remember long-ass drive to McKinney and bathroom bubbles and the bathroom lol. Joey I hope you keep it real, you know I'm messing with you.

Mirryha, I've loved you since I've known you and it's taking a long time to the point where I thought you should go fet another dude lol. Not going to say I dont want that dude to be me. You mean more to me than any person on this Earth, I would give my life if it meant that you had everything easy. I would give my life 20 times. You deserve the utmost respect and whatever I could not give to you. I'm sorry I put you through the past few years.You deserve the most the best the foreverist first. And don't you forget that. There's someone out there that can do 12000 * what I thought I could do for you and that many if not more. You are amazing. Forget your sunglasses tan, your body is amazing, and more than what I could ever have dreamed of. Youre gorgeous and I hope whatever guy find treats like I did in the beginning.

To some of my closest friends,  Steven you are the big brother I never had growing up, I hope that you're able to get past this. You're stronger than me. Laney you're an amazing woman. you treat  Steven So well.  I wish I had the relationship you two have.  My relationship ended to my depression, I did things I never thought I would do to someone else.  Ashley's meant a lot to me, you always try to be upBeat.  Amy Stacy and JLo, y'all were my crew when I first moved here.  Everyone has drifited apart and I don't know how to deal anymore. you got to understand the difference between want you and your ability. yeah I want a lot of things but I tried really hard to better myself now I'm going to be homeless in two weeks, Im aburden for everyone

I really had come leaps and strides and Bounds over the past few weeks but this hurdle I feel is more than I can come to. I lost my job I can't pay for rent and I have to ask everybody for everything and that's just not something that I can do .

If you're reading this then you figured out that something has happened to me by my own hand. No one but me was involved in this. I didn't not love life. I only found that out recently. I loved my friends and laughing and being me. But I didn't know how to cope and how to deal with life struggles and when I got to a point where I wasn't happy with me and the shift fractured. Anyone reading this is better off just accepting that I had potential, and they love me for the time being.

I love you Mo, I love you Mom, I love you Dad, Alison and Robin I love you guys so much, Joey I love you, keep your head up


denver you were awesome to me when I first moved.  It's been almost 4 years and my world is turned upside down. I never contemplated moving anywhere else but now my homeis gone.  I don't have a friend to call to stay. M that's how you beat it. 


I love all of you very much,  it's not that I don't love life. I found out that I do love life I just don't have the means. you had a friend to go to help you with whatever depression, I don't have that, its me and my couch vs suicide and it might win. 

Countdown to July 1st and homelessness - Till when we are all in harmony, your little kk, Kelso, Kso, Kelsey. I do love you.