My futureHey! It’s been a bit since I’ve been on this reddit, thankfully. I generally have pretty constant, waxing and waning suicidality. But my new one and only goal is to find a nice alley to lay in, hide in a sleeping bag with a stuffed animal from when I’m a kid... and not letting myself move, no matter how cold, thirsty or soaked I get. Just absolutely let myself dissolve, hopefully just lay there until I’m gone.

It is..: harder to describe to people then “I’m suicidal.” And this is because I know I will never kill myself. Every time I’ve time I’ve gotten to that spot where I have the ability, and got down to the last second, I never do it. I never will. I am the perfect patient because I’ll never do it. But if I could just let myself rot away?? 

I’m traumatized to the point that every single day everything I do is thinly motivated by not being in more pain. I have severe physical disabilities, an assortment of mental bullshit, I didn’t finish school, I’m to depressed/lazy(depends on who you ask) to work or stand up and contribute to society, I’ve been in therapy for years with no progress, multiple medications have only served to make me starve myself or more suicidal, I literally don’t function as a human. I sleep for hours and do nothing btt it waste time, or wish to be dead already. 

I talk about my future in vague terms. Referencing an age I don’t plan to live to. I’ve spent most of my life like this. I am unbelievably, bone chillingly tired. I don’t believe life gets any better then this. I have been in love, I’ve been happy, I’ve seen babies be born, been to Hawaii, had a lot of fun, and life still doesn’t seem worth it. None of that was good enough to ever make me want to stay. I wish that I could have a peaceful few months until I can disappear without any major trouble, but they will not be peaceful and the people in my lives will not contribute to it in any positive way.  Since I cannot work, or will not work, I will never achieve anything. If I can’t work, I’ve fantasized about what it would be like to be homeless. I wouldn’t need to worry about suffering because that’s all there’s left for me. Then at least I might live. But I don’t want to.