I can’t leave until a specific three other people leave before me. That gives me several decades. Is that good enough?When I was a kid, my older sister died suddenly. It was unexpected and it really messed up my parents. It’s been 15 years and they still hurt. They always will.

I began feeling suicidal a few years prior. Social trauma and a familial disconnect caused by a perceived (or actual? I can’t trust myself to see it clearly) favouritism caused me to develop through all my formative years with the understanding that I had less value, and was only useful or good as a backup plan if no one better was available. I was the last resort friend, I was the child that didn’t measure up to the expectation the first, favourite child had set.

I’ve always felt, despite the fact that I don’t believe in any “powers of the universe” or “gods” etc, that the universe messed up. It took the wrong sister. It should have been me.

She was smart and beautiful and had so many people who loved her, she had a passion for life and a desire to make her future bright and happy.

I’m definitely not very smart (grades proved that when I was a kid) and am exceedingly average or a bit below (told so by most people I’ve known who weren’t blood related this obligated to say nice things to me) I have one friend (who lives on the other side of the country and we chat maybe once every three months at most) I don’t enjoy being alive for the most part despite my efforts (tried making friends, did university, travelled the world for years, nothing makes me feel anything for more than a handful of days) and I honesty just don’t care about trying to change it anymore. I tried. Changing it all for so many years and the constant failure only made me more miserable. 

I can only put up with so much failure before things end up feeling much worse. I’m actually happier and more calm and likely to stay here when I’m not trying to change any of this.

**Instead I am better prepared to continue living as long as I know I have suicide as an available backup plan.**

I didn’t try to kill myself prior to my sister death when I first began experiencing the desire to. It was really bad for three years but I was very scared that my family would be punished in some way due to my chosen methods. I didn’t want my dad to be charged with negligence or something or be held responsible for my death if I decided to steal one of his rifles. I didn’t want him to feel like it was his fault if I stole his medication. I didn’t want mom to blame herself if I stole her razors.

So I decided to wait until I could find a better way that would minimize impact on others.

Then my sister died. I don’t blame her, yet part of me is furious that she stole my freedom to die from me. Now I have to be responsible for surviving my parents. They had to have at least one kid and everything would have been fine had she lived. She would have been successful and gotten married and given then grandkids. I’d be held in loving memory and would be at rest.

But no. Now I’m trapped here because I can’t allow my parents to suffer that again, not alone. 

I survive on a sense of duty alone. When they grow old and have lived the best lives possible, they will pass away, and I will finally be free. I pretend to be happy for them, I pretend to feel fulfilled and pretend to care and pretend to plan for a bright future. But I don’t actually want any of it. I just want them to believe that their lives have been good and that they did a good job (they did) and for them to be happy with their time on this earth by the time they go. 

I just hate the time investment that’s going to take.

They are two of my three anchors, the only things keeping me from drifting away from it all. When they go, I go. As long as I never let them know that will happen they can be happy and I will have done a good job.

The third anchor is my boyfriend. He’s everything to me. I love him so much and he makes me feel so loved and so worthy. I won’t let him know about my plans either though. I can’t have him staying with me only out of fear that he will be in some way responsible for my death if he leaves me. It has to be a relationship that he wants to be in, not one he feels obligated to stay in our do guilt and fear. I don’t want to be that manipulator who says “if you leave me I will kill myself” and I won’t be.

I don’t think we will be together forever even though I want to be. He’s the one thing that makes me actually curious about what life will be like in the future. He makes me want to stick around and find out. That’s too much responsibility for one person so I can’t ever let him know that though. That’s such a heavy burden to bear and I refuse to put him through that.

But we probably won’t be together forever. I have no career prospects, no job, no money, I hate and will never want children, I just have no future to offer him. Someday he will realize this and leave me. I’m at peace with that too. What I want most in this world, aside the freedom to escape it, is for him to be happy. If that means being with someone else, then I want that for him. So I’m kind of just waiting for that to happen. I’m going to enjoy it while it lasts and allow myself to feel a joy for life for the first time. Like a vacation from reality. 

And whenever, however, why ever I lose him, I will put on a brave face for him and support him. And then I’m done trying. I won’t be open to meeting anyone else. He is my happily ever after. I don’t need or want anyone else.

So then it will just be me and mom and dad, and then, very briefly, just me.

So I’m not going to kill myself today. Not tomorrow either. Nor the next day, or next week, or next year. Barring a significant tragedy, it won’t be for decades yet.

I wish I knew how to *want* to be here instead of feeling like this is a prison sentence, but I can’t. Therapy does nothing. Antidepressants do nothing. Positive life experiences do nothing. 

I hope it’s good enough. Depending on my parents health that means I might even make it to 60 (which depresses me honestly, but that’s my duty to bear.) 

I wish I could want to live until 60. But I’m just so tired all I want is to sleep.