Help pleaseHello,

I'm a 38/m and I think I've had depression off and on all my life but things have been really bad since 2016.

Since then I have quit 2 $100k+ jobs. I am now almost 3 months into a 3rd job and have to quit and this was the last chance I gave myself. Since 2016 I've spent about $60k living off savings when not working.

Not sure what to do?

I would like to quit now while my boss still likes me and I could use him as a reference later. If I stay I know over next 1-2 months I will disappoint him and lose any reference. That would end any future career (3 jobs with no reference = I'm done).

I was forced to sell my house and move to a tiny apartment. I will soon get the remaining of my savings from that sale. I would like to give away that money to family and then kill myself. If I don't do this, I will just live off the money until it's gone and then kill myself anyway after 2-3 years which is a huge waste.

I have a dog I really love and there would be no where for him to go so I always have the worst dark thoughts about killing him with me and I hate it.

I have a small family that is not close and my Mom is disabled from a stroke and this money will help her live for the rest of her life. I have few friends that I've neglected over the years and have no plans to reconnect or tell any of them any of this.

Over the last \~1.5 years I have not been able to get any pleasure from things and have done nothing social. This is not an option as I struggle with clothes and normal conversation and am not a fun person to be around.

I tried for Disability benefits before quitting the last job and was treated as a huge fake and denied even with my doctor's support. My doctot gave me psychiatrist &amp; therapist references, but I threw them away because I thought I would get better on my own. Now I've been waiting for a psych reference for 8 months and can't wait any longer. I do not want medication (I took Escitalopram since 2014 and quit that on my own 6 months ago).

Hoping someone could give me some ideas to avoid killing myself or pathways to get better that I have not thought about.