I'm only 22 and I have already lost everybody in my life. I litterally only get through each day by forcing myself to not do something selfish.When I was 18 I had come extremely close to jumping off a bridge and killing myself because I felt so lonely, I obviously had severe depression and through therapy I was sent to do tests which confirmed I was quite high on the autistic spectrum. That was where many of my confusion came from which led to my lonely feelings and depression. It was around this time I started seeing my girlfriend. 

Fast forward 2 years, I was 20 and in my first year at university, I had a mother who was the only person in my whole life that I could talk too, I had a father who I may not have been as close with but who was my hero growing up, even after I found out my mum left him because he hurt her. This very bad past between them bled into my childhood in ways I didn't realise until I met my girlfriend and saw how a normal childhood is supposed to go.  

About two years ago now, when I went home for the Christmas holidays, I found out my mum had lung cancer, the following week she went to the hospital, I spent two weeks living in the hospital 24/7 with her making sure she was never alone, I slept in a chair next to her every single night and then most nights for the next 4 weeks until she died and I lost the single most important person in my life, the woman who raised me and who I lived with until I went to uni. 

This caused my stepdad to have a mental breakdown, I began to fear for my own life and had to leave. I was basically homeless because in my head, my dad's house wasn't an option although I loved him dearly, I didn't want him to think I was in trouble. 

I then moved in with my girlfriend for the remainder of the year, in which time my dad was diagnosed with cancer (he was actually diagnosed a year before at a similar time to my mum but kept it a secret), he died in October the same year as my mum. 

Sprinkle in grandparents dying, all my pets dying etc and it was an absolutely horrible year. 

So now I'm back at university and the plan is, do university, propose to my girlfriend, get a house blah blah blah. 
Except about 2 weeks ago my girlfriend broke up with me (3 weeks but I didn't even realise for a full week). She was the absolute light in my life, when everything went to shit she was always there. Apart from my mum, she is the only person in my entire life I could be myself with and open up too but now she's gone too. 

Anyway all this is just context because  I've just moved into a very nice apartment this week which I got when we were together specifically because I thought it would be nicer for her as she hated my last accommodation. I thought this could be a place where we could actually be alone together (her family was huge and I had roommates). But now I'm just here all alone. I've got nobody, no parents, no girlfriend, no home to go too when I'm not at university, very few real friends. Nothing. 

Every single day it becomes harder and harder to push down the bad thoughts which I struggled with even before my life went to shit. I can't tell anybody about my suicidal thoughts because everyone I know also talks to my ex and I don't want my her to find out and worry about me and start trying to fix things for all the wrong reasons. 

The only reason I'm hanging on at all is because I can't imagine how much pain I would cause her if I did anything, I still love her and couldn't do that to her. But it's so hard. I just have so many bad feelings that it hurts, it's real pain, it's like having a physical injury on my soul or something if that makes any sense. I think it's weak and cowardly to kill yourself, I have personally seen how it affects people close to the deceased and so I'm trying as hard as I can to hang on but at the same time these things I'm feeling are so much worse than what led to me standing on that bridge 4 years ago and are getting to the point I just want to give up and make them stop. 

I feel like a footnote on a lot of peoples lives but actually important or loved by anybody. 

Anyway, sorry for the big dramatic novel of complaining but I don't have anybody left in my life to talk too (even the ones that "are there for me" I couldn't tell this too) and I just needed to tell somebody because apart from trying avoid causing my ex pain I can't think of any other reason to hang on.