Most Exist with a Point. If I ever had one it was lost long ago.I was going to write this huge thing but why, it doesn't matter.

Nobody around me seems to notice that im coming apart at the seams. Terror when dealing with superiors at work, nervous twitching whenever the phone rings.

"Why are you so negative?" "Stop being a Debbie downer!" "You have to force yourself to be happy!"

I work in a position where I have to be happy and cheerful when most of the time I am thinking about walking outside and laying down in traffic. 

But in reality I need to figure out a way to go that does not harm the internal organs. &lt;Content removed in compliance with SW Submission Guidelines&gt;

This is what I think about at work. 

Maybe a few people could live with some of my parts?

The weak minded sacrifice themselves so the weak bodied have a chance?

Barely able to make rent and electricty.

Student Loan people wanting a monthly payment thats a few times more than I make in a month before taxes.

The real reason why its my fault is because I had the silly notion that I could better myself.

140K for a crappy art degree and no marketable skills.

I can design a frictionless wind turbine, I can explain how bodies move around the sun, I can explain the geology of almost any regional area in northern america and europe.... but I can only get a job that pays 9 an hour.... thats the best I can do... evidence is showing that thats the best I will ever do.

Armed forces wont take me due to records of past attempts and past medications. 

Nine year old me could of died easily, said nothing while the allergic reaction took him in the middle of the night.

Thirty-one year old me just stares out the window.

I dont cut, thats just superficial damage. 

I just stare up a the celing, watching the fan.

When I work days i sleep maybe 1 or 2 hours... when im off days I sleep 20-22 hours.

My roomate offers to get me high but I politely decline, I don't imagine it would help my situation.

August 21st 2017.

Ive been waiting since June 10th 2002 for it.

Im just rambling at this point.

I hope I can bounce back up again.

Post End.
