Feeling a bit 'reliefed' (help with writing notes for people?)No more....

No more stress, no more worries, no more fears and uncertainties. 

No more anxiety! No more worrying about the future, on the decisions that I should take. No more second guessing every text or message sent, no more worrying about what people may be thinking of me, no more worries about going outside, no more worries about speaking, no more worries about making friends, no more worries about whether or not people may think of me as their friend or if it's just me, no more sadness, no more depression, no more Crushing feeling in my chest, nor the feeling in my stomach, no more feelings of hopelessness, no more having to Have ANY of this. 

I had been thinking, very hard, about it last night. Just...no more anything. 

I have some online people I talk/talked to sometimes; if I DO decide to, what do you think I should say? I know that ghosting would hurt Alot, so that's out of the question. And I don't want it to seem manipulative if I don't decide to go thru with it. 

I have 3:

One is a groups, we are planning on making an animation/comic. I am going to be the BG maker. We haven't talked much. Age group varies--there are the younger sibling, so I don't know.

One is my French online pen-pal, we're both working on improving. And we have been! We/I haven't talked to as long ly as the others.

One is....I don't know anymore. Not sure if he wants to talk with me anymore (though maybe it's cause I'm feeling down. Or maybe he is busy, or maybe he really doesn't want to talk anymore...
  But he is the one I have talked to the most, and have talked til. Since he may or may not have had some second hand or first hand experiences with manipulation, I REALLY do not want to mess this up if I decide to not do it. Thats the problem I'm facing  with online; there'd be no 'taking away' the notes. Once written and sent, it is sent.

Edit: Think I might talk to them about it (or at least tell them/one person that I am feeling like this. And hey, if it does happen, then they'd know.