I've been screwing with my own life and future because I hate myself.So I've never really thought myself to be an especially great person. This has been true as long as I can remember in my admittedly short life. However for the past few months I've fallen into a pit of self-loathing the likes of which I've never felt, and I'm terrified it'll end badly if I don't take some sort of action.

More specifically, most things I've tried to do I keep defaulting to the thought that I don't deserve whatever positive benefit comes from it, and as a result I do nothing. It's not that I don't want to, it's that I feel I haven't earned it, and shouldn't be allowed to have it.

I've missed out on a lot of things due to this, thinking I didn't deserve petty things like snacks or going to a friend's house, but as of late I've been depriving myself of things like eating or sleeping. I recall a time about a month ago when I went a couple days without eating anything at all. Hell, after a screaming match with my dad I went to where I store my savings and tore up just over $100 out of thinking I was too stupid and lazy to deserve any money.

This is what brings me to today. Now I'm sure you've caught this by now, but I'm a teenager, in my Senior year specifically. And as a result of my inactivity I've fallen behind on a lot of work, and am failing most of my classes. Today I was pulled out of class to see the counselor and she informed me that with my current grades and percentages in my classes, I am likely going to have to continue attending into 2019. And seeing as my school's grading system is... Difficult to deal with to say the least, there's nothing I can do about it Naturally, this crushed me.

(To clarify, I'm missing several important assignments from the first quarter, but it's school policy that students aren't allowed to turn in work due last quarter.)

I was reasonable enough while talking to her, but the second I left and entered the empty halls I was in tears. And my condition didn't improve throughout the day, even after seeing what friends showed up today.

I know potentially being held back doesn't sound bad, but between my parents who are expecting me to do well and the fact that should I fail I'll more than likely be kicked out is starting to take its toll on me. What brings me here is that today I've been thinking about finally taking that final plunge into the abyss, and a lot more than usual. I've already attempted twice, but both were rather rushed, so it's no surprise how those thankfully turned out. What's really getting to me is the fact that I've actually thought about everything. Who I want my possessions to go to, how I'm gonna do it, and where I'd hide so help couldn't find me.

Now the fact that I'm posting here in the first place shows that I don't want to do this. I want to stop thinking that I don't deserve to graduate. That I don't deserve to have friends. That I don't deserve to be happy. I want to stop abandoning my friends and sitting out in the back until lunch ends. But as of now I don't even know how to being addressing any of these problems.