Me, delivering a graduation speechMy dearest classmates, 

During this graduation day students came on stage to babble their shitty, mundane stories about how school made then a better person. I did too. But you want something real. So here is some heartfelt monologue I ripped out from my chest. Enjoy. 

6 years. 
I came with nothing, and yet I managed to lose everything. If only...if only someone can read the slightest bits of my mind. If anyone was ever close to comprehending my emotions. But I guess I can't blame anyone, can I. It was me, and everything I've done to ruin myself would be in my debt. Afterall, I am the one ended up in the bottom of the barrel. 

There is absolutely nothing for me to miss for the 6 years. Nothing. There wasn't a single day where I had control over self destructive coping mechanisms, slitting my goddamn wrists in the toilet. All the bonds and friendships meant nothing but a brief moment of grace that would eventually end with a painful reminisce, spoken by the self loathing voices in my head. 
But again, none of you were friends to me. So why bother giving you credits. 

And you know why? I've been pouring down Ritalin down my fucking throat, every fucking day since 11th grade. And I don't have ADHD in the first place, shocker! That's cause I'd rather slip into another episode of nonsensical euphoria than letting you fuckers remind me how much of a failure I became. 

As much as I hate myself, I have to give myself a thumbs up, that I managed to survive. And you know what's good about wasting 6 years being utterly miserable?

Everytime I experience the tiniest illusion of love and care, I go ahead and abuse it, 
manifesting it into poisonous state of mind where I crave that feeling in my head, over and over again, until I can no longer picture what reality actually offered me. Lea, if only you can hear this. 
For 6 years I was unable to feel that. At all. Even at this moment, I don't find myself craving any second within these 6 years. Cause all they ever remind me, devoid of any love and care, was pain. 
And I've learned to live with that, through these endless days and sleepless nights. 

So it's good. It's good to be utterly miserable. 
And that's my high school legacy. 