I want pain and suffering to come my way.Am I an Ephebophile or pedophile?

Hello there everyone. I just thought I'd come here to share a part of my story and I'm hoping to get some input on where I should go next. As this story continues you might notice my writing seems to be random, sloppy and lacks information which I do apologize in advance if this occurs as i struggle intellectually which I will get into later. So allow me to introduce myself. I'm Austin and I'm a 20 year old male. I currently live in a small town far away from the outside and busy world where I endure every single terrible day of my pathetic excuse for a life. Currently I work at a fast food place, live with my parents, have had a few pathetic attempts at moving out, trying to believe I'm normal and capable even though I'm not and never will be, dropped out of high school, have had a long history of skipping school, I've made poor choices and I am unmotivated and pathetic. However this isn't why I'm here. I'm here because for the past couple of months my eyes have really been opened up when it comes to my past, my state of life and the fact I am disabled. So let me give you some context on what's wrong with me and I'm not using this as an excuse in anyway. I have a mental handicap, multiple learning disabilities and have struggles with mental health problems for a majority of my teen years. This has resulted in emotional immaturity, poor judgement, lowered critical thinking skills and language issues. Even as I'm typing this I just cant get the words out on how this impacts me as I barely understand this myself. So for the longest time up until a few months ago I was in denial about my disabilities and I was desperate to be normal. For my entire life I've dealt with my family bullying me (not my mother) about my disabilities and I knew I had a learning disability but I didn't know what else I was dealing with. I wasn't self aware enough. If I had to describe what I deal with on a daily basis it would be manic behavior, a lack of hard thinking, obsessions, a lack of self awareness and just a lack of common sense. 

So now that we got that out of the way now it's time to discuss my journey to how I ended up here and becoming such a piece of shit. So around 2 years ago I lost my girlfriend. The one that meant everything to me, the one that knew all my secrets, the only one who cared about me and the only one I talked to for 2 years straight. So I was 18 at the time and it was my first time moving out due to a shitty home life and the hatred towards the school I was going to. I wanted my old life, my friends and my old school back. My family ended up homeless for a year due to a failed moved and all 6 of us were crammed into our grandpa's 2 bedroom home as he was our only close relative and we had no where else to go. I was tired of my school, having no friends, living in the middle of nowhere and and constantly starving due to the lack of money. So the summer of that school year ending I looked for a room rental in town, registered myself at my high school (I was extremely behind in school and was never good at it) and got welfare. My goal was simple. Go back home, graduate and go off to college. Simple right? Didn't fucking happen. So I was a week into the school year and it was going pretty good. Got my classes, was well dressed and saw my buddies for the first time in a whole year. I was happy for once. Then I was buying a plane ticket to see my girlfriend and two days before the flight she dumped me as I was leaving work. I got a ride home from my buddy and I didn't cry but I was crashing down inside. As soon as I got home I started screaming so loud my landlord heard me. I was screaming, crying and then I immediately started slicing my wrists. This was the only person I talked to for two years. The only one I cried to, talked to, shared life with and the only one who would be there for me. This girl was my life. Then I met the girl I lost my virginity to. I was pressured and poked fun of until I gave in. I was still in love with my ex. I cried immediately after because I wanted to save it for her. I'm not going to get into much of that one as I wish to forget about it but long story short she got me into heavy weed and nicotine smoking and I still struggle this to this day. She was abusive and demanding thatch all I wish to say. Then that one ended and I haven't had anything serious since and never want to again because I still love the one that broke me. She's still around in my life. She sent me a video of her with the dude she cheated on me with (sex), I watched her have a kid with him, I watched her cheat on that due with the one shes with now and I watched all of this because I still love her and I can't leave. She's 19 and I'm 20 now. When she left me that's when my life stopped progressing. I dropped out of high school, became lazy, unmotivated and addicted to weed, smoking and alcohol. I was pathetic and still am to this day. 

Now to the controversial part of this story. I believe I'm a Ephebophile. I don't know if I am or if It's even possible at my age, mental capacity, etc. I never victimized someone but I did do stuff with someone who knew my ex who was 16 and my ex is 19. It was never physical, all online and she usually initiated but I fed into it. I didn't say no because I was stupid as shit at the time and all I saw it was as she's a little younger than me and we were still both in high school (I was in and out due to mental health issues). I never victimized her, made her feel awful or anything. It was purely an opportunity which I should have said no to. Then later on I started reading articles about pedophilia and I was unaware of the differences of all the Philes. This girl had the body of a more mature woman and at the time I assumed it was someone my age messaging me but I engaged anyway. I was immature, didn't truly understand how wrong it was and now I want my life to end over this. Everyday since I read those articles it's in my head constantly. She's fine, we both separated in good terms and she has a boyfriend now. I truly saw it as just someone a little younger than me and didn't realize what was wrong....I was stupid and pathetic. I want to punish myself for this. I've had thoughts of suicide, turning myself into law enforcement, seeking help, disappearing from everyone I know and even mutilating my body to suffer pain as payment for what I've done. Am I a monster? Did I hurt someone? Am I a pedophile? Am I depraved? Am I the same as those people who jerk off to CP and prey and manipulate minors? Should I just end it now?....I have too many questions with no answers...disabilities that I still don't fully understand how they impact my life....I fantasize about how I want my life to be back the way it was before my breakup when I was sober, young, had a good girlfriend, a healthy home life and a bright future...Is this where my end starts?......you tell me. I'd really appreciate opinions as I need something to go by....I can't live with what I've done...even if I didn't hurt anyone it was still wrong....I want something bad to happen to me.....because it's what I believe what I deserve....everyday I fantasize about something bad happening to me....I crave it...I want it....because a piece of shit like me doesn’t deserve to have the gift that is life...