I think I need to go to a mental hospitalI wanna die i wanted to die since I am 14 years old in fact I want to die since I ever remember. Death fascinated already at a young age. I have no fucking idea what made me so depressed and so envious to die since my early ages. Since I am fourteen the symptoms of my envy to suicide and depressions are mostly that when I wamt to kill myself I usually imagine a bullet and a gun. The bullet goes through my head. I want it to happen so fucking bad that I get a headache. From 14 years old to my 18 years old I was able to control these pulsion of wanting to die because I was forced to socialize and socializing made me forget about my problems which for me are still nonexistent and I see myself as a spoiled little brat who do not deserve to even think about death and that people should kill me for what I am thinking. At my last year of high school I started to skip school just because. Just because I was sad and didn’t feel like socializing. Since I got to uni this year, my whole life has been a failure and psychologically I just cant stand it. I isolated myself I mean I isolate myself most of the time. Since nobody is monitoring me like nobody is living me I am just with myself, I started doing most basic human things. I just socialize once a week so people do not suspect anything. I cannot even focus on work. I try to I cant. I go to the internet to the point where I just forget that I have duties. There are weeks when I dont eat and weeks where I overeat. Most of the time I oversleep. I dont wanna wake up but lately it is harder for me to find sleep. I wanna fucking die. I wanna die so much I cant even focus on writing proper sentences. I have to soon tell my father that I fuckign failed this year thus I wasted money a year, and a lot of things including my mental health. I have to explain that I have to take a break next year to really find what I wanna do and what is my problem. But cant because I dont know how. Since I remember I dont know how to express feelings nor emotion to my parents or even my closest friends. I wanna fucking die. And I forgot how to live. 