I feel like I’m going to have a mental breakdownI’ve been casually suicidal (like... I wouldn’t care if I got hit by a car, wouldn’t move out of the way if one was speeding toward me) for most of my life, beginning at age 5 or 6. I turn 20 in two weeks, for reference on how long it’s been. I used to pray back in elementary school that I would die in my sleep, and I’ve never reached a point where I actively wanted to be alive. Recently, I’ve felt so fucking awful and I’ve wanted to die so badly it’s insane. My mother treats me like shit because I’m not a Trump supporter. I hate my job. I’m not good at anything, I lack a lot of basic skills due to my years spent crippled by mental illness, and I objectively offer no worth to anything in the world. Talking to therapists doesn’t work because I don’t trust them not to judge me and no medication works. Recently I had a big confrontation with my parents because they were talking shit about me with my little sister when they thought I was out of the house. I wasn’t, and I let them know I heard everything. Of course, then they were like “omg you’re just so negative! It’s hard to spend time with you because you make everything so glum!” and I finally snapped and was like “IM SEVERELY DEPRESSED AND HAVEN’T BEEN HAPPY SINCE LIKE 2007 WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO”... so they pretended to care about me for a couple hours, which was nice. Immediately afterward tho they continued to treat me like pond scum. So like I said, it’s always just been casual and not anything concrete, but for the first time in my life, I’m genuinely considering ending my life. I just don’t know how or which method is most precise while also keeping the pain to a minimum. My biggest concern would be who would walk in and find my body? That’d be scarring for whoever it is, regardless of how tenuous my relationships with my immediate family are. I imagine I’d place increasingly blatant notes throughout the house like “there’s something upstairs!.... please prepare yourself before going into Emma’s room!..... call an ambulance first maybe!.... there might be a dead body in there don’t freak out it’s fine” lmfao  💀 anyway. Hopefully I can muster up the courage to do it very soon. Not sure if I should wait until before or after my birthday tho it might be cool to be 20 for a little bit