Is it me?This is my first post on Reddit, but I don't know where else to talk like this. I can't, no matter how hard I may try, find beauty in the world around me anymore. For so long I felt normal amounts of anxiety and sadness, but was able to always be the light in the room, the funny and lighthearted guy. In the past year, I feel like I have seen clearly for the first time in my life. I feel such an incredibly intense despair, not for the happenings on this planet, but for life itself. My life feels cruel and neverending. Everyday before work I wake up and sit there, thinking, and truly believing, that life is empty. Void of meaning and inherent value. Which, by itself is not necessarily bad. But I don't care to make it valuable. I just feel like it would distract me from the truth of life. I still go through the motions. I make sure I look presentable. I behave very politely. I can't even begin to explain how hard this is getting. I feel like I have a ball of hot metal in my chest everytime I pretend to care about what someone is saying to me, or when I ask someone how they are, not because I care, but because it's an automatic response. I still want to be good, to do good, but I can't see a point to it anymore. Every time I don't have a computer in my face for 30 seconds, my mind inevitably goes into dark places. Every time I drive, I just imagine gently turning the wheel into traffic. It's not like my life is difficult by any means. I'm extremely lucky to have what I do. But I crave death, I mean I really fucking crave it, I hunger to feel my conciousness disappear forever. I've made preparations for suicide before, but that self preservation instinct holds me back. I don't know where to go or what to do, so I guess I just whine to fucking strangers on the internet. What I've been able to describe the feeling to myself as, is it feels like thrashing for air as a thick black fluid seeps into my body. It hurts, bad. But it feels comfortable at the same time. Comfortable like being home in some way. I very truly cannot live much longer unless I find some way to find value in living.