watching the world move on without mei'm only alive for my loved ones. i don't want them to be further burdened by me and the idea that i chose to leave this world. they don't care that i have to live in excruciating pain and sorrow   to stick around, but that's just humanity for you. nobody wants to feel the blame and guilt of not being enough for someone.

i am 19 but i might as well be 80. i already look back at my life with so much disappointment and regret. people my age have done so much, yet i've done... nothing. absolutely nothing. and i'm confident that i never will, considering i spend all day dissociating and crying and watching t.v. and wishing that i get taken in my sleep.

i don't know if i'm lazy or not. i don't think that i am, but at the same time i have zero motivation to achieve any goals. i've never had any career aspirations, and i've only gone to school because i felt like i had to. at this point i think i might fail my classes this semester, which is a big deal since i've gotten all A's my entire life (what a fucking waste that proved to be). i've honestly just got lucky and cheated my way through this shit. i'm a fraud. 

and i don't want a fucking job. even a career in something "fun" for me (such as poetry) sounds like way more work than i can handle. everything is so much work. i can barely handle getting up and eating a proper meal. the idea of spending my life working at a job i don't care for fills me with so much sadness that i want to hurl myself into oncoming traffic. i mean, how can people bear to spend more time with coworkers than family? how can people bear all of this? aren't they miserable?

i know that all of this is a problem. i just don't think i want help. i've tried a shit ton of medicine, but not a single one of them worked. i've been in and out of therapy and have had multiple hospitalizations (those definitely made it worse). i started therapy when i was six because of how anxious i was, and i hated it from the very start. i've always felt like therapists were fake because they only listened to me for money. 

my last therapy session was in spring of 2019. she told me i would "never get better if i didn't want to get better". i sat there, tears flooding out of my face, and asked, "what if i don't want to get better?". i remember it so clearly. i got up and left in the middle of the session and never went back.

god. i don't feel human anymore, and to be honest, i'm not sure i ever have. my emotions flit from crushing loneliness to blinding rage to passion and love to intense numbness in minutes. i don't have any true interests and i don't know how to interact with people. i just try to copy their mannerisms so that they like me. usually i'm just irritable, shallow, cold, and annoying due to my mental health problems... so yeah. i don't have any friends. i used to but i've lost them all along the way. nobody ever texts me to check up on me.

all i have is my gf. she's too good for me and i treat her like shit. i don't mean to, but i'm just too depressed to handle her problems along with mine. she deserves someone that is a better support. i've begged her to break up with me, but she doesn't want to. we've taken small breaks before but i think we're very co-dependent (me more than her). i'm staying alive for her, but i don't want to admit that. it'll just add more stress and worry into her life. but it's getting too hard to pretend to care about everything and i don't know what to do.

there is a special kind of pain that comes from watching the world around you move on. i mean, as i'm sinking further and further down into this pit of hopeless despair, the world is still turning and everyone is alright without me. here it is! the proof! i don't matter one fucking bit! i don't matter! 

it's weird to see everyone around me moving and growing and experiencing the wonders of life that i will never get to. even the things i have done/will do are tainted by this deep sadness and loneliness. i think that's probably the worst part of this all. even if i do travel, or do move out, or do make a friend, it'll never seem as amazing as it does to the average person. i spend a lot of time distracting myself by scrolling on social media, and everyone seems to have such a wonderful time. i know it's not an accurate portrayal, but god... it must be nice to have that type of life, even if only some of the time. 

i'd say that i want to move out and live some unique life, one where i don't make tons of money but feel fulfilled anyways, one where i find hobbies that fill my days with meaning, but, i don't. truthfully, i don't. i don't want to do anything. i just want to close my eyes and never wake up. i guess i just want to spend one more day on earth. i'd like it to be chilly and windy and overcast, but still bright. i could sit outside and go for a long drive and stare at the scenery. i'd admire the trees and the grass and the charming houses with cute gardens. i could finally eat my favorite foods without the guilt of the weight i'd gain (so much pasta and cookies and hot chocolate and garlic bread for sure). i'd make sure to tell my family and gf how much i loved them, and i'd apologize for being such a shitty person. i'd give my dog an extra long hug and spoil the fuck out of her. i'd take a super long shower with the hottest water and afterwards i'd put on my favorite lotion (vanilla patchouli) and warm socks and a big comfy sweater and lie in a cocoon of blankets, so tightly wound that i feel like i'm being hugged. with one big, soft, resigned breath, i could just fade away. 

i think i'd like that.