Life with PTSD is a sick joke, and then we die. Fuck the system.I’m too much a coward to kill myself. I can’t tell anyone how many times I’ve tried and failed. What few friends I have wouldn’t speak to me anymore, and my therapist would have me sent to an inpatient facilities in the city.  

The same facilities where I was almost strangled to death by an ex-con in the bathroom. The same facilities where I saw a man stabbed through the arm, and another beaten black and blue by the orderly. There is no healing in those places.   

People treat me like freak for struggling with PTSD. My friends distance themselves from me, my neighbors mock me, and my adoptive family cut almost all ties years ago. My therapists talks to me like a child and tells me to just cope indefinitely.

*Think happy thoughts and take deep breaths.*  

He’s the 18 or 19th person I’ve seen, and frankly the only reason I put up with it is because it’s he’s free through government program for low-income people. I cant tolerate medication at all, apparently I have a condition that makes stereogenic either ineffective or dangerous. I’ve been on all the pills, and I mean all the pills; no help.  

I lost my career, my job, and most of my money. I will never be able to do anything but work once I am able to get a job, running on a treadmill day after day just to make ends me and never being able to. The system is rigged and mobility is a lie.  

I have no girlfriend. It’s not something I can manage, not since the rape.  

There is not a living person who really cares about me. Not really. I don’t mean much to anyone, I’m just a side character in other people’s lives

I’m never likely going to end it soon. Strangers will probably tell me some empty things like they care about me and to stay strong.  

Nothing is going to turn around without more personal sacrifice and struggle than I have left in me. When I told my therapist that he smiled, and said I was strong. Maybe, but all strength is finite. I’m drowning and the only rope I get are some nice words.  

I need more but there is nothing more for me.  

Life is a sick joke, and then we die. Fuck the system.