I'm honestly way too worried about my future and I don't even know if I should even try living.Things have been shit at home. Parents always arguing and swearing with each other (mostly about money), constantly pressurising me to do well in my studies despite my deteriorating mental health issues, and also way too controlling about the things I do. They never believe in my mental health diagnosis, even argued with my psychiatrists because they think I'm just exaggerating and faking it. I used to see a counsellor, and she's great. She's like the only adult I know who truly understands my situation But my mum hates her, so she just cancelled my next appointment with her, and now I'm no longer seeing her again. Fuck.

And gosh, I've seen so many psychiatrists. Some were bad because they didn't treat my mental health properly, and some got fed up with my parents arguing and then just told me to leave and see a new psychiatrist instead.  I'm currently seeing my 5th psychiatrist and not even a week has passed and my parents already hated him. My current psychiatrist recommended my parents to see a counsellor so they can stop saying stupid shit about me, but I'm pretty sure they wouldn't want to because to them, there is no such thing as mental illness.

I have tried many medications for my depression, anxiety and ADHD. None worked. Not at all. Some even gave me horrible side effects. Also, I feel stressed whenever I take my pills, because my parents would shame me for doing so, and it's like making me guilty af.

My life is full of shit and I just want to die. I'm lonely, and I don't find joy in everything else I do. Everything's all too boring. I'm not even doing well in college due to anxiety and severe ADHD and I'm probably gonna get kicked out soon as I have taken leave of absence for too long. My parents actually know I'm suicidal, but of course, they don't give a shit because they think I'm joking.

When I think of my future, it looks pretty bleak. I don't see myself being a normal person at all. 

I. Just. Want. To. Fucking. Die.