I've already accepted it.It feels like I'm living in a fucking Truman show created by myself. Everything's fucking terrible, I barely care about the people around me, I cant talk to my parents about anything, I'm always the last to learn things, I'm too picky to enjoy eating around others and I'm too scared to trust anyone enough to open up to people in real life. Everything's already at rock fucking bottom as yet somehow I manage to find the perfect balance of braindead and numb to keep myself content every day. But every few days i suddenly realize how shitty everything is and I dont know what to do. I feel stuck in someone else. 90% of the time I just go through the motions, and the 10% that actually gives enough of a shit to realize that I should've killed myself earlier isnt in control for long enough to make me do anything about it.

I can barely handle basic frustrations because it always spirals into that same realization that I'm not fit to live here anymore, that I'm just some fuck who's only alive because he cant trust himself. I dont know who I am. I never did. I feel manufactured. Im going to school for art but I dont know if that's what I want. I dont know what makes me happy. I dont know who makes me happy. I feel fake. I dont get to feel emotions, the best I can do is guess what I should feel. I always just keep telling myself what I should feel and sometimes I convince myself I'm like everyone else, that im actually there, actually feeling. But it doesn't take much for it to fall apart, to realize it's all just some poorly done lie I'm feeding myself in some desperate and greedy attempt to convince me that I have any fucking reason to be here. Because at my I core I know I dont. It's always there, the knowledge that I'm long overdue. I should have killed myself years ago. 

That's the one thing that can make me feel. The fact that I should have done it. 

I hate it. I hate it so fucking much I dont have the words to describe it.

I should be dead. I deserve to be dead. 

Why cant I fucking do it? 

I know I'm going to. Theres no other way this is ending. At this point I'm just waiting for something to happen that can push me over the edge. I'm waiting for things to get just bad enough to let me do it. I want to do it. I really want to do it. But some part of me I dont know about isnt letting me. I'm just waiting for that part of me to die. Maybe then I'll be able to do the only fucking thing I actually want to do.