I'm just sick of this.I am breaking apart. I'm falling apart at my seams. I wanted to badly to want to live but I just can't bring myself to do it anymore. I'm all alone; I don't have any friends, I don't talk with my family, the one person I loved and wanted to be with left me after 2 years and is now engaged within a few months. I'm just sick of feeling this way.

I hate how I look, i hate how I am, I hate everything about me. There are no positive qualities to me. I can't meet new people, every time i try it just never works out. I get left behind, abandoned, ghosted.

I'm scared to die but I'm also too scared to keep living. I'll never find anyone who actually truly cares for me. I won't find anyone who will try and fight for me as much as I will for them. I'll never be happy with myself. I have no idea who I even am. I'm just tired of being a waste. 

But why can't I pull the trigger? Why can't I kill myself?
I want to be happy, I want to be loved and to love someone again but I doubt it will. Why do I feel like I deserve to be happy? Why do I feel like I am owed love and adoration? I'm not. I'm just some 23 year old who is fucking delusional. 

I want to live yet I hate doing it. I want to die but I'm too scared to. I try to say that things will pan out, everything will be okay but why should I think that? What have I done to warrant that kind of salvation from these dark unending thoughts? 

Who the fuck am I to think that I deserve happiness, to be loved or cared for, to be honored a place on this world? What have I ever done to deserve this sort of cosmic kindness? I haven't contributed anything at all. I most likely never will. So what sort of cosmic joke is this? 

I can't cry. I can't show emotions. I can hardly feel them ffs. I know I want to be sad, everything is screaming that I am not okay, that I am sad. But I can't feel it, I can't cry, I can't yell, I can't do anything to vent these emotions. Even when I'm happy I still feel nothing. My smiles and laughs are fake. I am constantly in a state of just numbness. Why?

I can't be happy, I'm too afraid to die. When will one of these feelings win? I'd rather be one extreme than stuck in the middle. This trigger is so hard to pull.