3rd Times the Charm?Alright, this will probably be long so I'm sorry for that but I have nobody who knows about any of this except one friend who I never see anymore. And due to the nature of the career I chose I don't think I'm even allowed to get help.

1st let me start by saying that I've attempted suicide 2 times before this. The first time was with a bunch of extra strength sleeping pills, (13 if I remember) which was regrettably stupid since all it did was make me in agony sick to the stomach. This was about 5-6 years ago.

2nd time was almost successful by hanging except I will point out that this can get agonizing too at least for the first few seconds. In this instance I couldn't comprehend reality anymore but was in extreme pain and couldn't get to a full black out :(. 

Know there is multiple reasons for me to hit the kill switch and hopefully get to restart a new life. Most people if not everyone doesn't know this but I am transgender, male to female to be more precise. I've been this way since I was 14 or 15 (am 25 now). Ive just felt better with female type stuff and have even done DIY transitioning because I'm just to afraid to get help. However it just doesn't feel like I'll ever be the real thing, just a counterfeit. I'm just simply not comfortable as a male and always see real females around and think "wow it must be nice to have been born with a body you actually love".

Second reason for me to leave Earth is dept...so much Dept, I don't think I'll ever pay off. So I'll never have anything nice in life. But at least I'll be free soon.

Third reason, I hate my parents, they are very unsupportive and see mental illness as something you can just "stop having". I mean, what if I told someone to just stop having diabetes or cancer? It's similar I think in that regard. It sickens me to know there are actually people like that who think it's a joke.

Anyway since my career path has put me so far in dept I can't see the light of day and cannot get help because I'll be shuned and maybe even ghosted and will never find a career in the field because nobody will want me. I've been planning out the third attempt which will be another hanging except REALLY planned out.

Anyway those are only a few of the reasons I need to die. My life has become so corrupted that I have to end it. The worst part about this is I just can't tell anyone or there might be a consequence worse than death.