18, suicided 4 times, Metally ill? Obviously something is wrong. I really need to speak to someone about my problems, but I do not know where to begin and who to talk to much less what to talk about.

I am just going to type, I would really like to be able to speak with someone.

I left quite a bit out, but I am planning on finishing the rest at a later time.  I am too tired to type about my life coherently and would really like input. There is some family stuff that I should add, but not much. Most of it pertaining to oh I met my grandparents, oh I met with them on these occasions, oh there relatives now know I exist. Oh these people now think I am gay. Forgive me for the lack of clarity, it is 3:41 am.

This is the part where I obsess about how fucked up my life and how the world has worked against me my entire life and its not my fault that I yadda yadda yadda...

    * My entire life I have been poor, even while living in a middle class neighborhood.
    * Periodically I would break down and have weird thoughts that consist of me telling myself that I am a worthless slut, stupid bitch, idiot, etc. and the rate of which I break down and ruminate has been occurring more and more often.
    * When I am in a depressed state I obsess over things and believe I have some sort of mental disorder/personality disorder  and try to diagnose myself. I realize that self-diagnosis is not helpful, and I should seek medical help.
    * I have taken anti-depressants and adhd meds before, but I dislike the use of anti-depressants unless they are absolutely necessary i.e. I am becoming depressed, but at this current time I feel that I am in a stable enough position to go without them. 



My earliest memories are of my cousins, aunts, and uncles on my mothers side our family in Nowhere, USA. When I was around the age of five, my mother decided she wanted to find out who her real father was against her own mothers wishes, so her mother shunned her resulting in our banishment from "the family tribe." **[This may have happened after or while the previous events mentioned unfolded]** We moved to an apartment complex in a town I vaguely remember, and I attended daycare facility #1 where my time was divided between letting other children shove sand down my pants, and watching barney while smoking candy cigarettes. Home life consisted of me being an ADHD tart, dancing in the rain naked, and dying myself green. I do not remember having human friends or really socializing at the time, but my best friend was a gerbil that was talented in the arts of escape. He would escape from his cage every evening up until the night my mother killed him while rocking in her rocking chair (the moment happened in slow motion for me and I even cried out for her to stop, but it was too late for him). Some time later my mother moved in with her good friend who was like an adoptive mother to her. I have some fond memories of her, but not many. During this time, I attended yet another daycare where I remember riding ponies, not being allowed to use the bathroom for some unknown reason by the fucking horrible daycare personnel, and being ditched on *Parents Eat With Their Children Day* (I told her everyday starting a week in advance that all the other parents would be there and that she should come too. The day comes, all of the other kids parents come, and I sit in the corner drinking milk and crying hoping my mum is just late. thiswas traumatizing). My mother and her adoptive mother, my "grams", had been my only social contact for about a year to two and a half years after I stopped attending daycare facility #2. My mother attended college classes in order to obtain COTA certification, so I was alone most of the time with my nearly immobilized grams (some would say neglected). My grams was taken to a hospital for some sort of surgery where her meds were mixed up ,effectively turning her into a demented old woman having no place to stay other than a retirement home that smelled of maltreatment, urine, and death. Once I was old enough to attend kindergarten, I was enrolled in daycare facility #3. My homeroom teacher *hated* me and the kids ignored me. My moms boyfriend at the time was a douche to her, and he mistreated me when we were alone.

~~~Memory too hazy~~~
   
Moved in with a wretched woman named Jimmy, who was a boyscout organizer and skimmed money from donations. At that time I attended boyscout meetings/events where I either dicked around or was ridiculed/taunted or ignored by fellow scouts and their parents. There was an altercation of some sort and we left.

Lived in a mold infested house behind woods that a homeless guy lived in. No Friends.

~~~Memory too Hazy~~~ Molested by a boyscout

Moved into an apartment complex somewhere else in the town. Some friends, all poor and trashy. I was played pokemon often. Had problems with teachers because I felt wronged at times. Emotionally unstable and thus sent to principals office frequently. Bullied by boyscout from my last troop. Lots of anger built up because I was blamed for bullying when I was in fact the one being bullied. I started acting out towards others. I had lots of time with the school counselor, Santos, who I suspect used me as a way to date my mum. Frequently cried, wished I was dead. Santos knocked up my mother. Harassed her, abused her, and then moved in with her.


Moved into apartment complex in another town with mum and her boyfriend/babys daddy. I finally made some friends, dated a girl for 1 week then was dumped when school started. I was mainly the loner in my group of school friends. Sis was born with autism, but I love her. I picked on a kid, made countless faux pas, and never really connected with anyone because I did not know how to behave + was insecure and had low self-esteem since forever. I was lots of trouble at school because of bullying 90% result of groups of kids targeting me and then blaming me for starting trouble. Admin hated me and thus sent me to in school suspension frequently. I was still very adhd at that time and a dick to certain people. Frequently cried. Wished I was dead.

Moved closer to my middle school in a suburb. Made friends with  the older neighbor kid across the street. After a a few months we ended our friendship, because his parents found his gay porn stash and blamed it on me. I was a loser, annoying, still wished I was dead. I dated another girl for a while, but I do not remember when. I was socially awkward.

*MORE IN COMMENT*