A rant on mental health and suicide, and a little piece of advice for everyoneI’ve lately seen posts about students committing suicide and the only thing that the school does is to speak out when your thinking of suicide or talk to someone about getting help. 

 That’s where it’s all wrong. People who are thinking of suicide some don’t even know how to get help. Some people are too scared, some people will think it won’t work at all, some are hopeless, some want to but have no motivation to do it. This is for most people so saying things like “speak out or get help” isn’t very smart. I myself have been suicidal before and it’s not fun, I never spoke out or got the help I needed because I was so scared of being judged and treated-like. I was scared of really everyone and what they are going to do with me. However I had a breakdown and the cops came and brought me to the hospital where I was there for three days, now my life is slowly getting back on tracks!

Another huge huge thing that people don’t comment enough is the waitimes to see a psychiatrist. Seriously it takes months to see them, but it’s not helpful when your already suicidal you know ? They need to make urgent changes on how they handle things like if you get referred but takes months the student might not even use the resources because that’s how nature controls us and then they ultimately commit suicide. It’s how they work and are programmed. We need new techniques and new methods. I’m slowly getting happier and happier thanks to my post (I guess?) that brought the police over here. 

Anyways whoever is reading this , I love you, if your already seeking help, then that’s a HUGE step! Congrats!!! Stay positive and fight off the negatives ! If your struggling to seek help or you don’t want help just know that your life is how you make it ought to be. Try step by step to improve your life in order to make you feel better. If it’s rejection trust me we all go through it but time will be your best friend. You’ll learn to eventually move on. If it’s school there’s always time to take a break and just focus on activities that makes you happy! There’s no rush so drop courses if you need to! If it’s family then just hang tight man, you don’t want to grow up to be that person ya know ? Prove them that your gonna be the best parent in the world! If it’s your appearance there’s always choices in surgeries but honestly you don’t deserve to go through the risks and shit, for this you need counseling to retrain and rewire your brain. I’m currently going through counselling for body dysmorphia. Life is great but it comes with a price; no one lives a perfect life and it’s up to you to counter and treat those negatives that will always come and go. You got this, yes you, not they, you, your amazing, no this isn’t sugarcoating, this is the potential that your choosing to hide. Goodluck my friends.