I think we saved a life todayI guess this post is the result of my life since the age of 13 to now (30) finally manifesting into something.

I made a transgender friend a couple hours away who's situation was so absolutely horrible (ex left saying they were going to job interview). In reality the car broke down and he was a coward (she is a Lyft/Uber driver so her source of income drive up.

I've myself been very, very close to the edge back in 2011 and was probably days away from throwing in the towel when I had a drug related seizure and my family finally agreed to help.

This person I met, though she never said so, were so close. Something told me I needed to pack up with my wife and go visit them. I'm not religious but there was some inner voice telling me. If there us a God that was him.

My wife, being an amazing woman supported this decision and came with me even though she was sketched out..

What we found was a situation so heart breaking that I am sure the only thing keeping this woman alive was her cat.


Before I continue I should explain my background. When I was 13 my grandfather shot himself. I still remember the cold way my dad "informed me" that my grandfather was dead. When I asked what happened he told me "he shot himself" and walked away. I really believe when someone takes their life it takes a little piece of everyone in their life. My entire life I've sags felt partly responsible for it.

When I was 18 my mother attempted and came very close. Thank god my dad was suspicious and kicked in the door. She came pretty close to dying.



So I met this girl with my wife and it was the saddest story I've ever heard. He boyfriend of 2 years said he was going to a job interview after their car broke down and never came back. She told me other things I can't share except to sat she's had a hard life. Now living in the country in apartment lacking anything othe than a table, mattress and a few othe things.

She never talked about suicide but I know for sure if not for her cat she wouldn't be here. I know it.

So we told her to leave it all behind. And start fresh with us as a roommate in Fort Lauderdale.

She was reluctant because she didn't want to lose the apartment but I told her the reality she needed to hear.

So she will be moving in with us and I told her it's a fresh start.


I am convinced that if id blown her off or changed plans she might have said fuck it and given up.

The worst thing was her telling me her greatest fear of dying in apartment alone where she would be discovered along with her cat, decomposing.

Me and my wife had to pulln over because we got emotional and that is when I told her about my grandfather and we cried about that.

So the point I'm making is that we must look out for each other in this life and not ignore that inner voice that tells us something us wrong.

If we can all all help even 1 person off the ledge nothing else we do can compare.