anxious, depressed, and overwhelmedHi, so this is going to be extremely rambly because I'm so anxious/depressed I can barely string thoughts together. Right now I am in an outpatient program (I was inpatient before that), and I'm terrified. I have horrible suicidal thoughts every time I go home, but when I'm at the program I'm fine. My new medication is upsetting my stomach even more than how my stomach usually is and I was told to tolerate it for a couple more weeks and see if it will stop. They want me to go home for good in a couple weeks and that's even after I bargained for more time. My mom is spending tons of money for me to stay in a motel and drive a couple hours back and forth on the off days from home to the program. I'm beyond anxious and I feel like there's no solution to my problems and I feel like such a burden to my mom and it's driving me crazy. I feel like I have no future, I'm 20 and I don't have a job, I'm not in school, I don't know what I want to go to school for (maybe I want to be a therapist, maybe that's what I think I SHOULD do because I think my life has no worth if I don't help people, I dunno), I don't know if I could even handle school (I suffer from severe undiagnosed fatigue issues and also some GI issues from taking antibiotics for a year and I could only manage to take one class a semester when I was going), I think I should probably go to school away from my family to get out of my shitty area and house and to become more independent and reduce distraction, but I have this fear that by leaving my parents I'm going to regret leaving and losing that time with them when they die which is very overwhelming, aaaaaand lastly I have only one friend who I met through the program but they live hours and hours away from me so I'm struggling to accept that too because I already feel attached and I'm trying to find reasons to stay in the area afterwards (like going to school in the area) just so I can be close friends with them and hang out all the time. I'm really trying not to kill myself right now but I'm just drowning in pain and anxiety and fatigue and I can barely get out of bed. No one can seem to help me and I just want to die to make it all stop. 