19 Year Old Anxious KidHello! I moved out from my mom's into my friend's place, John. Recently had to move back out, and moved in with another friend. During that time, I was prescribed with Latuda, for my depressive bipolar-ish episodes(I'm not sure if I have a bipolar disorder?). I've already been on and am still on Remeron, mostly for the sleeping benefits. 

I'm in a super anxious state right now because I got to thinking. I don't like being on this medication, I feel so fake-happy(a good way to describe this, honestly), and I'm able to keep this optimistic outlook on everything because I know I'd end up well, but I just break down all the time. I'm being forced into the work-force any day now (it'll be my first job, aside from a job at a local Wal-Mart, where my anxiety forced me to quit after my 2nd day working). 

It's just, I always have that thought in the back of my mind, like, I could just die and never have to deal with any of this world ever again. The fact of the matter is, here in America, we're all fucked up. Obviously the Government's in a bad state, and doesn't really care about me. My anxiety is genetic, I guess. My mom has terrible anxiety, too. But.. I just feel as though all this effort might just be for nothing. That going into whatever job will be coming my way over the next couple weeks, and dealing with that extreme new-to-a-job anxiety, will all just be worthless efforts in the end. I'm not a radical, or a conspiracy theorists, but I believe there is A LOT going on and a lot wrong going on at least in America alone. And it just makes me think, why should I be another gear in a system I don't want to be a part of? I can't live at my Mom's anymore, I get way too depressed there, but it's so extremely stressful anywhere else. I'm just not sure what to do or where I should've even posted this or if this was the right place. I'm just a lost mess. 

I'm not sure if anybody's there to really care because we all have our own lives and things to worry about, but I just need some help. Things are a mess, and death's not a far out idea to me anymore.

 I always tell myself and others that I'd never attempt it, but I do always think about it. 