No friends, no social life, no family only my diseased dogI'm quite the insecure guy and it feels like i have nothing to live for. my family is deprived whereas my mother gave in to cancer pretty quickly. This happened four years ago. My dad had a weak heart so when he found out that my mom died, he got a heart attack and has been ill ever since. I dont feel like have anything to live for anymore. My dog has got various infections and is soon to pass, since he is 8 human years. I got no friends, nor a social life, and I feel like everyone is rejecting me because I'm different. School is not going so well and what i mainly do is calling in sick and stay home. The teacher in school hasn't set up a class map so we can pick our seats. This was the worst case scenario for me where I don't have anyone to sit with. Im on the brink of giving up. All that keeps me going is the loving dog I still have, and my father is not able to satisfy my very needs. I have a job and have to work for every penny so I can continue to live on. Im sure that my father nor my dog has much time left. I feel like the only place I belong is in the animes I watch. I wish i could end my life and travel to a better world with no rejection or demands. I seriously don't know what to do anymore. Im barely holding my life together and I dont have anyone to talk to. I've never talked to a girl except for one fucking time. That was when a girl asked me whether we had homework for friday or not. Im not used to talking with people so I didn't reply. I miss my mother, and her hugs and love. I don't know what I can do to force myself to live on. I just want someone to talk to. Nobody has the same interests as I do. The world will be better off without me. Nobody will ever notice i'm gone either way. Im thinking of comitting suicide but Im scared and I have not lived long enough to experience anything. I feel shrouded in darkness and just want to die. Somebody, please talk to me. I just need someone because I don't have anything nor anyone. My sadness has the upper hand and now Im thinking of why I was born into this miserable world. I didn't ask for this. I hate my life. I have nobody. Surely I will end my misery soon. 