Will my suicidal ideation ever go away?I have an objectively good life. The one thing that is significantly hard is that my husband and I have tens of thousands in debt, largely due to medical issues that I have had. Subsequently, we are always stressed and can never save, and all our income goes down the tube of debt.  And I still deal with the “invisible disability” of chronic pain from those medical procedures. But beyond that, I have it made. My husband is a wonderful person. I have a toddler I love with my whole being and who is healthy and delightful. I have achieved a career dream, getting paid to do my art form. I try to give back to society by working with sick children part time. An outsider would think I had a great life. However, when I was a teen I attempted suicide. My stomach was pumped. And for the next 15 years, though I’ve never made another attempt, I’ve continued to suffer from intense suicidal thoughts, only somewhat dependent on my external circumstances. After the high school incident I swore to my mother I would never do that to her again, and every time I’ve gotten close to doing anything, I’ve remembered that promise, and her look of pain. And now I have this precious child, who would be destroyed without me. And yet. So much sends me into a state of panic and sorrow. I continue to suffer trauma from a rape, but it was a decade ago, and I am past it in many ways. But with all this sexual assault in the news.... I sometimes feel like I’m that girl again. In that room. And I’m getting help. I have a therapist. I am on a low dosage of anti depressants and have been for years. But everything causes me anxiety. Even things that should be “good.” For example, I am objectively at least medium-level attractive, and yet I obsess over how ugly I FEEL (reality be damned). I hate my stomach. And i can’t let it go. 
I achieved a career dream, and yet now I get into states of panic over writing that next book, and the deadline, and how I can’t do it. 
And if I have a moment in which I lose my temper with my daughter I think Oh well, I’ll just be an angry fucked up Mom like mine was and my daughter would be better off without me. 
What I’m trying to say is... No matter how good I have it, my self hatred and intense desire to disappear from this earth consumes me sometimes in ways that harken back to that 17 year old who ODed on Ambien and champagne. And after years of therapy and anti-depressants, if I can have a “good life” and still struggle with so much anxiety and so many moments in which I want to die... will it ever get better? Or am I a broken person? I don’t feel there is anyone to talk to because they just say “Look how good your life is!” And they’re right. So why, tonight, did I think about how I wanted to jump out the window? I don’t understand myself. I really don’t. 