i’m just really tiredmy mental health has really hit rock bottom as of late. i’m not going to do anything harmful to myself because i have no desire to at this time, but there really isn’t anything holding me back from it either. i just wanted a space to rant without people freaking out really.

i still have a lot of my life left to live. i’m not even out of high school, i haven’t gotten piss drunk or stupid high yet and i’d like to do some stupid shit like that before i close the curtains. but to be honest, getting old scares me so much. i don’t feel comfortable living past 35, even late 20s feels like a stretch but since it’s still far out i’d like to be optimistic while i still can.

i don’t have a desire to end it now, but i have no motivation to get old and rickety either. i’ve seen my grandma pass away with alzheimer’s and dementia and being unable to recognize me or my mother. some people want to go that way, but i want to go just before i start breaking down. just before i’m stuck in a 9 to 5 job i hate with two kids i can barely feed and a partner who’s spark died a long time ago. i don’t want that. 

which makes me all the more troubled when i get lonely. sure, i’m only 16 and i don’t need to worry about finding the one yet, but i don’t want to get close with someone knowing that i won’t be with them as long as they’re thinking. but then again, i’m very lonely and would like someone to hold me close at night when i can’t sleep. i hate hookup culture because a lot of it is sex-oriented and objectified, which my ace ass wants no part of. but holy fuck i have not had a proper hug in years now. i’m a very physical person who wants to be held/hold someone, have someone play with my hair/let me play with their hair, etc. but in most hookup or friends with benefits models at least in my town it’s really only dick appointments.

i don’t know, i’m just lonely and want someone to hold me and tell me it’s gonna be fine but i really doubt i’ll get that anytime soon if at all. and even if i do i don’t want to upset them when i mysteriously disappear one day only to have my corpse found in a lake nine days later. i don’t want to be a burden, i don’t want to let anyone down, and i don’t know how to do that. 

i really don’t think this rant made much sense, but if anyone has anything to say i’d be very happy to listen, my DMs are always open too if anyone is struggling and just wants someone to listen. thank you for your time.