I feel there is nothing more I can help my suicidal friend with.So I have been semi good friends with this guy since 6th grade and we are now in 9th grade. I have seen him and his problems unfold throughout the years and things are becoming more serious now. He suffers from migraines and ADHD though I don't think that's the root of his problems. I have talked to him and found that without knowing I have followed every step in the guide this subreddit has so that puts me a bit at ease. He is very open with me when it comes to these things but at this point there's nothing more I can provide in a conversation with him. I have tried. I know he's suicidal as he constantly ''jokes'' about killing himself and I mean all the time. As of late he has been cutting himself, accidentally went down pretty deep recently and ended up bleeding all over his bed (I have seen the marks, not a pretty sight). He has gotten addicted to snus and energy drinks, his parents were contacted by a community youth center which made them sad and him more depressed as he feels he is a burden or a problem for his parents. And as of late he has started acting different, he jokes differently, he's more straight forward when it comes to suicide and just talks loudly around others in school about it, his body language is different, etc. I just don't know what to do, he wanted to join the military like his brother when he grew up but that won't work because of his ADHD. The only thing he thinks might fix this is when they move in summer he'll get a new start, will he even make it that far? There's still half of a year left until then. What he told me is that he wants friends that understand him because he was bullied when he was younger or something and because of how he is that can be hard, I don't know though. It might not be the root to his thoughts. I just don't know anymore, I can't be of much help anymore. All I can say is variations of ''don't do anything stupid'' and continuing to talk to him which could be enough. It's just that he's getting worse and it's taking a toll on me at this point and making me sad. what to do