I am heartbroken.I posted earlier about a week ago on this subreddit. But here I am again, ranting because I don't feel like I have anyone to talk to and it would get too personal for me either way if I did. I feel more comfortable ranting this way because it gets less personal for me, since no one is obligated to respond. 
Either way, what I want to write down is that I'm very, very tired.
I've been suffering for depression, anxiety, bpd, and a insecurity complex for years. And I'm tired of it all. I want to live my life like a mentally healthy 20 year old girl for once. I feel like I'm missing out on so much because my mind is practically always convincing me that I should be scared, nervous, or wary of something. Or that whenever I try to reach a goal, I have terrible thoughts of ways it can go wrong, how much I'm going to fuck up, or how I'll never succeed. I'm tired of my mind trying to keep me in the past, making me rewind all those terrible moments of growing up in an abusive household, the times I was made use of, the bullying, being with people who thought who were good friends but were spreading lies and making other people dislike me. Just because they could. How the person who knew I was so in love with them, would do anything for them, but mainly used me for attention and sex, and behind my back was flirting and doing god knows what. 
I'm tired that I know that I have a good heart. I want the best for anyone around me, I know I'm too soft, I try to see the good in people. But by now I have long realised that this is not how people are. No matter how sweet, friendly, or helpful I am. I will always be stabbed in the back and am in constant fear that my friends will drop me or decide to turn on me. 
I have so many goals and hopes, but these thoughts make them seem unreachable. I cannot see a lot of good in myself. I'm so tired of all of this, my heart is aching badly. I have made several plans of how to distance myself from anyone so no one will miss me when I'm gone. Which method I can use and the places where no one will find me for a longer time. 
But since I still have a bit of hope for myself, I will not execute this. The only one I can be angry with is myself. And I am angry for the fact that I'm not good enough, how everything is my fault, and whatnot. But I'm also angry at myself that I dare to give up. And that I constantly tell myself that I'm a loser if I go that way. I do not think of anyone innocent who has taken their lives as losers, or anything negative. Only with myself. 
This anger and fear also keeps me from doing it. I'm still scared that it would've gotten better. Or that it only gets worse. 
I don't know what to do.. My hopes are getting less and less. 