I've had a rough past month or two, I want to end it.I've posted here 3 times before, once after my first thought, once after my first attempt, and once about a month and a half ago looking for people to talk to.

I've had enough of all this bullshit that goes on in school. Shitty teacher, shitty 'friends'. One of my 'friends' is pretty much just a bully. She calls me a loser, gay, a retard, and constantly hurts me (flicking, pinching, nothing too too bad.) she thinks its all a joke, but I don't. What she says hurts me a lot, and I hate it. I have tried to keep my distance but my nicer close friend is also her best friend. My nicer best friend is the one person I can trust and can go to if I'm feeling down.

I'm pretty sure I just failed my science test today, probably because of my piece of shit teacher that doesn't do shit in class who tells us to read the textbook then prints off old tests. She makes part of my school life a living hell. The rest of my school life is a living hell because of the people in it. Only good part about school is 2 teachers that are very nice to me and doing math, which I love.

I'm constantly bullied by people who think they're joking and that their hilarious. On multiple occasions I've been called gay because I don't have a girlfriend, stupid because I failed a test, anorexic because I'm naturally skinny, nerd because I play lots of video games (I play lots because I love them and they distract me from the rest of life.), and a loser because I'm 'boring' (if people actually knew me they would know I'm no where near boring).

My at home life is also not great. My dad is a total jerk to me sometimes, and my brother gets angry at the smallest of things. I love my mom and we have a good relationship besides the odd argument.

I'm pretty sure I have anger management issues, I've nearly stabbed a classmate once because he called me gay for about the millionth time. I'm a threat to everyone around me and I hate it.

I'm about ready to end it. I've been through the first 13 years of my life and its already hell. I don't want to wait for the next 13 years. I do have my life planned out for after high school, but I'm just done with all this bullshit. I'm ready to end it. People say it gets better, but guess what. No, it fucking doesn't. Middle school is the worst time of my life so far, and I don't even want to think of high school.

Also, with this Amanda Todd story going around, I'm getting even more mad. People saying that suicide is cowardly, selfish, and for pussies are dead fucking wrong. I'd like to see those motherfuckers going through a DAY of what people who are depressed go through. It's literally wake up, finish the work needed done for the day, and go to bed because you don't want to be  awake. Sleep is how I escape my pain.

I'm afraid of pain, but not death. I would rather die than get a little burn or get a paper cut.

I'm fucking done, and I want to end it.