At the end of my ropeI am fucking done. I am done done done done done done done done.
 
I am within inches of residing to kill myself, all because of one shitty day.

My life has been just a series of fuckups since day one, the first fuck up being my mother not insisting on my father to wear a condom. Ever since then it's just been one messy disaster after another and it's too much to bear. 

Ever since Christmas I've had the notion of killing myself. Well, long before that too but more prevailing recently. I don't have a job. I've been looking since I came back to here and I can't find a fucking one. Everyone says that I'm lazy and you can find a job so easily and FUCK YOU. NO. YOU FUCKING CANNOT. It's not "Oh look, there's a place. Will they hire me? YES." There's a lot of luck brought in to it as well because how many other people are applying for that job? What are their qualifications in comparison to yours? It's not just you get a job and that's it. That's wearing me down because I'm on fucking welfare. Do I want to be on welfare? FUCK. NO. It's degrading to a degree that I didn't know was possible, everyone looks at me like I'm scum and I've resided to putting my cheque in through one of those atm things at the bank because the tellers always look at me like I'm to be pitied.

I spent the majority of that cheque on going to see my family, after my grandmothers urging to. She said it would be okay, that she'd pay for my way back and that'd be fine. Ended up that she didn't pay for my way back but when I did get there, after buying gifts for people, no one wanted me there. No one wanted the gay kid. So I went home a week later, paying for my way back and not having a cent. With the next cheque I was supposed to pay off my phone bill but I still owed my friend for the bus ride back so I had to pay him off.

So now my phone bill is cut off, which isn't a big deal, it's whatever.

But today I had to clean the entire house because my landlord is coming tomorrow and my roommates wont fucking help because they're either not here or they're having copious amounts of sex.

im feeling alone as fuck because my family hates me, I have nothing to eat for the next 4 days, and I'm just stressed and depressed and fucking overwhelmed and it's too much

And now I'm at the pinacle of killing myself because of one bad day.

this is too much.