I’ve been feeling good recently (long and rambly)This post might be pointless or redundant but I just feel like writing and chronicling this moment. While I don’t have diagnosis’s or anything else of the sort to prove anything, I can confidently say that I’ve been quite seriously suicidal for the last four years (although I’ve experienced suicidal urges of lesser extents since 2009 or so). This has not changed at all and I honestly don’t see myself living past 25. But as soon as my Uni break started two weeks ago, I’ve been an on absolute high.

Typically I’d go through depressive and/or suicidal episodes every other day, sometimes daily. I haven’t had a single thought like that this entire break though. Considering that my suicidal tendencies follow me all year round and aren’t triggered by any specific root (as far as I’m aware...), I’m just pleasantly surprised. All of the things that bring me down and make me worthless are still very much intact and I realise there’s no sign of them changing. Maybe I’ve just successfully distracted myself from them at this point?

Whatever has happened seems to have done me some good though. I’ve been much more positive lately and I can notice the change it has had on my day-to-day life. I am speaking much more fluently (even though I’m still a social anxiety ridden mess) and have been much sharper with things like my critical thinking and even joke making.  When I chatted to my parents or on the few times I hung around with my friends it just felt like I knew exactly what to say, which is something I’ve been trying to crack for a long time. Normally when I’m out with my friends (whether it be in private with a few close friends or something more public involving a lot of mutual) I undergo a depressive bout half an hour or so into whatever we’re doing and it stays with me until I go to sleep. For whatever reason though, I haven’t had this feeling all fortnight even after being in situations that would’ve easily caused this two or three times. I genuinely enjoyed myself every time I went out.

I’ve also been really dedicated to my hobbies and am seeing the results to back it up. My favourite past times are performative and depend on building skills to succeed. I would usually get very upset over underperforming and it would sometimes trigger a depressive episode which would then spiral down into the track of suicidal ideation. But I haven’t been bothered nearly as much by failure or messing up in this time which has giving me much more drive to continue to practice even when a certain task is impossible. It makes me feel accomplished and worthy actually seeing results for all the time I’m spending doing the things that I love the most.

This post is definitely not structured at all and is basically a diary entry for me, but I had to write this down. I’m just confused why this has happened and I’m scared that it’s gonna go away (probably tomorrow since uni is starting again). I can’t recall ever going through anything like this so I’m just surprised by what’s happened. 

I want this to last forever, but I know it won’t.