Came time to perform, and I flopped. Life crashing. I'm 23 (just had a birthday), married. Super-senior at University. Am supposed to be on my next-to-last semester, graduate in spring. Am taking nothing but re-take courses this semester and failing both of them. 
I have no drive or care for school anymore, I let homework assignments go by all the time. I can't get to class if I have nothing before it. 
My marriage is in perpetual "meh" state. We don't hate each other or hurt each other, but our love has mostly dwindled and most of our affection shown is out of habit rather than actual feelings. Her sex drive is next to nothing yet my hormones rage, so I spend every day telling myself not to make the move I want to so she won't get mad or feel insecure because she can't perform. 
We're barely making rent thanks to a trust fund from when my mom died, and it's almost used up. Barely had enough for one more semester. If I fail both these courses this semester I either have to super-load up next semester (20+ hours) or push back graduation, which I can't do because we can't pay rent atm without the Fund. 

I just cheated on an exam for the first time in my life, in a class I had to make at least 90s on the next two tests to pass. Teacher was even willing to let my grade slide up a few points if it meant passing the class. I respond by cheating blatantly, and got caught. He was still nice about it but will probably have to drop the test or me from the class. It won't matter because I'm 95% sure I didn't get an A or even a B. 
My other class I'm barely skimming by on, if I don't do decent on our group final and final exam I'll fail it to, third time trying to take this course. 

I'm a smart kid, but never learned how to study and have run out of what little motivation to study or try in school I had. 

Also have mostly dropped my religion, which has been a central part in my life the whole time. Family would be decimated just knowing that. 


Bleh marriage, bleh city (small town arkansas), bleh school, bleh job, bleh financial outlook. 

We were planning to move to Seattle with friends once I graduated. My wife will be crushed (her original idea) and has stated before she'd consider leaving without me if I lag behind. 

My family life will implode if she does because my parents barely tolerate her anyway, and will major push for a divorce if she does. 

I can feel the world crashing in around me and just don't want to deal with it anymore. I've heard every inspirational story I can stand, spent an hour on here looking at posts, and nothing is helping. I wish I could say "oh just pull through this week and it'll get better" but it fucking won't. There's a good chance I'm about to have to go to school another semester, which will make me more ashamed than I can bare. I don't know if I can look any of my friends or family in the eye if that happens. 
Seriously, what's the point of sticking around? 