I’m 38, and I’m over this.I am not in a good place right now, physically and mentally. Moving to Florida was a way to start over and finally focus on myself, something I haven’t done in well over a decade being in an emotionally abusive relationship. Yet since arriving six months ago, I am just being bombarded with shit bomb after shit bomb. I’ve tried staying positive, but I am being weighed down. 

First of all, no job. No one is calling me back, now more than ever thanks to Covid. I am far from alone with this issue, so it’s only going to get worse. I’ve applied to banks, offices, customer service positions, I even took Security Guard training but they’re not calling me back either. I’m either over qualified for the banking positions, or under qualified for the others. I never had an issue getting a job when I was in NJ/NY, mostly thanks to the best friends I ever had in my life. But now that I’m on my own and I’m being ignored, I’m starting to take it to heart. Maybe I’m not the awesome employee I always thought I was? Maybe charm and sweetness isn’t enough to land a job anymore when you’re 38? To add insult to injury, I’m starting to regret that I never finished college.

Second, I have no savings. I’m living with my mom, which I’m grateful for, so I don’t need to worry about rent or utilities. But my personal bills, cell phone payment, entertainment, not happening. I’m down to just Netflix for another two weeks. I keep doing my laundry every few days because I have no clothes anymore. Can’t treat myself to a nice meal every now and then, or even change the oil in my car. It’s making horrible sounds so it’s just sitting in the parking lot covered in bird poop. Unemployment? Still being processed. Income tax refund? There was an issue. It’s being delayed. Stimulus check? Sent to the wrong bank, it’s also delayed. No help from the powers that be, so I’m fending it alone. 

Third, I am always sick. This is getting to me most of all. I had strep a few weeks ago. Then I had a shitty night’s sleep so I had some soup with wheat noodles. Bad idea for a gluten sensitive bloke. So at this point, I can’t have dairy, gluten, sugar, fried food, or red meat because of my health issues. Taking all this medicine is killing me. Then I find that there is a weird glitter looking substance covering every surface of my room. It’s a subtle glint that you can only see with a flashlight. But it definitely sparkles, and they’re everywhere: on my sheets, my desk, my TV, my clothing, even my phone. Quick google search identified the reason: it’s fiberglass! My piece of shit mattress is a memory foam that I got on amazon years ago. Apparently they placed fiberglass inside it to make it fire proof, but over time with 220 pounds of pressure on it, the seal can eventually break. Breathing this shit can be deadly and makes you very itchy (which I have been). Honesty I don’t have a huge amount of it, so if there is a hole it’s tiny. I sealed it up best I could and hopefully it holds out for another few months. 

Fourth, I am ridiculously lonely. I have my mom, but she has her own issues. We get along better if we keep our distance. So I stay in my little bedroom 22 hours out of the day. I go for a one hour walk sometimes, and only come out to cook, clean, or eat. I don’t have any friends here yet, and making friends takes money. I’m generally an extroverted introvert. I like having the freedom to be alone when I need to or social when I want to. Not being able to interact with people has been extremely depressing, and this was even before quarantine. I joke that I’d be happy staying in playing video games all day, but it isn’t true. I love people, and not hanging out has really dragged down my energy levels. 

Fifth, I don’t do bugs. So why the fuck am I here again? I swear on the days that I’m starting to feel ok, I’ll find a team of insane raspberry ants crawling around my keyboard, crawling up my fingers, walking around drunk. You need to google raspberry ants. They are crazy, fearless, and love living in technology. My PS4 and PC gaming keyboard are ruined. My room is spotless and I do not eat here, so this isn’t a dirty thing. It’s just a Florida thing. Oh and did I mention Palmetto Bugs? A pretty Floridian name for giant fucking cockroaches that fly. I’ve only seen four in our apartment so far, but it’s enough for me to make sure I’m always armed with slippers. Can’t even walk barefoot in this apartment, it’s fucking ridiculous.

This is what I’m struggling with. I’m broke, jobless, lonely, sick of being sick, and constantly attacked by bugs. And I thought my biggest issue in Florida would be the heat — nope, I actually learned to like it. 

The sad thing is that I moved here to help take care of my mom. The cold of NJ was making her feel more sick, so after being laid off and getting out of that bad relationship, I took her and moved down here. And she loves it. She’s feeling better, she’s happy. And I’m hiding all my feelings from her because I know she will sacrifice her own happiness to make me happy. I won’t do that to her. 

I’m thinking about drinking or taking up drugs just to numb the pain. I went through something similar in college. When I came out of the closet in 1999, I was shunned by my family and friends. I attempted and failed to kill myself. So I found druggie friends and did a ton of coke and ecstasy and failed out. That’s the point I’m at right now. 

Look, I know other people in the world have it WAY worse than I do. I acknowledge that, and I feel for everything they are dealing with. I am totally grateful than I’m not in danger of living out in the street or that a loved one hasn’t caught Coronavirus. It can be worse. That being said, it’s not going so great.

I wouldn’t kill myself. But I would welcome death if it came knocking on my door. I’d probably jump in his arms and beg him to take me home — because this, this life, doesn’t feel like home. It never did. It feels like a prison, and I want out.