Damned if I do, damned if I don't.I've been seriously considering suicide lately. I've had two close attempts and every day I wish I would've succeeded. For the past six months, I've felt like nothing is worth living for. 

I struggle to work a basic job. I'm not smart enough to finish college. I can't function as the good Redditor I once was. I have two SOs that love me dearly and I'm too much of a bitch to be able to appreciate it. My family is loving and supportive. They changed so much for me and yet I'm too selfish and ignorant to change myself.

Two years ago my ex girlfriend drugged and raped me. I'm so paranoid that I can't be alone with anyone unless I know them very well. I check locks and look for exits constantly. It's pure hell. The terrible part is that many people I know (including so called liberal feminists) don't consider what happened to be rape. They don't always blame me but they think me blaming her for what happened isn't fair. It's fucked with my head so much. I can't trust anyone. I even question my SOs feelings regarding it despite them being vocal about helping me through this. I feel like I'm in a box and that box is slowly closing in on me. I just want the feelings to stop and nothing helps. I can't breathe. I'm just barely hanging on. 

No one believes me. I know they don't. I don't even believe me.

The worst part is that it's made me hate everyone except for a few select people. I'm ready to fight anyone who's in my way. Why bother to get to know someone to later be betrayed in the worst way? You can't guarantee they won't. My whole life people have snickered and laughed behind my back. I'm weird. I'm crazy. I'm ugly. I dress too much like a man. My nystagmus scares people. 

I know I shouldn't complain. My parents have a luxurious summer vacation home. They pay for trips to Europe. They paid for my car. They pay for my phone. How can I be this miserable with so much privilege? I hate that I'm a narcissistic asshole. I deserve to die because I'm this way. You all should be happy if I die. I'm such a waste.