I just wanna vent to someone I'm tired of just crying into empty space.I'm 21M 22 in a few days, and ironically 21 was my dream age, I'd have shit figured out and I'd happy.

Some background:
My dad was killed when i was 10. He was the sweetest person on earth. I had to move countries with my mom because of that. I didn't adapt well. I was 10 and i grew up in a county that felt alien to me. Along with the fact that i isolated myself from other kids bc they were playing and i was just fuckin sad. I grew up sad. Me and my mom didn't get alot.
It also took a toll on her.

I was smart in school, i had no trouble learning and every teacher said I had so much potential. But I was so miserable i couldn't handle it and I have up on 12th grade to pursue music (very immature decision but I just wanted to do something that would make me happy) i didn't realize "adult" life and how money is a big influence. Financial security ect. Not being rich but not stressing over bills. I live in europe and after school I went to the uk to get a job and save money. At 19, 1 week after I left and started working my mom died, and all i packed my shit back into the suitcase and came home to bury her.

Then I made the rash decision to enroll in a course program to be a mechanic. I'm now certified after 1.5 years of investing money into it and studying.
But it's a minimum wage job and when I got to intern I saw how miserable everyone was, just getting by with no money basically doing back breaking work.
I realized I wasn't time and money into something I'm not happy with. (when I could have studied for exames to get into college instead). Now I'm basically 22 and I'm trying to study for those exames and it's so much to learn and I don't remember anything from school. And my mental state makes it so hard to learn I'm constantly panicking. I feel hopeless.

Around when I was 18ish after I completed school i meet my gf randomly online, we started as friends. Then we got into a relationship. She made me feel like life was worth living, i looked at a future with her and i was happy. She's littrally everything I've ever wanted out of life. Really. Some people find happiness in their careers hobbies ect... I could be whatever and i wouldn't feel accomplished. I was meant to love someone. And she's the one.
She's for the US 
We stayed together for 2.5 years in a long distance relationship (she had to finish high school). She's the one that kept me from killing myself when my mom died. I felt like every was okay bc she was there on the phone with me and one day we'd build a happy life together. Finally she was able to came to me and live with me. But had to leave 90 days later bc the visa ran out. After that I looked into visas and ways she could stay i looked into colleges ect. And worst case scenario we'd get married and she could finnally stay with me. And go to college and have a future. We planed for her to come in April. Then covid happened.

I cried so much when she left. I cried so fuckin much and i never used to cry but when she left i cried to this day.

I don't know when I'm gonna be able to see her again, and if i do i want us to be able to have a life together. I really want her to go to college, even if that means i don't get to go. I don't want her feeling like I do.

Even if in 2 years things return to normal, what will be our future. Working minimum wage and not being able to pay bills?

I feel like I've turn into an adult without anyone teaching me how to be one. I'm scared of everything. The only person that makes me feel safe is across an ocean for a undetermined period of time. And when we get to be together maybe it's to late to try to both go to college.

I'm so stressed out I just want to be happy with her even if it's for a lil while I wanna be happy. But sometimes it seems that's to much to ask from the world. I just wanna go to the beach with her, ride in the car and listen to music at 3 am at night. Simple stuff. And i wanna travel and take her to cool fuckin places, she's always wanted to travel. I just wanna be happy.

I don't wanna kill myself. Bc I wanna experience all that with her. But at the same time I'm so sick of suffering 24/7.

Don't worry I'm not gonna kill myself, i just feel the urge alot but i could never ever leave her alone in the world.

Thanks for reading. At least I'm not crying to empty space.