paranoia takinghey! so i've been feeling really disgusting lately. i've had quite a few issues with friends of mine, where i do something they perceive as arrogant unintentionally and it gets spread around to other people and that becomes the perception of me. it makes me feel horrible. i'm seeing people i thought were friends talk shit behind my back over issues that should be had between individuals. i end up blaming myself. 

i've noticed i say things like "i'm sorry" and "i'm trash" almost every hour for the smallest of things. i do believe i'm arrogant in certain ways, but sometimes it just feels like i can't say anything without it being seen as self involved. i suppose i'm dense at times, but that's been read as me being insensitive. it's fine that i'm not friends with everyone, but somehow i've internalized this as me not being a good person or, rather, i'm a disposable person. i feel like i'm the person one says isn't worth it, a fringe friend, but to everyone. it's an existence in the recycling bin, hoping someone might make use of the discard later but not really caring.

i guess people don't really care that much what i do, how i engage with people, but i'm seeing friends of mine turn away from me or become a source of anxiety because i don't know who's fake and who's not. i feel being in new york has really contributed to this, or at least going to the school i do here. i'm coming to senior year soon and it feels much more lonely than when i got here because of these social defects i have. i personally believe, after having seen a therapist for as long as i have, that my mother coddling me emotionally and developmentally is what got me to this state of insensitivity. also being from the midwest, where people are less fake and more direct with their thoughts, i think i've just rubbed lots of people the wrong way. it's hard also because i know how these former friends of mine can talk shit about people they're polite to in public, and wonder if that's how they are with me. 

i have one best friend who has seen me through all of this, all of the times where i did rude or shitty friend moves, and she says she just understands that people are arrogant sometimes, and that no one is perfect. it helps, but it doesn't help as much as hearing that i'm overthinking things. but i also don't want to just hear what i want to hear either lol.

i've thought about killing myself several times, looking into it this past week online and then even calling a suicide hotline. i told my friend and she recommended this forum. i don't know what i need really, just to know if people are as harsh as this feels. 