I want to liveI am 32 and I live with my parents, I Dont even have the option of moving due to their health and me not being able to support myself. I attempt to get jobs but people do not like me. My ex who I loved body and soul broke up with me five years ago. She gave me hpv and herpes....she was sleeping around and everyone knew but me. I reacted.....poorly. I said things on Facebook, mentioned her having an abortion, contacted her friends, and generally became pretty creepy about the whole thing. 

      Not a day goes by where I wouldn't give anything just for her to speak to me, even to call me the shithead I am. She wont , not one word in five years, can't blame her.

Now, I am afraid to even find anyone else, I feel tainted and unworthy. 

I have avoided doing well in school or work my entire life, I have a pretty decent IQ but all that does is give me fucked up thoughts of despair and meaninglessness. 

I suck at writing. 

When I'm happy people want to be near me, but I never am. I spend my days smoking pot, caring for my ailing father, mother, and a kid they adopted for whatever reason. I can't even kill myself because if I did she goes to cps and gets placed in foster care. I like her enough and she's a good kid. I just can't do it. I am not up to this task.

My health is failing me in multiple ways. Developed allergies to wheat, tomatoes, fruits, rice, onions.....lots of plants. All I can eat is corn, oats, meat and potatoes, as far as I can tell. It isn't the type of allergy that will kill me either, imagine rolling around in fiberglass and feeling that way for two days or so after anything on the bad list. It sucks I hate it. I get frequent headaches and always think I'm dying, but I really do feel like shit except no one believes it, they think I'm nuts, again I can't blame them. A lot more but I'm tired of writing.

Just looked at the ex's FB pic, she is beautiful as ever. I hope her life is happy. I know I could never have brought it to her. I bet she isn't alone today. 

Tldr I sit around avoiding life, and I can't kill myself because it would make someone's life a living hell.