Might as well post my story here.My troubles started late last year. At around the time I was starting work, an ex employee came on to the property and started shooting people. He would end up killing one, injuring 3, then killing himself. I never heard any of the shots. I never saw people running. I only heard on my walkie talkie, "Call 911, shots fired." 

I couldn't believe it. I looked at my coworker, he looked at me, and we got moving. He got people in one direction, I went in the other, and we started letting people know that we had to get to safety. 

We all gathered in the designated emergency safe zone and for the next few hours, we would be there, wondering what was going on. Wondering what happens next. Wondering if we'd be found by the police or the gunman. We didn't know he killed himself soon after it started. We didn't know if this was some crazy guy or a terrorist attack. We didn't know if he was alone. But for hours we sat in that room. And for hours we would know only the fear of the unknown.

This was the second time in my life I'd been through this. The first was in high school. My senior year.

This time, however, noone would be hurt. I have always been thankful for that fact. I don't know much of the details of that shooting, only what I heard from the people that were in the cafeteria that day. What I heard was this:

A male student, angry about a breakup, came into school with a gun to kill his ex.  He got things started by firing into the ceiling of the cafeteria. He fired a shot from his semi automatic and gun. Then, he pulled the slide back, and fired into the ceiling again. Then, he pulled the slide back on more, aimed the gun at his ex, and pulled the trigger. His gun jammed. No bullet came out. He dropped the gun and ran. He made it a few blocks before being tackled to the ground by the French teacher. For a long time I've been thankful that this guy didn't actually know how a handgun was supposed to work.

I know all this now. At the time, it was just like when it happened on the job. For hours we huddled around the class, no idea that it was over. No idea that no one had actually been hurt. Just the knowledge that someone came into the school and started shooting, and the fear that we would be found by a gunman, rather than police.

That fear then only affected me for a few weeks. Returning to normal would be a short process then. I don't even remember much besides not going to school the next day. 

This time has been different. This time, the fear has had a profound effect on me that I simply haven't been able to shake.  I find myself thinking about it all the time. Being in that place of fear and ignorance of what would come to pass.  And the unshakable feeling of worthlessness that comes from feeling this way despite never having been in actual danger. I was never in the same room as the gunman in either time. I wasn't close enough to even hear the shots. But I still fear these events happening again. 

I imagine most people won't ever go through what I've been through once in there life, let alone twice. At least, not in civilian life. But all I can feel is that there will be a third for me. It feels like an inevitability that I will find myself in that situation again. But I feel like the third will be the last. It's given me this sense of an invisible clock on my life. One I can feel but not see or read. One that says I will be murdered in a random act of violence and not of old age, peacefully.

I'm not alone completely though. My wife was in that same high school. My wife knows the fear of being there, wondering what happens next. Wondering if anyone got hurt. If I got hurt. And she knows the fear of wondering if I'd make it home that day. Sometimes I feel like shes the only one that really gets it. 

I wish this were my only problem.

The fear soon turned into depression. Depression is something I know. I'm familiar with the desire to simple stop existing. I know the pain that comes from wishing to God that life would just end for me so that my loved ones could cope with my loss, rather than my commitment. The shame of these thoughts is something that I've dealt with on and off for a decade now.

What's new to me is this horrifying feeling of rage and hatred that the depression seems to have manifested into. I hate every single human alive right now. Myself more than any. I hate myself for the hatred that I feel towards you, reading this right now. The hatred I feel towards my neighbors and co-workers. Toward my own family. 

These are the feelings that scare me more than anything. I feel them every night as I try to sleep.  These horrifying thoughts make it difficult to sleep.  I've never been an angry person. But now, it's something that I feel so much of. I'm losing sleep over it, and I feel that's making things so much worse. 

The last issue I'm going to mention is a drug I'm taking. It's a drug called methotrexate. I started taking it in December. It has some pretty bad side effects for some people. Some people take it with very little side effect.

I take the drug once a week, on Saturdays. When I take the drug, I feel nausea, abdominal pain, head aches, and ridiculous levels of fatigue. I usually sleep around 18 hours on Saturday because of the fatigue. 

I think beyond these, the drug may be affecting me psychologically. I don't know how to verify besides by not taking the drug today. If that's all I have to do to go back to normal, then that's what I'll do. I'm just scared that won't be enough.

I started therapy in January. He was quick to diagnose PTSD, but no method of treatment has been offered yet. I know these things take time though. He also recommended coming off the medication.

After writing all this, I don't even know what to expect people to say. Generic, 'Just hang in there bro!' I don't know. Maybe some one else I can talk to would be helpful. I feel a little better having written all this out, like I could go to sleep without rage. I scare myself lately. In this moment, I don't want to hurt anyone. I feel like I should take myself out while I'm like this, so I don't hurt anyone else.

I'm scared of getting locked away in a ward too. The loss of wages alone would be devastating. I don't think anything good would come of that. I don't want to put my wife through that. I just want help. I'm scared of help, but I know that's what I need I just don't know where to really get it from.

I'm so scared of you reading this, finding out who I am and reporting me as dangerous. That my life will be ruined because I sought help. But I can't let fear stop me, or I will die, and it may not be alone. It's that simple. But I'm still so scared right now.