Hey allI'm not exactly sure what i'm going to write, but I just want someone to hear what i'm thinking. I do have friends i could ask, but I feel uncomfortable talking to them about my emotions, and perhaps not knowing you makes this easier. I've created an account on Reddit just for this post, actually. I never used Reddit with an account before now, but on a different note, here's what I want you to read:

These days, I feel no passion, enthusiasm, guilt, excitement, or anything really. I can't say why, as I have no idea, nothing really traumatic has happened to me, and I have friends, family, a partner and I'm currently attending college. I have a future ahead of me, so to speak. But that doesn't really matter to me, I don't care. I put on a 'mask' for the people around me, as it's easier for them to believe that all is fine. Except in reality, it's not. I think about many things as the days go by, such as these; I sporadically get thoughts of killing people around me, as I pass people in the streets. I believe I am superior to others in my thoughts, and that if I want something done properly, I might as well do it myself, but I don't know why I think this way, as I know everyone has the same moral value as myself. The part that stands out to me though, is that I can just block this out, and do anything without the feeling of guilt. Sometimes, if I cause others pain (intentionally or unintentionally, though I try not to do anything as to not draw any negative attention) I have to stop myself smiling, as if i'm happy about it. Other than this, everything else has no emotional response from me. I enjoy gifts and material objects, and attention. Anything else doesn't make me feel anything. I go through each day feeling blank, only going from A to B and completing tasks. It takes serious effort to just to do the bare minimum, and it tires me to do any work.

Assuming I haven't bored you to high hell, I am aware this is suicide watch, and i'm going to get to that part now.

I enjoy the thought of suicide and self harm, and I entertain the thought frequently. Once I took a kitchen knife to my chest, and considered just piercing my chest. Presumably, no-one would have found me until I was dead from blood loss, as my family weren't home. If I recall, the only reason I resisted temptation was because it simply 'wasn't time yet'. This is all accompanied by a feeling of apathy.

Everything stated above is entirely what I think on a day-to-day basis, and I'm honestly not sure what I expect you to say, if anything. Creating this has helped me sort out my thoughts, and i'm going to sleep now. If you do have anything to say, however, feel free to comment. I'll answer when I see it.

Thank you for reading this.