My birthday is in two days.I have no friends or anyone that I feel that I can talk to, so I'm just going to post on here. I'm not really a reddit user, but I saw this subreddit when looking for reasons why I shouldn't end it all. I'm pessimistic but hopeful that this will have any kind of impact on me - whether it just be because I was able to vent or someone reaching out to me in a meaningful way... I'm not really sure what I am looking for.  


I turn 23 on September 15th. This will mark about four years since I was able to remember that last time that I had a meaningful interaction with someone outside of my family.   


As a kid, I was bullied very heavily in grade school. Not physically bullied, but mentally. I'd beg my parents every day to take me out of that school and put me in a new one. It never happened. I shut off my emotions for a long time, and just when I was finally able to feel comfortable with myself again, highschool ended. After highschool, I made my first and only meaningful friendship with a girl in my college English class. This friendship lasted until the end of the semester - when we didn't share anymore classes. It's been about 4 years since then.  


I've had a fair amount of jobs and tried to involve myself in social circles, but I never stuck. I eventually stopped going to college in person (even much before the COVID thing) in an interest to save gas money because I live in the middle of nowhere. College has been tough, but I'm near the end of my degree program, where I will have to take multiple certification exams. I won't pass them. My memory is incredibly unreliable at this point, and any hopes I have of passing these exams are likely in vain.   


I've made online "friends." It worked for a while, but it doesn't cut it for me anymore. A couple months ago, I felt suicidal for the first time. I went to therapy. It didn't help. I went to a different therapist, they said the same things. Tried again, and heard it all again. They all told me that I seem to be a well adjusted person who is smart and fun to be around. That I'm not like other people who have actual issues that prevent them from making friendships. Then why can't I? If there's nothing to fix, then am I just bound to be like this forever?  


At this point, I think this whole thing is kind of a jumbled mess. My memory is having problems sticking on one topic, so I'm just going to write down some other stuff about me before I forget it.

I have an awesome family. They're all great, and pretty much the only reason I'm alive. I live with them, and I feel like if I choose to move out, I will be too alone and go through with the suicide.

I am allergic to every food you can think of. Seriously. I choke on just about every food that you could think of every day. The food I'm allergic to makes my esophagus swell up and food gets caught in my throat. I start choking about twice every meal. My family is looking for ways to help with this. I have given up. I hope I just choke and die one meal.

I'm just beginning to realize how my future is going to look. I'm fully an adult now. I have not a single happy instance in my memory that I can recollect in my 23 years of living. If this is what living is, I wish to opt out. 

thanks for reading i guess. hopefully someone can give me some words on encouragement to keep me going for another month or so. I've been waiting and actively looking for change, but nothing has happened. I'm giving up hope that anything will happen.

yeah