Path of Self-DestructionI wish I was a victim like most of you.

But I'm not. I'm the very kind of monster that drives most of you to this point. So when I tell my story, I expect no pity. In fact. By the end of all this? You all might go for a man hunt against me...heh.

So here's how things are.

In a literal sense, my major depression started around 10 years old or so. I was not a happy toddler either due to being a white skin hispanic in a hispanic dominated area, but didn't feel the urges of harming myself til pre-teens, threats of suicide, only wanted to use those as threats as a way of showing that I'm in pain and that it was evolving to hatred. I also craved love, the romantic version, and found myself unable to obtain it. Which increased the anger and fights that I would get into, eventually leading me to get suspended and overall disconnect me from any social life, as the neighborhood I lived in and the one I use to live in didn't harbor many, if any, friends.

My family weren't bad, but certainly not understanding at the time either. They were more concerned for my education and career rather than my emotions and how unstable they were getting. They were a lot more strict too when I was young, lots of scolding and spanks, the usual.

I went through a lot of therapists and psychiatrists. They tried to give me Respirdo and Zoloft, which ended up as a bad combination and made me quite bipolar with switches of mania and depression occurring in the mind of a pre-teens under an hour. I was also a danger to others and still kinda am, as a kid pulling out scissors and threatening to stab the teacher if she didn't shut up what she was telling my aid about.

There were quite a bit of diagnostic theories. Emotionally disturbed, autism, aspegers, bipolar being suspected at the moment. But major depression was the one they decided to keep in my active medical records.

This build up makes for an unstable teenager, who had to take three blows to the back of the head and not fight back or he would end up in Juvi.

A girl named Ambriele was always there for me though. Sure, there were other friends, but they all vanished or ran whenever I got nasty.

But not her...she was always there...even told me that I should take all my anger out on her.

Keep in mind. This is only an online thing.

Well...turns out, she didn't know what kind of monster had grown inside me.

I became more aggressive I think after a major heart break, which might have influenced the backlash while I was developing feelings for this woman.

But, when I do get these emotions? It's not healthy. I become obsessive and possessive. Jealous. And it didn't help that she is polyamarous.

My feelings for her didn't appear until much later...this is where you will all hate me and burn me like a witch on a stake.

Some mother I met on IMVU rejected my advances of flirtation and lust. However, I think I was having a bad day or something, cause what happened next I can't really remember how it built up.

I tracked the location of the woman, don't think I even found an exact address, but at the time it was enough to use as a tactic of terrorization by saying that her kids are gonna get raped by pedos online, through deep web sites like HC and shit like that. Plan was to spread the info to that side of the internet and let those freaks do whatever they want.

When I told Ambriele about this, like a normal person, she flipped and tried to go against me. Which lead to our first big fight. 

At the time I did not have her home address or really keen contact information on her, so my attempts to do the same thing to her except have her younger siblings be the targets instead.

She didn't realize just how fucked up my "monster" was. It saw that attempts to put her in danger would prove nothing, so it went for what she cared about: Her real family. Keep in mind, we had a sibling type of relationship at the time.

Anyways, after the rage of fire and smoke ended, it was like waking up from a possession. Had to beg her to come back, had to get her friends to help me get her back, which eventually I did.

It should also be noted that the men or women shed fool around with also sparked jealously in me before and after.

I'm not certain when I started to realize my feelings for her. Maybe after the 2nd fight? There was times when we would get into fights cause she just wouldn't respond for months due to her job as a manager if I'm not mistaken.

The fight that had fully confirmed my feelings for her is when some drunk online named Austin said his boy was enjoying her...she was visiting him.

It later turned out to be a lie. But I exploded. Even found her home address. And I didn't ip trace or anything for that information, just the fact our phones were linked and the location her phone shows is right at her house with a picture and everything.

It got spreaded slightly around imvu and one personal contact that remained neutral.


She later explained and said that she will deal with him in rl. 

In both fights, the information spread got cleaned up for the most part (although 4chans archives are proving tricky).

Then, the third fight. This a long one and if this doesn't give you all incentive to start a man hunt, I don't know what will.

This apology here I sent to her sister explains the fight that really fucked everything up.

"Me and Ambriele have been friends for about 9+ years. We have had our fights...We actually have 2 similar to how this one escalated, that should have been the signs. I later realized my feelings for her when I outraged at some drunk dude me and her knew, lied about fucking her (she was in Florida), and after all that mess, we made up cause we realized Austin (the drunk) was lying. Well I then realized that I have feelings for her and I was upfront about it. She of course kinda just accepted it. However, the thing that set all this off was when she said she was planning to visit me, she said she wants to take my virginity. But, she wanted to visit a guy who we both know and that I have issues with and even threatened. Well I asked why and she said cause he wants to. I asked if she's gonna fuck him too (Vaden is his name), and she said she might. I of course disagreed with the idea of sloppy seconds and also told her that me and this dude are probably gonna fight and bring weapons cause he was homeless so you know he has something. Well she didn't mind as long as we didn't kill each other. This was when I realized our level of care are on two whole separate levels. So I was gonna have a final talk with her and then perform a suicide. Well she put off the conversation and I needed to talk to her urgently...can't remember why tbh. She was pretty much just ignoring me til the phone got blasted. Said we will talk later, never did, but I accepted the excuse that she had to sleep and had work once she explained when she got phone blasted at work. Well we talk slightly and she's just making sure I'm okay and said we will talk later. Later never came. I felt like she said all that just to prevent my suicide and to give me some kind of hope? She once admitted to lying to a friend to make her happy, so I suspected she was doing the same to me. Once she either blocked the phone or shut off the phone, I lost it. Did the whole stupid info spreading, asking for revenge, offering money but never did, just wanted to see what kind of people would be attracted to this sort of sick twisted shit. The threats to you guys came after she called the cops for self harm, instead of well, just talking like I was demanding and shouldn't of.   The threats were never real, they were mainly to get her attention since I don't think she realized how far gone off the deep end I was. Then the realization hit. She was gone forever. Started cutting myself for the first time and I'm only mentioning this not for pity but for what it lead up to where I decided to try going. I started feeling guilty, cause none of you deserved that just cause I was jealous and obsessed with Amb. Apologies mean nothing to Amb, which I suspect might be the same for the rest of you. Hence why I started to work on removing the info spread about Amb and everyone (Facebook links). Lol...and then I fucking smoked salvia. Saryna, a little off topic, never try this shit. It made me so traumatized and horrified that I cut the idea of suicide right off, started appreciating this world, and friends and family. I been trying to make sure that anymore damage is minimal. On Zack, I also gave you guys info on where the info was spread. Black book i would have to double check, might be the other Facebook but I doubt it. Anyway, they should have been removed and later did I decide the decision to make a formal apology. I don't expect forgiveness, cause what I did was unforgivable, but I just want you all to know that none of you deserved this at all and that I wish I can change back time but do can't the damage is done. Idk what the damaged are either, all someone told me was she was being bothered by everyone except family. Either way, none of this should have happened. I'm sorry."

And the threats? Have the house burned down and kids be raped by pedos. Which didn't make sense due the fact the siblings are adults now.

Course, whenever I did spread the information, my request was to "make the bitch pay", "make her feel what I feel", "make her feel the same pain", "make her life hell" 

Pathetic.

It wasn't until I had moments of clarity that I realized my mistake...lol...Just like our first fight three or so years ago.

Around the same time too. Halloween. I remember once trying to do a stupid blood ritual to curse her by using pimple blood. Shit. I'm hoping it didn't work. Cause this fight happened around the same time with the same results.

But anyways.

I tried everything. Even went and confessed my crimes with my formal apology to her family and their friends. Met with a thumbs down, not much response, and an off topic one sided conversation by me that ended with good night and that shed remain added, gave a big thumbs up, and low key blocked me.

I played all my cards in my attempts to repair my own damage. Fruitless.

I don't know how she's feeling. Apparently she was concerned about the suicide and did call the cops for self harm, which I lied to them I wasn't threatening to do so. Now, if they came later, they'd definitely would have seen slashes I made with broken glass.

And as I try to seek help. Everyone is either fucking sick or working 48 hours in a day (hah). Not very funny.

So, with no one to turn to, feeling far more suicidal than ever, the pot not helping, I turned to salvia, which psychologically traumatized me since it amplified the feelings of depression, hatred for the world, and loneliness by infinity.

As well as experience death in the form of crushing and suffocation.

I told her most of this stuff via burners and caller ID changed to show that I am punishing myself and that I am trying to find answers but end up shooting myself in the foot, so she can have a sense of satisfaction that I'm paying my price.

Course, that's not enough. No response at all.

So now that I know she's gone forever and it's all my fault, I'm on a mission to commit suicide, whether it'd be from my hands or others, as I've been looking around to have someone kill me, or sometimes I'll go see if I can pick a fight and get killed in the process.

I've played all my cards. Only thing left to do would be fly to her state and do it in person. But that would just create more problems.

And yes, her family and friends know my name and phone number now. Or at least they should.

All this though

Is cause of me.

There will never be someone like her. And I ain't looking for replacements or rebounds. And I'm not planning to live without her.

That's why if anyone's interested.

PM me how to find me. Whether it'd be for your own sense of justice, or a favor of putting a monster like me down.

Tl;dr: Way too far by Korn describes how I feel exactly.

With guilt and remorse,

Vincent Baltodano 