Family and University issues, don't know what to doExcuse my English, not first language, sorry. Long rant ahead, sorry again.


I've been having problems lately, I've changed course and University once and the last couple of years in this new University (and new course) have been terrible. It's really hard to wake up and go to classes now, I struggle to stay awake during lectures because I find them boring (seriously I can't avoid dozing off, it's happened to me ever since school but now it happens more often). I suffer from prediabetes, which might be related to my fatigue, I haven't checked if it's diabetes type 2 now though. Pretty much everyone is boring too at the place where I study, they really have nothing exciting to talk about, also I feel like some people get close only to get something in return (there was this time when a boy talked to me and it was a nice conversation, but then he evidently wanted sex and even asked me for it, I just told him that I didn't and he never talked to me again). I feel terrible about all of this, because my family doesn't really like the idea of me changing courses (or University) again, or even leaving it at all, although they are somewhat supportive I know they don't want me to. Besides, I've been always told by friends and family that I'm smart and I feel pressured by them expecting me to always be successful, and I know sometimes they say it because they think it's a nice compliment, but I seriously wished people didn't label me as the smart one, I feel like a little failure of mine would disappoint everyone. And the social prejudices in this country (and I guess everywhere) are all about studying to get a nice job, and if you don't then you are a failure or you 'gave up'. I don't think I'm giving up, I just hate it, I don't like University and would rather do something else.


And that's not my only problem, my family is another big issue. My family is my dad, mom and three other siblings. My oldest sibling returned from studying abroad and now has this superiority complex, always making this stupid 'subtle' comments that he can do it all and better than anyone else, and asking me along with the rest of my family to do things for him in a demanding way when he is too lazy to do it himself, he thinks that now that he wins a lot of money at his work, he has some sort of power to be ultra lazy at home and get away with it. It doesn't help that he once had depression and ever since NOBODY tells him bad things, it's always 'he is so smart', 'he is so successful', etc... I'm not jealous (I could careless, it's always been a little like that in this family), just sad that he changed so much over the years and that he's turning this family into selfish, arrogant people who live only caring of what other people think of them, trying to look wealthy and like the 'happy perfect family' so they do not discuss problems now, because we are supposed to be perfect. Also, because I'm the other 'smart' person of the family, I am expected to be as 'successful' as him, and maybe even get a phD in another country (but I would never, I hate studying).


My other sibling has a boyfriend now, and I hate him (and I don't usually hate people, he is the only person I can't stand). It's a guy that came to this city and doesn't have any money to live by himself so when he met my sibling he started living here, and I didn't mind at first, but I have social anxiety issues and to have this guy living here is the worst, he is annoying to no end, he pays nothing to be here but gets to eat all he wants and shower as long as he wants, I wouldn't be bothered that much by this (I like to help people), I could even ignore it the first months but he does all this annoying things, like he showers while singing so loud you can hear him at any point in the house, like it's his own place, no respect over anyone else. He even laughs loudly while watching some stupid cartoons at midnight when everybody else wants to sleep, he is told that he can't lock himself in the room with my sibling but this shameless idiot does it anyways whenever my parents aren't looking (or he thinks they are asleep). He once went to vacations with us and when our parents left for some time, he went full lazy and didn't do shit, going to use the swimming pool while we did all the chores (with my only 'nice' sibling), sleeping for hours in his room, littering the place (he drank the whole beer package in the fridge and didn't bother to throw the cans into the trash bin), asking my older sibling for cigarettes and smoking everyday, and when my parents came back, he went back to the 'nice boy' act, asking my mom if she needed help with this and that, etc... It's been already a couple of years and I had to make a whole fuss, screaming and shit to even get them to have some decency here, now the boy knows I hate him and is kind of wary of me, but still annoying as hell, and still pretending to be a nice person when my parents are there, or victimizing himself when I get mad. Since I made such a big issue out of it (according to my mom), he now stays over some days a week, but not every day like before (still is a lot of time in this house). This asshole has also lied multiple times in order to get to stay overnight in our house, like once he said he had a fight with a friend (seriously?) and my sibling (the nice one, who also dislikes this idiot) told me she stalked his facebook (we never do this, only did it because we were suspicious and really angry) and he had happily posted in the wall of this friend of his minutes ago, both of them talking like best friends. Also, we found out that his family doesn't know he is dating my sibling.


The reason why I really hate him (aside from his incredibly annoying habits) is that some time ago my sibling began working at a fast food restaurant while she was studying at University, and it was really hard on her (she was really tired), but she decided to give all the money she earned to his 'poor' boyfriend (at the time they weren't dating I think) and the stupid asshole wasted it in some shit that he supposedly was going to use to work and gain money, but the damn thing he bought is nowhere to be found now. And he's always been like that, my sibling even told me she felt stupid for doing that but she wanted to help, the asshole wastes his money like he was a 6 year old in a candy shop, and he is older than me. Of course he never returned that money, and for some reason they are still dating (My sibling always seems to date the most stupid, annoying bad guys). I know my dad dislikes him as well, but my family is the type that pretends being happy, and don't like saying things straight, they won't scold him or my sibling (just my dad when he gets angry, and even then it's just a weak scolding) and my older brother doesn't care as long as the boyfriend is willing to hear him talking about himself and his 'amazing skills' (he is the walking definition of being 'full of yourself').


And then there's my parents, my father is always working and my relationship with him is way better than with anyone else at this house, but he is never home, and when he is he goes to sleep very soon because he is too tired. My mother is always insulting me in this indirect kind of way, like she can't be nice with me, I have prediabetes and she is always saying I'm getting fat, I should eat less because I'm fat, etc... It makes me feel worse rather than worried about my disease, she says I should worry more about my appearance, points out when my clothes are too big or look bad (because I dress more like a guy than a 'lady'), scolds me when my hair is a bit messy, etc... And she obviously has preference over my other two siblings (the ones I mentioned before), even when THEY screw up (like they got locked with the boyfriend in the room, or my oldest sibling smoked inside the house, etc etc) she rather scold me, and rant on me. The other day I didn't make my bed because my other sibling (the nice one that doesn't live in this house anymore) was coming home and she is my best friend, the only person I can tell this things (kinda), so I went downstairs to give her something to eat and drink, she is pregnant now so I take a lot more care. That day, my sibling had her boyfriend stay over and they left a huge mess in the living room, and I went to order it because my sister was coming over, and then while we were there my older sibling starts smoking, they fucking know that there's a pregnant woman here, and so I tell my mother that they're behaving like idiots today and she shrugs it off and after some minutes she comes to me and starts scolding me because I didn't make my bed (really?), and I should go do it now, she sounds super angry. I find out that neither my older nor younger brother made their beds and their rooms were a total disaster, but of course she only scolded me (and the reason is really dumb). It makes me sad, because it seems like she hates me, and hates me even more when I point out that my other siblings were doing something wrong.


The worst was when I went to my room and locked myself because I was crying (I don't like to be seen crying), the reason is that my mother thought the problems of my younger sibling and his boyfriend were more important than anything I was dealing with, and so I should 'suck it up' and stop complaining and behaving like that, and when my sibling comes upstairs to talk to me, she starts victimizing herself like she always does. Then my mother comes up, and asks me to open the door, I felt like shit then (It was also me having bottled up too much anger and sadness) so I didn't want to open the door, and then my mother starts saying all this shit, that I brought her more problems and she was dealing with too much stuff right now (not really, only talking to the workers of the new house they're buying) to have even more shit added to her problems with my ranting, and that she didn't want to deal with my things and she kept talking about herself, victimizing herself (like mother like daughter). I was so angry I told her to shut up, if she wanted to worry about herself and didn't want anything to do with my problems that she better leave now, I didn't want to know anymore how she didn't care at all, all she cares about is herself.

And it gets so tiring, I'm the person who is most time at the house, so sometimes my mother (who now with my 'nice' sibling believe has been getting anger issues) goes up to my room and rants, and she insults me when she is really angry and a couple of times she even hit the walls and broke stuff. I was so dumb when I was younger, I thought my family was perfect, and with every day that passes I start to see new things, new sides of the people I thought I knew.


I don't know if I'm exaggerating, I feel like my problems are nothing compared to others, and it's been so long since all of this is happening, I've never thought that I was depressed because of it, I wanted to be normal and graduate from University and get a nice job, etc... But now I've like, gotten to know this other side of me, I've realized I don't want to stay in University, I want to leave this awful house, I want to go away, far away. Everything seems hopeless, I tried to be in a relationship with a guy (to be normal) and I went full panic attack, I even felt disgusted with it, I tried to study and go to classes but I always fall asleep there, and I tried being more social but I can't because I'm fucked up in the head and I get all uncomfortable and nervous, and I feel like everyone moves on but me. My family is old fashioned and I feel like shit when I realize I'm the total opposite of that, I have gender and sexuality issues (that I've never ever told anyone about, when I insinuated I might not like guys at all my mother started to laugh and joke that maybe I liked girls, and then when I didn't reply she went serious and denied that possibility, thinking it was crazy) I also don't want to study in University and I don't wanna have a boring job just to earn tons of money, if anything I would like to do something that I truly enjoyed, something that was worth fighting for, but I'm the only one that thinks like this in my family, everyone else would rather have a 'secured future' with a career and a job.
I don't like being so different, it seems easier to just fit in but I tried and I can't, I seriously tried to be like everyone my age but I really can't.


The suicidal thoughts have always been around in my head for a couple years, even when I was in school (because of the gender thing), but now they are so much worse. I often lie in bed for hours and the thoughts that I could just jump off a building or run towards a moving car seem relieving, like it would solve everything, it would finally put me to rest from all this stupid problems, I wouldn't have to worry about the future and wouldn't be scared of every decision I take anymore. But then I think about my father and sister, she's pregnant now, I can't do it because I'll be guilty, I'll probably mess them up, I don't wanna hurt them but I really can't take anymore of this.


Thanks for anyone who gave his or her time to read such a long rant, I needed to tell someone about it, even if it's the internet only.