I'm 24 and with no hope for the futureI'm an atheist and believe that life is pointless. I wish I could stop existing, I wish that I had the courage to kill myself but I've never been able to. The only time I've tried to commit suicide was when I was 11 and it was a very pathetic attempt. I've been abused most of my entire life. With my family, I grew up being physically and emotionally abused by them and a few times when I was young, I was sexually abused by others. My family did not care. Until I was 18, my family would sometimes tell me I was a retard, ugly, unwanted.  

I came from a stereotypical upper middle class white family so no one ever questioned anything, despite the fact I was obviously depressed as a child. I did have a teacher and a doctor who seemed to think I was depressed but nothing was ever done about it.

Most of my relationships have been abusive. At first I was in them because I thought that was how partners normally treated each other and didn't question it. Later on, I just believed it must be what I deserved because I hated myself so much. On the plus side, I haven't been in an abusive relationship since 2017. My last relationship wasn't abusive and was mostly pleasant but it only lasted a few months. I broke up with him because he was occasionally rude to me, he made a few jabs about my appearance and my personality. Now I feel so alone that I regret it. 

I have a few friends that I love dearly. I just so badly wish I could have had a good family. I would do anything to have siblings and parents that care about me, or to have some sort of community or stability. Recently one of my best friends attempted suicide. I lost a best friend to suicide in 2010 and it destroyed my life for a few years. Knowing that my friends were able to do it makes it feel like I could too. I feel like I am in so much emotional pain that I feel sick. 

It's even more annoying because if you look at my life objectively, everything is going pretty well. I live alone in a nice apartment, I've been told that I'm attractive, I can paint, play an instrument, volunteer very often and I'm starting my masters in a desirable field in January. I have traveled alone and have been to 10 different countries. All of this just makes me feel worse, in a way. Like I have done many interesting things and have talents, but I am still alone and miserable. It doesn't feel like anything will make me happy so it all just feels pointless.

Tomorrow I'm going to call my old psychiatrist and see if I can get put back on Zoloft. I took it a few years ago and I remember it helping, I think. 

Well, if you made it that far, thank you. I guess I just wanted to vent.