I need help..24M, manic depressif since age 11
History of anxiety, stress, panic attacks, personality disorder, suicidal impulses, recovering addict, 

I've lived in hell for a long time. I've had more things happen to me in 10 years than most people live through in a life time.
I've fought and won some battles 
I've lost alot more.
I've built walls to protect myself
And stood there watching them crumble to the floor
Every minute of every hour of every day
I want to give up and end this
It hasn't worked before. I'm an idiot to think itll work again. I'm too much of a coward to try again. Too scared to fail. I mean fuck, who fails at killing themselves 4 different times? 

Just add it to the list of everything else I've screwed up.

My friends, those that are left anyways, all say the same thing; retard, idiot, moron, piece of shit, pussy, stupid, failure
I get it friends are supposed to give you a hard time to toughen you up.
But at this point I hear it so often I'm believing it.
Its sinking in.
I'm sinking deeper.
I cant seem to get out of this hole that I've dug. I'm tired of feeling this way

I'm tired of feeling like I'm never gonna a be good enough.
Tired of being a failure.
Tired of screwing up everything I touch. 
Hurting people and myself.

I'm tired of the mood swings and the anxiety and the fits of rage that come out of absolutely nowhere for the littlest things. It's the accumulation that does it. It builds up and builds till it explodes.

I dont have anyone to talk to about it.. they are either too busy to deal with my shit, tired of hearing about my shit, or they dont understand and basically just tell me to.not be depressed.

I have a routine and an active lifestyle. I go to.school and work and force myself to go to the gym daily. I have a car and an apartment and food in the fridge and my cats are happy and healthy. I have a social life, I have friends, I have everything you would need to make a normal person content with the situation.

So why cant I shake this grief? Why can't I make it stop? Why do I want to die instead of fight? I'm so tired of fighting. I'm tired of living. Tired of suffering.

I'm running out of reasons to keep fighting. Everything that I'm trying isnt working and just ends up making things worse...

I dont know what to do anymore..