I feel selfish for not killing myself.I think about suicide every day. It's been like this for the past couple of years. On and off, I've just wanted to end things, but I've been too scared to. I still want a future. I still want to find happiness. But I just want to stop feeling like this. To stop living this life.

I'm 15 (F), currently a sophomore in high school, and recently got diagnosed with chronic PTSD and rediagnosed with MDD. I was diagnosed with MDD and anxiety in middle school.

I've written quite a few suicide notes over the past year. I don't know what is true and what is not anymore. I feel like my parents are narcissistic and emotionally abusive, but at the same time, what if it's me? I feel like my older sister is an enabler, but at the same time... what if it's just me?

I hate my family.

I'm too scared to die, but at the same time, I feel selfish for not doing it. I feel like, if I was truly suicidal, I would just do it? Even my parents told me this. Or maybe it's just me. I feel stuck.

Every time I hear my parents upstairs, I get a stomachache. Just being at home keeps me on edge. I think they abused me in the past, but at the same time, what if I'm just wrong?

But I know death threats and gas lighting isn't normal. That's not love. But then again, what is? I'm on the verge of an existential crisis, man. I have semester exams today. The school knows I'm suicidal. I think my teachers do as well.

I feel embarrassed. So ashamed of myself. I want to reach out for support, but at the same time, I don't want to worry anyone. I don't want them to know that this straight A student is struggling with mental illness, and that their family doesn't like them.

I don't know anymore. I've been taking it one day at a time, but it's getting increasingly tiring. I tried to stop cutting in fear someone would find out. I've been sticking with healthier coping mechanisms, but I'm scared that one day, I'll just... snap.

Battling depression for almost half my life alone. Struggling with PTSD that I feel is triggered just by being home. I'm on antidepressants, so I hope those work. I've been exercising every day and distracting myself. It's not working. I'm scared.

I'm still contemplating suicide, but I don't want to die.