Idk exactly why I'm posting this.My brain is befuddled right now, but, I got to just say something. 

I simply cannot do this anymore, so I'm going to leave this place. I don't know just how much more exquisite my dilemma can get. I want to, but I don't want to become a stumbling block for those around me. I want them to be free of any emotional burden my demise might bring, but how the hell do I get that right?

Okay so I've considered trying to shed my fears and just saying fuck it, and live my life. Discover the real truth about our ancient past, delve into some science like biology and astronomy, also get into more philosophy and history. Learn how to play an instrument or two and write some music, and immerse myself into discovering and listening to great music  Go travel and see ancient natural and historical places and have a few adventures. Sample different cultures traditions and foods, drink Ayahuasca (hehe), reach a fide chess rating of 2200. Do a few detailed sketches and oil paintings. Read more great literature. Write a few books. Just learn and discover and grow. Learn another language or two. Help people who are going through crisis. All the while just generally, offering help wherever and whenever I can. Live simply. Live freely. Just let go of fear and of the past- just learn, discover, and love. Live a spiritual life. 

To what end? For what? What's the point actually. Utterly given up on relationships already, because I suck.

But I can't. I just can't do it. I've never been to a psychiatrist or psychologist, but I swear there's something wrong with me. It could be some subconscious belief. Are these limitations self-induced? Do I have a neurological issue? Idk but I just cannot deal with this life. It's just all too overwhelming. 

My dreams are just dreams, not because I lack the ability or the passion, but because of something else... Something unknown and beyond my comprehension. 

Yeah I battle pretty extreme anxiety and depression I'm sure (never been to a psychologist or psychiatrist as I've said), but, it's something else. Something related to this world, this system- cruelty, ego, etc. Something about existentialism.

So anyway here I am, stuck in limbo- craving and planning an exit, but also reluctant to negatively affect those around me. 

I've got a date and the means now- all that's holding me back are the people with whom I have some or other connection with, and who I know will be negatively affected by my disappearance to the other side. 

I have all these dreams and goals, but I can't even do simple tasks like talk to people face to face without freaking out inside. I just want to run away whenever someone tries to make small talk with me, especially small talk. God I can't do it. 

I can't function. I can't even keep a steady job. I can't even greet a neighbour. I can hardly even walk out the door.

I feel worthless. I feel scared. I'm fucking paranoid about everything and I think I suffer delusions of persecution or something. I feel dirty. I feel useless and unworthy. I feel not good enough. 

 I'm rambling into the ether now aren't I?... nothing new, nothing new. 

Most things I've left out, like having lost people in my life and other stuff, but ok.

Anyways... So.. why the heck am I even gonna post this. Is it reaching out? Probably is, right?

Um... K I'm scared of dying, but I'm also really eager and excited to get it over with. I am just a waste of space and resources here. 

I don't know what I'm doing here. 

Read about how some people who have had near death experiences... their spirit leaving their body and feeling peace and well-being, free from fear or worries- I really hope that's how it's gonna be. 

Love all you good people. I wish you all well.