4 AM and I will literally jump off this buildingI'm already dead. I'm already dead. I'm already dead.
 
If I keep saying this, over and over, can I get the courage I need to do it right now? 'Cause the feeling I get when I think about not existing is great.

Please, do not consider this as a "I'm asking for help" post. This will be, in just some minutes, a suicide letter. 

If you are reading this, I want you to know some things about me. I'm a boy, not gonna reveal my age, nor name, city, nothing. And I'm about to die. But how did I get here? This is the important part, please, read.

My family always thought they were doing the best for me. But I was feeling incomplete. They always gave me everything I wanted, everything money could buy, but their pride, anger, violence, lack of patience/love was unbearable. I never had a morning without fights and punches, never had a day without shouting and cursing.

I always try, and I'm not making everything I can do. I always follow rules, the weirdest ones too, and I'm never obedient. I stay shut for all day, I walk staring the floor and I CAN NOT talk to anyone, yet I'm LOUD. And they scream, and scream, and scream, and scream for hours! With me, with each other, and I can't think about living one more second in my own house.

I met a girl. She is really nice, I told a lot to her. She says she loves me and I believe her. I feel better with her. But I hope she knows that it was not her fault. I'll let a note for her. She did her best and I'm really sad to leave her, I wish I could see her one more time, but I know that if I did, I wouldn't want to jump.

My friends. I shouldn't call 'em that. They treat me like shit. I'm skinny, white, but I have bruises, scars, lots. And I don't commit self-harm. They call me weirdo, emo, they ignore me and curse me by every possible name. 

I don't hate anyone, why am I so hated? The world is trying to say that I don't belong here? Why everyone can have a FUCKING functional family but I can not?! Why can't I just smile? Why can't I be happy for just one day? Why can't I just cry, for days, weeks...

I hope you don't have to go through any of what I'm feeling. I know there are people starving, bleeding, lost, but I can't move on, I can't find any other exit, I can't! I can't do anything! I tried to get everything better, to live a better life, to fight but I CAN'T. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't. I CAN'T.

I hope I die a horrible death, I hope they find me unrecognizable on the street, please, don't let any child see it, please, please, please, please, PLEASE, PLEASE, my childhood made me who I am, so please, I can't ruin another life. 

I will just write the note to her, and go.