Brother has expressed suicidal ideation to meMy brother (20) has been in a relationship with a non-binary person for several months and I'm concerned that he's learning behaviors and coping mechanisms that aren't healthy for him.  His partner is transgender, bipolar, non-binary, has trauma from going to doctors, and has gender dysphoria and severe social anxiety and depression.  Early September they were admitted to the ER for suicidal ideation, which my brother accompanied for support.  A week later they self-admitted themselves, which my brother was there for too.  Talking on the phone with my brother during that time, all he could say was how much he loved them and how he was afraid of all the pain he (and they) were in.  

Last week Wednesday he called my mom in the middle of the day, saying that he wanted to hurt himself and that he wanted to die.  She got him an appointment to see a doctor to get prescribed an anti-depressant (sertraline, same as me) that he was able to go to that day.  

I can honestly say that my brother has been going down this spiral of mental illness for as long as he's been in this relationship.  He's started smoking weed (which is whatever, I don't agree with it, but if it helps him great).  I feel like he's taking on the emotional stress that his friends are experiencing, simply because he cares about them so much.  Yesterday my mom went over to his dorm (planned) and brought our dog to visit him and drop off things.  Not once did he mention how he was doing, regarding the fact that just last week he wanted to kill himself.  He was never alone with my mom, he even made her stay out in the hallway so that she didn't see his friends inside.  He's learned to fake a smile for his friends to keep peace within their minds and their mental health.  The only time he ever reaches out to us now is if something is dangerously wrong.  Which is triggering for both me and my parents.  He's been seeing a therapist for a few months, but I feel like he's not taking it seriously.  If he's constantly lying and with-holding information to us, so who's to say that he would say anything to his therapist that he hardly knows?  

Thanks for reading if you've made it this far, I've never had to live with this sort of situation.  I feel like my family is splitting in two and it drives me insane to think that it might be because of the people my brother chooses to hang around.  He has always been such a kind, loving person.  I know he still is, but it's buried deep below lots of insecurity and sadness now.