How to convince myself...Dear Reddit,

I have it all... I have a wife who dies for me, a family who loves me (no kids), I have done everything I wanted in my life, I have traveled, I have lived in 3 different countries, I have studied 2 careers (finishing my second one) but to be honest, in the back of my head, life has always been a waste of time for me... 

Everyday I regret of every single desition I've ever taken (good or bad), I don't know why... I complain about my studies, about my work, about every single person I know (friends or not), I cannot get to see the bright side of life, and althugh I have tons of support, I have always been thinking of a way of getting out of my life without having to hurt anyone.

It has always ben a cyclic thing... Sometimes I feel it very strongly, some others I really am happy, but still, I think I am wasting everyone's time... And the last months have been horrible for me.... I want to die, and I don't know how to change it... I don't want to have to think like that, but honestly, life is a waste of time, I'm wasting everyone's time because my place is not in this world. I hate pretty much everyone, my only few friends live far away from me and they have made their lifes, have tried to talk to them but really haven't gotten into much detail, I don't want to be a load.

I started going to the psychiatrist and he told me I should start a diary.. I did, but everytime I write a new page I get more scared, the subject of being bored of being alive is everytime more frequent and to be honest I am scared.

My career is my hobby, I love(d) it, but I fucking hate it at the same time, I've left everything for a dream I haven't achieved the way I wanted, I have made a woman fall in love with me (my wife) and now I don't even know if I love her anymore, I am so full of shame... My mother has helped me economically with my studies and she still does whenever there's trouble... but the only thing I can think of is: "you are wasting your money, I'm not worth shit".

I try to keep myself occupied and happy by reading a lot, trying to cultivate myself, but I live in a country where everyone is a fucking idiot, the culture here is always to look for guilt elsewere but in yourself... At the same time I hate my country of origin so there's no way I see myself going back.

Finally, I'm almost 30 yrs old and I haven't been able to meet yet someone who is worth my friendship... I consider myself a very good friend and the few friends I have (mentioned earlier) are from my childhood, everyone I've met in my adult years has been a jerk, I've been betrayed by them, I've been left alone and now I cannot tolerate people anymore.

I wish I could go back to my early years to do everything from the beginning again, but I know it's impossible, this is why I want to stop taking time and money and love from people who I bother more than give anything back. I'm a fucking load on everyone's back... I cry myself in the morning telling my wife I dont even know if I love her anymore, I complain about everything I have and don't have, I believe life has no bright size, I'm better off dead and out of this, but I don't want to think like this.

I don't even know why I am writing on this subreddit, as I am sure I am very far from everyone who will read this, I cannot show my real face anymore, to anyone, and the only people how really know who I am, are all full of my problems and I don't want them to have to stand this anymore.

I think I want to be dead every single second now, I want out of this.

