Maybe I should just give up.Everything i touch i ruin. 

1-Lost the love of my life and my best friend. He apparently was never in love with me. What I thought best thing happened to me in a decade was a lie. He took al my hopes and dreams with him and doesn’t even want to talk to me anymore. I tried to hold onto him so hard so long i broke it. 

2- Unemployed never been able to hold onto a job more than 18 months all my life. I bought a house and i cant find a job and i am in the hospital i had some saved money but its gonna run out and eventually bank is gonna take the house back and i don’t care whats gonna happen to me but i am worried about my dad. 

3-Hospitalized because I haven’t been able to eat anything in two weeks and passed out in the kitchen while cooking for my dad. Bunch of 2nd degree oil burns. Almost burned the house down and my wounds are infected and they are not doing good because I still cant eat anything i am so weak i take breaks even while writing this. Now i have stomach ulcers apparently and doctors doesn’t say to my face but i can see they think i am entitled brat for still not being able to eat while people have real problems in their life. 

4- Reached out to my “friends” most emphatic response i got was ‘yeah you will be sad for a while’ reached out online to forums and support groups. There was few people asking me how i was doing then they got fed up with me I guess they haven’t been texting. Everyone keeps telling me move on and forget but no one is telling me how to do that. And I am not sure if i want to. 

I am either sad or i feel nothing and i am holding onto the sadness cuz not feeling anything scares me worse. I have been there for 15 years I don’t want to go trough it again I don’t think i can take another 15 years of it i am 30 in couple of months. 

Apparently i ruin everything i touch and I kept telling me after everything things will get better I will survive I don’t believe that anymore. Nothing gets better in my life ever. If i get happiness for a while every time it becomes worse thats what my life is pockets of happiness between a downhill run. Every time gives me hope every time i crush and burn. I don’t have the will to fight anymore. 

I can just tell I refuse treatment and go home and die in a week or two. My dad will have the house have less debt. Sure he will be sad for a while but he will be over it eventually. All I did was bring him misery anyway. I have been in the hospital for 5 days and had 0 visitors no one cares about my existence anyway why should i keep fighting just to continue to be a burden. 

I told him help me survive this I don’t want to die and he just stopped answering me. I waited an hour 3 am holding my phone in my hand trying not fall asleep so i don’t miss if he messaged me. I got angry and called him out on what he was doing and the response was “what the fuck do you want me to say? i didnt have a response cuz you basically said the same thing i already responded to. i had to eat get ready for my stream. you are a grown woman. you need to take responsibility for yourself. we are not together anymore. what you are doing is toxic, for the both of us. i cant make you feel better because the second i dont live up to your demands you pull this shit. you know what i was doing.” The person i loved more than myself ladies and gentlemen I didn’t want to be in a relationship again. I wanned him to be my friend. He can’t even do that. People keep telling he is a piece of shit but I still love him and others calling him bad names makes me feel worse about myself because I still love him after everything. I keep reading all his messages where he says hateful things at me and I feel worse and i am glad I felt worse cuz if not i am not gonna feel nothing and when i stop feeling sad and start feeling empty inside I don’t wanna do that again. One guy who wanned me more than just for sex didn’t wanned me at all. No one ever wants me no ones cares about me why should i keep trying?