What joy is there to be had in living?Even if I like to do something or really want to do something like play the guitar, what is the point? I feel like there is none. Maybe there would be a point if I was out of my parent's house. But I don't know when that's going to happen. I'm just too stupid. Too mentally inflexible. And I'm probably going to have to sell the guitar anyways. I'm that position I would almost rather be desparate and living on the streets than have to dedicate my fucking time and energy to a cause or an employer. But I don't get to have these feeli gs or opinions because I'm still here under their roof. It's not that their opinion comes into the equation. It's just the way it is. I'm not allowed to have dreams or respect until I find a way to make $2000 + a month. And it just sucks, because I don't have the inclination to point my curiosity towards "immediately" hireable skills. I just want to sit here and master music. Guess I should have fucking decided to do that when I was a kid. 

Fact is, I'm just not up for it to look at my position and to say, "Okay, I may have to sell my guitar and everything I love in order to eat, but I can work my way up to someday to buying one again!!! :) :) :)

Fuck that. I would rather take an AK to innocent people in the street than have to face that reality. But I guess that's why I should kill myself. Because I'm too entitled. I have too much of an entitled feeling towards having shit in my life that makes waking up worth it at all. Sorry; the rising sun and other people existing are not reasons to feel like it's all worth it. And no, giving up my cat is not a motivating factor. If anything, I just want it all to go away. I want my worldly experiences to go away. But I don't get to have that. I have to live with shit. Fuck it all. Fuck it all. I just want to feel like there is JUSTICE in life before I fucking DIE FOREVER.

And you know, my attitude will never change. I'll never have the courage to show love to other people or to ACTUALLY give a fuck about ANYTHING. It's NOT MY CHOICE NOT TO GIVE A FUCK. So fuck you, I don't KNOW what's wrong with me, and I'll be damned if I EVER have the courage or wisdom to know what exactly it IS that's wrong with me. No, I don't have a fucking passion. No I will never have one. No, I don't get to decide that. No, I don't get to decide my level of intelligence or conscientiousness. I don't get to decide HOW EFFECTIVE I am at trying to improve those things.  Which the more I think about it, is a pretty GOOD FUCKING REASON to be DONE WITH IT ALL. 

I don't get to be whatever I want. I don't get to do whatever I want. And at the end if the day, I don't get to decide "how much I want something" anyways. THERE IS NO JUSTICE IN LIFE.