it just seems like my only optioni've always been suicidal or at least obsessed with the idea of making everything stop since i was still in single digits, what i can remember of that time anyway, trauma blocks out a lot 

the frantic urge has waxed n waned depending on ym life circumstances but most days even on good days or weeks or months i still wake up and my first thoughts are "fuck. you woke up. aren't you tired? you could just. do it today you know. so easy. and then you never have to wake up again! u won't have to handle everything yourself! there will be nothing to handle!" but like depression and lonliness n abuse are one thing. u can get help for that you can heal that you can fix that you can push through that. but physical pain and immobility is another for me. i'm kind of sickly and i'm in my mid 20's and it just feels like - actually not just feels. it is. no matter how hard i work on my health and fitness my body seems bent on failing me and honestly i see the potentially vast expanse of my life stretchhing before me and it just gets darker and more painful. i thought once i lost all the weight or once i started really investing in my mental health and healing things would be different. better. 

it's not. i still want to die all the time, and this year has just. calmed the urge, but also solidified it. made me sure it's the right path for me. 

it always felt unfair that i can't just. check out because of obligations to other people. but i'm starting to get over that. my family n friends will be fine you know?  i'm no one's first priority anyway and people r resilient and can recover emotionally from just about anything and so can i. but this is less about my brain and more about my body and i've got to the point where i'm no longer thinking about a lifetime of shoddy pain management and failed rehabilitation and i spend most of my time considering my options for not being here shortly. how to make it as smooth or Sure as possible, how to make sure its not just an attempt. it feels right and it feels inevitable and it feels. comforting. 

i can't wait to not suffer, honestly. mentally, physically, emotionally. all of it. 

i don't know. i don't feel panicked anymore, i only feel panicked when i think about. being here. having to ccontinue to be here. now i feel like, okay. what's another little while of pain for an endless expanse of peace right? i don't know. i know how it sounds and i know how upset i would be if someone i loved just wanted to end it but i feel like. i'd also be happy for them? i'm not sure. probably not. maybe i would just want people to be happy for me. that i'm finally doing the only thing ive ever wanted to do. rest. 

i think i just wanted to share as i don't have the means to access counselling/therapy services and can't share these thoughts with my friends or brother without terrifying/alerting them. did not feel "in crisis" enough to try a hotline, thank you for reading and maybe understanding