I tried to kill myself the other nightI don't really know how to talk about this. Right now my kids are playing and being cute and the conflict of disgust for myself at my attempt to leave them and the disgust that they deserve someone better than their shit mommy is mingled up. 

I feel sick because I haven't eaten again too. But it doesn't make a difference, I'm still fat. I'm not losing weight. 

My attempt was as pathetic and stupid as I am. I tried to run outside naked in 4 degree snowy weather and throw myself into water. I didn't even make it outside. My husband wrestled me to the ground first while I was screaming like a banshee. The bruises are a reminder of how pathetic I am. 

I've been married for six years. I've been in a poly relationship with my boyfriend for four. Ex boyfriend. Yeah, look at the drama queen having a breakdown over her worthless ex. 

My husband is an INTJ. He loves me deeply but he's terrible at showing it. He's very neurotic. (read the wikipedia article for Neuroticism and you've got his biography). He's also the male equivalent of a nymphomaniac. His upbringing was conservative-Christian-style abusive, and he reacts in a volatile manner to almost everything. I'm ESFJ, I try to keep everyone happy, but I guess I'm shit at it. I rarely clean because I'm always tired. Keeping him calm when the kids lose it is a strain. Keeping myself calm when the kids lose it is a strain. Some days I just can't anymore. Those are the days we fight. 

He loves me, he works very hard for our family. I just feel very lonely and not understood. Or that he even tries to understand. He just wants the fight to stop, but also to "win" it. To explain to me with anger-skewed logic how I'm wrong nomatter what, in the heat of a fight. When not in a fight, he still doesn't know how to do things make me happy even though we've been married for six years. Even though I know how to make him happy. I've tried to tell him sweet things to try, he'll do it for a day or two then forget. I feel so lonely. 

At some point I'd started cutting, but rarely. Maybe once every few months, then a year or two between. 

Four years ago my husband had had a girlfriend on Second Life for awhile and I'd been ok with it, our marriage had been rocky and it kept him from harassing me for sex so much. He had encouraged me to talk to guys there too. I met my boyfriend by roleplaying on Second Life, and the connection was instantaneous and intense. We talked for hours and hours and hours the first few days. He understood me, the way he thought made sense. We had the same interests, liked the same games, liked the same themes. My husband was jealous that we had so much in common, but he was getting a lot more sex so he didn't complain much. 

My boyfriend was my social life. I told him everything, though I told him too much so many times its probably what killed it at some point or another. We moved around a lot, so I wasn't able to meet up with him until the very end of those four years. Well after he was already over me, though he always said that he loved me. 

We kept moving, then I got pregnant. He was sure I'd disappear, but I didn't. 

No one would hire me pregnant. I became a stay at home mother before I even had the baby. Childcare would cost the same as me working my ass off at part time jobs just to pay for someone else to raise my children for me. 

My husband hurried and got a job in NYC and we moved to a shitty part of NJ when I was 8 months pregnant. The birth was traumatic for me, the doctors were horrible to me and bullied me into a cesarean I probably didn't need. The new baby was colicky and miserable. My husband's job was hell, the commute was hell. I was alone all day with a miserable baby and my online boyfriend. Then the job cut everyone's already spectacularly low pay down by 25%. We lost our apartment. I had to move in with his control freak hyper conservative christian mother. (borderline fundamentalist) My husband had to move in with a friend for a longer commute, for shit pay, while the new boss they assigned when the old one quit screamed at his three person department in front of the entire office. He had sleep apnea and wasn't sleeping. He was in hell. 

His mother is a hoarder. I was crammed in a tiny basement filled to the ceiling with bullshit and an extreme mold problem that made everyone sick. I had my tiny miserable colicky baby down there while failing at breastfeeding and was in pumping hell. He would cry all night and refuse to eat and I had to be chained to a breast pump. I was supposed to be illustrating a children's book I hated. I eventually finished it but it took months and I still don't like looking at it. Talking to Seth was hell. I needed help and relief and so did he and we had none to give. We would be snappy and miserable at each other. So I stopped talking to him. My boyfriend was the only thing that got me through it. I talked to him a ridiculous amount. I was nocturnal to avoid a large portion of everyone's unending stress, and talked to him while I tried to work. He loved me then, dearly. He got so much attention and we would spend hours and hours talking and roleplaying and just being together. It was unrealistic. 

Then my husband would make the hour long commute to our apartment from work on fridays, then the three hour commute to his parents to get there around 11pm. He would be tired and angry and snappy. He didn't want to look at the baby. We would almost always fight. He was miserable and I was miserable and he was jealous. He didn't have his girlfriend anymore. It was the ugliest time in our relationship. It was the ugliest time in my life, except for now I think. 

Eventually he quit the hell job and we immediately moved in with my parents because living with his was hell on earth. My boyfriend didn't manage well. Suddenly that constant attention was pulled. I couldn't be on calls much at all. I had less childcare and I was severely depressed. My husband jealously tried to keep me away from the computer too, after I had abandoned him for my boyfriend those six months. It was rocky. For awhile my boyfriend railed against it, fought to have me back like we were before. Even if my husband hadn't be jealous, that could never happen. Not without leaving my husband, and through it all I didn't want to. I still loved him. He couldn't ask me to, but I know my boyfriend wished I would. Its a natural selfish thing we all do. I'd been unfair and told him things I shouldn't have, told him when I was hurt and when I was angry with my husband. It wasn't business to share. I'd planted strife between them. 

I'd always held this naive belief that my boyfriend would love me forever. He'd pulled away, gotten a lot more quiet. He didn't respond to everything I said anymore, instead I'd be writing pages to myself. That was around two years in. My husband got a job a new job in Pittsburgh. We moved for the fifth time in the 2.5 years I'd known my boyfriend. We got an apartment. I wanted to fly him up but money was tight from all the moving and we were behind on everything. Also having a 1.5 yr old toddler was tough, and my relationship was still strained with my husband. My boyfriend was around probably out of the same lonliness I was suffering from. We were making plans to meet. 

Then I found out I was pregnant again. A failed IUD that had been put in incorrectly. Who knows if I'd been unprotected for a year or if it had moved somehow, I'll never know. It was dangerous. They tried to get me to abort immediately just to be safe but I refused. I had to be monitored for a month to make sure I wasn't in danger of ectopic pregnancy. Once I was out of danger my boyfriend became cynical and distant. He was sneaking around on Second Life with random people, e-clubs. He still played games with me, and playing some Warhammer roleplaying games with him and friends revived it a bit. I tried to fly him up but became violently ill with morning sickness and he cancelled the flight when I said I couldn't do it. I'm pretty sure that was the moment it was really over. 

The pregnancy was miserable. My husband doesn't do well with small children at all. Baby cries make him panic and respond unreasonably, and he constantly talked about how awful it would be to have a baby and a toddler together. Even though I talked throughout the day every single day, my boyfriend was also distant and uncaring. He'd offhandedly mentioned meeting a girl but her husband had been so jealous it only lasted a couple of days.

I wasn't carrying a baby it seemed, I was carrying a nuclear bomb. It was a long, lonely, miserable pregnancy. I cried so much. When the baby finally came I had to have another cesarean, this time because I'd been sitting in a shitty broken chair for years that screwed up the alignment of my pelvis. It was my fault. 

You can't have a trip with a new baby. You can't have your boyfriend up when your body is shitty and you're breastfeeding. While family is constantly in and out. While my life was hell. At least I'd thought so. I should've just let him in. I'm practical to a fault, but I don't think he was even that interested at that point. We still talked every day. We played games together. I tried to make it through my lonely stressful life. I held onto him, and he was sort of there, but I railed against the distance that was so plain. 

Finally, we made plans. The baby was finally old enough to stay away for a few days. We would get together at Anthrocon in Pittsburgh where we live. My husband's girlfriend would come up to meet him too, a girl he wasn't much into anymore either, but wanted to give a chance. Just weeks before the trip, my boyfriend had a heart attack.

It was the true end, because when he wrote about it on his FA, and that girl from before attached herself to him. He began talking to her constantly, more than me. Roleplaying with her, doing all the things he did with me when our relationship had been new. She was married too. She just didn't have children. 

He talked to her for months. She began posting pictures of their characters fucking. She told me to my e-face that "it wasn't like that" and she "respected my relationship", meanwhile she wrote all over her tumblr about her new "boyfriend." 

I'd postponed the trip to October for him to heal. It was for two weeks. It was pleasant but he was distant, and had issues making love to me. He spent a lot of time on his phone. The second week my husband's girlfriend came up, and there was trick or treat and I took the kids to zoo boo and a hallow/birthday party for my boyfriend and a friend of mine. It was chaotic and my husband had a breakdown because he didn't know how to deal with the jealousy but felt too guilty to leave his girlfriend for long enough to get comfort for me. We had a fight where we had to talk it out. It was awkward. 

The rest of the trip was ok but, the second week was stressful and messy. I'd made a bad choice in timing and by adding the girlfriend. It was too much. 

At Christmas I found out that they were together. She posted pictures of her and her husband and him all nude in their furry forms cuddling together. I got very upset. Then I got dumped. I cried, I was told at first that I had been chosen. The pictures came down. We got each other Christmas gifts. 

Then they all reappeared. And he chose her. I spiraled. It was the worst Christmas of my life. I spent hours on the phone with him. The first few times were sweet and caring. Eventually he couldn't keep the facade up anymore. 

He plastered her on his profile immediately. 

I cut myself. Five stripes to numb the drowning feeling. At some point before then I'd figured out that a clean razor stored in a sterile bottle would cut cleanly enough to give me a dose of adrenaline that would numb an episode of drowning. It wouldn't make me feel good, but it would get my head above water until I just existed in a cold, lonely world instead of drowning in a chaotic whirlpool of hurt. 

I took a break from the computer. Stopped taking commissions and withdrew to try to get through the holiday. I bought a bunch of games on steam and spent a lot of time playing them with my husband. He was happy to "have me back" and since I wasn't outwardly being miserable he assumed I was all better. 

A month of back and fourth with my boyfriend, still trying to play games together but his platitudes wearing thin and his promises falling through again and again. Then she posts about how he had visited her. In November. Immediately after seeing me. 

I'd been cheated on in the flesh. 

I found out about a week and a half ago. I called him. I cried a little, but I was mostly numb. He didn't sound very sorry about it. I told him if he wanted me around he would have to talk to me. He said he would. He barely tried. 

I cut again. Four stripes to breathe. 

Then a few days later he leaves to go see her. He's at her house right now. Fucking her. I was stupid, I kept looking at his profile on FA. As long as things weren't being posted maybe it was going badly. Then the flood of blissfully happy images appeared. He knew I was following him, so even if I hadn't been checking, they all flooded my feed. I doubt I even crossed his mind when he did it.

Imagine if someone got a divorce, then a month later when his ex found out she'd been cheated on he starts plastering his facebook with images of him and his new gf together. 

It was the final blow. I've never felt so ugly, so fat, so useless in my life, or so alone. My artwork is constantly surpassed by others and its my own fault for not spending more time on it. The time I do spend is away from my children. My house is a shitpile because I don't clean. 

When he posted all that I went upstairs upset and sad. I was angry and tired. I told him what happened and he scolded me for looking at his profile. I snapped. I told him to say loving words or to shut the fuck up. He didn't like it, he kept shoving his advice down my throat and I got more and more hysterical. I ran downstairs. I've threatened suicide so many times in my hysteria during our echo-chamber fights, he didn't even follow. Then I slammed the silverware drawer and he angrily yelled down at me and ran downstairs. I told him to fuck off. He tore into me verbally, I tore back. We worked each other up until I was done. I was betrayed and heartfucked by one asshole and would be spending a life with the other who would never ever be able to lick my wounds, to actually care. Just fucking correct until I gave in. 

I ran for the door. I was naked. I tried to get it open but he stopped me. I ran for the other. He stopped me again. I ran a third time and got it halfway open, he overpowered me and wrestled me to the floor while I screamed and screamed. He held me down until I gave up. 

I should've gone to the hospital but I didn't. 

He stayed home the next day to make sure I wouldn't do anything. 

I asked my ex to call me, he said he would then he didn't. 

I'm not worth it. I'm not worth bothering with. I'm not worth figuring out what I need because why bother on a fat waste of air.

I'm so. sad. 

Sorry for the life story. It doesn't really tell that my husband is a good person, that my boyfriend was too... He said so many sweet things... but his actions do a lot to prove how false they were. That my kids are smart and beautiful but extremely stressful.

Some days I don't know how to keep going. The house is getting steadily more disgusting. I'm getting snappy at the kids because I want to do nothing but sleep, but I don't get the option. 

Its too hard.