Fuck life, all my homies hate life.I'm only 13. I'm so young. Why do I want to die so fucking much? 

I don't feel sad... just empty. I tried to seek happiness by following God, but I simply don't have the faith. It just doesn't make sense to me. I can't be religious, and it makes me so damn angry. I fail at everything. 

My family and friends think I'm recovering, but I'm not. I don't want to ask for help because I know my ass would end up back in inpatient faster than you can say "suicide". Same goes with getting cuts stitched, so I just leave them open. I don't care about infection. Hopefully it'll fucking kill me someday.

The only reason I'm alive is because of my boyfriend. He's mentally unstable as well, and I know that if I killed myself, he would too.

My sister tricked me into drinking alcohol about two weeks ago. Not drinking is a promise I made to myself, since my dad was a alcoholic, and I don't want to be anything like him. But she promised me it wasn't... but it fucking was. I broke the one damn promise I've ever truly meant. I feel worthless.

I'm isolating myself. I've pushed away my former best friend, and I'm not making any efforts to rebuild our relationship. 

I'm going to be alone tomorrow. I'm planning to go to the store and buy (or steal, who fucking cares anyways? I'm already a sack of shit; why not do more shit?) some blades. And I'm going to end it all. 

But I doubt I'll go through with it. I'll feel like I'll basically be murdering my boyfriend, and he's the only person who actually gives a fuck about me. Besides, blades only have a 6% chance of working. But why would it hurt to try? I know it would destroy both mine and my boyfriends family. I don't want to be responsible for that. 

And adding on that, I don't want my dad to come home and see me bleeding out on the damn bathroom floor. He's already had to take me to the ER multiple times. I don't want him to have to go through that, especially right after fathers day.

I just want to leave this earth, with nobody remembering me, so nobody would be sad. Shit, I just want to die. Somehow.