Am I or am I not suicidal?I think about suicide a lot. Not necessarily doing it though, just suicide in general. I think about ways of doing it. I think about what it would be like if I did. I think about how common and easy it would be. I don't sit here and tell myself I'm going to do it though.

About me: I'm 19. I've graduated highschool in 2016 with grades above average. Hated school. Still do, I haven't started college yet. Instead I've been working for 10 months at a nearby retail store. I live with my grandparents, so I have no bills to pay. I've just been saving up money. I'm blessed I should say. My dad works nearly nonstop. My mom died when I was 4. What I do when I'm not working, is working on music. I've been making alternative/electronic music since the age of 15 and right now I'm working towards having my debut studio album released. It's not happening anytime soon though. My dad and I are trying to build a studio at his house, but due to how much he works, and how much it costs to redo an entire room from the bone, all I can do is continue to write material for it and expand on arranging the songs. 

Anyways, back to my issue.  I'm not depressed, I don't think anyways. I'm not sad, nothing is bothering me, nobody is abusing me. I simply think about suicide a lot, and not on purpose. I don't know if it's a subconscious thing and I'm soaking up toxicity from something or if I'm just interested in death. I tend to make jokes a lot. Not jokes about suicide but jokes about me, personally, myself, committing suicide. For example just recently at work my coworker was flipping a coin, and he accidentally let it go to the ground and before he could check it I quickly said "If it's heads I go to the break room and kill myself!" and he shot me a shocked/concerned look. I wonder why... But anyways as soon as I said that even I was like wow did I really just say that? 4 times now I've received either the suicide prevention lifeline number from my friends or simply them reaching out and offering support if I need it.

I'm kind of concerned that this is only going to get worse, and during yet another time I'm staring at my bottle or aspirin or the bottle of bleach I have on my windowsill above my bed, thinking about how "I could do it right now if I wanted to." that I really am just going to do it, and like the jokes I make, be surprised that I did it and regret it (Assuming its something that's not instant). I am a huge mess, but I know I have the capability to become a much better person. Would it be worth it if I did though? Would a haircut, a shave, a shower, a new set of clothes, a new attitude and a new work ethic have any impact on this at all? I don't know I'm just rambling now so I'm gonna stop here. What do I do? I feel as if there's some kind of demon or other thing that's controlling my mind. I don't WANT to kill myself but I'm talking, thinking, and acting like I do and I don't know why.


**TL;DR** - I'm not depressed, stressed, or angered by anything yet I think about suicide in general quite often. I don't know why I do, and I'm concerned for my own being.

