How can I let go?I don't know how to word this. Short version: home is abusive in every way you can think of except for \(physically\)  sexual, and I have no escape. I told myself I'll wait and see how my birthday goes, But I'm afraid even then I won't do it. How can I stop feeling sad when I think about dying?

Long version: I just graduated, and I'm back home. I have some job applications open, but I didn't get the best fit, so who knows how the rest will go. 

School honestly was just a way to put things off. I'm too tired to explain it all, but home has always been like this, and school was terrible too. I've gotten every kind of bullying there is, except maybe having my locker booby trapped, and some creative ones people haven't heard of usually. Now, I'm no narcissist. I'm not here to say 'woe is me'. If everyone at school disliked me, it's my fault, yeah? I'm ugly and annoying. My parents \*are\* terrible \(for different reasons for mom and dad\), that one I know even if it took me all the way until college to realize. They hit me, choke me, throw away or sell my things, tell me I'm not human/having me ruined \(mom's\) life, threaten to kill me, threaten to throw me out, threaten to leave, all that and more. Mom is around the most, and the most unpredictable. Her emotions can change on a dime no matter how hard I try \(And it's been many hard years of killing myself trying\).

But that's the other point. At least school was away from them, and even if people didn't really love me, at least I saw people in classes even if I don't have close friends. But I've been feeling like this for years and years, and now school is over, and I have nothing.

I'm so hopeless at making social connections that I couldn't even get a school therapist to help me. I went in secret, because my parents would be absolutely furious, and the first lady was nice, but I couldn't see her often and then she got sick and left, and they sent me to someone else after like a month, then someone else. One intro session didn't do anything, and the last lady did nothing but say how once I graduate I'm not their problem and I need to find someone in the community. She didn't listen that that's impossible.

My hand\-me\-down car just broke down, and my parents just installed 'security cameras'. I can't leave. In a panic, I tried to make someone realize what would happen if I went back, but of course I'm no one's responsibility, so I'm back now.

I have no way out. I know that if I want to get out now, it'll take more work than I've ever worked before. At this point, if I want to escape, I'd need somewhere to go, a job. But I don't have a job, and I don't have a way to get to one, and I don't have friends or family to stay with. I went to therapy this winter because I felt like I couldn't go on, and it never got better.  No one can help me. No one owes me anything. I have to stand on my own, I know, but I'm just too tired. I can barely type this, and I don't know if it makes any sense.

I'm not trying to be selfish, I know it's no one's job to help me. But being so alone hurts. My roommate moved out suddenly without even a word. I was clean, and hopefully a good roommate, but I guess we weren't as close as I thought, because now she's gone. I have a sister, but she's moving away in a month with her new boyfriend.

I want things to be nice. I want to be safe, to have someone be nice to me and not be constantly struggling and failing to appease them. I wanted to make friends like I saw people doing, and to maybe have someone ask me to hang out or have someone say goodbye and that they'll miss me. I wanted one of the counselors to say something nice, anything, but all I got once the first lady left for like 2 whole months was generic statements of how once I graduate I'm not their responsibility, call 911 if you're going to hurt yourself. Of course I'm not going to call 911. How stupid do they think I am? The only thing that could be worse than this would be ending up in a hospital \(and then eventually having to face my family who now have had to pay for that AND know I went\). 

I know things will only get worse from here,  but i still feel sad about my plans to end it. I still dream of a nice life, of having gone out with friends, maybe having a boyfriend and then a family, one that isn't a mistake and that I don't fear. Even really crazy stuff, like a spouse that would actually really never hit me or even yell at me. But it's just a dream. I've failed, and no one is going to help me. How do I let go?

Note: I know these posts always have the 1st comment be "How about you DON'T die tho! :33333 Call the suicide hotline!! :3333 That'll fix it! :333 Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem :333" But please don't. It's not a temporary problem. It's my whole life. I don't have the energy to even deal with this anymore, much less the energy to fight to escape. And I didn't make a single friend who can help me. The problem is me. My parents are just cruel people who accidentally had a child. It was a mistake. I just need the strength to fix it.