I just want to end everything. I think I had enough suffering for 6 years. I don't what to do with my lifeAll my life i have been mistreated by others. I have always been called ugly, laughed at it, given dirty looks and outcast. I really cannot take this pain anymore. I am now a 21 year old woman so any hope of me looking better is out the window. I dropped out of college because of depression and anxiety. It was really was an awful experience, had some people tried to give me a tough time because they didnt like me and thought i was ugly. I have been depressed for at least 6 years, it started because of bullying and now i feel disgusted and ashamed to show my face to anyone because of being put down so much. After i dropped out, i have been staying home for two years, barely going outside. I feel so terrible and guilty for doing nothing and my mom seeing this me way. Every time i go outside i feel so scared and i am scared people will insult me again. My mother is begging me to go back to college and to at least to do a little bit of it.

I feel so terrible but there is no way i am going to well in college feeling so miserable and anxious because of my apperance. i mean i wear sunglasses everywhere i go and try to hide my face as much as possible, so i wont get disgusted stares or comments. I also messed up a chance to get a job for the same reason. The thought of me walking in the halls, presentations, group work, the possiblity of being teased and called ugly again all over again is so terrifying and feels my heart with a sharp pain. I also have a problem concentrating in a classroom, i cannot focus on a lesson properly around people, i always seem to have them in side view vision and they notice it and get uncomfortable. I much would rather do online schooling but my mom is against that, so now i am just panicking.

I have been to therapy and to a psychatrist and none of that has helped me. I am thinking of trying again, but then thinking whats the point since it probably wont help. I dont see any point into anything. I dont know anymore i just want to kill myself and end this torture already.
