This is not a call for attention, so if you feel like fucking with someone, go somewhere elseHey everyone, or everyone reading this bullshit,
I’m currently 17, and I don’t feel like living anymore. I fuck up my family’s life. They feel like I’m a huge failure. I know they do. Since secondary school, my grades are worthless. Since secondary school, I have very small social life. I feel like dead weight to everyone. I ran away from home twice, and both times I had to come back because I had no money and I was too young to be outside “legally”. I live under the same roof with my parents, and I never see my father(I don’t like him so I don’t care, it was just to give you a picture of my situation).  I tried ending it all a twice, I would never go through with it because I’m too much of a bitch to endure the physical pain it brings. I genuinely don’t give a fuck about what the family thinks about me, I despise them as much as they despise me. No one actually likes me. And guess what, it’s not because I’m fucking ugly, I actually like how I am. Sometimes, I would think about myself just walking down a road and getting shot in the back of the head without knowing it, I hope it happens. 

My father told me:”What has he done to god(which he doesn’t even believe in) to have such a shitty kid.” Back when we still talked he reminded me everyday of the failure I am,  compares to cousins that went to oxford or some other elite university, tells everyone in the family what kind of bullshit person I became. He also called me names but I don’t care about that. Fuck him and his entire line of ancestors. If we were still in a time where killers got off easily, he would be fucking dead. No one cares, the rest of my family either tell him to get rid of me or do nothing.
My mother, who is with my father for cash, told me to stop my bullshit if not she would not take care of me and let him kick me out(I was like 14-15). 
Honestly, if I couldn’t feel the pain I probably would not be writing this now, I’d probably be dead somewhere no one can find and be declared a missing person, or something like that.

What else do I have to say..? I don’t even know myself, I just know that Assisted Suicide is legal some places.
 Thanks or whatever it is I have to say..