The struggle and the painWhat a stupid fucking bunch of animals we are. Cursed and plagued by our thoughts. Why can't we just eat and fuck and be happy like every other species? 

I'm past the mid of my natural life. I was always told it would get better, but it never did. I was afraid to have kids, because I thought I would be a fuck up as a father and fail. I had them anyway because I thought I was in love. I was a fuck up and failed at fatherhood. My kids are a mess. 

I should be working my ass of right now. I'm supposed to move in a week. My house looks like something out of hoarders. I can't get out of bed. Jesus, it feels like an elephant is on top of me. 

I thought my wife loved me; turns out she just loved my money. Now it's gone and she's only around because it's easier to live paycheck to paycheck off me than get a real job and support herself. 

My body is breaking down, I'm in constant pain. I can barely walk some days. 

My mind is a blur, my thoughts are smeared. I can't concentrate. The depression robbed me of my intellect. 

My job is crushing me. Constantly barraged with new demands, I can't keep up. I work 14 hours and come home and there's nothing left. I'm a shell, I curl up and want to be gone. I pray every night to a God I don't believe in that I don't wake up. I think about ways to do it so it looks natural or accidental. 

Months ago I bought tickets to a few concerts. One was a couple nights ago. I didn't go. 

Another is tonight. I know I won't go to it. 

I spent thousands of dollars on a family vacation a few weeks ago. I thought if I could find some small joy it would give me something to cling on to. Everyone acted horrible. Completely detestable. I'm including myself. 

I have lost all hope. I can find no joy, all that is left is pain and suffering. Why should I keep up the struggle, knowing that it will only get worse as time goes on, knowing that it will end the same way anyway? The only difference is I will be more decrepit, and have suffered more. And that is the good option? 

I've done my bit. I want no more part of this stupid place, tainted as it is by apes run amok. I wish to end myself, but more than that, I wish humanity never came to be. I look at all man has done, and for every act of beauty there are a million corpses. For every work of art there is a forest burned, or a mountain strip-mined. 

We are a parasite, killing this world. We haven driven ourselves mad by escaping the natural order, and it is time for us to go. 
