what should i do?Long story short: I'm facing a potential conviction for a felony sex offense that would require registration as a sex offender. It's a statutory offense because the alleged victim was 17 and my job at the time causes the typical age of consent (16 here) to become 18. Anyhow, it's totally a he-said she-said thing with no proof for or against me. However, the prosecution simply will not drop the case.

It is very likely because no alleged violence, drugs, or coercion were even implicated by the alleged victim that I will receive an offer of probation. However, that requires registration as a sex offender and even though I would likely be assessed at the lowest level, I'd still have to register with law enforcement and my roommate would have to know (ironically enough he works in law enforcement). I've already been told by my supervisor at work that I'd be terminated if I plead or am found guilty.

I know I am not a sexual deviant and would never harm anyone. (The alleged victim claims the event was consensual, but under the statutory rules it's not an affirmative defense, which is legalese for you can't use that to defend yourself.)

I just don't know what to do. I don't want to face having to decide for certain that my life will be fucked by becoming a felon/sex offender. I'll never be able to have a real job again (my degree is professional in nature, which I'd never be able to use). I'll never be able to get out of indebtedness from my college loans because I'll be relegated to minimum wage jobs. Once it's known to the community where I live (it's a small town so people will find out), I'll be an outcast. I will likely never be able to marry and have a family. In short, I'll be "free" in that I won't be in prison, but I'll be forever alone, literally.

If I fight it and win, of course all is well. I think I have at least a 50-50 chance of this, but due to current media situation about things like this I don't think that's a good idea. And if I lose the prison sentence would be from 6-60 years, so it's likely I'd go for a long time. Again, game over.

It's just getting to the point where I want to die. In fact, when I posted about this here when I was initially charged last year people basically told me to go kill myself anyhow. I think about suicide every day. I'm trying to formulate a plan and get my things in order. I really don't want to die, but it's just so hard. I never thought I'd be in a position like this. I am not socially awkward, and I've never really been in trouble. I've done well in school and at all of my jobs. But this is entirely out of my control and I don't know what to do.

I want to live, but the life offered to me even on probation as a sex offender doesn't seem like a life worth living. I see on tv what people say about people convicted of these crimes, even if they know nothing about the circumstances. I don't want to live my life without the possibility of marriage and a family. I want to live, but I don't want to just be alive. 

It seems like this is a no-win situation. The only way out would be if the charges get dismissed. Another judge and prosecutor I know have said in their jurisdiction these allegations would not be prosecuted, but apparently that's not the case here. My lawyer has told me they are in serious negotiations so I'll have to make a decision soon. It's the more permanent decision I'm also facing that no one knows about that I need real guidance on.

Feel free to tell me I'm what's wrong with the world and go-fuck-yourself etc. I don't know that anyone can give me any real advice. Honestly if it weren't for not wanting to hurt my family and friends and cause them grief I wouldn't even be debating this.