Back to square one againThis is going to be a mess as i just need to say a ton of stuff. I feel like I've been riding an emotional Rollercoaster lately. Yesterday and today, especially today, have been really rough. So my girlfriend and I have decided to just be good friends since we're going to be going to different colleges which I agree with. We're still going to hang out and talk daily but it still sucks. I thought I was going to be done with depression for a while but I guess not. It's my senior year of high school and I have 3 weeks left. Why am I sad? I have no reason to be. Aside from the whole situation with my girlfriend everything is going pretty good, yet here we are again. The idea of the future seems so abstract to me. Everything seems so far away. Yes I have lots to look forward and I am looking forward to lots of things but I still find myself upset. I hate the way that I think. I give myself so much anxiety when I think about certain things such as the way that time passes. It's a hard thing to put into words but I think it all boils down to your seconds are constantly ticking away, you only have a finite amount of time here and you only get one chance. Not knowing what comes after death scares me too. I guess I would consider myself agnostic but what if I'm wrong? Sometimes the world just doesn't feel real to me. A week or two ago I just felt like my body was on autopilot and I was living in the matrix and the world wasn't real. I guess depersonalization/dissasociation is/are maybe the word(s) for it? I'd really just like to feel happy and like myself again but I've got so much going on and so much to worry about. With all of these things it just seems like life can sometimes be just a huge burden and such a hassle. I mean before you're born you have nothing and after you die you have nothing so is life really meaningful? I feel so insignificant sometimes. I'm sorry that this was a mess but it definately mirrors what's been going on in my head. It did make me feel better to get this all out.