First and last post under this usernameIt’s time for me to say goodbye. I don’t recall the last time I had a modicum of desire to live or get help to live. I’ve seen multiple therapists, many who said I was too fudged up for them to see and referred me out. I’ve tried what feels like every antidepressant out there. I’m not close to my family, who publicly shamed me about my depression and suicidal tendencies. I’ve lashed out at and pushed away any and all friends. I have no romantic relationship. I live on my own. If I were to have some breaking news to share, I literally would have no one to call or text. I’m $350-400K+ in debt from student loans. I’ve failed to get into the one career I was relatively excited to get into x3. I don’t have a job lined up and my contract with the current one ends soon. I don’t know where I will live. The one last confidant I had told me we shouldn’t talk anymore (understandable given how toxic I am) and proceeded to share everything with his girlfriend who I have never met and told me to call 911 (not understandable and imo, a breach of my trust in him). I’ve been dealing with crippling depression and have had to choose between that versus binging and purging a minimum of 10 times a day (thanks eating disorder). The first and most likely only way I’ll be found will be due to the stench of my corpse. Thankfully, the coronavirus lockdown is facilitating my death. I sincerely hope I don’t wake up tomorrow. If in the most unfortunate event I do, I’ll have a decision to make. 

I’ve been told to get help and to commit myself. The issue is that it requires me to actually give a crap and *want* to continue living and *want* to get better. I honestly, genuinely have no idea what that even feels like and don’t care for it. I’m beyond saving because I didn’t want or care to be saved. I’ve been guilt tripped into living, and FYI - never do that because for someone like me, continuing to live is excruciating enough without being guilt tripped or blackmailed. I have no desire to live or get better. I haven’t for years. I’ve been a mindless meat suit with little to no integration into or contribution to society for the past 5+ years. 

I’ve already sent out packages and letters to people who were important to me but left. I know my death will hurt my immediate family but I literally have no one else in my life that would odd me or even know I’m gone. I’m selfish and I’ve been so detached from everyone that frankly, I don’t care and when I’m dead, I definitely won’t care. 

Good luck and best of wishes to everyone on here. I’ve seen a lot of posts expressing a will to live and that is a wonderful desire to have. I truly hope that you can find and get the help you need by whatever means. You *are* important and you are your strongest advocate. Please take care of yourselves. You do you. ❤️