IntroductionThis post isn't a cry for help. I'm not looking to end my life right this minute, but I have been depressed and suicidal to varying degrees for over 20 years. So I guess I see this as a place I might frequent now and then, so I thought it's get a little of my story out there.

My first suicidal thoughts were at 14. I'd been depressed years before then, just never put much thought into suicide. In junior high one of my teammates committed suicide and it opened my eyes. I knew how he must have felt, I felt it too, and it was the ultimate solution. It wasn't just thoughts, I had a plan. For the rest of junior high and high school I kept my hunting rifle and the single bullet I would end myself with in my room. I spent a lot of time thinking about when and where. Sitting up at night loading and unloading the gun, testing out way I could hold a rifle to get the job done, and what would be down range of me if I did it (gun safety you know, wouldn't want to hurt others).

I know that people say no matter how bad, don't do it. That no matter how low you are, life can get better, you don't know what the future holds. Well no, you don't know what the future holds. That's supposed to give hope to people and help them hang on, the problem is the future isn't always bright. It can be worse.

I thought my life was turning around by the end of high school, I thought I had made it through those dark time. Things were looking up, but the years of depression had already lead me down a dark path that all came to a head and brought it all crashing down. 

They say life can get better if you put in the effort and work to improve yourself and your situation. I've done that for the last 15 years. I've gutted it out, put my best forward, changed myself for the better. I've put more effort into improving my life and showing it to others than I ever thought I had in me, but none of it matters. Someone with power over me will always be there to hold me down and put me back in my place.

Sure there are some few people that care for me and love me, but it's not enough. Society in general hates me, friends have left me. No matter what I do, I will never reach the potential I had in life and it's killing me inside.

These last 6 months of my life have been the hardest yet. The courts struck me down. They don't want to see what I've done with my life, just that they have power over me and won't let go (yeah this has no context and makes no sense to you but trust me). My job is decent, but it's a dead end I can't ever see escaping and the stress there is piling up to unbearable levels lately. My wife loves me, but our family life has been nothing but constant stress. We've done all we can to fix it, but there doesn't seem to be much hope. There's no where I can go to escape the low life has become, no options left unexplored to make things better. My life is what it is and will me for many years, I can choose to accept it and tough it out or end it.

I'm smart enough to know what's wrong with me, smart enough to know what options I have, and smart enough to know my life is crap and in many ways will continue to be. Sometimes I wish I could just not understand so much, be blissfully unaware and happy.

I no longer have that rifle and bullet. If I did I'm sure I'd be gone by now, all it would take is one rash decision. I do have a plan to end my life, just no timetable. It would take a day or so of preparation that I purposely haven't done, that's my safety net. If I do end my life it'll be because I thought it through and thought it was right for the time it would take me to prepare. No, there will no warning, never be a post here saying I've set a time/date, I'm not out for attention. It just will or won't happen.

I'll probably be posting on here in other threads. I'm not anti-suicide, but I think it should be a very last resort. I hope mods can accept that I won't always be posting happy replies, trying to cheer people up and giving false hope. I'm honest with myself and others, sometimes honesty isn't pretty. But if I think you're situation can get better, I'm going to tell you that too.

I'm 20+ years down the road from my initial thoughts of suicide, things didn't turn around for me as everyone says. I've hurt many people around me along the way. I'll be honest, if I could talk to my 14 year old self I wouldn't say hang on things can get better. I'd tell my self there isn't much to look forward to, save myself and others the hurt of the next 20 years and just do it.