It's just so difficult making friends anymoreI haven't had a friend in so long. I have chit chats with some people, but end up being left on read or unopened mostly. I miss the days where I didn't have to rely on the internet for socializing. It's not even regarding covid-19, just in general it's always been hard. I miss when in elementary school you were tossed into a table of kids on the first day and you just would either click or not get along. I used to be the one to confront people, invite them to my lunch table to feel included if they sat alone, would be the one to pick up slack of other group members and contributed greatly to clubs in high school. And yet... I have no one. All that kindness I meant from my heart without expecting anything, had come back to haunt me as to, why do I even try anymore? Why am I trying to be a good person on a daily basis? Why do I hold doors open, thank people, apologize? Why should I care? No one's ever nice to me, what do I gain from it? I did it as a courtesy and manners, not for fuel for my ego. I'm dirt poor, no one cares about a roach like me being nice. 
I'm a real pushover and doormat, I only am because I always lose everyone eventually and it's not even something I feel I'm doing wrong. How many times does it have to happen though where someone can just consistently be a friend? A lot of people I had were self-absorbed, only ever cared talking about themselves and never had interest in what was going on in my life. I can say I have one friend on Reddit and I'm going to try my best to keep them around, but I can't say I had one friend that was real on Facebook or Snapchat. I don't make content or post pictures, but if anyone cared to see what was going on I have so much to share, like my cooking, art, photography, stories. I don't want to join oversaturated communities like Reddit has, and just get lost among the new posts to have a few upvotes. I actually just need a friend that wants a friend too, not just someone to fill their void for several days until the next new thing rolls around. 
Like.. People in their 40s and above have friends that seem to be lasting a lifetime. I'm only 24 and I haven't had one friend longer than a few years because.. Well, life. I just don't know what I'm doing wrong, and I feel if I had a friend I wouldn't be having suicidal ideations. It's no one's obligation, but already having stress with how the US is right now I'd think someone else also is seeking a sort of friend. I just don't understand, why all the friends I've had dissolved.
I don't know what my point is right now, I'm venting to nothingness to people who will scroll past because tldr. No one here on Reddit would ever know if I died, nor would they care. They won't be there at my funeral, they won't wonder if I actually killed myself tonight or not, I'm just another wall of text. I'm also a human being, a mother, an artist that is critical of myself, a fan of history and knowledge among other things, but no one cares. Not one single soul in the world cares. Besides human nature and instinct, nothing is keeping me from killing myself. I don't care what happens after I die, I personally feel nothing does happen anymore, after years of devout belief that there was a heaven and hell. I can't even say my child is stopping me, he's a baby still and would just get put onto his father, probably would grow up a creep and failure like him too just to ravage the world and destroy as we humans have tendency to do. I'll always be a doormat, especially to my own brain. I really want to die, please let me relieve myself. Everyone else is selfish, I should be too for once in my pathetic life.