I want to... but I can'tThrowaway to keep people off my back.

A number of years ago, back in middle school, I began to become comfortable with the fact that I am gay. For many years prior, I regressed the feelings, thinking it wasn't okay to think like that or that I was fucked up for thinking about things like that. But a friend that was openly gay to me helped me, and ultimately made me accept my homosexuality. He later went on to be my boyfriend.. for a short time.

This relationship happened behind closed doors. I didn't want my parents or family/friends knowing, so it was mostly online or me going over to his house to hang out with him. People were none the wiser. My sister one day decided to read my messages between him, and told my parents.

They tried to send me to anti-gay therapy. They wanted me to have a "normal relationship" and be able to live a "normal life". But I refuted all that, and got them to believe I was straight and that it all was nothing. I wasn't ready for them to know, and I probably never will be now based on how they reacted. As a safe measure, they took away any form of technology for 4 months to keep me from contacting my boyfriend- our relationship crumbled. My trust of parents: gone, trust of siblings: gone. 

Fast forward now: high school. My father's alcohol addiction now gets worse, and we become more and more distant. Two of my older siblings are out of the house, leaving me with my one older sister who snitched on me back in 8th grade, my father, and my mother. My father's new business starts to take off very well, so even though it wasn't an issue before, it will never be an issue now. 

That money though, feeds my father's addiction. Running a business causes him to be half a bottle deep by the time I get home from school. If he runs out, fuck it! He buys more because he can. Vodka, beer, wine- anything. And that money is his and only his.

My mother begins to struggle with credit card debt, while my father walks around waiting to cash checks for hundreds of thousands of dollars. He won't share any of it- he won't help out his wife, his family, or anyone. The stress and tension builds between my parents and my mother begins to slip into her alcoholic past which she claims to have abandoned. Why can't I try your drink mom? Because you fucking spiked it and don't want me to know.

Fast forward again, junior year and present time now. I have my license and a car, I am the only one home. My dad is away 90% of the time, and my mom is rarely around as she has picked up a job to make ends meet. I don't want anything to do with my mother or father, so I turn to school. My grades are fine, taking honors and AP courses while maintaining A or B averages. It is my only escape from them. I refine my independent research of computer programming and computer hardware engineering. Maybe that's why I spend "all my time on that damn computer dad."

They wonder why I rarely talk to them. I have no relationship with my father, he barely knows what I study. I try to help my dad with chores, but they are never up to his standard. There is always something wrong with the work I do. I'm sorry dad, but if you want it done don't get drunk and do it yourself next time. My mother doesn't try anything, as she knows I am grown past the point of no return. The chances for making up are over, I am leaving soon and they just now realize. They try to involve themselves in my life, but it is no use. I have picked up mountain biking heavily, and my father tries to come along with me. He is too out of shape. Maybe if you put down the fucking bottle and cigarettes you could keep up.

I have now fallen for my straight best friend. I still remain in the closet about my sexuality, still unable to trust any friends, family, or adult at school. 

Finals are just around the corner. I am so fucked in the head that want to do it... but I will never be able to. The firing pin was bent, or the bullet was a dud. Either way, someone else must release me from this hell.