I'm afraid of myself. I've had bouts with depression and suicidal thoughts since I was about 15, but something or someone has always brought me back from the edge. I'm 27 now and I feel like I'm completely alone and hopeless. 

I don't know how to explain why I feel this way without explaining how I got here, and honestly I'd like to vent my tragedy to someone, so here goes.

Rewind 5 years and I was really happy. I was engaged to my high-school sweetheart, I had a good circle of friends, and a job that I really enjoyed going to everyday. The end of that year, my fiance left me for a friend of mine. Shortly afterwards, I was laid off at work. I poured my life savings into paying my bills, and borrowed a lot of money from family after that was gone to try to keep my home. I lost it anyway, and ended up moving back in with my parents. This was depressing on its own, but the worst of it was they lived several states away from where I had been working and living. I had to leave my entire circle of friends behind when I moved. I've never been a social butterfly, and am quite shy by nature. I stumbled into my relationship with these people mostly by luck, and it hurt a lot to walk away.

I spent about 6 months living with my parents, when things started to turn in my favor again. I got a job offer for a great job, and my ex fiance had apologized and wanted to try our relationship again. Perhaps it was a mistake to get back with her, but I still loved her.. so I did. The two of us ended up room-mating with a friend of mine. That worked out for about 2 years. I got laid off again, and my fiance left me again; only this time I felt I deserved it. I had been unemployed for awhile and was becoming increasingly reclusive.

I've been unemployed since then. I continued to scrape by on unemployment compensation for awhile, but that was cancelled after about 3 months. My roommate was a good friend to me, and took the weight of all bills onto himself for almost a year, with the trust that I would pay him back one day when I got back on my feet. When he finally couldn't keep it up, I moved back in with my parents.

That was a year ago, and I'm still here. Shut into a really small bedroom, paying for my food with food-stamps, and selling my blood and plasma to pay for absolute necessities. I'm poor, lonely, and ashamed that I'm living like a bum. I haven't been on a date in years. I don't have any friends left. I feel like I don't deserve those things anymore. 

My family has been as supportive as anyone could hope for, and more.. but they're not on stable footing financially and can't afford me staying here much longer. I feel obligated to pay them something, and the friend who basically loaned me over $10,000 by paying my half of the bills for a year is now in a very bad way himself. He knows I can't afford to help, and isnt pressuring me to, but that doesn't prevent me from feeling obligated to him, and ashamed of myself for failing.

In the last few months, I've been failing at coping well. I seem to go in cycles where I will sleep for 16+ hours per day for a few weeks, and then switch to being plagued with insomnia and sleep once every 2 days or so. I used to spend hours looking for work everyday, but I find myself with a lack of enthusiasm for anything at all, especially fishing for rejection. I force myself to look for work a few times a week, but I can't even force myself to get out of bed on some days. 

I desperately want something in my life I can be proud of, some way to feel "productive", yet I lack any sense of inspiration. I don't think I'm lazy, just beaten. I don't really feel sad; the only emotions I really have anymore are guilt, shame, and anger. 

I'm not sure I have the courage to actually end my own life, but I desperately truly want to be dead on most days. I pray to a god who I don't believe in every night that I won't wake up in the morning.I know if I took my own life it would destroy my mother and father, and those who care about me; and because of them I resolve myself to keep trying. I've been trying for three years though, and I'm afraid of how much longer I can keep this up.

I'm not about to kill myself today, and I guess I'm not suicidal.. but I know deep down that I'm at the end of my rope. If something doesn't change soon, I'm not going to be able to continue. I don't know what I'm asking for, or what anyone reading this can do to make me feel better about things, but I need help. 

Thanks for reading this whole thing, and I'm sorry for taking up so much of your time with a long winded post. 