I think I've hit rock bottom.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPfm30WEiPk

No, not like that one Spongebob episode. First, I wreck my car for $4,700 in damages and I can't really visit my friends. It was embarrassing as hell because my friends and people from school saw it and I held everyone from going to San Diego for a bit. Fuck, depression and social anxiety hinders me from hanging out with my friends. I don't even have many friends. I should be going out Saturday nights, but I'm either on ETI, GameFaqs, or here. It's pathetic. I spend my whole life on the computer either on the internet, watching TV, sleeping (with long, frequent naps) or playing video games.

Second, my mom caught me bringing marijuana to the car. That's the second time I got caught. I like it because it helps with depression and anxiety. I'd do a lot of things to not feel this shitty. My parents don't want me to get a medical card because they say it's too addictive and no self-respecting, high-end doctor will prescribe me it. I understand, I'm under their house and their rules. I can't hang out with my friend who was introducing me to one of his friends for the drugs. He also got in trouble and got kicked out of this youth center where they help you get a job. Sometimes I get so depressed I want to do self-harm or end it all. I don't cut myself, but I damn sure would like to if it meant being closer to death and if there was no excruciating pain.

Third, I failed my ONE summer class, history, because I can't concentrate or focus on homework. I asked for an amphetamine from my psychiatrist, but my mom told him about the bud ordeal so he's like "Nope, no drugs for you." I talked to no one in history class. There were 2 cute chicks, but I was way too shy to conversate with them. I heard one of them talking about Harry Potter which I really love, but I didn't join in the conversation. I talked to no one in that class and I regret it. I'm too damn shy and quiet. I was basically on my Droid all the time when there were breaks. I've got 1 and 1/2 Klonopin bottles and another bottle coming up. I'm thinking of taking them one day when I'm extremely, super depressed and overdose. I don't think I'm suicidal, just really depressed right now. My brother said it would be a selfish act if I killed myself and that my friends and family would miss me. I know they say it gets better later on. I sure hope so.

http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m41jhvb80N1ru37fwo1_400.jpg