It all seems pointless. Why should I do anything over doing nothing?I'm not about to kill myself, and I don't really have any interest in actively taking my own life, and I don't want to call myself a nihilist, but I guess that's kind of where I've ended up in a sense. I'm 18, I'm smart, I'm attractive, funny, athletic, and a pretty nice guy. I know that I could be incredibly successful at anything I set my mind to, I could become incredibly rich, or famous, I could achieve practically anything I set out to do, but I just don't see the point. Why? Why go to college and get a degree for a job and be able to afford fancy things? I have no interest in luxury cars, or huge houses. Why is that better then minimum wage and weekends filled with drugs? Why is anything I could choose to do anything more then advanced self perpetuated adult daycare to just fill the void of time between now and when I'm old enough for it to be socially acceptable for me to die?
I could live my life serving others and look back at how little I had actually done to help or change anything, and be jealous of those who lived more self centered lives. I could live one such life myself and chase after my every whim and on my death bed be left with a long list of stunts and experiences with no more value then a Jackass skit. It's all just spinning a fucking hamster wheel because thats what were supposed to do. I can't figure out any worthwhile alternative, and I'm already tired of all the broken bullshit in this world. Its not that I want to die, but I have nothing to live for.

My parents are in a financial barrel of pickles. I have no job, or motivation to get one. They've been kind enough to give me a little time to try and figure out something to do, or somewhere to go, but it seems my time has run out. This morning I was told I either pick where I want to go, and get going, or if I stay here go get work. Save you're condescention, but I can't work at some job without purpose. I couldn't stand whatever menial task I could land dealing with the constant knowledge that I was just going through some motions because that's what I'm "supposed to be doing." That would definitely push me over the edge.

I don't know what to do. I don't know if there's anything I even want at all. I can't see anything interesting or worthwhile, and anything that might even come close looks like just another time sink to fill the void before death. There is absolutely nothing I can think of to use my life for that I will look back on from my death bed and think "well that wasn't a waste of time, I'm glad I did that." I don't want to just do things for the sake of doing, I don't want to waste my life either by spending it frivolously or ending it, I want to make use of what I have and do something I can actually derive value and satisfaction from, but I have nothing like that, I see no where that has anything that could possibly become that, and I don't know where else to look.

Any comments or advice? I don't know what to do, and I'm afraid that this existential fatigue will eventually overtake me and my curiosity about death will win over the bias I have towards living. 