I can't take much moreSo much is so fucked up in my life. Everything is so fucked. I keep thinking about going into the kitchen and slicing my wrists i can't stop. All of my friends and even my husband has betrayed me. There is no honesty with anyone. Everyone treats me like garbage. I can't take this much more. I don't know what to do. I finally stopped crying but the calm is even more terrifying. I called my therapist but she didn't pick up and i dont think she really cares about me like i need someone to care about me. 

I have nobody to call. I feel alienated by my husband who wants to talk to me and doesnt want to leave me alone but he's betrayed me too. My sister who im closest too basically tells me to fuck off and shuts me down. The only friends I have are not very supportive and offer more stress and more anxiety. I don't feel like anyone cares and i want them all to suffer.

I feel so ugly inside and i can't stop its overwhelming me. I just want to do it and not have to deal and not have to wake up and feel like my whole world is collapsing. I need to get a job but I can't even drag myself to look for one and now i have to keep secrets for everyone and nobody is honest they giv eme half truths.

I can't stop thinking about it and wanting to not have to feel like this anymore. I want to stop suffering. every day of my life has been a struggle since i was 16 years old and I don't think I can take much more. I'm 24 years old and i don't see any reason to live. People treat me like im nothing and i no longer have the strength to fight it anymore. I'm crushed utterly betrayed by everyone and abandoned. 

I'm crying again it won't stop. I just don't know what to do anymore. I have nobody but my therapist to talk to and i have to PAY her to care.  I wish my dad was alive i really want to talk to him i miss him so much. I really need a friend and i dont have any. I can't even talk to my husband i just want to disapear. I don't even know why i'm here. Maybe because i dont want to die i just dont want to suffer anymore. I can't deal with everythig it's breaking me.