In college with almost no friends and no prospects with women. Hard not to give up.I'm a 21 year old male in college, junior year. I attend a mostly commuter school (I live on campus) and have almost no friends. I shied away from others my freshman year because I knew no one plus I did not want to be that weird guy who bothered everyone on the floor. I didn't make friends and haven't made more than a few friends here. I don't drink/go to bars/party because of how I was raised and I don't think it's good for you. Even if I was interested in doing any of that, there's no one I know who I'd go do that with.

I have never dated and to the extent of my knowledge, zero girls have had any real interest in me. I'm not that attractive at all. Still a virgin, which absolutely sucks, because I really want to have sex, I think I have an above average sex drive. I never get matches on Tinder or Bumble, and the rare times I do, they either don't respond after one of the first messages or just unmatch right away. It's disheartening. I see a decent amount of attractive women on campus, but I'm scared out of my mind of going up and talking to them because they probably think I'm a creep and they're just going to be disinterested in talking to me if not reject me outright. I feel like an absolute loser compared to most of the normal college guys who get girls like it's nothing and bang them pretty quickly.

I've dealt with depression since my freshman year of college and finally have gone to see a therapist but it hasn't helped as much I thought it would. All the suggestions I get, idk how to really execute and make friends. At this point, everyone living on campus (not many) already has their friends and social group and doesn't want new people around for the most part. I've gone to the lounge in my residence hall recently just to get out of my room and the people in there don't talk to me, they just talk to their friends and ignore me. Typical I guess.


All of this has made me really want to give up because life just sucks and it's hard to really see myself making friends let alone girls liking me and having sex. At this rate I feel like I'm going to end up like Steve Carrell in 40 Year Old Virgin.