Relapse(?) of DepressionI don't really think "relapse" is the right word to use at all, but idk what else to use so oh well...

I got really really bad two years ago (my junior year of high school) due to social, academic, and family stress along with a huge genetic disposition, and I kinda got it dealt with (went to a therapist a few times and got medicated), but I feel like my family and I never properly addressed it (especially since I went through a string of shitty doctors. #1 ignored even though I said I was suicidal and needed help, #2 set up some weird things like going from 25mgZoloft to 50 to 37.5 since I was having some really bad side effects (even when standard minimum dose is 50??) and not letting me try other medications, and then #3 continued those weird things and told me I was faking it since I was able to get up for my 8am classes).

Even though things weren't amazing, I still did fairly well. Even if I did feel completely burnt out, guilty, and perpetually unhappy, the edge was at least dulled a little and I didn't really want to lull myself as much and I was able to get through my senior year. Yippee!

Now lately, there's a whole slough of issues that are sending me right back down to suicidal thoughts: I'm disinterested in my major (but idk if that's due to actual disinterest or just not being able to feel happy/engaged/interested for long periods), I can't make any new friends since I feel like I was immediately put into the weird/outcast group, I had a complicated breakup, I'm still just as burnt out as ever (which isn't helped by my major being ridiculously demanding, the most credit-heavy at my school), and I just don't feel grounded or capable of doing anything.

I don't know. I feel like I'm not really asking for any help or anything, I just needed to vent a bit, write down my feelings. I just wish I could talk to someone (read: trained professional) again without having to go to the one wacko therapist that I can go to with our insurance. 

Sorry for rambling, I hope y'all find peace