Struggling more and more each day...I've posted about how I am about to get a divorce. Long story short, I feel as if I did everything I could to be a good husband, mainly in terms of being there for her in sickness and in health. She has endometriosis and ever since we began dating, she's been dealing with related issues and I've been there for her always. Countless trips to the ER/hospital and many doctors appointments. She had major surgery on the other side of the state two years ago and I took 3 weeks off to care for her as she recoverd.

She has almost always been too sick, sore, tired, or nauseous to want to do much and we haven't had much of a social life and more or less no sex life either. After the surgery, she got off a lot of her usual meds, they only caused more trouble with the side effects, and got approved for medicinal marijuana. We discussed this beforehand and I was fine with it. The pot and a new diet helped her lose nearly 50 pounds and her self esteem grew.

At this point, I admit that her health problems were taking a toll on me. I felt taken for granted and unappreciated. I also was starting to struggle with depression and anxiety. My temper worsened and it drove a bigger wedge between my wife and I. She begged me to begin seeing a therapist and/or getting on antidepressants. I've done both. I realized that the marriage was at risk once my wife began hanging out with new friends and spending less time with me. Once she brought up the idea of having an open marriage, I should have realized it was over.

Despite the fact that I had kept asking her if we were done, she continued to protest the idea of divorce. However, her new lifestyle centered on going out with friends, getting high, and spending a lot of time with other men. We stopped sharing a bed and more or less stopped talking. I was and still am convinced she has been cheating on me, but she still denies it. Even if she wasn't sleeping with anyone else, she still made the choice to spend her time with others, to share her thoughts and feelings with them and cut me out of her emotional mindset.

She finally told me she wanted a divorce the day before her birthday, nearly a month before our 5th anniversary. I've since moved back in with my dad. She no longer will even talk to me so I can get ahold of the necessary papers so I can take responsibility for my personal debts. She's keeping the furniture and staying in the rental property we lived in, as it is owned by her uncle. She has taken my entire life from me, I have nothing, she has everything, and now she is becoming such a bitch to me that I absolutely hate her. The last 7 years of my life have been for nothing.

Now I am stuck at my dad's with no internet, poor cable, and nothing of my own. I have no friends or any social life. My confidence is shot and I have so much anxiety even talking to strangers that I'm unable to work up the nerve to go out and try to make friends. I've never been good at making relationships that last. I've never had a best friend, aside from my wife. I'm lonely and bored and frustrated. I have no privacy at home, so I can't even jerk off to alleviate that frustration.

Before I moved out, my wife confessed she is pansexual and polyamorous. That's fine and dandy, but she could have saved me so much heartache if she had come to that conclusion about who she truly is, before we even got engaged. I no longer feel like I can even trust another woman. From what I've seen on the couple of dating apps I've checked out, there appears to be a lot of poly/pan women out there. I am open-minded, but I am just not that "progressive" I guess. I'm almost 39 and many the women my age already have kids and most of them are educated and have actual careers. I work in a factory and have nothing.

Getting into another relationship is not the answer for me, but I can't even get a simple hook-up if I wanted. I don't know how to talk to people and I nearly panic every time I'm in crowed places. Simply put, I feel completely inept and useless. I am miserable and unable to see anything improving. I feel, at this point, that the most productive thing I could do with my life is end it.

I'm extremely pessimistic and increasingly misanthropic. I have yet to find a public space where I feel comfortable and welcome. I just sit in the library or in the corner of a bookstore just so I can have access to free WiFi and even then I find nothing of interest. I'm lost and drowning. I just lack the courage to take the steps to kill myself.

I'm miserable, angry, tired, bored, lonely, and listless. Nothing seems to help. Everything is just a distraction. I really don't know what to think and I doubt anything or anyone can really help.