I have a plan. The beginnings of one anyway. A few loose ends to tie up like finances etc. But I’ve established now how I’m going to do it.Here’s the plan. Go to Woodies to buy rope. Either hemp rope or Manila. It can’t be stretchy and needs to take upto 1000lbs of pressure. It has to be around 13 feet long and 19mm in diameter. If they ask at the store why i need it, I’ll say I’m making a play area for the cat. I don’t even have a cat. Once I have the rope, it’s time to find the tree. Pick which woods. It’s going to be a woods. I don’t want my family to find me. Someone outside of my family will get over it quicker. I’m now being pulled back to thinking my family care. I’m sure they do. I’m just tired of being a shitty person and they’re better off without me. I definitely don’t want them finding me. So I’ll have to go off a fair distance away . And will need to make sure there won’t be people around. Okay. So do I drop hang or do it the other way. They say drop hang is quicker and more guaranteed to work. I just don’t want my head to come off because whoever finds me would surely be traumatised to see that. And I don’t want that. I just wish I could get out of this fucking world  without having to mess up other people along the way. But that’s my thing I mess everyone up. I married the nicest most wonderful person and now he’s on Valium just to cope with being married to me. My daughter... what can I say. I couldn’t protect her. I’ve let her down in so many ways. As for me being a daughter, I’m shit. The worst. Took everything out on my mother and treated her so badly when I was younger. I’m also a shitty sister and a shitty friend and a shitty worker. I’ll just be one less shitty person in the world when I’m gone. 
I have to do this now I have to end it. I can’t keep going around in circles and skipping around the idea of doing it. I have to just do it and get it over with. The longer I hang around (the only thing I’m good for is puns) I am just prolonging everyone else’s misery. I have a plan now. I know what I need to do. I’ve learned the hangman’s knot, I’ve been practicing. I think I have the physics of everything else down. Just gotta pick a tree and decide should I leave a note or not. I don’t know what I would say. Just “sorry”.