i can't live with this guilt, she's not taking the pilli ruined it for the last time, this is the absolutely most atrocious thing i've ever done to another human being. i'm 100% sure i knocked my girlfriend up due to unprotected sex while incredibly horny. i bought her the day after pill but she's refusing to take it and says she'll just leave and take care of the baby alone. i live in argentina, we're in the middle of an economic crisis, she can't take care of a baby alone. she's 18, she has no job or work experience, a fucking barely minimum wage job at a McDonalds won't be able to feed them both and ensure them a home. what have i fucking done? what have i motherfucking done? she lied to me at least 3 times, this is the third day after we had sex and she kept telling me she took it then "i didn't really take it, i feel like i am killing a baby!".

she's never like this, i don't understand. why is she doing this, is she really this naive? i fucking love her since the first day, she's my other half. i'm depressed and suffer from anxiety, she made me feel at peace, she completes me but now she's killing me inside. i had an outburst at her, i didn't physically hurt her or anything of that magnitude but i said a lot of hurtful things because i'm extremely fucking stressed. i fucking hurt her even more now, even more than ever before.

i'm a piece of shit, i'm a terrible awful piece of shit. my life is already in shambles, i'm 18, i haven't even finished high school and i'm not attending to it at the moment because i cant push myself to do so, i'm out of shape, i'm out of fashion, i have 2 or 3 friends at most and we barely talk in person, i live with my father and he's starting to get tired of me not doing anything with my life. i'm taking sertraline and the only thing it's doing is giving me derealization. i can barely keep my life together, she was the last thing keeping me anchored to the earth and she does this to me. now i'll lose her and i'll lose myself as a result. i cant live with the guilt of doing this to her, i'm already guilty about so many things.

&amp;#x200B;

i'm so fucking sorry. i really am.