I felt abandoned and filled with hatred from parents that never were even together. I was just a booty call baby. It didnt bother me because my grandma raised me but once she got sick and died, it left me alone. I hated them so much that i didnt even know it was hate i had for them. Im homelessI tried to make things work and Clinton Jones and Toya Mack (yes im name dropping because they never deserved the title mom and dad from me) after my grandma passed while they tried to save face (from guilt that they werent in my life and didnt raise me like they were suppose too but i guess they thought giving u something every now and again made up for it). I regret it to this day EVER getting close to them. After my grandma died, i didnt know this myself, but my hatred for them for everyone starting building. I did things wondering why did i do this? It was to hurt them and especially hurt myself. I never wanted to live especially after my grandma died. Whenever Clinton came around at that time all i remember is him being a narcissist, sarcastic, asshole that was jealous of me and my grandma relationship. Probably why he stole my stuff she bought for me as well as some of her things. Yea i didnt forget. Just like yall didnt forget the shit i did to you all. Even my own half brother was grimey towards me because Toya made it seem like it was my fault that i left like i can make decisions at 3 or 4 years old. Was turned on to weed by my own little brother and i allowed him to take advantage of me. In the end everyone was waiting on my downfall. I hate you too Ari. I was never close to them tbh. I felt like a stranger, a step kid that you see every now and again. Yea i did alot of fucked up shit. Alot of sick shit. I ll take that but i didnt do it for no reason. My anger and hatred for everyone in that family grew once she died. Now i made it to where since i fucked up so bad, these 2 demons in sheeps clothing is off scott free living their best life while every day i sleep outside finding inexpensive ways to kill myself with no success. Im going to get arrested because im going on a rampage before this year is over. I just wanted to say this:Before I die (because i will be dead before them) I just want them to know I hate every single one you. You can hate me now but my hatred for you all runs deep. AND IF I SEE ANYONE OF YOU THAT SO CALLED FAMILY, YALL BETTER KILL ME OR DONT SAY A WORD TO ME! YALL WON! INSTEAD OF ABORTING ME, SELFISHLY BOUGHT ME INTO THIS WORLD. AND Ari you evil mf...you always thought i was the winner as well as others but your mom is still alive, my mom and dad (my grandma) is dead. I would of never had the relationship u and Toya have. I curse every single one of you every day. I ll hate all of you until the day i die and go to hell. Fuck God Fuck Jesus and fuck all yall in that family. I ll forever be a stranger and an abomination. I hope all of you see this+