I feel like I’m on the verge of attempting suicide.I can’t take it anymore. I know it’s me, I’m the sensitive one. It’s my fault everything hurts, that I take it all the wrong way. I hate myself, and I hate my life. I can’t bring myself to trust others enough I feel this way; nobody. Not even someone I thought I could tell. There is no point. They’d tell me to go to the hospital, or they’d call the police. Last time I told, I had the police called on me. That’s left me in a state where I have minor panic attacks when the doorbell rings or the phone rings; it reminds me. I don’t want the police or hospital involved as I do Not under any circumstances want my mother involved with my mental health again. I don’t give a shit how much she “cares”; she did Not help last time. And she will once again manipulate me into therapy, and as I’m underage still (only a few months to go though), safeguarding rules apply and either they’d tell mother anything concerning I said, or they’d force me to. Not to mention my mothers habit of asking what I did/spoke about during my session. So no. No hospitals. 

I’m trying to hang on, I really am. I keep going to cry or scream but I just can’t. I cannot see a future for myself, I cannot see myself passing my mock exams. I don’t find any enjoyment in anything anymore. I feel so shit all the time, and I feel like I’m just whining any time i try to open up to someone. I fucking hate the paranoia I have to live with, trying to make sure my mother doesn’t find out how badly I’m struggling, while still trying to survive long enough to finally get the help I needed years ago. I’m honestly just a pathetic mess and I can’t see myself getting any better. 

If it’s even relevant, I have these extremely violent thoughts. I don’t have control over them; and I obsess over them. All the time. It is so vivid when I have said thoughts, I can hear and feel and taste and smell and all that jazz. Shit like chewing through my own wrist, and smashing my head so hard against a wall I cave my skull in, and tearing into my own chest with my bare hands, but also dumb stupid shit like chopping my fingers off when say, chopping vegetables. I also obsess over cutting myself but considering I self harm it’s no surprise I do that. But that’s how it is right now with slitting my wrists. 

I should try to sleep. That’s what I think I’ll go and do. I’m getting sleepier typing this now. I’m hoping I can sleep the bad thoughts off, you know?