My suicide note, would like some feedbackI’ve written a suicide note but I’ve sat on it for a few weeks. I thought I had bounced back but anti-life always finds a way.... 

I’d like some critique on it, or maybe just another set of eyes on it. I’m curious what people would think. I’m thinking that I’ll post it to Facebook once I decide to jump off a parking garage. I’m afraid of falling and regretting my decision on the way down but I don’t have any guns and I don’t want to buy any either, so I think jumping might be the best. I don’t want any chances of regretting it past the point of no return. 

Here it is, 


When I was a small child I had thought that the universe solely existed as a torture dungeon specifically designed to cause universal suffering. I thought that I existed solely for pain. This plagued me up until about 3 years ago, or maybe even 2. Perhaps even 1. It’s hard to say because my mind has gradually changed over time since I’ve made significant lifestyle changes, something I’ve had to do probably 3 times with much more to come. 

There was always this feint feeling of hope inside of me, the hope and the desire to change and seek out the life I want to live to become the best version of myself. I had a small hope that reality was actually something inherently good. I’ve actually worked on a theory and formula for proving the positive existence of reality but I’ve hit a pretty big snag this time around. I’ve had smaller psychological breaks before but this one might be the one that does me in. 

Perhaps depression is a self destruct mechanism for genetically dead ends. Perhaps if someone is born without their emotional needs met from a young age, and perhaps if they were never taught the tools on how to form relationships with other human beings, they enter in a self destruct mode (depression) and eventually kill themselves to allow up resources and social-emotional bandwidth to other better off people, or perhaps people inherently stronger than them, like a form of natural selection built right into our DNA. 

Perhaps depression and suicide isn’t abnormal, perhaps the very fact people like me were born is abnormal and depression is the breakdown of our psyche until eventual course correction (suicide). 

To put it another way, the very fact that someone is depressed is natural and their death is assured via psychological natural selection. Perhaps this process is supposed to happen to people like me. I’m the error. 

I have struggled with depression since I can remember. Probably elementary school or even preschool. I was very alone through my entire life. In preschool id hit kids because they wouldn’t hang out with me, and they wouldn’t hang out with me because I hit them. I can feel the echoes of this well into adulthood. Maybe this is why I’m still lonely, maybe this is why I am unloved. Perhaps I was never to exist in the first place and suicide is just course correction for my bloodline; perhaps I am to stop here. I hope I’ve explained this well enough but it might be a bit esoteric. Basically, if you’re suicidal, you’re supposed to die. There isn’t a struggle with depression because you’re supposed to succumb to depression and die. Trying to live is what’s abnormal. 

Every time I see a large group of friends, usually on social media living the lives that I want to live, or a happy couple enamored in romance, I’m hit with intense, unending jealousy. I always wanted to be loved... I always wanted to be apart of a bigger whole so I could never be alone again. Since I was in middle school I always dreamt of having a wife and kids, nothing makes me happier than thinking about a married life.... something so simple as grocery shopping with my wife or playing with my kids on a beach seems paradisal to me. It’s the highest pleasure that I can think of. But it isn’t meant for me. That kind of happiness was never to be mine. 


I had fought this my entire life of 27 years, and maybe it’s a sign from the universe telling me to bow out. This is my self destruct mechanism. It certainly seems like it, why else was I born this way? I never consented to existence anyways. It’s just a prison of isolation.

The ups of life are just a ploy in an effort to cause maximum despair. I’m only allowed to have positive life experiences so that the next negative experience can crush me even harder than the last. It’s a process of entropy to completely crush my soul. 

There’s no shortage of young men who feel just as I do. If you’re wondering why all these school shootings happen, look to this African proverb: 

“It takes a village to raise a child. And if the village rejects the child, the child will burn down the village to feel its warmth”. 

It’s no secret, it’s plain as day. Young men do these things because we feel isolated and unloved, and uncared for. The isolation gives way depression and jealousy. Jealously gives way to to anger, and anger to hatred,  not of other people (technically), but at the structure of reality. These mass shootings are like a twisted way of showing God how awful they feel inside, it’s an expression of dread more than anything. 

I’m not like that though, I don’t hate people. I love humans more than anything, that’s why I hate being at home all the time. I want to be surrounded by lots of people all the time. I want to be one of them. I want to be a human too. A human that can enjoy life, can enjoy compassion and love, that can enjoy acceptance into reality. Instead, I feel as if I was cast from heaven straight into hell. The love of the universe was never something I could have, it existed to torment me. 

My depression was a sign from God, a sign that I was never to exist in the first place. 

I’ve written more about this in the past and maybe I didn’t get everything out. But I feel so cold and alone, loveless, weak, and in pain. I’m tired of the sorrow and the dread. I am tired of fighting for my life. I’m tired of working meaningless jobs with shit benefits. I quit my job and am currently in community college to transfer to a university. I can’t help but feel like I’ve made a huge mistake by chasing my dreams. I can’t get a full time job, I’ve sent out apps for part time jobs with no reply, so I’m broke. I have no money. I’m couch surfing and have a weeks worth of oatmeal for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. And I have no healthcare because it’s too expensive and isn’t offered to part timers. I’m tired of living like this. 

That’s why I want to end it. I’m the genetic error, I’m the thing that wasn’t supposed to exist. That’s no ones burden but my own. 

So I will bow out. I feel like I should say thanks to everyone who’s helped me come this far, but I don’t even know if any of it was real or not. Maybe this is all one grand illusion. Maybe my life is just one long nightmare. 

I’m sorry if my death causes you pain. But please understand that there isn’t any other way. It’s time for me to say goodbye. 

Thank you. 

And that’s it. I’m not totally sold on my suicide just yet, but I feel like it’s close. I don’t think I’ve included everything in here, but I think it gets the point across.