My story.I just want to start this out by saying I'm not looking for help or anything. I just want to share my story with others who suffer as I did, and if it can help even one of you overcome what you are going through then I have done my job here. I am also using my actual account so if anyone ever needs to talk, I'm here for you.

 I was homeless due to a breakup with the man of my dreams, all of my family except my mother had disowned me for my announcement that I wasn't a christian as I had been pretending. At the time I had a job at a small coffee shop and was looking for an apartment. While staying at a friends for a night there was a party, I ended up being drugged and date raped by two supposed friends. Both of which were police officers sons. I woke up the next morning only having dream like memories of what had happened and bruises everywhere. I had the opening shift at 5am so i decided I would try to just be ok and make it through until my boss came in so i could go to the hospital. When my boss came in I sobbingly explained what happened and informed her I needed to go to the er right away, she told me no, I had to finish my shift. So I walked out, leaving me jobless. 

So no family, no money, no house, no job, and losing the love of my life, I was at rock bottom. No amount of alcohol or weed could make me forget my pain for even a moment. A friend took pity and allowed me to stay with him. He was a junkie and one day I told him I was considering killing myself because I just couldn't cope anymore. He offered to let me try some morphine and I accepted, hoping it could dull my pain. So in a bathroom, sitting on a toilet seat, he helped me shoot up for the first time. Everything went away, I felt happy for the first time in so long, I was instantly addicted. I shot up every day for about 2years. 

One day I got back into contact with the man I had mentioned (we will call him K) Well K had seen what happened to me and wanted to try to help me. He took me in and gave me the support I needed and I was clean for about another year. We ended up losing our apartment because we both lost our jobs. He moved back with his parents and I moved in with a friend. For some reason after that we just couldn't make things work after that and our relationship ended. 

My entire reason for being clean and the one stable thing I had in my life was gone in a moment. At this point I had a bad reputation around town and couldn't get a job, so I began selling weed for a friend of mine to cover my part of the bills. I began slowly using again, behind my friends back because I didn't want to be kicked out. My depression was creeping up on me again and I began to feel helpless. After a few months K and I once again started talking. We decided to start hanging out again and I stopped using. I was seeing another guy casually at the time (we will call him D). After a couple months of hanging out with K and I broke things off with D. 

One day I received a phone call from D that was him freaking out and blaming me for all of his problems and telling me I would never be anything but a useless junkie. He was so vicious that in my fragile, still depressed state I lost it and attempted suicide. 

K had been texting with me and knew I sounded depressed. After not hearing back from me he showed up at my house and called an ambulance. The paramedics told me if he had shown up 20 minutes later I would be dead. K rode with me in the ambulance and cried the entire time promising he wouldn't let anything happen to me.

At the hospital, once I was fully alert the doctors asked K to leave the room. They then informed me that I was pregnant, about 2 weeks along. In that instant, everything changed. I knew that though I am not perfect, I would give anything to raise a healthy, happy child. K came back in the room and I informed him. I told him right then and there that he could either stick with me or not, but I was keeping the baby. K looked right in my eyes, kissed me, and told me he wasn't going anywhere. 

Things were rough for a while and we have had some bad times. But I now have a beautiful 2 year old little girl who is the light of my life, and K is still right by my side. I am currently in training for the job of my dreams at a tattoo shop, we own our own house complete with a nice yard and  a little garden.  I love my life and every day and I cant believe the transformation from my old self. I have never once touched a drug since either. 

Sorry for such a long story but I felt I needed to share with the people who need it most. Please believe me that things can get better. It takes hard work and it wont be easy. But you CAN turn things around like I did. Thank you for taking the time to read my story.

