this hurts and keeps repeatingI keep going in the same mental loop. I'm depressed, then suicidal, then I indulge in hope over something I'm used to accepting won't come true, I feel comforted, loved, safe, and then I accept it is not real, and then I feel depressed again, and an inch closer to suicide. 

My therapist says that I am choosing to not leave this cycle. I have tried. For many years. And this time it just feels stamped into my mind, and like, I can't change it, no matter how I try. 

I put up mental barriers, I forbid myself from giving in, I remind myself that it is a downward spiral, and sometimes this works. But not always. Sometimes something random triggers me into having hope. And then I fall back in again. 

I don't know how, and just, simple statements and decisions and acceptances don't work. They are as meaningless as gibberish to me. They don't affect my feelings. Even realizing that it just gets worse, every cycle, for diminishing returns on feeling slightly better. 

Otherwise, I feel, I don't know. empty. sad. without hope. unable to connect to anyone actually in my life. lacking the ability to keep my mind in the present, and not on the imaginary. 

I feel so broken, and I feel like fixing this would either require abrupt, intense pain - or just, so much more energy than I have left in me, that, when I'm at a low, I just want to try to die. I can't stand it, and the general advice I get is to just choose to change. I've tried. It either hurts too much or takes too much out of me. I'm stuck sinking in misery. 

A family member just came by, to ask me to spend time with them. I hate myself sometimes. I feel so sad. I feel like a terrible person. I feel like I'm just not mentally here with my family. My emotions are stuck in the past, and I just, I can't move on. I can't accept. I can't even begin to try without instantly wishing for death. My mind is just cemented into this pattern. I can't fix it and I can't expect anyone or anything to fix it for me, anything or anyone to help. 

I feel like I die more and more every day. And it hurts. In ways I just, can't express. Can't communicate. Can't find peace or acceptance with. 

This sensation, this whole pattern, over and over and over, makes me want to commit suicide. It makes me feel like that is my only choice I can make to actually free myself from this pain. And I feel like a terrible person for choosing that. For not wanting to feel like this anymore. 

I don't know. I keep coming on here just to vent to someone that doesn't know me enough to be hurt by my death. I just want someone to talk to until I decide when and how I'll die. I'm so lonely on top of all these feelings, and they are so taboo that I don't have anyone to let them out to in entirety, without being further hurt in order to protect me momentarily from myself. I just wind up making tiny choices instead, that put me at greater risk to die. 

Maybe that's a dramatic way of saying I pick unhealthy things to do. When I pick those things I do think 'I hope this kills me'. Now I just hope I find something to kill me quickly. Dying slowly alone is miserable and awful and terribly lonely. It is excruciatingly painful. I just don't want to be alone anymore, even if only for a few more days. 

Thanks. 