I need some help/adviceI myself do not have thoughts of committing suicide but I am asking this community for some advice/help to guide me through this.

My girlfriend (who I have been dating for over 3 months now) has major depression and anxiety and wants to kill herself. She's been this way for 3 years now. I found out about it back in October 2016 and ever since then I have always been there to help her and support her, all of her other friends had left her and I was the only one who stayed. 

But things got worse as the months went on. She would send pictures of cuts on her wrist, sometimes she said she burned. Eventually I brought this up to her mother and as a result she took her to counseling, which didn't really work as well as we thought. She (my girlfriend) would do things like overdose on her prescription meds, drink at her grandmothers on weekends when no one was awake. Her mother and older sister would abuse her and yell at her and get bruises from all the hits she takes from them, her dad wasn't much help either. He would listen to her talk about what's happening would never take action against. 

In January of this year she was assigned a social worker, who was honest to God asshole and only wanted the worst of her. She was then admitted to a facility about an hour away from where I live for over a week, I could only contact her for two hours a day but I made time to visit over the weekend. We both knew she didn't belong there and that she needed to go home, she was expected to transfer because she was 15 at the time, she ended up getting transferred to a facility that was even farther away and much worse than where she was before. She got sent home early and was back before the second weekend.

It was a couple weeks later that I had asked her to be my girlfriend, I was well aware of what she was going through and how her depression and anxiety has taken over her life, but I didn't care because I love her with all of my heart, I know it wasn't going to be the easiest thing in the world, but she's worth it to me. 

We're finishing up school now but she is still very stressed out with getting good grades and she's already stressed about next year since I will be gone at college which is over 2 hours away. She told me she feels safe around me. I love her so much and I don't want anything bad to happen to her. She's had small thoughts about taking the Blue Whale Challenge.. I don't think she'll take it but there's always the thought.. I'm asking anyone out there for any advice or help you can give to help me with my girlfriend, any coping methods or things to talk about/do that can help her get through this. Thank you.