My material conditions changed, so I'm still alive.I posted here a few months ago to mention I was suicidal because of a desperate financial situation. I hit a crisis point in my finances shortly thereafter and held my life for ransom on the national suicide hotline - $180K or I would use a bottle of pills and alcohol nearby, and point gun-shaped objects at the police if they were called.

That went about as well as you'd expect (although I did get through to their development offices to talk about grants and material assistance for the suicidal, so there's that). I spent about a week in two separate behavioral hospitals. I went through the business of talking to psychiatrists for purposes of legal liability (they had me so they had to cover themselves in case I tried again once I got out) and left with a medication which is largely responsible for making my dreams more vivid and not much else. I'm taking it to reassure people, but it hasn't changed much.

I have not attempted suicide again because my circumstances changed. Following my release, I was given a sufficient windfall to clear enough of my debts that I can live on my own income and meet my needs and prepare for a life of my own.

Some people here may consider this a success story. I want to make one thing clear about this lest you start thinking of it as such: Empathy didn't help.

I can't stress that enough. I don't feel better because people told me things might get better. The suicide line didn't help me by working through an emotional crisis. My extended stay in behavioral facilities was laughably amateurish, with therapeutic techniques designed for people who had no grounding in psychological theory and had never been introduced to flawed concepts like Maslowe's Hierarchy of Needs. People telling me they were glad I had failed didn't help. Hearing my spouse sobbing and begging me not to die on a few phone calls didn't help.

What helped was an actual change in my material circumstances. My problems were grounded in something that was tangible and could be changed. A third party took that chance and changed it for me. The suicidality is gone.

During my psych evaluations, one of the consulting psychiatrists commented that it sounded like I wanted to be rescued. There was a sense that this was somehow wrong of me to want. Well, yes, I did. I wanted to be rescued from debt or I wanted to die. This was framed in a way that implied it was somehow wrong to want - that I should instead learn to embrace the struggle and that it was more desirable to learn how to tolerate the problem being "bearable" through drugs and therapy instead of having the problem removed. I would not have wanted to live with that.

Instead, I was rescued, and it worked. I feel fine. If I find the opportunity, I will rescue someone else in the same way in the future - if I can change their material circumstances, I will. I think this will be a much better way of helping their suicidality than a pat on the back. Maybe I'll never get to a financial place where I can do what was done for me, but I will try. And it will be more useful than talking about the problem; it will be fixing it.