BlehI don’t even know where to begin. Thursday was my two month anniversary of leaving my emotionally, financially, and sexually abusive boyfriend. Today I’ve wanted to cut my own throat. I don’t want to be here anymore. I just want to curl up into a ball disappear. School is not going as well as it should be. I had to drop most of classes and the university is taking forever to process the last withdrawal. I’m embarrassed about how long it’s taking me to get my degree. All of my old friends have graduated and I’ve got years to go. The math class I’m in is challenging and I haven’t even started on actually working on the meat of my degree. 

Also, I have an intimate graduate level foreign language reading class with 4 other students. Three of them are young (male) engineers who came the same city abroad. They are great friends with a clear dynamic. The class is kind of a piece of cake for them as they are native speakers but I digress. It appears that the most handsome one (to me) has taken an interest in me or I am reading the signals totally wrong.

It really does feel like he's focusing his energy on me. There's a lot of eye contact, smiling, and such. It’s very consistent too. He's in a room with his friends and yet persistently does things that engage me like asking clarifying questions about statements I've made or explaining this about the culture in his country. There's usually a lot of smiling and such in my general direction. The other day he asked me how late the banks are open on Saturdays (something that he could have easily googled on or possibly figured out in a few years of living in the US). He’s asked me a lot of questions about myself and even invited me to coffee as well as asked to join in one of the activities that I do. 

After all of this attention I guess I finally felt like he’s been putting in a lot of work. I figured we could have exchanged some communication sources phone numbers or email addresses. The other day I sent a little message just checking to make sure it was him through the school email as people are easy to find. I haven’t heard back and it’s making me feel like a dumbass. It always seems to fail when I try or put myself out there. It doesn’t help that he and his friends are successful and close to graduating.

I haven’t even declared my major because I’m so behind. I know it’s not right to compare myself to everyone around me but it’s hard. 

I don’t have any good friends anymore as they were cut out during my previous relationship. The one person who stuck around just told me today that she can’t handle having much contact with people anymore so I have to stop bugging her too. I feel alone, stupid, and like a failure. I realize that my issues are small in comparison to others. 

My mother is basically the only person that I talk to anymore but that feels weird because she physically abused my entire childhood and is still an alcoholic. Out connection is spotty at best and I don’t really see her as my parent. I haven’t felt like I had a caregiver since I was 8 years old. 

This is not my first time feeling suicidal in my life. It happened when I was a teenage likely due to my mother’s physical and emotional abuse. Lots of car fantasies. It’s come up a few times throughout relationships and now multiple times in the past few weeks. 