[25/M] Ended relationship poorly after 5 years. Things are better, but now regret wasting time. Considering ctb because feeling too old to pursue past passions and I'm ultimately disgusted by what I've doneI am not sure how exactly to write all of this. I've always been told I "have a way with words" and I'm "eloquent, but long-winded", but I feel this message is best kept brief to ensure someone can respond promptly. I'm not sure where to turn, and I'm terrified of contacting hot lines.

In short, I moved away from my family in 2013 to be with my ex who live on the opposite end of the country (east coast to west coast, for those curious). During the initial time I was with her, things were pretty damn great: I eventually found a job that helped me sustain myself. I lived with her parents, who were nice enough to not only let us stay there, but let us live there rent free.

The situation was not without faults: her parents had a failing marriage. Both were angry drunks and would frequently fight late at night, break furniture, push holes in walls and doors, and even leave for days at a time. While my ex was sensitized to it and even found it funny, I found myself constantly anxious and begged that we move out. She, however, wanted to finish college at home and refused, citing financial stability.

Fast forward 3 years: I was eventually laid off from my job, picked up smoking again (both weed and cigarettes) and felt emotionally abandoned by my ex. It eventually led me to emotionally cheat on her; due to living in an extremely remote area and not having access to friends outside my ex, I eventually started to browse chatrooms seeking people, men or women, to talk to, trading online sexual for conversations that I felt satisfied my need for both attention and validation. She eventually found out and I was kicked out of the house.

After a year of bouncing between sofas, finding two jobs, finding my own apartment, and even fully reconciling with my ex which boiled down to accepting we both wanted something else (I wanted kids, she didn't) and our differences, while incompatible, were respectable. However, I now feel like I've abused my body and mind for what feels like a lifetime, and the neglect has destroyed not only my confidence, but the fundamental things that make me feel like me.

Within the past year since I left, I've started exercising, started losing weight, quit smoking and drinking, started an investment portfolio, and fully furnished my apartment, which has all felt accomplishing, but I feel, at age 25, that I will never be at the level I want to achieve for certain things. Let alone that I desperately want to have children with someone new who I've yet to start looking for.

I've always loved drawing, but I feel my half-assed body of work over the past half-decade pales at my other friend's pieces they've accomplished across country. I know that all skills develop with practice, but I've also started reading a lot about neuroplasticity, and how the brain slowly starts to lose its ability to acquire, maintain, and excel at new or rusty skills after approximately 25 years. It has driven me to the point of complete despair, where I sometimes don't do anything while at home for days at a time except go online and browse the internet, depressing me further as I read about how successful everyone else around me has become. Drawing is still mostly enjoyable, but achieving the level of mastery I crave seems impossible now. I had other hobbies, but art was something I always loved.

I don't know why I should continue fighting if I've supposedly (according to research) passed my prime years without much noteworthy success and enough failure and regret to carry that it feels like I always have a truck strapped to my back.

Why keep going when I've built a legacy of nothing except addiction, depravity, and heartbreak?

P.S. After a quick proof, I realize that this is much longer than originally anticipated:

**tl;dr - did regrettable stuff that caused me to be removed from my ex's home, spent the past year fighting for a bed and working on myself with modest success, but feel I'm spiraling downward because I'm both disgusted by my past and I keep comparing my current neglected skill level in art and many other aspects of my life to peers. Contemplating ending it because I feel unaccomplished, regretful, and frustrated that I can't change the past.**