No idea what to do.Wow, can't believe I'm posting here, but I imagine most people that post here think the same thing.  My story's long but I'll try to be as brief as possible.  No idea how to start this.

I'm 40.  I'm divorced.  I own my own business.  Life is shit.

There's a lot of background here but I'm just going to go back about 5 years.  My wife and I separated and she told me I needed anger management so I went to counseling to try and make things better.  After 4-5 sessions the counselor said I didn't need anger management (the ex wife and I took personality profiles and she ranked much higher on anger and aggression than I did) but he said I definitely had anxiety issues and sent me for ADHD testing.  I was diagnosed with ADHD and prescribed Adderall and and something else for depression/anxiety, I forget what.  I took those for a while and life started getting better, I was working out, going out more, feeling better.  I don't know if my change in activity was due to the medicine making me feel better or if my change in activity made me feel better and the medicine was a coincidence.  Fast forward about 9 mos and the ex and I try to reconcile, I found out she's had affairs (one with my best friend) and she has a drinking issue and decide I'm done, I file for divorce.  We've been divorced 4 years now.  (As a note, the day I filed for divorce I tossed all my meds.  I didn't want to be tied down by pills.)

My weight.  About a year ago I realized I felt like shit and I needed to do something about it.  Went to the doc and found out I have sleep apnea, got put on treatment for that.  3 mos later still no energy so I get put on testosterone, 3 mos later still no energy so I quit the testosterone and decide it's time for me to take control.  I change my diet, start working out, meditate to de-stress.  I've lost about 30 pounds since first of the year but I'm still tired, worn out, can't focus, can't get motivated, can't think.  This leads to my job.

My job.  I own a small business and it's been a real roller coaster the last 5 years.  I've had to lay-off all my staff and I'm moving into a home office this week.  4 years ago, about the same time I was going through my divorce, I had a client default on over $150k in invoices.  My business was only a year old at the time and still running off my savings, this crippled me, literally took every penny I made over the next 18 mos to pay it back.  I was forced into bankruptcy, I almost lost my house, it was (is) bad.  I haven't had the money to file taxes in four years and can't imagine how much I owe - definitely more than I have.  Last year was a decent year and I saved some money and took care of some things I neglected when I was broke, even saved a little.  However the bottom fell out again and here I am.  I've not made any money this year, my largest client just pulled our contract due to a work slow-down and my savings is almost gone.  The bad thing is that I think a lot of my business issues reflect back on me.  I can't get properly motivated, I can't think straight, I'm foggy all the time, I'm so stressed about how much I have to do that I can't get anything done.  If this makes any sense it is literally uncomfortable to try and think or focus.  I feel like a failure in my business, my health and my relationships.

So here I am.  I'm thinking of ending it all and the only thing keeping me from doing it is that I am terrified of what's on the other side, terrified.  I was talking with some friends the other day and the topic of death came up and if you were told you could go to heaven now would you go.  Everyone but me said no, they all felt they still had things here to accomplish or take care of.  If I got a free pass to heaven and go without hesitation as I don't feel there is anything for me here. (Please, don't comment on my faith if you're an atheist.)

The one thing I've thought of was the medication and trying that again.  However I mentioned to my new doctor (other doctor no longer in the area) that I used to be on it and he very quickly said that he thought that stuff was crap and I wouldn't get prescriptions from him.  I've also had periods where I felt just as good as I did on the meds so I don't know how much they helped.  What I do know is that meds cost money and I'm almost out of that.  I've tried changing my sleep habits, changing my diet, adding exercise, I've lost weight.  I've tried everything I could personally do to make changes but it's not enough.  I did try an online chat with a counselor and got a bunch of, "You're great!" "You're awesome!" "You're important!" stuff but nothing of any real substance.  It was actually quite discouraging that 'this' was counseling?

Sorry this is so long, I guess I had a lot to say.  If I've left any gaps please feel free to ask questions.  Thanks for reading.