I'm young and my life is not going as planned. I'm not suicidal, and I'd like to keep it that way, so I'm looking for a change.Hi everybody. This is more than I've shared with anyone in a long time mainly because I have no one to share with, so here goes nothing - you'll excuse me if it ends up bordering on rambling, I hope.

My name's Ryan! I'm a privileged, white nineteen year old male currently residing in an upper middle class suburb in the USA, and I've made the decision my life needs to change.

I graduated high school in 2009. I slid by in high school, doing the minimal amount of work possible while still keeping up impressions that I was a smart, capable young man who was going places. to this day I'm not sure how I pulled that off. I then attended Drexel University in the awesome city of Philadelphia. At the end of the academic year I was informed that, due to my grades, I wouldn't be returning. It was partly the abrupt transition to the college atmosphere, partly my own lack of motivation. I was probably clinically depressed in the latter half of the year, but I don't like making excuses so I avoid talking about it. I think you, reddit, are the first one that I have said this to: it was my own fault.

I hid my dismissal from my parents (er, mom, my parents separated when I was in middle school. it was not amicable, but it's since become so) for as long as I could. Eventually - after a trip to Philly to absolutely confirm there was nothing I could do to get back in, I gave my parents a modified version of the truth - that, due to my GPA, my counselor recommended boosting it for a year at a community college. I was mad (at myself, my school and my situation) immediately thereafter - "I'm paying, why the fuck can't I stay here? You colleges are just supposed to care about the money" - but looking back the decision stopped my from wasting more of my parent's money and more of my time and for that I am grateful.

So community college it was. However, the change of pace - and having my mom present in my life - wasn't enough. The feelings of failure, the lack of motivation, lack of interest in my future while at the same time being acutely aware of the consequences of my actions, and disappointing everyone around me weren't enough to propel me out of old habits. I started off the semester well, but halfway through stopped attending classes. My _community college_ GPA is now as dismal as my one from a proper university. I haven't enrolled in what should be my second term of cc, which my mom, friends and long distance girlfriend do not know about.

I am, in basic terms, a lie.

I'm looking to get out of here - to start over, at least for a while. It's obvious, albeit against all odds, that I am not thriving in this environment. Tonight was the first time in a long time that I broke down, and I cried. I cried, and I cried, and I tried texting my girlfriend, but my eyes kept crying. I cried at exactly what I haven't become, I cried at what potential I'm wasting. I cried at the people I've let down, and hurt, and no doubt will continue to hurt and disappoint if my life continues in this way. 

I'm sitting in a public library right now typing this, and typing that last sentence hit me hard. I've never outright realized that before, or at least I've never confronted the fact, never faced it, never admitted it. I guess this is just a particularly indifferent place to me typing my heart out to strangers; people to my left and right are watching videos (against library internet use protocol - tut tut!), checking their email, banking and typing away at Word documents. all blissfully unaware of what I'm doing and thinking and living. They're probably doing something important, or if they're not right now, they will be soon. I guess I just don't really feel like I've done anything important in...shit...a while.

When I was crying tonight I realized I need to change that. I want to do something else. Something like a missionary, except preferably a secular thing because I'm a nontheist. I want to go somewhere and help people, build things. Work outside, work with my hands. Appreciate nature - mother nature and human nature - and the little things. Maybe a farm hand, or apprentice somewhere, somewhere away from where I am now. I need a change of pace - maybe another country, maybe somewhere across the country, but Northeastern middle class suburbia is not working for me. Another country would be cool, I've never been outside the USA except for vacations. I've lead a very privileged, sheltered life - I realize this, but it seems I can't _appreciate_ it, hard as I've tried.

Does anyone know of anything like this, where I can go away for a few months and clear my head and reevaluate my priorities and my life and not be a lie? Something like a secular missionary of sorts, or something. Or any words of advice for a kid like me - maybe you've been in a similar situation and you know of somewhere or something that might help. I need a change...