Something I wrote years ago and I still feel the same way 

I don't know what to do. Everything is just too frustrating for me. Like everything I wanted to do or did just gave up on me, on my life. Everything that made me happy just stopped making me happy. When I think of what to do, I just don't know. It feels like the world is swallowing me up, making me feel so tired and restless.

Sleeping forever would be a great thing, but that won't ever happen unless I stop breathing. And I don't want to stop breathing, not yet. Still it seems like the only thing I can do to make it all go away. Like it's the only answer at the moment. I'm just so tired right now. I want to sleep, but I just don't know. Too many people rely on me living, and I wish they would stop, so it would be easier for me to just lie down and stop everything. But that won't happen anytime soon.

I just don't know what I want to do. What I really want. What I can do in this world. All I can do is distract myself and put everything on hold. But everyone keeps reminding me that I can't put it on hold. And that makes me even more frustrated. I tell them that I don't know and they still ask me why I don't know. That's what I don't know. It's all a paradox.

To me it seems that everyone around me knows what they want and I don't. They push it every single day and I don't do the same thing as them. I want to, but I just can't. It makes me too tired. No energy left to push anymore. I have pushed enough and they expect me to push even more. I tell them that I want to stop and they don't want to hear that. I just don't know what to do.

Sleeping never makes me feel completely rested. I feel that I need more sleep all the time. But I just can't do that when they keep interrupting my sleep mid-way. I tell them I need more sleep and they tell me it will make me more sick. I know that, but I need more sleep. It's the only thing that will make me feel more rested, even though sleeping doesn't give me enough energy to keep going every single day. It's never enough. Need more sleep. All the time. Sleep makes me stronger and weaker at the same time.

People keep telling me to put on a fake smile, and when I stop, they get angry. It makes me feel like I'm worthless because I want to show that I'm not feeling well enough to put on that fake smile. My mask is slowly fading, and yet they keep giving me new masks. I just don't know why they keep doing that to me. I've had enough right now. Yet they don't see that when I get countless of new masks from them. I want to stop caring, but they make me care too much. Gluing masks on me so that I can't take them off. Why do they care so much about my life, I ask myself. I can't ask them because they give me an answer that cannot be countered.

"You gotta try more" they tell me all the time. Every time I want to give up, lie down and sleep, they tell me to be strong. I don't want to be strong. I want to be weak, I want to show them what I feel right now. But they won't allow anyone to feel weak, not even the weakest one. "We must keep believing" they tell me. I don't want to believe anymore. Why is that so hard to understand.

I want my freedom. I want my soul to be free. But they keep trapping me inside this vessel. They keep putting on new locks, so it's harder for me to escape, to be free. They keep trying to make me the perfect being, and I keep wanting to be imperfect. They get mad and disappointed, making me feel less loved and cared about. They keep reaching out for my hands, dragging me up from the hole I keep lying down in even if I want to keep my hands for myself. They just won't listen to me.

They know all my answers and I know none. I know nothing about myself, and they tell me they know everything about me. They don't. Yet they do, they say. They know what's right for me. Yet they don't know what I think is right. Not even I know what is right. Or wrong. But apparently they do. Why do they think I am so important, I ask myself. I just don't know.

I am not God, I am not their possession. So why am I so goddamn important to them? There are others to rely on, so why me? Release me.