EugenicsNew York just announced that if any disabled people come to the hospital and bring with them medical equipment they personally own because they need it to live, the hospital has the right to take it away from them to give to patients who are "more likely to survive" during the coronavirus crisis. It's only a matter of time before the rest of the states follows suit, and my country is already trying to figure out how to work that into our laws, too.

I don't want to die, but since this crisis started people have been saying that disabled people deserve to die &amp; that this virus is only going to strengthen the human race / be better for society "by removing the trash &amp; wastes of oxygen".

I'm disabled and immunocompromised, and almost every single charity claiming to support "elderly and disabled people" has told me that their services are only for people ages 50 &amp; up. I thought "elderly and disabled" meant "elderly people and disabled people" but being 32 years old means I'm on my own. Apparently I'm too young to be disabled. Someone please let my neurological damage know!

And that's without even counting the people who have gotten in my face and screamed at me that I'm faking my disability to take advantage of the help that's now being offered to disabled people. I don't look like the Hollywood stereotype of a disabled person and I'm not visibly missing a limb, therefore every random person on the street is suddenly a doctor telling me it's all in my head and I just need to [go gluten free / go vegan / do yoga / take probiotics] and it'll all go away.

At this point I'm literally afraid for my personal safety. Not because of the virus but because people are so eager to be the 'hero' who 'caught out a faker' that I think I'll be attacked if I go to Tesco's special shop for elderly/disabled/vulnerable customers. 

If they even let me inside at all.

I don't want to die, but I don't know how I'm going to live through this.

Maybe I should stop being selfish and kill myself so that I don't take up supplies that other, healthier people need. After all, they're more likely to survive and more profitable for the community. All I do is waste government tax money by continuing to live.