Love of my life left me 'cause I'm ugly, going to end it all soonI've been alive for 24 miserable years, years full of intense abuse, bullying, social isolation, etc. Life sucked all the way up to around a year ago, when I met an amazing woman who I connected with stronger than any friend or partner or family I ever had before. She asked me out quickly, and we started dating. I thought things were really good, we spent hundreds of hours every months hanging out, I helped her through her very serious illness and provided infinite amounts of support, and we would rarely fight and when there was conflict we had good communication and worked through things without any explosive arguments or anything. Everything seemed perfect.

Then I was partying with some friends, including her best friend, who got very intoxicated and told me that my (ex) partner didn't love me, that she thought I was ugly, and that she had been pretending to have feelings for me for almost the entire duration of our relationship. I confronted my ex about this and she confirmed that it was true. I've never been more devastated in my entire life, its triggered extremely intense and serious mental health issues (gaslighting symptoms, dissociative episodes, massive depression, breakdowns, even a couple stress induced psychotic breaks). I can't work, even after they gave me almost 3 weeks off to recover, I know I'm going to get fired soon and I do not have the mental capability to get new work, as it is a technical field that requires a functioning brain. I've been in therapy for a long time, and it has done nothing to help me with this. My ex, to her credit, is desperately trying to help undo the damage she caused, but nothing makes me feel any better anymore.

Having all of your dreams crushed by life over and over is just so devastating. I had these fantasies of a future that are just gone now, and I know that while I am in insufferable agony right now that when she starts dating someone else I will be in even worse shape, and I've just had enough of this. I've had enough of the abuse, the torment, the loneliness, everything. I'm going to go see her (she lives in a different state) for a little bit so that she at least gets an opportunity to say goodbye, even if she doesn't know I'm going to end my life, and then when I return I will kill myself on our anniversary.

Thanks for listening to my story, apologies if it is rather incoherent.