Coming to terms with life, death, whatever makes it worth it, and if such a thing exists.I've been trying to figure out exactly how I felt about the idea of dying for a while now. I've attempted suicide twice. I still get scared when I look at the sky or think about how we exist on this planet suspended in a constantly growing, infinite empty space. What's worse is that we have all these years to live through and there's no way to survive in any comfortable way unless we're lucky enough to know exactly where we fit in, and work to survive rather than to enjoy life.

Every time I've tried to come out of my shell, make new friends and form connections with people, after bonding for years you would think you would mean something to them. I don't even ask for much, just for someone to be sincere and caring.
Ultimately it's always ended the same way, I don't expect people to drop everything to tend to my needs. I know we all have separate lives. But why is it that when I'm going through a rough patch, if I'd been sexually assaulted, if I'm upset that I was made to be the butt of a cruel joke, suddenly it's all too inconvenient to stick around and listen? 

I hate having to hear the same "One day you'll find x,y,z" format over and over again after every shitty experience I go through. There is no "one day". I'll be waiting until the day I die, and I'll have wished I had given up sooner.

Suicide is my choice, it's the only way I feel I can have significant control over the direction of my life and I'm certain of the outcome. I'm tired of gambling, and I'm tired of having to tiptoe around the things that my friends do because they don't want to face their actions.

I don't want anymore people telling me to hang on or to have hope or offering to reach out. As nice as that is, I wish that we would show that same compassion to people before they get to a a point like this. Just wish me luck, and hopefully it'll all be forgotten soon enough.
I can't find it in me to panic or cry or act out. I'm just tired.
Thanks.