How do you know when to use your exit plan?This is my first post but I really needed to get my thoughts out and hopefully someone will read this and know that I exist. I feel like a total failure and my story is so unbelievable that even after hearing the person who hurt me admit to it not only to a therapist, but hand written out.

Three years ago I was able to get out of an 18 year relationship with a narcissistic sociopath. For 18 years, I was physically and emotionally abused. The last 5 of those 18 years, it turned sexual. I was put in situations where he invited ppl into the bed or pictures he took of me being passed around with promises of sex with me. 

He got his way and on top of that, when it happened the first time, I was in a state of shock. I was paralyzed with fear. I was in denial thinking this wasn't really happening to me. I even found an Ad he took out saying he wanted to set up my ultimate fantasy of a gang bang rape. 

To be clear, that was not my fantasy at all. I made screen shots of everything and I e:mailed everyone who responded that I was not understanding why he did that and if he managed to get me into a car with him that if I ended up in that position, it would be nonconsensual because I was not into that lifestyle. 

That is the short version. He shared me with other men regardless of my saying no. He took out Ad's like the one I mentioned, and he spread nude pictures out without my knowledge or permission. 

When I was finally away from him and felt safe, I was able to tell my family. My parents, a cousin and asked that they please refer anyone with questions about this back to me to keep the rumors at a minimum. That didn't happen. 

I was told things like I must have wanted it because I stayed so long. I was called weak for not having the guts to pack my kids up and just walk away. He isolated me from my family and friends. He talked me into being a stay at home mom so I had no job, no money, and no place to go.

On the outside, I was the perfect wife who kept a clean house and dinner was always on the table complete with homemade bread and some kind of dessert. 

Ironically, the ppl who were the hardest on me were my family. Nobody asked me. Nobody offered any type of help except two. Both said if I needed to talk, I could always call them. Unfortunately, those were just empty words. One lectured me when I called and the other was busy but would call me back soon to have coffee and just let me drain all this out. Three years later, not only am I still waiting for that call, that same person told me that I just needed to stop looking for attention. 

Any woman who has been even in just a physically abusive situation knows that packing up and leaving was not only an impossible feeling, but could be deadly. My only answer to these ppl who were supposed to be there as a support system was that all I wanted was to get me and my kids out alive. 

When the rumors got to be too much, I finally felt I had to publicly tell everyone the entire story. They weren't very pleased with that and about half of them stopped talking to me. 

About a year ago, I posted on my FB later at night that I really needed someone to talk to and within seconds, a relative told me to shut up, stop complaining because there were other single moms out there and they did it. Then another chimed in to tell me someone else in the family had it worse than me. 

I don't put a value to the things that others go through because we all fall down plus it wasn't the part about being a single mom that I needed to talk about. I only highlighted 3 things he made me do sexually here, but if I went into all of it, nobody would want to read that much. His journal alone was 7 pages. 

I went to the police and was literally laughed at and told they were not going to read the copies of everything I gave to them or even glance at them. I literally handed them a case of sex trafficking, rape, and yes, it is illegal in my state to take the kind of pictures he took of me and spread them around. It is considered creating and distributing porn. That is even with my consent. 

They refused me medical attention. I was already bruised and bleeding. I was told IF I still felt like I was injured the next day and IF I still wanted to press charges, I could have those things the next day. Then they wrote in the report that I claimed there was sexual abuse, but they didn't observe anything to indicate that (That was why they refused to look at what I gave them)

I did file a report early the next morning and went through the humiliating process of pictures and having to write in detail what happened. Because of the way they worded the report, when I got to the DA, I brought everything with me. I was told that since it wasn't in the report the police wrote, she couldn't accept "new evidence". 

I lost my friends, my family doesn't speak to me, and even my kids hate me 3 years later. Getting out of a relationship with a narcissistic sociopath is one of the hardest things to do and many either don't make it out alive or end up killing themselves later. 

I had zero support. My family hates me and all because I did tell them that they weren't there the one time in my life when I needed them and have been thinking of just throwing in the towel. I really don't know what to do. 

Anyway, I just wanted someone to hear my words just in case. And before you criticize, look up narcissistic sociopaths and see what there is to say out there. 

T