Feel like I’m backed into a corner and there is no other choiceNo matter how my life proceeds it’s a mess. Ten year relationship that has been bad for the most part blew up horribly a few days ago after about a month of doing well. Now we can’t even be in the same room without her exploding on me for even attempting to speak. I am mostly to blame for things getting this way, I should have tried harder to fix it years ago.  I’ve been selfish, neglected her and not lived up to what her expectations of a partner should have been. I regret it all so much, and when it all really started falling apart a few months ago I have been trying so hard to do better but it always blows up in my face somehow. We have had so many huge blowout arguments, amazing makeup sex, a week or two of things going well then right back to the same fights. It has taken an enormous physical, mental, and emotional toll on me. Anxiety and depression, coupled with thoughts of how to make it work consume every second of my day to some degree. Can’t sleep more than a couple hours and I hardly eat.
   
   We have broken up and gotten back together a few times, and had more fights which involved me getting thrown out of the house to go stay at my mothers than I can count. Honestly it’s a very bad and toxic relationship but it’s all I know, and I have a severe co-dependence on her. We relocated, and changed phone numbers about 9 years ago. I have literally no adult friends or family close enough to talk to besides my mother, and I don’t want to burden her even more. I never had Facebook or anything and kept potential friends I met at a distance over the years, family and work consumed my entire life and I never wanted much outside the home. So I don’t know what else to do but vent to strangers on reddit. 

 We have two children, one of whom is cognitively disabled with severe non verbal autism and will most likely never be able to be an independent adult and will always depend on someone. Even as a couple it’s been a huge weight on our shoulders, and she has always put the weight on me for not doing more to try and help him sooner, when she was the one staying at home while I worked. We have spent thousands and thousands of dollars trying everything we could afford to help him and it’s all been a huge fucking waste. 

 I have a well paying job, but I hate what I do and it’s essentially a dead end profession where I’ll be stuck doing it for the rest of my life without spending years in school to come even close to making similar money. At 36 years old I have no savings whatsoever, and live paycheck to paycheck. I don’t even know how much debt I have, she has controlled finances the entire relationship and ran up numerous accounts. It’s probably somewhere around 40-50k. The current situation at home with her is unemployed, a year away from bachelor’s degree with no relevant job experience when it’s done. She demands I sign for an apartment for her, but there is no way I can afford it at all. Current bills are slipping behind more and more. Spend 300-500 a month on marijuana for her. If I try to stand up for myself or protest the situation she will threaten to take off and leave me with no choice but to call off work. 

Somehow I thought it would all work out and we would have the future together where I could go to school, and be a stay at home dad for a few years. It feels like everything I have worked for for the last ten years is disappearing and nothing I can do will save it. Every effort to talk to her leads to me being thrown out at this point. I should have gotten out of this relationship before our second child was born, it was awful even then with lots of abuse, but the whole co-dependent thing was so bad at that point I always endured it all and hoped for the best. Deep down I know I’m to blame for it being this way now though, I fucked it up over and over right from the start and she tried to get me to seek professional help years ago but I had the attitude of fuck it it’s too late and kept kicking the can down the road. 

  I really don’t know what to do, going on like this feels impossible. It’s either suicide or somehow scrape up cash pack my shit and just drive and abandon them relocating with a cousin several states away. Living in the same house with her right now is unbearable though. The minutes feel like hours and all I want to do is try to fix things, when she snaps the second I even get in her line of sight. So yeah I was going to do the charcoal grill in car somewhere secluded. Fuck, I just don’t know what to do. Know my kids need me, and my daughter is my only ray of sunshine but damn it’s hard and every day gets worse and I’m losing the strength to keep going. The only really happy time I have is that brief moment when I wake up in the morning, it only lasts a few seconds, then I remember how bad things are and it crashes down on me like a brick wall. Well thanks for reading if you made it this far, I’m really at the worst and most desperate point I have ever been in. All I can think about is how I should have just done it ten years ago after my fathers death and the failure of my last relationship happening together and saved myself all this trouble. Somehow I thought life would get better so I carried on, but that has not been the case.