6 years of therapyMy story is way too long and I'm too tired of telling it, because I reached out for help, but nobody could. 
So I will just tell you about my current status. 

In the last 6 years I visited 10 different therapists, spent 6 months stationery and tried several anti-depressive medications. 
I attended to therapy with different attitudes,  from a totally depressive, dysfunctional and suicidal wreck to slighty optimistic and willing to work on change, but it hasn't changed anything, besides that I'm clean and more socialized, without harming myself anymore, I still want to die, I still suffer from my emotional condition, for which I got diagnostic names now, and I still believe that I was born on the wrong planet, even tho I met some very pleasent individuals, but those keep distancing themselves from me and if they don't, they start to annoy me, so I leave them. 

I'm going to school again, work part time and my sexlife was quite active for a while, I have to admit that things became better, but I still do not really enjoy anything, I still... want to die.

And recently Chester Bennington ended his life, a man who sang about suffering from mental illness for over 20 years and who appears that he never overcame his condition. I doubt that I can find the strength for another 14 of what I'm going through. 

The only reason I consider to not do it, or haven't done it yet is my mom, she's heartwarming and did so much for me during the last years, I don't want to hurt her, she's got enough shit going on in her life without her failure of a son disappointing her again. I feel miserable because I basically only live for her and that appears to make everything worse, I start to hate myself again for my deathwish, but what should I do about it, it's such a strong desire that no therapist and no stupid anti depressant could help me to overcome it.
 I actually start to believe that I was meant to kill myself. 

I really hope my mom can forgive me and find the strength that I never had to overcome all this shit life is throwing at us, including my "unnatural death".