RantMy life is real fucked up... I am 24. I started using cocaine when I was 17 then meth when I was 19 at 21 I  had a phyciotic breakdown after doing pcp, meth,kodiene, and alcohol all in one night got thrown in detox by the police. Walked out of detox. Police picked me up I got to the hospital and was held for a mental assessment after I was detoxed in seclusion for a month. So I was held on a mental ward for another month after seclusion while I was there a social worker helped me get on disability and go to a rehab program.  I was in rehab for six months and lived in a second stage house through the rehab for a year. Then I got a girlfriend and moved into a place with her. She never had a job or contributed but I still cared for her. 7months of living together and complaining she doesn't like the city we are in so finally I accept her concerns and we move to a bigger city. We live in a house with 16 other people for three months filled with drugs and violence (I lived in the shed for awhile with my girlfriend haha) then we moved in with her friend and her boyfriend then my girlfriend starts fighting with her friend (me and the dude stayed cool and we were the ones paying the bills). So I couldn't take the hostility and I moved back home and drug my girlfriend with me. We moved to her friends in the hood as she was a single mother and had an extra room for us. Then it all went South. Drugs started coming into the house and I wanted nothing to do with it. I escaped to my best friend's house as much as I could and hid in my bedroom. Then one day my girlfriend after she was up all night high with her friend told me she thinks it's best for me to move out so I freak out because I pay the rent..... In the end I went to my best friend's and him and my other friend let me move in instantly. She was no longer my girlfriend I have three years of sobriety. I'm medicated for my mental disorders. I still live with my best friend. But I can't seem to talk to girls anymore it seems like now that I don't do drugs or talk to anyone who does girls aren't interested. I can't get off my ass to get working again and I'm living off disability.  I literally think about how worthless my life is everyday. I make suicidal jokes with my friends but assure them I'm not serious. I don't know what to do with myself....