24(f) with no futureI usually don't post on reddit, kind of scared to thanks to social anxiety leaking into the virtual world as well. But I have nowhere else to turn to right now so I'm forcing myself to post here.

I wholeheartedly believe I have no future. 

I am unemployed, and have no skills employers find desirable(I have been applying to many places for the past three years, trying different tips and tricks I found on the internet on how to make applications more likely to catch an employers eye, listing only relevant past jobs and volunteer work I did in highschool, and am still lucky to just get an email to let me know they don't want me).

I am absolutely dependent on my father for financial support as I don't have a single penny to my name nor a driver's license, but he only makes my emotional and mental state worse.

On the daily, he finds any small reason to blow up and tell me how much of a burden I am, despite doing everything he asks me to do. Dog had a small accident in the hallway, even though I walked them three-four times in two hours like he asked? Obviously I'm at fault and am a useless b!tch, I must have not walked them and lied about it. That's just one example.

He makes me feel like such dead weight, I feel guilty for even eating. So I don't. Why waste precious food that he spent his hard-earned money for on me? I'm already wasting his money by just using the toilet and showering, water bills are a thing.

And God forbid I try to tell him how I'm feeling. Somehow he'll turn it on me, saying I'm crazy, that I'm being disrespectful and ungrateful, that I shouldn't complain because he's keeping a roof over my head.

If I'm this much trouble, maybe everyone would be better off if I just died. No one would have to deal with me again. No one would ever have to carry me again and be disappointed in me again. I'm sick of being a let down. I'm sick of having to face a future that is nothing but a dead-end in a dark hallway.

I'm sorry if I made this too long. I just have nowhere else to express all of this and not be afraid...