I'm reaching the end of my rope. SuicideWatch, I originally made this throwaway to post in another subreddit, but I'm using it for this. Because for most of today, I have truly wished I was dead. I feel like my life is going down the tubes and I have no one to turn to about it, at least not at the moment. I don't have a noose or a bottle of pills or anything prepared but...I'm losing hope, and I need someone to help me. 

I'm 21, a senior in college. I had more-or-less the perfect life, and about two years ago, it went to shit. I experienced a traumatic event, and it sent me into a depression that has fucked up my existence.  Now my GPA is shit. I failed a class for the first time this semester, it was important and I will need to retake it. This is my first time I've ever failed anything. I don't know what to do. It's like...I want to do well, and I love my major, but somehow I just have a hard time finding the energy to do so outside of the classroom. I use a planner but I often forget important things, even when I write them down, and that influences my grade as well. I'm not stupid, I have at least a B- in all my other classes. But I used to be really competent, and now it's like my brain is fucking broken. 

Other shit has happened this semester too. I had a pretty sweet on-campus job that gave me plenty of money to live off of in semesters past, but this semester the assholes in charge hired twice as many more people to replace the ones that graduated. I only ended up keeping 1/3 of my usual hours, and I've had to take up extra shifts to make enough money to live off of (which is still significantly less than I was making before). It's a night job, so as a result my sleep schedule is all kinds of screwed up from the irregular hours, which doesn't help my study habits any. Of course, what spurred this breakdown is realizing that if my GPA gets much lower, I'll be forced to quit, and will have *no* source of income. 

I was seeing a counselor at the university for free, but that got ruined. There were so many more students accepted this year that they had to make a rule limiting each student to 8 sessions a semester. So I felt I had to pick and choose what weeks I went ("Well, this thing is upsetting me but it's not upsetting me that much, so maybe it should wait...") and I wasn't able to get the care I needed. In addition, my counselor that I was assigned was a devout Christian and I'm a queer atheist so that didn't go over well. Not to mention the fact that if you so much as mention having suicidal thoughts, the university calls the hospital and you might wind up getting involuntarily committed. 

Additionally, I was sexually abused over a year ago, and I keep running into my abuser. He's not a student here, but he comes onto my campus to pick up women. None of my friends know that he sexually abused me and they think he's awesome. But every time I see him, it makes me sick. I'm so full of anger toward him and I just want to punch him in the face. Occasionally I will get "flashes" of memories of him sexually abusing me, and it's all I can think about for awhile, which is distressing. 

I feel like I can't confide anything to my best friend anymore. We are so close, but the last time I opened up to her about something like this, she told others how I was "so fragile" and needed help and all this other stuff that made me really pissed. So I don't trust her like I used to. 

Then there's my family, who are full of issues of their own. Against my will, I was outed as a lesbian a year ago, and I have to deal with comments all the time basically saying that I just need a good dicking to "fix" it. My grandmother throws Bible crap at me all the time and tells me I need Jesus to save me. I hate being around her at times because I am constantly waiting for the next Holy Sales Pitch. My mother thinks the reason that I'm a lesbian is because I was sexually abused and perceive women as "safer" (which is incorrect, my feelings of homosexuality occurred before the abuse). Of course I can't be too angry at her, because she was diagnosed with cervical cancer last month and it's too soon to tell how bad it is or what treatments they should try. I don't agree with my mom on some things, but I don't want her to die. 

I've always tried hard to get good grades and generally be successful in academics. My parents taught me it was the key to having a good life. My plan was to attend graduate school but I don't know how I'll ever get in with these shitty marks. The only thing that keeps me going is that after I graduate, I have a plan to move several states away with two of my loved ones, to take time off and do some internships to build up my experience, in the hopes it will help me get into grad school. But right now, it just seems so far away. I feel powerless in my life. I've made so many efforts to make my life better but I can never seem to stick with any of them. I want to know how to get that "awesome me" from two years ago back so I can turn my life around. And then I realize I can't and it's all for nothing. I am so overwhelmed with all this negativity and pain and bad luck in my life. I just want it to stop but I don't foresee it getting any better. I've tried to stay positive. But on days like today, it's hard, and I wonder why I even bother to live. I just want this pain to stop and I don't want to know what "bad thing" is going to happen next to throw me for a loop. I've never said it to anyone before, but...I want to be dead right now. I want to give up so the world will finally leave me alone. 
