Im giving myself 1 month.Ive decided to give myself 1 month. Im going to live my life to the best I can, not caring of the consequences. I will go to work. I will try to be a good friend. I will be brave for 1 more month. 11 years of feeling like this I think is a solid amount of time to try. I've put everything into getting better. Ive done the therapy, the medication, the drugs, the alcohol and relationships. 

Lets start from the start. My life is a rollercoaster of fuckery. It started when I was 7. My life was dysfunction incarnate. My father was in the army and when he came home, my mother found out he fucked women wherever he was in the world at that time. My father then proceeded to take his anger out on me and my brother, but mostly my brother. When he was home it was tears, toxicity and screaming. I liked when he wasnt there. It was better. 

Then my 8th year on this earth graced its ugly head. Divorce, bruises, hospital visits, homelessness and screams in the middle of the night. I hated my father for that. I hated that when he was home it was a war zone. I hated that he sat me down, looked me in the eyes and asked me "Who do you like more, me or your mother? This will be who you live with now." And I hated myself for running to my mother. 

This is when the voices begun. Where in my quiet time I would hear "You're not good enough. You're the worst daughter. How could you do that" and just general screaming. When youre 8, you dont know what that is. You are wondering who is talking, so much so i brought it up with my father. He didnt believe me. He thought it was a way of me getting his attention. 

Lets fast forward to 10. I made a friend. I made the best friend I ever had. He was my stepbrother. 19 and marvelous in my eyes. He was many things, but most of all, he cared about me. He would hold me when I was crying and make me feel better by playing the new slipknot album and moshing. He would wake me up in the morning and make me breakfast. He was the first genuine person I had ever come across. To me he could do no wrong. He was everything my actual brother was not. I idolised him. 
Then came the day he was kicked out. I was devastated. I made his dad bring him home. Lucky for me he did. 

Thats when I first heard the word "suicide". I dont remember how it came up but I remember clearly "i just want to commit suicide". I asked him and he said "Its when you do something to hurt yourself and you will die". 
After that night, I didnt see him for a very long time. His father had him committed, which caused my step brothers mental break. He got better and broke again. This time he lashed out and hit his dad over the back with a cricket bat. His dad and my mum broke up and I didnt see him for a long time.
I saw him twice after that when I was 13. I went and visted him at the hospital and made sure he was okay. He always said he was. He never showed me the pain. My mother found out and told the hospital that I wasnt able to see him because he is dangerous. He was never a threat to me. He was my best friend. At the age of 14, on December 12th 2006, I found out that my friend has killed himself 2 months prior. My whole world flipped. I didnt get to say goodbye. I wanted to know where he was buried, so I asked his father. His own father said to me "I dont know where that piece of shit is buried. I told your mum to come to the funeral but she refused". My own mother knew our relationship and didnt even give me the courtesy to tell me he died. I found out that he had hung himself in his hospital appointed halfway house. That fucked me up. 

Life took another turn for the worse the next year. My mother took up methamphetamines. Speed, ice, gear. Whatever you want to call it, If she could inject it, she did. At this time her girlfriend just gained custody of her 2 nephews. 8 &amp; 11 years of age. (Heres the fucked part, she was given custody because her sister was on the shit too). So at 14/15, dealing with my best friends death, I had to raise 2 young, angsty boys &amp; and deal with a drug fucked mother. I was over it. I had dropped the boys to school and I went to the police station. I told them about the drugs and that those boys are not to go back. I then called my dad, who had cleaned up his act at this point. I went with him to his home 2 hours away with only my school uniform. I was there for a week and decided that I need to get out and move in tlwith my dad. I went back to my mothers to get things and I walked into a horror scene. Blood up the walls, the house trashed, broken glass and porcelain everywhere. I froze. I dont remember from there but my dad told me I didnt move. He got my things and we left. Got out of dodge. My mother took a coffee mug and broker it over her girlfriends head, in which he girlfriend proceeded to get a knife and try and slash her own throat. All in front of these boys. I later found out that the police never got the boys. Never searched the house. Never gave a shit. I lost all faith in the justice system from there. 

The voices came back. This time worse than ever. Saying things I learned to believe after a time. I told my dad again. He didnt help. 

At 16, I had my first thought of committing suicide. The rush of calmness that swept over me was overwhelming, but I still remember it. Its the same feeling I have had most days since. I never tried to kill myself until later that year. I harmed myself and blacked out a few times but it never worked. 

I moved back with my mum and lived in a tent with her and helped her detox. We got back on track. She got a job and we got a housing commission home within 9 months. I finally felt okay. I was on meds for the voices and was working to help support our h o me. I felt like maybe I could be normal. 

Until the rape. 

I was seeing this older guy and I was meant to go to his place. He bailed on me so I went to a party with my 'friend' instead. I had a beer and a shot of tequlia. I remember coming to with 2 adult men ontop of me taking turns, and I couldnt move. It was paralysis. I couldnt say anything nor move. I doubt they knew I was concious. When they were done with me they took me out to the backyard and left me there. I managed to find my way to the boyfriends house and told him. I fell in love with him then and there. He showered me and dressed me and took me home. My mother and her new girlfriend asked me if I remember where his house was, which i did. They drove me to the rapists home and the proceeded to destroy his home. I remember being in the back of the car, lying down and just hearing yells and crashing sounds. Nothing was not broken, including his arm and nose. I didnt go to the police, and nor did they. A week later I tried to kill myself for the first time. I jumped off our roof head first. Only managed a broken collar bone. To everyone I slipped, but to me it was the first. 

At this point I was 18. Has my first long term boyfriend. Emotionally abusive and controlling. I thought that was love. It was all I ever knew. If a man abuses you, it means he loves you. 

Thats when I met the love of my life. We were just friends but did he make me laugh. I could just talk to him. We would flirt but nothing bad.

When the boyfriend broke up with me, within the week I was with my friend, lets call him pickle. Pickle and I moved fast. He was living with me within 3 months. I was with him for 8 years. I am 27. Thats over a third of my lifetime. We were amazing. He was attentive and funny. Handsome and smart. Nerdy and sexy. The perfect human and we had a perfect relationship. I got a degree, started saving money, looking after myself and found my passion. It was the first time in my life where everything was okay. And yet, I had the constant urge to kill myself. I told him about this and he supported me (I know. Perfection). He got me into therapy and came with me to the doctors appointments and did everything to help me. It was never enough. 

I had an amzing therapist who took her time with me and it felt like she helped for a while. But therapy is like a weight loss pill. It works while youre going but when you stop, thats when all that weight comes back. She helped me realise that my life is fucked. I know that was not her intention but it opened my eyes to the realisation, I wont make it to 30. 

Pickle and I broke up. He initiated it, however I okay with it being over. I knew this day would come and I had prepared myself. I was going to before I killed myself anyways. I was going to 6 months before my chosen death date. He just beat me to the punch. Its been a few months now and the voices are back. The sleepless nights. The isolation. The pain. All back and worse than ever. Ive decided tk stop taling medication and give myself 1 month. 

To bring it all back, I first attempted suicide at the age of 16 and it didnt work. I do not over exaggerate when I say that I have thought about it every day.l for 11 years. Every. Damn. Day. 4,015 days of this. Ive done all I can. I am giving up. Throwing the towel in. 

If you have made it this far, I thank you for letting me vent to you. I hope you understand. 

On the first of June, in the year 2019, I plan to drive as far as I can away from here and end my life.