I have considered suicide for over the past decade, but this year has been the worst.Hey guys. I am 28-yr-old female and I'm considering taking my own life soon. I always thought I would wait until my parents weren't around anymore, but I just don't know if I can keep going like this. 

I have hated myself since I was 4, and it's only gotten every day. When I turned 20, things got a little better for me, but now that I'm turning 29 in the next few months, I feel like I'm becoming really ugly and disgusting. I've never felt pretty and I've always had low self-esteem, but I really thought (for whatever silly reason) that I would get to experience having confidence for once in my life before I got to be old. 

And I know this sounds superficial and I shouldn't have my entire identity wrapped up in my appearance (and I don't), but I have already started avoiding the mirror entirely (I'm not joking - every time I wash my hands, I keep my eyes closed) and I am just feeling myself getting uglier now. 

What is sad is that I'm actually a pretty intelligent person and am a great pianist and singer, but I never got a chance to really use these skills because of my low self-esteem and because I assumed I was too ugly and fat to ever go anywhere with music. 

I do have a good job now and had considered applying to med school this year, but I just don't know if I can keep going hating myself like this. No one should despise themselves this much. 

My inner monologue is just awful. It is filled with all of the negative self-deprecating crap, like: "You are ugly." "You are nothing." "Everyone hates you." "You don't deserve anything, especially not for anyone to be nice to you." "You need to do this." 

My self-hate has interfered with everything in my life. I hate how I look and I hate how I care so much about how I look and I hate me. I am a nice person but I can't take this anymore. 

I am ashamed to see anyone these days. I am honestly ashamed to even go home from work right now because I don't want my boyfriend to even have to look at me. I feel so bad, like I am letting him down looking this ugly. I know he must hate me too. 

What's worse is that, until recently, I thought my appearance had started to *slightly* improve, but then last week I had the shocking revelation that I look like an older man or something. It's disgusting. 

Anyway, I know this post was all over the place. I appreciate the opportunity just to get this out there, somewhere. Thank you. 