How do I pull myself out of this mess? Unemployed, no license, no wheels, no education, drug charges.I'm a 23 year old male, and I live in a very high unemployment area (highest in my state), there is just no work here. I've lived a very unusual and isolated life since I was born, and literally only have one friend, and I just can't talk to him about this.  
  
I don't have a license because of a DUI I got, while drinking away my sorrows from my brother's suicide (stupid me, I know) I haven't had one in a few years now, and no job for just as long, because I lost my well-paying job (not-so-well, but im poor) due to this issue. I've had job interviews, that seemed to go well, until they find out I have drug charges and a DUI.  
  
I have no education. Not even high school, as in never made it past 8th grade.  
  
I am a failure as a family member, and member of society. I think I've made every wrong decision there has been to make in my life. The worst part is, I know all my problems are my fault, so when sitting here in misery I have no one to blame for my short-comings but myself.  
  
I get no joy out of my life.  It's not even sadness, I don't think, I don't think  I even have feelings any more.  
  
I first started realizing I was depressed around 10 or 11, but I didn't fully understand what it meant then. I would see all the other kids happy, and their lunchboxes, and cool clothes. Talking about TV shows I'd never heard of, and music I'd never heard of. I was "homeless" for a good majority of my child hood, including living on the streets from 15 until I turned 18.  
  
So, about 3 months ago I had to start selling off my stuff in order to make ends meet, and now it's all gone. I sold my freakin tools man, because they were all I had left and I had no work to make money with them anyway. I sold my car because I couldn't drive it anyway. The hardest part was selling my tools, they were how I existed. They were one of the few things I've ever had an emotional attachment to on this earth, as weird as that sounds. I earned every last one of them myself, and they were my existence.  
  
I'm alone. I don't have anything, not even hope for the future anymore.  I started ti try and talk to a few people, and they just say, "aww it'll get better." Since I was a kid I've heard this, and it hasn't. There have been better times, but even then I was unhappy. The only thing I've noticed is as I get older, people care less. That's a hard truth to swallow, because I really do care about my life, and want to be happy, but I just don't know how.  
  
At this point I'm about ready to wash my hands of everything. Every year goes by, "itll get better, itll get better", and every year, I just can't wait for that year to be over. I will not live like this until I'm 25.  
  
Where do I even get started? How do I be a productive member of society? How do I enjoy my life?