What's that annoying, nagging thing that stops you from doing it every time?I've been teetering on suicidal my whole life. I'm currently 22, the first time I attempted (and failed horribly) was when I was 14. Then again a few times around 16/17. At that point I would've done it too if I could've found the means to do it, because my big thing was that I was terrified of physical pain. 

Now I'm less terrified of physical pain and it'd be a lot easier for me to just do it, but something seems to stop me every time. The last year has been horrible for me. I moved to back to my home town and have had to deal with my abusive father for the first time in years since I moved out of his house at 17. Fell into drugs (under control now), had my car stolen, gotten pregnant &amp; had an abortion, just got fired recently, had some shitty experiences with people I thought were close friends, been robbed, and just been in overall dangerous situations all year. I live my life between extreme depression and extreme anxiety/paranoia. 

Lately what holds me back is A) my baby sister is around 12 now and we've actually started talking a little. My parents are kind of a nightmare to deal with and I know I'm the only sane person in her life. I love her like crazy and I worry about the repercussions my death would have on her. B) My ex boyfriend who is an angel and cares about me deeply. He would be devastated if I was gone. He really does try to be there for me but he's extremely busy and we live in different states. And on top of that, he no longer has any romantic feelings for me, mainly because of my bullshit but he claims it's because he's going through some internal process and to just give him time and they'll most likely come back. I don't know if he's just saying that to keep me from hurting myself, because regardless of lack of romantic feelings he's really attached to me. And it just hurts to cling on to the hope yaknow, because I do love him. But the hope kind of keeps me from going anywhere. But shit, even if he was lying I can't cope with the guilt of what it would do to him if I died. 

I'm just so exhausted though. Like honestly truly I don't have energy to get through life, I don't want to do it. I want to die. A lot of the bullshit this last year was because I put myself in bad situations and I'm trying to move away and get out of them, but the depression has been consistent regardless of what kind of situation I was in throughout my life. I'm pretty sure I have some sort of mental illness, never had health insurance or any means of seeing a therapist or anything. My biological mom was in and out of a mental asylum for 10 years, my family says schizophrenia but I suspect borderline. And I'm starting to worry that it's hereditary because I've been getting crazy levels of paranoia lately, thinkin the feds are after me &amp; shit (Also could just, again, be lifestyle choices.) But shit something is wrong because I keep fucking up friendships, ruining my reputation, etc. My last boss told me his reason for firing me was literally that my "vibe" was off. That's the kind of stuff that really makes me think something is seriously wrong with me, because I know from the bottom of my heart that I'm at least not a malicious person. 

I don't know I guess I'm all over the place. I just needed to vent I think. My closest friends know I'm suicidal but tbh they're just kind of tired of hearing about it. Nobody in my life wants to deal with my negativity really. I just feel inadequate; survival is difficult for me. I don't have any real support system, financially or emotionally.