I know that the only way I will ever die is by my own handsSince middle school I’ve felt always dealt with the thought of suicide, it just seemed the perfect way out. I wouldn’t have to worry about my future I wouldn’t have to worry about anything, all the problems in the world all the feelings and emotions wouldn’t matter because everything can finally end in a second. In highschool I tried to suppress my feelings with drugs, drinking and partying and in college I just carried on partying and masking my emotions with drugs. I went out to do everything I’ve wanted; I’ve gone out to state parks, I’ve skydived, I joined a fraternity, I vacationed out of the country multiple times, but all those events just felt like temporary happiness. My brain cannot stay in a state of joy and I know someone else in my shoes would have an amazing life. I have great friends and family but I don’t think they truly understand how I feel and what I go through every night. I know sometimes I completely fail my parents but in my household, and the background my parents come from, mental health is never discussed it’s more of a taboo. I have no one else to talk to about my mental health, my ex girlfriend understands a little bit but ever since I have broken up with her it has gotten worse. She was the only and last person that truly knew how I felt and since we been broken up there is no one to talk to. My best friends will say they are there for me and have my back but I do not think they truly understand the scope of my depression. It’s a shadow that won’t leave me it’s a shadow that’s always there and nagging me. Every high I have in this life is eventually followed by a deep and darker low. I know the only way out is by putting a gun to my head. I sometimes have pleasant dreams where I end my life but then at that instant I wake up. I always think that if there is a pistol or shotgun in front of me, and because where I live most households have one, I should grab it and just end my stupid fucking misery. I tried loving someone as a cure but my dumb fucking emotions screwed that up, I’ve been using all sorts of drugs as a cure, psychedelics, thc, stimulants, etc. and those are only temporary. The only thing that helps me sometimes is music, but those feelings of joy only last for so long. I don’t know what I’m going to do anymore. I know I will eventually die by my own hands, it’s only a matter of time. I’ll just be another infinitely worthless speck in the timeline of human history. My existence does not matter, and because of that thought it almost brings me joy. I think my greatest joy will be the seconds before i off myself. I have no one else to tell this. No person with a degree in psychology or therapy can help me. I felt on this night something out there or someone out there can read my thoughts. I don’t know when it will happen, but it will happen soon