I have no reason to do it other than I'm tired of this fight.I have friends that care about me, I have a partner who adores me and I know that if I were to leave, it would break their heart. I just started getting somewhere in my life (just started a tattooing career and am doing fairly well...mostly). I am finally doing something creative with my life which is something I've always wanted. 

But I've had chronic depression and anxiety for over half of my life now. I've been through about 5+ years of therapy until my therapists had said there's really not much else they can teach me to manager my symptoms. I'm on medication, and have tried over a dozen medications until I found the ones I'm on that help most of the time. But they only seem to help me with the chronic "I want to kill myself" daily haunting desire that I used to experience. I still get it, though few and far between, but when I do it's really heavy and seems like the only option. 

Situational depression seems to affect me most. I am mourning the loss of my 2nd partner (I'm poly). It's my fault things went wrong, but I still really love them and my heart is aching about it. Also, I just had recent tattoos I did receive constructive criticism...well. That's what it should have been, but I guess I am just too sensitive. My whole childhood I was supposed to be perfect at everything and if not I was a failure. Guess it's still carried over into adulthood and I take criticism pretty roughly. 

The long and short of it is...today was another really down day. I've been getting a lot more of these lately. I really just want to not be here. The world gets me down. Especially seeing how people treat animals and how it's impacting the environment. I don't want to be on this planet anymore.

Logically I know I am a good person, deep down, that has a lot going for them. Emotionally I am drained, my friends are tired of hearing about me being depressed. I just want to end things already. But logically I know it would only bring others more pain. It almost feels like sometimes suicide is the only thing that makes sense to do, the only way I'm supposed to die. 

Anyone have thoughts? I am so tired of fighting.