How do you go on knowing nothing lasts, yet nothing will change?Days like today kinda remind me why having the courage to end things would be ideal.

As an adult living with family, it's not a very dignified feeling at the best of times. I admit that my independence is lacking -I have spent so much time trying to cope with anxiety issues, OCD, gender dysphoria, depression etc over the years that I essentially paused my life when I left school. I waited to get better. Therapy or whatever. It's fine I'd be OK again one day and carry on....

Better never happened. Actually in many ways things got worse; I got older. Depression took hold more. Anxiety improved, then got worse. My OCD symptoms are better I guess. That's something? I transitioned. Doing that at home was not un-stressful (one half of my family wasn't on board with this, but I'd tried to come out to them 5 years previously and I was desperate at that point).

I'm well aware that I seem to spend all of my energy trying to feel OK. I'm selfish. I know I must seem selfish.

If I lived alone would I feed myself? Probably not. When I'm anxious I don't eat, and I don't always notice this fact. And being depressed is like, well I wake up tired and try to manage my thoughts through the day. Feeling numb isn't uncommon, actually it's pretty common. I feel numb, or anxious. OR everything (which results in me crying in the bathroom at night cutting myself. Sounds dramatic but you know; it's what happens what else can I say?).

So there is that. I didn't really have friendships until this last few years and that's what's kept me going. But I know they won't last forever, and honestly they came at the right time. You could almost call it "fate" if you believe in such things as I was exploring suicide options and attempting methods around this time. Having someone care about me, as a person, made me feel like things were worth sticking around for. I tried to embrace something positive.

But as I said. It won't last forever, I realise the limitations and I essentially drop in and out of their lives. They don't really need me around, they are just nice people and have been kind. They have their own (full) lives.

Anyway. I'm going off... honestly I could write pages and pages attempting to explain my ridiculous ass life and it would be a mess and a headache to read and probably still wouldn't be accurate. So let me just get off 'back story' and move to today's trivial sounding events....

Random dentist appointment. I got anxious and took off my throw-over jacket when the dentist asked to 'put my things in the spare chair' and that exposed my bare arms which ....well have cuts &amp; scars. Generally I don't care but there were a few fresh ones and I suddenly felt like the biggest idiot. As I laid in the chair trying to cover my arm with the paper thing they give you, I was noticing the nurse out of the corner of my eye glancing down for a long look. I imagine after I left that was an interesting conversation they had.

But the dentist, asked to see HIS records. She used my name? But asked for HIS records? I'm not mad. I don't care. No doubt she didn't do it on purpose, which is worse as it just reminded me of some reality.... I'll always be a "tranny". Something the majority of people either hate, or don't understand. Like my father. I'll always be different in a bad way. A click away from a hateful comment on Facebook, reminding me that some people would like to toss me off a building for... well just for being born I guess.

Which brings me to home. An impromptu discussion -well I sat and listened- my father explain why my life sucks, how I'm selfish and why it's 'my choice' to be like this. Essentially my family don't understand why I don't seem to 'care' about anything anymore (well, I've been trying to work up to suicide for a while so general gardening chores don't seem so meaningful). I've tried to talk to them about it in the past, I wrote them a letter once but it didn't seem to help any. It's just hard all round.

The act of suicide would hurt them.... but there is no doubt they would essentially be better off without me around. There is more to this conversation, including some family drama &amp; stuff I can't go into, but I'd be here for days trying to explain all this. I'm just saying, I'm selfish and worthless and other people think so too. The people who have known me for all of my life... 

It just reminds me. It's stuff like this that make it feel more justified to actually die. I am comfortable cutting myself, and I know where I can cut to do the most damage if I needed to.

So why don't I?

I keep asking myself that. The answer gets weaker each time.

*You guys don't need to reply to this, spend the time to help someone else that needs more please. I just need to say something -somewhere.*