I don't know what to do anymoreI'm 18 years old. Just started college. Already struggling. I'm only in Intermid Algebra, supposedly easier than Calculus (which is required for my major). Speaking of, my college grant was reduced due to technical errors and now instead of tutition being covered plus a thousand+ check, I'm just getting tuition plus a $100 check. The check isn't even enough to cover the textbooks. Half of my entire lifesavings was spent on books and supplies for **this semester alone**. I have no idea what I'm doing next year. That's also with me taking the maxium government subsidized loan. Don't even have a credit card but I'm already in debt. 

Money-wise, can't hold down a well paying job either. Working a semi-part-time computer job the last year pays a mere $80/week. Enough to cover gas and insurance, but no extra money after that. Tried to work at a coffee shop, couldn't stand the customers. Quit after two months after a nervous breakdown. Just started a retail gig last week. Broke down tonight and quit not even an hour ago. I can't do it. I can't do customer service. I can't stand people. It's not for me. I cried, I feel like a major failure.  It's supposed to be an easy job but I can't deal with the people anymore.  And it seems nowadays every job *requires* people skills. I'm fucked. I'm extremely introverted, I can't fucking deal with people.

I struggle with an addiction problem as well. Used to be a daily weed smoker. Quit smoking this year after having a major anxiety attack after combining vodka + energy drinks + too much weed. I know it wasn't healthy, but I hated myself so much at the time. Yes I still drink. Not as much as before, but I still go through a case of beer every two weekends on my own. I tell myself I don't have a drinking problem, but if I didn't have beer on the weekends to look forward to I honestly feel I wouldn't have anything else to live for. 

If that's still not enough, I'm struggling with my weight. I tried rigorous dieting and exercise regimines. Loose a little and gain even more back. I'm large enough that I get funny looks and giggles. I just hang my head in shame and tried to ignore it, but it still hurts. I tried so hard, but nobody could ever tell. I've been made fun of several times for it. The doctor said the only solution is surgery,  but I can't afford it and my current health insurance company doesn't see the procedure as being medically required.  Fuck them to.

I don't know what to do anymore. I've currently got enough booze to kill Andre the Giant. I just finished the last beer in my six pack. I think I'm just going to keep drinking until I'm all empty, opening the bottle of hard liquor as I type this. If that still doesn't do the trick there's always a bridge in walking distance. I don't feel there's anymore options for me.

Goodbye Reddit. You were the only friend I've had these past few years.