My final goodbyeIt’s come to my realization recently there is an almost zero chance that I will ever have the life that I’ve been trying to manifest for the last decade and I’m simply not okay with that. I’m no closer to success today than I was 20 years ago and I’m not going to spend the rest of my life hoping and praying and visualizing that a life that is tolerable will somehow magically happen to me. It’s become painfully clear that visualization is bullshit. I am so tired of struggling. Always having nothing. I’ve been in debt literally my entire adult life. Even with two bankruptcies I can’t seem to get my shit together. Every time I try something new to dig my way out it goes to hell. Constant repeated failure really is no longer acceptable to me. I will no longer live with debt that cannot be erased regardless of what I do to try - I’m so tired of the overwhelming stress that comes with that - It’s been literally my entire fucking life. I don’t remember a time that I wasn’t in debt and I don’t remember a time that I haven’t been stressed about finances. It seems as though that the universe has decided, without me, that I am not allowed to be successful financially because literally nothing works out for me regardless how much I want it or how hard I try for it.  
About a year ago I had what I would call a spiritual awakening. A realization that we are all connected and that our consciousness is eternal but our time here on earth is only temporary. I believe we choose our lives before we get here and everybody has a mission that is spelled out before we’re born. The bonds we create on earth are actually created long before we’re ever even conceived. We all have a pre-destine mission in life and the universe will push us in a the direction we need to go but we are given free will in order to achieve your life mission. I’ve had a lot of amazing opportunities in my life, many of which I have completely fucked up beyond what I can ever recover from. I’ve done stupid things, said stupid things and I’ve hurt people that I was supposed to walk this life with. It’s unfortunate because I know I could have achieved great things with the right partner and proper support. I just got tired of waiting and too proud to ask for more help at this point. 
Time for a reset. 
Please also know that there is absolutely nothing that anybody close to me could’ve done to prevent this - literally nothing - so you have absolutely no reason to feel bad or have any thought of “I should’ve or could’ve or would’ve” done something had I only known how bad he was. 
I’m so sorry to my family and friends and mostly my nephews. I promise that no matter what I will always look out for all of you from the other side. 
I love you 
R ✌️
PS please do NOT have a funeral for me. I don’t want anyones money spent on a ridiculous party to celebrate a failed life. Also, I wouldn’t bother dealing with the CRA or the bankruptcy. You’ll only find insurmountably crushing debt that’s pretty much un-erasable anyway... believe me I’ve tried. I’m so sorry if my passing has caused any financial strain to anybody. I have nothing to offer financially but maybe you can sell some of my belongings to cover any expenses that come up from this.
Again, I’m so sorry. I just can’t live like this anymore.