Alone in a foreign countryLast week I went on my first holiday overseas to Croatia. I don't remember being happy this year once. And I thought this was my chance. I've met two friends online, one in Poland and one in Croatia. And since I work and live remotely I don't really have friends other then these two who have always been there for the past 3 years even when I am isolated. The last time I hang out with a friend was March this year when I went back to my old town where I grew up and saw old friends. I was really excited to meet and spend time with them finally and its what I've waited to do the past 3 years. I booked my flight to Poland after talking with my friend and she said we could meet, and for a week of my stay I can stay at her place. Then after I paid for it she changed her mind and she didn't want to meet me. So I booked a flight to Croatia as soon as I land in Poland after talking with my friend in Zagreb, and she said she'd like to meet and we can hang out on weekends and spend some weeknights together. After landing in Zagreb and catching a taxi to where she studies, I waited till she finished but unfortunately she wasn't there. And this happened for the next two nights, we planned to meet and I would wait in the rain for her. And every time she didn't show. After an argument she ended up blocking me and now I've been sitting in Zagreb in my apartment for the last week. I've barely left as I have no motivation to and I'm scared. I'm scared about being in the city and I live away from society, I've gotten used to not being a member of society and keeping to myself and I can't bring myself to go out into town and see the sites. I was relying on her to show me around, and it was really the whole reason I came was to spend time with my two friends and they ended up both blocking me. It was my fault, I would get angry about the situation and take my anger out on them and I think they had every right to block me and never talk to me again. It just hurts that I came so far, and spent so much money on meeting my friends and they couldn't even give me a chance to meet. I've been suicidal for the past 3 or 4 years but I've never really wanted to go through with it, I always just wished I would be involved in an accident. Now as I sit here in a foreign country alone, with no one and the two people who have always been here for me the past 3 years have left I really just want to end it all. I don't want to be here anymore, no one really does care and they won't until I'm gone. I tried to tell them both before they blocked me how I fault but I guess they just don't believe I would do something like that. I'm just tired and done... and all I wanted was to spend time with a friend.