I've had a really bad past couple of monthsI'm gonna throw a trigger warning here just in case: the following post deals with drug addiction, clinical depression/anxiety, and post traumatic stress. This is a long story, sorry in advance 

May 26th, 2018 was the beginning of the worst couple months of my (21M) life, but it didn't start out that way. My girlfriend ("J", 20F) and I were leaving to go to our 2nd anniversary dinner that we had planned. We were very madly in love and were looking forward to a good night. As we were preparing to leave, 2 paramedic vehicles, an ambulance, a fire truck, and 2 or 3 cop cars came out of nowhere and parked at the house across the street. 

This house was where J's best childhood friend (C) lived. C and I always got along well, she was very easy to talk to and had a very similar sense of humor to J and I. C had some problems with hard drugs, her way of dealing with a tragedy in her youth that I won't get into. It didn't get *bad* until December, but she got clean after moving back in with her mom a couple months later. J and C grew up together, and were both only children. J had always looked up to C as an older sister. I would visit J's house every day, and more often than not, C was on her porch having a cigarette and we'd always say hi. 

You can probably see where this story is going. Apparently C's mom and her got into an ugly argument the night before. The next day, C's mom thought it was odd that C was still asleep when she got home from work (5pm). After knocking on her locked bedroom door and getting no response, she kicked in the door to see her daughter, dead for hours with a needle in her arm.

J's mom went across the street to talk to one of the cops, wondering what happened. She then broke the news to J and I. I've never, ever, ever heard screaming and crying like that in my life from someone. I hope I never have to again, especially from someone I love so much. I did my best to comfort her. She started to calm down, and we both, against our better judgment, looked out the window. The cops and paramedics were wheeling her body out on a (covered) gurney. I will never, ever forget that image. I've thought about it many times, every single day since May 26th.

Both J and I suffer from serious depression and anxiety, her moreso than I. She did not deal with this event well. She never left bed for anything other than work, cried every day, became very attached to her mother, and became very emotionally distant with me. I used to be the person that could talk her down from anything, but this time I couldn't do anything. I didn't deal with it all that much better, to be honest. I drank every night for a month after that. I nearly drank myself to death on July 4th, which was not intentional. I had to get my stomach pumped at the hospital. 

The next morning, she came over to my house and we had a very long, unpleasant discussion. She began by being very mad at me for being so reckless with substances, especially after what happened to C. It wasn't long before we were both sobbing in each other's arms. She told me that she knew that her being distant with me was hurting me (it was), and that even though she loved me, I deserved someone who "didn't have a broken brain". I was stunned. She left.

Within 10 minutes she called me, sobbing, saying that she made a terrible mistake. She asked to come back. We made up. She promised me things would be different, and better. It was the last "good" night we had together. On July 31st, I realized I had only seen her for 5 days during that whole month. She "wasn't up to having anyone around". 

She said i could come over that night. I asked her if her being distant to me was because I reminded her of that day. She said that she really appreciated my being there for her that day, and my persistent attempts to help her feel better did not go unnoticed or unappreciated. She said she loved me more than anyone else on earth, but whenever she saw me, all she could think of was C's body being rolled out of the front door of her house, never to be seen again. I said the same thing. Every time I saw her I relived it. We broke up for good that night.

What makes tonight particularly bad though, is that today is J's 21st birthday. J and I spent a decent amount of time planning it. We had tickets to see Childish Gambino, and we were gonna go out to some bars in the city. I completely forgot it was today until I saw my friend's snapchat story. He was given my ticket. I'm absolutely not mad at her, or both of them for that matter, they're good friends, and my friend is already happily in a long term relationship. This is the first time J left the house for something non-work or school related since C's death. I am very happy for her that she was able to have fun tonight. 

I just feel so fucking awful. I feel worse than I did on the night we broke up. I miss her so fucking much. I miss the good times so fucking much. I have amazing friends and loving, supportive parents but I have never felt more lonely in my entire life. I don't think I'm currently a danger to myself, but I honestly just want to fucking die and never have to deal with this pain. We were each other's best friend for so long (we were friends for years before dating). All I've wanted to do today is just lie in bed and vomit until I die. I've nearly starved to death due to GI issues, and I've passed massive kidney stones, but somehow this hurts way more than any of that. She was there with me throughout it all, sleeping on the damn hospital couch for a week. I miss my best friend. So badly.