I'm such an idiot. I don't know how to cope with life right now. I really need someone to talk to about it.I'm so mad at myself right now for how I've acted lately. I need to get a lot of stuff off my chest.

I'm 25. I'm an awkward, nerdy guy. I got involved in my first relationship about 11 months ago with a girl. A coworker I worked night shifts with. We would talk about Marvel comics and Lord of the Rings. It was good. We both talked about our anxiety problems together, we both felt underappreciated at work. We connected over it. We were both attracted to each other. It seemed like us dating was meant to be at the time. What a fool I was.

My inexperience in dating is a large contributor to the predicament I'm in now. My insecurity of being a virgin at 25 has clouded a lot of my thinking. Feeling like I need to be socially and sexually successful to like myself has controlled a lot of my actions.

She's 20. She told me she was also a virgin. I remember thinking 'Man I lucked out, we can explore sexuality together!' She also told me she had been sexually assaulted a few years back and felt very uncomfortable about sex in general. She wanted to wait a bit before we had sex. She didn't know when she'd be ready. I had no hesitation in saying I would wait for her. 

Months went by. Our relationship was more like a friendship than anything, she didn't even like making out. We would only kiss as a sort of goodbye ritual when one of us would leave. As you might imagine, I disliked this lack of sensuality more and more as time went on. 

She could sense my dissatisfaction. We had a conversation about our lack of sex again, and she gave me the same answer as before, that she didn't know when she'd be ready. Even at this point, it had already occurred to me that she was getting everything she wanted in this relationship, and I was being walked over. But I kept rationalizing that things would get better if held out. I felt like I 'needed to have a girlfriend,' and that she was my best shot at losing my virginity.

I should mention that she has anger management problems. As if this relationship couldn't get any worse. She sometimes speaks disrespectfully to people, including me. There were countless times I should have been a man and stood up for myself while being mistreated. I let my fear of being alone override my self-respect.

The relationship continued until we had another conversation at the 9 month mark about the lack of sex. We couldn't do it anymore. She knew my sexual frustration was building too much, and she just didn't know when she'd be ready.

We amicably agreed to be just friends. And we really were friends, we'd still hang out and talk to each other. I've learned now that, looking back, I had become too dependent on her for socialization, I only had one friend other than her to talk to on a regular basis.

She began to drift away from me, while I wanted our friendship to continue just to ease my loneliness.

She got promoted at work and made a decent amount of friends there. She's worked through a lot of her social anxiety and I'm genuinely happy for her.

She's still nice to me when we talk at work, but she's stopped inviting me to hangouts with our other coworkers. We all used to hang out after work almost every shift we worked together, she usually organizes it. Now she's icing me out from our work friends. I've even heard from a coworker that she wants to start going out to some clubs to get laid. That one hurts.

I plan on asking her about this icing out thing tomorrow. But honestly, the shadiness of the situation has me put off from her completely. Things are getting toxic between us in an unspoken way. I really regret not going no-contact at the end of our relationship and finding another job.

I feel so stupid. There were so many red flags in this whole situation that I've willingly ignored under some false hope that things would get better. Looking back at the text I've written here, I'm aghast at my poor decision-making. I'm ashamed. I feel like I deserve ridicule.

If this was the only problem in my life, I probably wouldn't be here posting on SuicideWatch. There are other unmentioned things in my life that contribute to me being suicidal right now. Things like my father still abusing my mother, me changing my major in college 4 times and not graduating, my OCD and social anxiety getting worse. A lot of things are piling up on me.

There have been times in the past month that I've considered making an exit bag, or ordering barbiturates on darknet markets. I still don't know if I want to continue living or not at this point.

But if you read all of this, thank you for listening to what I had to say. I feel like I could use some support right now, I don't have a good support system outside Reddit.