Panic attacks and intrusive thoughtsHave been annihilating me the last two weeks. It was my 27th birthday 2 weeks ago. I drank for 4 days straight. Very heavily. I was having fun, honestly. It wasn’t a depressive episode or anything. 

Then, the night of my birthday, after all the shenanigans were through; I went home and tried going to sleep. And that’s when the intrusive thoughts kicked in. I don’t even really remember what they were, but I do recall actively making them worse.. as if it were some kind of self loathing drunken assault on myself.

I’m transgender, so it’s pretty easy to have rough thoughts pretty frequently. I’m okay at handling them, I think. I’m a high functioning manic depressive with panic disorder. But it rarely prevents me from doing things. 

But it’s been bad lately. Disabling. After my birthday I spent 4 days straight in bed. I was luckily on vacation from work. The only times I left, was to drive to the hospital, only to leave after crying in the parking lot for several minutes. I did this twice. I didn’t want to go to the ER. I suspected I might’ve been going through alcohol withdrawal.. but I’ll never know for sure. It was a binger, that’s for sure. Whether or not it warranted toxicity, I won’t know. 

Either way. I was crippled with panic attacks and general anxiety. I have a few Xanax that I’ve saved for over a year just in case a crisis were to happen. Well. A crisis happened. I took one the first two nights, just to pass out because I couldn’t stand it anymore. 

The other nights I had my non-benzo anxiety medicine, hydroxizine. Which did an okay job. Then during the day propanalol.. or however it’s spelt.

I sorta got better for a few days, until today.

I had a really bad intrusive thought about my gender identity, and I went full blown panic at work. It was not okay at all. I handled it. And thankfully my shift was ending. 

But I sorta fell right back into where I was before all my progress was achieved. I felt sick. And I hated myself.

I got home and I’ve been in my bed ever since. About 8 hours straight now. 

I was supposed to hang out with my girlfriend tonight, as we can only see each other basically on Saturdays.. but I’m disabled again. She understands but I feel fucking horrible. I’m so ashamed of myself. I’ve been crying non stop for hours. I feel physically ill. And I’m just waiting for another god damn panic attack to consume me and wreck me further. 

And I can’t go on like this much longer. I’m strong, I promise. Really strong. I’ve been through a ton. But this panic and spiraling thoughts are killing me. They’re so painful. They’re so debilitating.

I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to go to the ER. I just want it to end. I don’t want to take fucking Xanax, because I’m horrified of dependency. I just want it to end.

I don’t want to die either.. I just want this fucking horrible pain to end 