I'm so tired of no one taking me seriouslyOn the outside, it seems like I have a great life. As a friend once told me when I opened about my problems, I have "an education from a top 10 school, a boyfriend, a car, money for food, a place to live, and parents who aren't divorced" while people are "dying in natural disasters and war and terrorist attacks elsewhere in the world." 

I know people would "kill to be in my shoes." How can I say that I feel like a failure? That I wasted my "top quality education" by picking a hard science major, focusing on applying to medical school, and then burning out and deciding in my last year - AFTER finishing the entire premed track - that I didn't actually want to continue to med school? It hurts, every day feeling like I ruined everything. Seeing my classmates younger than me getting internships at world-famous companies. I had been dealt a handful of cards that very few people would ever have. If I had played them right, that could have been me. 

But no, I wasted it. I didn't network. I didn't take a hot major, like engineering or computer science. I wasted my parents money. 

I relapsed into the worst case of self-harming two days ago after being clean for 1.5 years. I spend evenings drinking a bottle of wine in my room so I don't have to hear myself think. I skip meals because I don't have the energy to cook or get food. Yesterday, I came home from work at 3 pm and just slept until the next morning. 

I've been depressed for 12 years, but it's been getting worse ever since I went to college. I know I won't kill myself, because it would be the biggest slap in the face to my parents who gave up everything for me, their only kid. But it sucks, having to live with this mental anguish, and having literally no one who will ever take me seriously, including therapists. I just can't imagine myself living like this for the rest of my life, trying to chase happiness, which never lasts. I'm tired of people telling me life is a gift, and that I should be grateful for what I have. I'm tired of faking smiles every day. I'm tired of feeling like I'll never live up to my expectations.

I'm just so tired, guys.