Hi, my story is not as bad as others but I'd really like to hear opinions.I'm 15 years old and firmly believe that as long as I have something that brings advantages in the end, I should do and persevere.

I go to a private school, do well academically and get along well with a lot of people - including teachers and employees at the school. Even though it may seem as if I will have people to talk to about my problems, I can never have any real close friends. I've had people I've gotten "close", but they always end up leaving me after some time, even my friends are people who I hardly talk about my problems with. 

Just 2 weeks ago, my "best-friend" of 2 years left me, she was the closest friend I have ever had and honestly have been very very frustrated about it. Last December she had problems with her sister up till the point of tears, I stayed up late nights, talk to her whenever I can and try to help her so that she wouldn't shoulder the burden alone or think much about it. At the beginning of this year she transferred to another school due to her mother's decision, I didn't really mind because I talked to her daily online. When she told she was having problems adjusting to her new school, I taught her things she couldn't understand in class, I even went out of my way to ask my friends over there to help her adjust and even beg people who are causing her social problems to stop. Occasionally there were nights when she'd be really sad and so I stay up to listen to her rants and problems. I pretty much cared for her. 2 months ago, my family's financial problems had gotten worse and that made me think of what will happen to my future and the burden I am imposing on my family(will explain below). As such I started becoming depressed from what I've realised so I thought I'd talk to my "best-friend" about it. At the time, she told me she was busy, and since she told me of a project she was given recently I thought that it'd be understandable she was busy. 3 weeks later later she came out and said that she wasn't actually busy and was just ignoring me because she thought I was annoying for not agreeing on a few things with her(I was getting worse and worse). Obviously I was devastated, why would my closest friend do that to me? All because I didn't agree with her on a few things? After around 20 minutes of talking and arguing about it, she said she was sorry for being selfish and has since never said and decline to a single thing to me. So all this time, I helped her so much and she wouldn't help me and in the end leaves me. I also had 2 friends I used to talk to a lot last year but began to ignore me towards the end of last year, because they ignored me I thought that it'd be alright as long as I don't give them any reason to dislike me or cause any problems for them. When they began to ignore me, I started hearing that they've been talking badly about me but I didn't really mind because it wasn't that bad. 3 days ago, I was told by a trustworthy friend(I've known since I was 9) that they have been saying that I've been getting "bitchier". I'm very annoyed by that, what right do they have to even comment on me in the first place when I haven't talked to them even once for over 6 months? and the fact I used to talk to them a lot and was nice to them pisses me off. I honestly do not mind these anymore as it is a normal thing, I've expected this to come already since the people I choose are always 2 faced anyways.

Now, about my family, my family was actually successful, up until 4 years ago. My father was let go of his chief financial officer position of a branch telecommunication company after the CEO was removed. He was not offered a high position after that, it was either he started from the bottom again or nothing at all, and at the age of 46, starting from the bottom was not a good idea, so instead he started a farm. For the first year, we got by good enough, but then onwards, it was getting worse. Earlier this year, my mother lost her job due to her company going bankrupt, my father's farm wasn't doing good either. 

My family is currently at 1mil+ debt and I would not be in school if my father's friends were not paying for me, but they can't be paying for all of my education. Recently, my school, for some unknown reason, started increasing the fees for all the students, students there did not have any problems for this as the majority come from very rich families. As it's a dominantly rich student school, to get awards, you'd have to pay a lot more for events than what my family spend in 1 month. I have positions as Board of Directors for several of the main school societies and may gain another next year, but I will still not gain a single award just because I cannot join mandatory events needed to get an award (no money and so I can't write anything for my testimonial). As such, to summarise, I have taken several possible positions that many others would like and greatly reduce their chances of getting an award just because I hold the position. 

I question the possibility of me being able to go to college due to lack of funds (I've already made several calculations on my family's ability to repay the debts and came to the conclusion that it'd reach a positive in 4-6 years minimum) and being that I am not high enough academically or a promising candidate, I will not be able to get a scholarship. I will have a very hard life and will not be able to make people happy around me in the future, thus, contradicting my belief that if I have something that will bring me advantages in the end, I should do it. 

Right now, I don't have anything in my situation that will help me in the future, I will burden my family and take over chances for other people if I continue. If I kill myself that will end and everyone will be happy and gain advantages in the long run, my parents will have lesser burden and other people will have a higher chance of succeeding, yes there will be some people that will grieve for my loss, but it will be very temporary. What do you think? 