Yeah I'm sad, original right?hmm... I don't know how this won't be another generic waah T_T I am sad blah, why I no kill self?

I'm 24. Been depressed since about 16, always felt lonely, but kept moving on and always found a way to look forward.

Knew several girls, things never worked out, always got friend zoned and always ended up hurt, lost my virginity drunk somewhere around 22 although fooled around before then. I came here months ago and wrote up a much better written version of this here but then right before I could submit it ( and I mean literally right before, like I'm staring at it typed up ready to hit submit), there was a knock at the door and it was our neighbors from upstairs (live in a college apartment) and I ended up meeting someone that night. Had my first girlfriend (at 24), things were great, if I wasn't such a staunch atheist
I might have felt that there was something to the timing of that but.. shit just happens. 

She didn't dump me per se but, shes much younger than me, 19 and is from out of state (quite far) and after her first year of college decided its not for her and is moving back in a few weeks (finals end first week of May).. we're staying together until she leaves but obviously its over. She's coming over today and I want to spend as much time as possible together but I feel I should just break up with 
her, this looming date is too much and its going to prolong my misery and get really shitty again on her departure date and be even worse if we hang out a ton and I have more memories that I'll have to let go in the weeks/months after.

I don't know. I'm 24 and still in school because I got a degree in a liberal arts major, graduated and found it to be useless
so I went back for a second degree (which I have to finance 100% through loans, grants don't apply to second degrees). I'm
doing something more technical/useful now (don't want to put up too much info), but either way all of my friends are no longer are in school
and I'm miles away from most of them, know a few people here but nothing close, acquaintances. I don't want to be here, I don't know
about the future, I'm just really tired, emotionally exhausted I suppose. I can't do this looking forward to what the next day 
will bring for another 6 years.

I've been through a working out phase, a trying to tackle my shyness head on and get involved in school and attempt to participate
in as many social gatherings as possible phase.. I can't do it anymore. I can't. I know its selfish, I have siblings and a mother
who will be devastated, but I just hurt too much, can't afford to see a shrink or "mental health professional" or whatever.

I feel in limbo here, like I know nothing can happen. I don't plan (and prob cant afford) to stay here after school (although considered getting a job here if my girlfriend stayed for school). since I'm 24
but an undergrad, everyone I meet is 18/19/20 and often just starting school with many more years ahead, I have only slightly
over a year to go (maybe a year and a semester). 

So what if I meet someone, I'll probably have to leave, I don't think I should create anymore attachments (romantic attachments anyway, I wouldn't mind meeting friends), so I have a year and a half almost where I KNOW I'll be lonely. then what? I don't know. start work
and the real world which is scary enough, moving perhaps somewhere else where I won't even have acquaintances :/

to further make this longer and less likely to be read (which is fine I more enjoy just typing it out) yes I've considered asking her to stay for one more year (that was the original plan, she changed her mind yesterday out of the blue) but I really care abut her and it'd be selfish and likely wouldn't work. I'd be asking her to stay so I wouldn't be lonely although she clearly wouldn't be finding what she was looking for. 

I mean shit.. when I was 19.. I got kicked out of college freshman year (grades) felt college was not for me and spent my time drinking and somehow this shy nerdy kid who used to play wow all the time was
dj'ing in clubs in a major city (I still look back and have no idea how the fuck that worked out), so asking a 19 year old with big dreams to stay with a T_T 24 year old in a college town I myself don't even like is a bit of a stretch. sigh she just messaged me to confirm hanging out today. I'll see her this evening.. I should end it but will probably ask her to sleep over :(

I don't even have the motivation to finish this but

tl;dr another waah T_T I am sad blah, why I no kill self? after so many years cannot "keep going" (blech.. how original)

this may or may not ever get copy and pasted out of notepad.

EDIT: i read about some success stories with anti-depressants or medications in general on here (mixed in with medication not working and making people into zombies). does it really work for some people? does it help at all (truthfully)? I'm not looking for a panacea to my silly woes but something to help me not give up right now. I figure if I can spend money on beer and cigarettes I can spend a little money on a damn doctor and some meds.