Seeking advice or company, anything really. I just don't want to be alone. [long post]I don't want to die. I experience suicidal thoughts often, however, and I feel like the only thing keeping me around is the fact that A. I would hurt my friends deeply and B. I don't want to leave this world painfully. 

More than anything, I just want to talk to someone. Anyone. I'm tired of burdening my friends with the same mental health turmoil, I've never been able to connect to a crisis chatroom despite waiting for 12+ hours at times, same with the hotline where I was on hold for hours. I would just like to talk to someone unbiased, someone who doesn't know me and who could maybe point me in a direction they'd go in. 

I'm currently stuck in a rut in life: not in school, lost my job recently following a temporary hospitalization for suicidal thoughts, have an unmanageable amount of debt (which isn't much, under $10k, but still daunting when I currently don't have a steady source of income). I dropped out of college three times because the environment was too overwhelming/I was fresh out of high school/I couldn't keep up with the work. I'm 24 now and I've been bouncing jobs a lot the past year. 

Recently I moved back in with my parents, one of whom has been a terrible source of abuse throughout my life, because I had nowhere else to go. I was unable to keep up with the financial requirements of my previous living situation (the wage/cost of living ratio was the most disproportionate in the entire country I discovered in a newspaper article). I wasn't able to make many friends out there and had more friends in the town my parents live in. It seemed like a better option.

The abusive parent has not been supportive despite claiming to be. Nothing is good enough. I am fully aware and deeply ashamed of my failures, mistakes, and shortcomings of an adult child having to move back in with their parents, but what hurts most is the parent's lack of empathy regarding my recent mental health struggles. The hospital visit I mentioned before did not help me--I did not receive a diagnosis beyond what I already knew, no meds, no inpatient hospitalization, just a list of people to call. The hospital visit ended up costing $4k and I don't have any more insurance coverage for a therapist or psychiatrist for the remainder of the year.

I feel like I would benefit greatly from returning to therapy and/or going back on medication (last time I was involved with either was 2011--parent I've been mentioning guilt tripped me to stop going to therapy/stop taking meds), but I am in a position where I can't afford anything at the moment. 

Abusive parent frequently tells me I don't do anything, that I just make the same mistakes, that I'm a burden to them and everyone else. When I get angry and protest or fight back with things I've been doing/trying, it goes in one ear and out the other. Parent has never been physically affectionate or interested in my hobbies/activites/well being. Never asks how I am. When we got into a fight the other they asked what they could do to help me and I said "just ask me how I'm doing". They said they do and that it's not fair for me to say that.

I am an artist/novelist with minimal sales, but money is money. I previously did independent contracting work I am considering returning to. I think general anxiety is stopping me. There have been some recent accomplishments too with art/writing! But none that my parent cares about. Parent is always totally willing to share details about their personal life/friends/etc. though. 

I am so grateful my parents let me move back into their house. Things were okay the first few months when I was employed, but then the hospitalization happened.

The obvious realization is "hey sharky, maybe you should accept that things between you and your parent are probably always going to be shit". And I do realize that. But I keep trying anyway. I don't know why. I just want parent to be proud of me/feel like I'm worth talking about/feel like I'm somebody, I guess. I'm ashamed and embarrassed of who I am but even expressing that outwardly is not good enough for parent. I feel like they hate me and it hurts. Other parent is totally indifferent to me. We don't speak even though we see each other. There's no animosity, just indifference.

I need to do the following things:
1. Postpone my student loan payments temporarily, because I do not have any income at the moment
2. Get a new job (I left my old one because of the suicidal thoughts hospitalization + my boss ended up stalking me immediately after I made a call saying I wouldn't be in that day) 
2a. Do some callbacks about places I have applied to. Some friends might have a job set up for me but stupid phone anxiety has prevented me from calling back + doing 1 as well.
3. Go back to school and get a degree. Any degree. 
4. Get a psychiatrist/therapist/counselor/support group/something.
5. Move out again

I WANT to do the following things:
1. Get a new job that doesn't make me want to kill myself
2. Go back to school, particularly art school (I have $4.3k in a college fund but I am afraid to go back in case I drop out again/I don't know what to do)
3. Move out again
4. Get some taco bell, but it's Yom Kippur and I am fasting until sundown tomorrow, but I can dream

Can somebody point me in a direction of maybe the first thing I should do? Should I share more information about anything I've listed? I don't want to tell my whole life's story and I don't want to subject anybody to listening to it either, but I'm frustrated and sad and tired of feeling like less than dirt. 

Thank you for reading.
