I can't go on like thisI don’t know what it’s liked to be loved. I don’t know what it’s like to have a friend call and tell me about their day and ask about mine. I don’t know what it’s like to have proud parents since I have never succeeded in anything I try. I don’t know what it’s like to have a best friend or significant other. I don’t know the feeling of a woman’s love. I don’t know what it’s like to always be invited to things. I’m usually the only person in a “friend group” to be left out of social events. I don’t know what it’s like to have a group of close friends. Every friend group I was ever apart ghosts me after a while. This has been my norm since I’ve been able to socialize with my peers. I don’t want to live anymore because of it. A human can not be this lonely. We are a social species. I can not live like this. I’ve been seriously thinking about killing myself since I was about 15. I am 21 now. These thoughts have not gone away.

Today I reconnected with an old friend for the first time in almost 2 years. He got a girlfriend, made cooler/more exiting friends and kind of never contacted me again. Today, I reached out to him(obviously)and we hung out for a bit. He was back from university for winter break. This interaction really made me come to terms on how I am a complete waste of space. I left feeling something I’ve never felt before. Even worse, the girl that I have crush on and have been trying to talk to recently will now not give me the light of day. I stopped initiating conversion with her and as expected have not talked in 2 days. This was the only girl I shared a kiss with and she seemed to be into me idk. I will never have a normal social life. There are many more aspects of my life that make me want to end it but I don’t want to waste your time. I don’t know what to do. I am running out of time. A chatroom doesn’t help. A stranger on a phone doesn’t help. A stranger on the internet doesn’t help. The marijuana doesn’t help. I think tonight may be the end. I live on big property with a good size of wooded area. Trees are strong enough to hold me. The temperature outside is below freezing right now so that could preserve my body. Excuse the long rant. I just needed to put this somewhere. Sorry