I am very depressed.Im depressed. So very depressed. It seems that everyone around me is unaware of themselves. I feel so vibrant, so real. I am self aware. My mind wants to be free but my body does not allow. I want to run free with all my heart. I want to become bigger and stronger with my fellow classmates, yet my body does not permit. Some force is teasing me always. Giving me a breathe of fresh air before chopping my limbs off. I was bulimic once. Fucked my life right then and there. Started as a safety net. My mind was not ready however. I lost weight, let alone losing my friends. For a year my body and mind were slowly degrading. My muscle, my hair, my personality, and my life was changing. I now am no longer bulimic but my life is still affected. Im a boy in highschool. Every 30 minutes i have to go pee. Every part of my body besides my stomach is malnourished. I just want to die im crying right now im so sad. Everyday i wear a mask. A mask of happiness. I try so hard to find joy in the world but i cant. I see my friends and classmates go places, workout, and play sports while i can hardly do anything. My shouder, its been strained for the last 8 months. My leg pinches when i raise it and my thigh has been numb for the last 2 months. I lve had so many ankle, knee, and thigh problems that i cant even count them anymore. I just want to be a kid. I cant do any of the things i love. A girl i really like is always wanting to go to an open gym with me or run but its so hard to do either with my shoulder and leg. I eat as much food as i can stuff in my face but it doesnt fix any of my problems. My parents still think i have an ED and think i starve myself so they believe thats the problem. But i dont have an ED anymore, my parents are just never there to see what i do. I want to workout and get stronger so badly but every excercise i do makes my shoulder and leg worse. I just want to know that someday my body will not be injured. Its so hard to keep myself together every day and find the motivation to go on. One day im feeling a little better, i start to think things might get brighter for me. Then the next day everything is back to the shit. Its just so dam sad that this super nice girl likes me and i can hardly do anything with her because of my body. Shes always the one who sees through my happiness. She knows im sad but she doesnt really understand why. I tell her again and again im not upset with her but she thinks i am. I told her straight up what was making me sad but it still doesnt change the fact that i cant do the things we love together. My family cant afford to much more therapy for my leg and shoulder. Its sad that im not getting better. I do my excercises but my body doesnt seem to respond as well as it should. I just want to feel strong and healthy. It is so hard to OD on pain meds everytime i want to hang out with this girl. I dont understand the reasoning behind all this pain. Mabye its to teach me a lesson, or to make me feel hyper realistic. The book Fahrenheit 451 is beautiful. Society is drawn such a finite matter that the parrel between us and them is clear as day. I want to kill myself. Im told that if i stay postive everything will eventually get better. Yeah. Ive heard it so many times. People in this world have much worse problems then i do. I never really felt for them in the way i do now. I feel their pain. Unable to workout or do kid things is making me feel so depressed. I just wish one day i woke up exactly where i was 2 years ago so i could change my life. I will admit it has shaped a new personality for me, but its an life with two faces.

 I just want to run all night and day, climb trees and do flips and be free.