Only 24 years old male &amp; I don’t wanna live anymore! My mind hurts to much!I struggle every day.... everyday I seem like I lived my life 100 times over if there was an easy way to go I would take it! I’m so tired in my mind I can’t take it any more I feel like cutting my wrist open and bleeding out but that would hurt to much. I’m only 24 years old never had a girlfriend I feel like I will always be alone . I really wish I could just put a gun to my head that exactly want I want to do is put a gun to my head! Pull the trigger and be gone then the pain will go away! I would give anyone what they want if they could get me a gun I just don’t have a gun or I would have done it already ! My friend left me he was helping me for a long time we met through work and I told him what I deal with &amp; he helped me for a long time someone to call and just have in my mind as a soldier and warrior against this illness! His women thought we were getting to close or there was something going on &amp; one day he called me up out of the blue and told me we can’t be friends anymore because of his women we no longer talk I’m at the same company as him but don’t see him! I think about suicide everyday in some manner sometimes 10 times in one day sometimes more! I feel like ounce he left I don’t have a purpose here! I feel like I don’t matter to anyone especially him he left my life bc his women thought we were getting to close I guess he could have just told her hey this is what this kid deals with we are still going to be friends! But no it didn’t go that way! I always planned on my mind if I get my gun I’ll email him this link to this ted talk about suicide so he knows exactly what I deal with and after that just wait a little and wait and wait and put the gun to my head and pull the trigger! That will be my last message to anyone is that email! I won’t be heard from again which is fine bc I guess I never mattered to anyone bc he left when I needed someone but that’s ok bc when everything said and done .... hopefully I will be missed! 