A day ago I made a post about how I planned to kill myself in a year. I’m going to do it tonight.I had to write that title to confirm it. I’m going to use a rope and attach it to a wooden plank going across the top of my garage, and I’m going to use a chair to finish the job. I haven’t decided which chair yet. There is no way that can fail. I won’t be able to breathe. No one will check on me for a good hour or so. 

What changed? I don’t really know. I just kind of realised that I’m well and truly finished on the 25th of November. I wish I had a cooler date but maybe this is the one god had in mind for me. I’d rather die then go back to day to day life as of now.

I’ve just been listening to Lone by Tyler The Creator. That will be the last song I ever hear most probably. I’ll listen to music for about an hour beforehand.

If anyone wants to know a bit more about me, I’m 16, male, in college. Never had a girlfriend. I could’ve, but I didn’t due to anxiety. Part of me wonders if it could’ve been different if I was born quite good looking, and I had a girlfriend. You know, that emotional and affectionate kinda relationship with a best friend that you care about. I’m going to die a virgin but I don’t think I care. Ever since I got acne my self esteem plummeted, and I can’t shake it off. I don’t want to say acne killed me, but I think it’s finishing me off.

I’m passionate about football, well I was, but I’ve gotten too depressed to even look at a football. I don’t even care to watch it anymore. Nothing interests me. I only go to the gym so no one thinks there is anything wrong with me. I’ve been seeing a doctor but therapy is too long of a wait. 

Haha, I hope they don’t show my school photo in memorial to me. I fuckin hate that picture. I shit you not, I’m just going to put in my suicide note a personal message to my college to explicitly NOT put my picture on the big screen. I’m evidently insecure in the afterlife 🤷🏻‍♂️

My family. I don’t want to talk about them. I love them too much and I hate the fact that I’m about to put them through pain but it’s temporary. It’s all temporary.

I am a popular kid at my school. That’s not me saying I’m this great cool guy at the top of the hierarchy, but there’s not a single person in that college who I hate and couldn’t be their friend. How do I think they’ll react? I don’t know. How do you react? Cry? Maybe for a day or two. Then they’ll be fine, right? 

Funnily enough, I spent my last day ill, doing nothing, just chilling. I watched a few funny videos, I think I’m going to go on Xbox later and try fortnight battle royale as people tell me it’s really good. Plus it’s free.

Why am I making this post? A final message to Reddit after 2 years or so. And more importantly, I want to know if any of you, have lost anyone to suicide. I want to know how people reacted afterwards. I want to know whether everyone will be okay without me. If it’s attention seeking then I’m sorry for that. But I don’t want to leave having said nothing at all, you know? I used to read these posts and make comments all the time about a year ago. Never in my life did I think I’d be on the other side.

I think that’s everything. That’s all of my concerns. No more schoolwork, no more stress about the future, no more pessimism, no one judging me, no more judging myself. I’m going to go have dinner. Play some Xbox. Grab my headphones and phone, turn on my playlist, and hang myself. 

In 3 hours, my story will be over. Crazy. 




