this is my last night on earthhi sw,

i'm a 19-year-old college sophomore at a really expensive, exclusive, liberal arts college in the northeast. i know that it's a great privilege to be able to attend a school like this and i've completely wasted it. i had an editorial position on the school newspaper and i had three jobs and a tutoring position and i've managed to lose them all due to my own inefficacy as a human being. i'm also in a useless major that i thought i loved, but now i hate. i haven't gone to class in a week and i've done barely any work all semester. i hate being the type of person who does this and i hate having to make up excuses all the time to myself and to other people. i always thought it might be cool to become a doctor or an architect or something else but i would have to start completely over and my family has gone completely bankrupt sending me to this expensive college for two years and i can't live with myself for doing that to them. i don't really want to kill myself but i don't have any options left. i used to have friends here but they've all either left the school or left me. i can't drop out for the semester because my parents have already paid for it. but i can't keep living like a shut in. i don't do anything except go on the internet and sleep. it might be easier to get through this if i had any sort of job prospects or future whatsoever but i know if i survive until the summer i'll just be back at the same horrible minimum wage job i had last year and then after that i'll have to go back here and graduate and i still won't have any future then. i can't stay here, i can't leave, and there's no way that i can change anything. i don't want to kill myself, but i don't think i have any other options that don't involve screwing my family over. i've already screwed myself over.

the sad thing about my major is that i'm really good at it. i'm a creative writing and poetry major, and i'm the only 19 year old i know who has been published in multiple international journals. i've received honors in every writing class i've taken. i have two separate pieces being published in two journals this march and that's exciting and all but it's not enough to keep me here when everything else is so terrible. i mean it's something i love but i shouldn't have made it my major. i hate the types of people who call themselves poets. so fucking pretentious and full of shit and competitive and dehumanizing.

i have a bottle of whiskey and there's a bridge nearby. i think tomorrow i'm going to call my family and some friends and set things in order and then tomorrow night, i will be dead. thinking about that is so glorious. it's such a relief. i didn't want it to come to this, but i can't even feel pain right now. i've never felt like this before. i was hospitalized for a suicide attempt when i was seventeen but what i was feeling then was nothing compared to this. i had so much ahead of me then. it's surprising how much i could fuck that up in two years.

i feel really bad about doing this to my parents. i feel like depriving them of a daughter is worse than depriving them of all the money and time they've wasted in raising me, somehow. but i hope they will understand that it's better for me to just end it now before it gets worse.

i might stay in and call a doctor tomorrow. i'm not sure. obviously i haven't completely made my mind up yet or else i wouldn't be posting here. i don't even know who i would call, because i'm not on the college insurance plan. i just don't know how much treatment can do for me. it can help me maybe in the short term but i don't think it will make an eventual difference. somehow that seems worse.

sorry this hasn't made much sense. i don't really know what's going on right now. if you've read this all, thank you.