Tired of FightingI feel like my entire life has been one huge fight. I'm always treading water, but just enough to barely survive drowing. Poor childhood, dysfunctional, barely there parents, teenage years full of struggle...and it just merged in to this adult hood full of difficulties. 

In 2013 I was convicted of a crime I did not commit and sentenced to 8.5 years in prison. After serving 2 years, I was released. I came out strong...ready to succeed  and destined to prove to everyone that I was a force to be reckoned with. In under a year and through my own will and perseverence, I built up a successful bakery. I was featured in our state tourism magazines, was doing interviews on local media sources...and then it all came crashing down around me. Someone discovered I was a felon and started an online hate-fest.  It was endless- 3am phone calls, Facebook messages, death threats. It didn't matter that I was innocent. It didn't matter that I was a community advocate.  It didn't matter that all I did was give back. 

I struggled. I faltered. Business briefly took a hit, but I dug deep and pushed on. I had lost investors and monetary support...but I refused to give up, despite the emotional upheavel. Business carried on, but never quite as well. Never without someone continually bringing up the past when someone posted an online referral. 

In early 2019, I made a business shift. The next town over had a perfect opportunity and I took a leap of faith. I purchased the building, through owner financing with an agressive mortgage  relocated the bakery, and also opened a Café, antique store, and event hall. Business was booming, reviews were calling me the towns newest rising star. 2 months later, my husband encountered an issue with his construction company and is now completing a job without pay. I'm now covering the expenses of his business, our personal bills, our rental properties (which are now
 vacant and non income earning because he cant seem to find the time to fix them nor can I find the extra money for us to make repairs) and the new business. Expansion ideas were put on hold, and I was left to carry the bag once again. 

2.5months ago I started to barely tread water; I feel like I'm on the brink of drowning. I work 16-20 hour days and seldom take a day off. I keep booking catering jobs and custom orders, because we are so financially strapped. My husband still isn't bringing in an income, but I have to hear him criticize me at every turn. In one breath he's telling me how awesome I am, and in the next it's my fault because I wanted this business. He barely works 8 hour days. I don't understand why he doesn't work harder so this contract can be complete. I don't understand why he won't find a part time job. I don't understand why he just won't help me.

I try so hard to be the kind of person this world needs- kind, giving, respectful. I do my best to bring laughter and happiness to others, even though inside I just want to cry. Everything is so dark, but I keep wanting to be someone else's light.  But you know...I just cannot do it anymore. I'm crashing. Living life hurts.



I can no longer keep up with the bills, the stress, and the expectations. Today they turned off the electric at my shop because everything my husband has his hands in is more important. How do I deal with this?! I cannot take out a loan,  I don't know anyone I can ask for help, the amount owed is too large for me to pawn something... I have reached the point of broken that I cannot fix. This is our only source of income. I have 5 members of my staff that rely on me so they can feed their families. I am such a fu (*ING failure. I can't fix this. I don't know what the hell I'm supposed to do.

I'm so tired. Tired of fighting, tired of believing, tired of living. 

I keep thinking about how easy it would be to just hit the gas and collide with a tree, a cement pillar, or just veer off the bridge in my vehicle. I think about putting a gun to my head. I think about what pills I could take to go to sleep and never wake up. 

I don't know how to keep going anymore. Being strong is exhausting. Fighting is exhausting. I'm lost, I'm broken, and God has no interest in hearing me beg for help.

And yet, I'm still too chicken to do anything to myself. For now,