Worried About Future SuicideI don't really know where to begin with all this, I am sorry, but this is probably going to be long.  I guess I should start by saying I am 25-years-old and have bipolar disorder 2 and PTSD. When I was a child I was severely abused. When I left the situation, I did exceptionally well because I wanted to keep what remained of my family together. I became a perfectionist and overly-ambitious. I struggle with these qualities to this day, and I think it might have a lot to do with why I feel like I do now.

I started showing symptoms of both PTSD and bipolar disorder at 13 (youth-onset bipolar). As a result, I stopped caring about anyone or anything. I failed classes and dropped out of my extracurricular activities. I started using drugs, and I managed to destroy my life and lose the family that I desperately wanted to be proud of me. I attempted suicide at 17 and almost succeeded.  

I was kicked out of my house at 17 a few months after the suicide attempt. I moved in with my ex-boyfriend and ended up pregnant with my son who is now 6. My ex-boyfriend was more abusive than my father. After an incident where my son (who as 1 at the time) and I were put in danger, I finally left him because while I felt like I could stay with him when he abused me, I absolutely would not tolerate harm to the only light I had in my life.  My ex-boyfriend was put in prison for a long time. 

During that time I knew I could not fall apart because my son needed me more than ever. I quit my minimum wage job and enrolled in the local community college. Once again, I excelled. Even now, I have a 3.8 GPA, have tons of research experience, and came close to acing my GRE. At the same time, I feel like I am going to explode. I keep thinking I am not good enough and that I will never get accepted into a PhD program. I spend several hours studying a day and when I am not studying, I am usually working out. I cannot let myself rest. Unfortunately, I think I am going to fall apart again. I have been taking my meds for four years, and I thought I was doing okay, but I'm not so sure.

My ex-boyfriend was released from prison on parole just this last January.After he was released from prison, he started harassing me online. He made a new Facebook profile every time I blocked his old one. I wanted to get a no contact order, but if I got one, he would be able to know my address. I did not want to take that risk. He went around telling everyone I was the abuser, and while most people knew that was a lie, his sister desperately wanted to believe he was telling the truth, so she gave my ex my address (she knew it because I used to let her visit my son). I found out he was on his way to my house because he showed up at an old friend's house and told her about it before he left. I tried calling the police, but they said since I did not have a restraining order they couldn't do anything until he was actually on my property. The night he left he stayed at his friend's house and took a bunch of drugs. He became paranoid and stabbed his friend in the chest because he thought his friend stole drugs from him.

I was sad for the victim, but at the same time I was incredibly relieved that he was arrested and I wouldn't have to deal with him again for a very long time. However, I can't get over everything that happened. I have a therapist, but I feel stupid talking about it. I have nightmares most nights. I have become distant towards my current boyfriend who I love very much, and I have once again become deeply distrustful of everyone. 

Two weeks ago, after waking up from yet another nightmare, I woke up and couldn't stop crying. I decided I was going to kill myself. I had a pretty fool-proof plan, and I had a date. However, the next day I woke up and my current boyfriend and my son had made me breakfast because they noticed I wasn't myself. I knew that I had to stay strong for a little longer because I didn't want to hurt them. The problem is I am scared I will eventually kill myself anyways. My anxiety levels have decreased because every time I worry about something I know in the back of my mind I have the option to kill myself. I just don't know what to do.

Again, sorry that was long.


