Why should keep going?I've made my mistakes, I've already fucked up my chances of getting anywhere worth anything in my life. All of my habits are bad and I try to break them when my depression doesn't cripple me but I don't have enough time it seems between my highs and lows to do anything worthwhile. I hate my job, I'm a scrawny fuck working physical labor ~50 hours a week living in whatever hotel is closest to the construction site. I fucked up in High school, didn't care enough, got bullied, developed social anxiety pretty badly. Pretty sure I only have my job working under my dad because he doesn't have the heart to fire me and see me fail worse than I already am. I suck at everything I do, I don't have the wherewithal to do complex tasks anymore because I'm just too apathetic to everything. I make little mistakes every single day that just keep piling up and reinforcing my bad habits / behaviors. My friends and family care about me and I know that but they don't know the extent of my failures and shortcomings because I don't really talk to anyone about my life, mainly because I'm too anxious / scared to. And if they did, they wouldn't understand as I'm pretty sure I'm the only one in my close family who struggles like this, besides my nearly estranged sister. I've had a gun to my head a couple of times, I've walked off from my job to jump into traffic from a bridge, I've tried tying a ligature around my neck but I fuckin pussy out every damn time.

Why the hell am I still here? Am I supposed to keep going like this? Why should I? Are there any ways I can legally commit suicide where I have no control over it so I can't pussy out (In TX)?

I can't see myself growing old or having kids, kids sound absolutely terrible and I can't imagine how I'd ever raise a kid properly, hell I can't even imagine finding anyone I'd want to have kids with. I'm all alone and always have been. And growing old sounds even worse, my mind is a dumpster fire and my body isn't great because I don't eat / sleep right and still go out and destroy it doing physical labor, so why the fuck would I want to be 40+ years old when my body would be failing even more than it is now?

Shit this post is all over the damn place but it's like I said, it feels like I barely have the mental capacity to do anything right anymore. I feel like I'm just fishing for attention and I'm just a lazy fuck who can't get his shit together. But I just genuinely don't think I'm supposed to keep going. Like I've already sealed my date, like there's nothing here on this Earth for me anymore but more of the same or worse.

I'm sorry if this post is against the rules, if it is just remove it. I don't even know if this is the right sub to be posting this shit to. And I feel bad for the people who uplift others on this sub, sorry that you have to deal with people like me. Is the end I guess I'm just trying to explain my thoughts to people I don't have to actually confront because I'm too scared to talk to people about this irl.