I feel like no one truly cares and that I’m so alone and that all I do is drive people awayI’m 17, a senior in high school. Three months ago I felt like my life was perfect because I had this big group of friends and I had a loving boyfriend who told me that we were going to be together forever. 

Two months ago yesterday, he broke up with me I felt like my life has been spiraling since then. At first I thought losing weight and focusing on my appearance would help me but it has just caused so much stress and fasting and doing keto has led to me losing my appetite completely. I barely sleep anymore because all I can think about is how alone I am and how miserable I am, 

When my ex broke up with me he wanted to still be best friends. It was fine at first, obviously very hard for me emotionally but then it got so much worse when he quickly moved on. I confided to him that I’m suicidal because he is my closest friend and while he was very concerned and supportive of my mental health at first he now acts so dismissive and uncaring that it hurts to get upset around him anymore. 

I hate going to school and because I take AP classes I’m very behind in school work and my grades are the lowest they’ve ever been. I’m seriously thinking of dropping out despite my entire life up to this point I’ve always dreamed of being an engineer and being very successful. 

I feel alone and the big group of friends I had before are all acting distance because my ex and his new girlfriend are all part of that group of friends. It feels like everyone hates me now and are distancing themselves from me just because my ex broke up with me and his new girlfriend doesn’t like their we’re still friends. 

It’s all so exhausting and I’ve just been laying in my bed crying because I don’t know what to do anymore. My ex called me to ask how I was doing and I told him how miserable and alone I am and how I just want to die and he told me that it’s because I don’t want to get better that I’m going through this and that he doesn’t know what to do for me anymore. 

I started crying harder and know I just don’t know what to do. I don’t want to be here anymore, I literally can’t stomach the idea of going to school tomorrow or literally doing anything anymore. it hurts so badly that just a few months ago my life was so different and so happy and now I even want to be alive anymore and i don’t know what to do