I can't cope with the fucking pain.I have bipolar 1 with psychosis, and I HATE how much pain I have to endure to just stay alive. I have really bad intrusive thoughts that are, so bad that they make my body ache, and they give me a taste in my mouth. My thoughts are about gory violence, so the taste is highly disturbing. I can't even brush my teeth, take a shower, do laundry, or any other mundane task without getting hypomanic, and if I push through that I might have a psychotic episode. All, I can do is play video games debate with people online, and masturbate. Whenever I try to do something new I get hypomanic.

I go to therapy, and I am on like 7 or 9 different meds, and it still isn't enough. I think I have a sensory disorder because my skin is constantly maddeningly dull. I feel like my body is swimming or is getting tickled mildly all the time. I know I am ranting, but fuck I don't know what to do. I know I am listing off a lot of things I have, but please don't get offended. I learned recently that I have some paranoid personality disorder that makes me feel betrayed, and hurt very easily. My mom told me I was perceiving something incorrectly, and I was talking it out with her to make sure I was right or wrong, and she just walked away mid conversation. It is hard for me to explain the depth of my feelings of betrayal, and existential terror because she did that. I completely raged out against her. I felt like she was okay hurting me, so why should I care about her feeling bad because I am shouting/yelling at her while making demon anger faces if that makes sense.

I am completely overwhelmed, and I am starting to feel suicidal again. I don't have a plan, but fuck it is hard to live when your life is always filled with pain. It is 1 am where I live, so if I didn't make sense or made grammatical errors please forgive them.

Breathing exercises or mindfulness just make me get filled with terror. I have tried meditation as well, and it does the same thing. The only thing that works is playing video games or masturbating.

I don't know if I used the right flair, but I tried.

TL DR I am not coping with my life, and I am feeling suicidal again because of how much pain I endure everyday do you have any advice about how to deal with bipolar 1?