I suffer because I deserve itI'm lonely. And I will always be lonely. I treat other people only as mechanisms to cope with loneliness, which is, of course, turns them away from me. Also I often don't want to talk with other people at all, intentionally pushing them away. So, I deserve to be lonely. And I see how other people are disgusted of people like me. And I deserve this too.

Relationships? Friendships? Political ideologies about achieving a better world? Do I really want all of this? No, I don't. I just want someone or something to magically help me. But magic doesn't exist. Noone can solve my material and mental health issues expect myself, and I don't want to do it. I don't want to make any personal effort to fix myself. And I'm so pathetic, that I can't even kill myself to end my suffering. So, I deserve to suffer.

Nothing will change. Noone will help. I failed my life completely. I try to excuse myself, but this is just laughable. "I have a lot of symptoms of ADHD - this explains everything!" - yeah, and so what? I'm not officially diagnosed. And even I will be officially diagnosed, it won't change anything. Just a label to put on myself. Still, nobody would care. The fact that the reason I can work is some brain problems, doesn't change the fact that I can't work. The fact that I'm so rude to people because of some mental disorder, doesn't change the fact that I'm so rude, that even my mom hardly handles it.

"People don't hate you - it's just your brain being mean to you!" - yeah, genius, if that's the case, why am I still lonely? Why when other people show traits similar to mine, they **are** being hated? You know, the fact that I'm rejection sensitive doesn't mean that people don't reject me. It's again sounds like I'm just trying to find an excuse for the fact that I don't want to change my life. Or, at least, end it.

I'm suffering because I deserve to suffer. Because I'm an adult child who wants "mommy" to fix everything for him. Even real mothers don't do this, you donkey. You're worthless and you know it. And if you don't want to fix this, maybe you're actually enjoying it. And that's means you're definitely deserving all of this.