Why am I still thinking this?Alright, so I have had depression for a long time. It probably started around 7th grade, considering the next year I nearly went postal and came to school with a gun. But thankfully I was caught, and sent to counselling. I've not seriously considered killing another human being (with the exception of my douchebag father) since, but I have struggled with the urge to harm myself.

The first few years of high school were bearable, but my junior year was very rough. I finally found myself and had a terribly difficult time with that realization: I'm gay. And I just thought to myself "what the hell is wrong with me? I'm a freak" all the time. The urge to hurt myself got stronger, and I had to up my therapy and be put on antidepressants. Around the beginning of my senior year I was in total despair. One day I pretended I was sick to stay out of school, waited for my mom to leave, and downed some pinesol to try to end it. Unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately) for me, pinesol isn't lethal, it just makes you drowsy and nauseous. So I fell asleep, woke up about an hour before my mom came home, and pretended it didn't happen for a long time. By October my therapist decided I needed more help so i was institutionalized for 5 days. They changed my medication but other than that didn't do much. I came back still depressed and still terrified of what I am and how people would take it. 

I took my meds, with the thought always at the back of my mind, and little by little I told a few close people in my life. My mom found out accidently and has pretended like it never happened ever since. Everyone else has been very supportive though. 

After graduation, the sudden pressure of not knowing anything about what to do with my life after high school overwhelmed me, and I started thinking a lot about death. I had to call a suicide hotline about twice a week, and I'm pretty sure they had gotten to a first name basis with me. Then my friend introduced me to this guy. He is the sweetest, cutest, most wonderful guy I've ever met, and for some reason he likes me and sees in me things no one (including me) has before. We have been going out for about 3 or 4 months and I truly love him and I want to spend the rest of my life with him.

The only problem is I still get thoughts of death, and they seem to be coming more often in the past few weeks. I don't know why I keep having them but they just come over me until I'm crying in my bed alone. And I don't know if anyone can help me or if I just need to get it out there but I finally have something to live for and I don't want to keep having these thoughts.