For What It's Worth...As i sit here sifting through music on my computer, all i can contemplate is taking my own life. Because no one here knows me, i figure i should give some insight as to why i feel like this. My life has been filled with ups and downs, just like anyone else, however what i feel the difference is between me and the other person, is the ability to cope with emotions. 

I have been unsatisfied or depressed for the good part of 5 years. I have tried to take my own life twice, however I'm convinced both attempts where crys for help as i was not successful with either of them. I know if i really wanted to i could have cut my wrists deep enough the first time or taken enough heroin the second time, however i eased up just enough to wake up in the emergency room both times. 

My life up to this point should have turned out very differently than it has. I was a straight A student, very talented baseball player, charming, fun, and well liked by most of my peers. Although I was enjoying everything mentioned above, I had always struggled with severe depression and severe anxiety. The one thing that seemed to help the depression and anxiety where drugs and opiates, mainly opiates. 

Around the age of 16, i began to take all types of pain killers and it progressed into a full out addiciton by the time i was 19. Because of my addiction, i alienated myself from my friends, ruined relationships with family members, and what seems to have been the worst of it was losing a girlfriend that i was in a relationship with for 2 years. Currently I am sober and have been for 3 months, however all i can think about is ending my own life and ways that would be fail proof. I have never been so unhappy or hopeless in my entire life. After everyday at work, I induce my self to sleep with the help of massive quantities of benadryl. 

I would like to think that i am an intelligient individual, as the accomplishments i have had with in academics seem to indicate so, however i am no longer attending college as I just don't give a fuck anymore. What bothers me the most is not being able to experience any sort of joy with my own life and the fact that anytime i experience sadness or any other negative emotion i shut down and look towards drugs to numb myself. 

I have this fantasy of listening to Mazzy Star after i have cut my wrists in the shower and slowly enjoying the one thing i still like, before my inevitable death. I don't think it will be that much longer till that fantasy becomes a reality.