I can’t cope anymore.It’s been a while since I posted here, despite that things only got worse from then until now.

Recently I’ve started to feel really depressed for a number of reasons.

One of the bigger things I have trouble with is my parents, since I’m now in grade 12, my parents are putting pressure onto me to do well in school to get into a good university, to the point of threatening to kick me out if I don’t do well. The thing is that I just can’t do it anymore, the work my school gives feels so meaningless, I haven’t done any homework assignments for any of my classes since grade 10, nothing matter because I know inevitably I’ll amount to nothing. What hurts me the most about it is when they say they give up and are done with me in a condescending tone.

Other thing they do is ridicule me for almost everything, I can’t get a job because it’s summer and there aren’t any positions, but that doesn’t stop my father from verbally abusing me about it every time he gets a chance, I’m made fun of for my weight despite being perfectly healthy, even then they won’t let me go to the gym and will make even more fun of me for being fat just for making an effort to go change it.

I can’t say anything about it because if I do, I’ll end up either completely ignored and punished with the only things that bring me joy taken away, or in the worst case, being hit by my father.


Another thing that makes me sad is just school in general, my friend group is really close knitted but I’ve come to realize something more recently about them and myself, I don’t fit in with them. They all have interests that differ from my own to the point where I can’t relate to them at all, I feel like they only keep me around because I can tell somewhat funny jokes.

I have one friend in particular though that is really nice to me, me and her usually talk often after school about what’s going on in our lives and how things are going. I’ve never told her about how I’ve cut myself or attempted suicide though, none of my friends know about it in fact. I want to tell her everything I’ve been through because she’s always be trustworthy and is really nice, but I don’t want to put the burden on her of knowing how I feel on the inside, ever since my friend committed suicide, these feelings manifested and have grown only stronger, i don’t want to tell her because I don’t want her to be worried for my safety..


The thing that probably hurts me the most is my ex. When she decided that she wanted to break up with me, I pretended to go along with it so it seemed mutual and she wouldn’t feel bad. But near Valentine’s Day, I let her know how I felt, but she really didn’t like it and started to berate me for it, eventually leading to her telling me that I ruined the friendship we had. I tried to get my mind off of her by doing other things, I got into my schools robotics team and won a gold medal the first time we played together. But it never really got my mind off of her, no matter how many hobbies I took up or other girls I tried to be with, nothing took my mind off of her. She was the only one who really cared about me in a way no one else had before, Every hour I’m awake I think about her and how much she means to me, I’ve never stopped loving her despite everything she and my friends have told me. It hurts so much knowing that I ruined everything between us to the point of no return.


I haven’t cut myself in a long time, but I’ve recently experimented with burning myself, it’s somewhat enjoyable honestly, holding my hand over my lighter for far longer than I should.

I think I’ve reached the point where the next time I’m seated somewhere high up or near a fast moving train, I’ll jump without thinking, I don’t want to feel this pain anymore, I’ve faked my way through out my entire life, it’s gotten to be too much. I’m slowly becoming a different person, a shell of who I used to be. The world is just gonna keep moving and moving, no one will care if there is one less depressed boy in the world.

This was a lot of what was on my mind that I could at least type out, there are still many things, but I could never really explain it.

Thank you for reading.