always feeling alone whole of my lifemmm.... this is my first post, and im really sorry if my english bad.... it start when im browsing "wanted to die", "depressed", and "forever alone" and bring me to these section. I see so many people has the same feeling like me and it encourage me to post in these section, let me tell who i'm, so it maybe put ease to my heavy lonely problem...heavy feeling useless human for this world.
I'm 37 year, got 3 kids and a wife, really im not sure how can i get a woman to fall in love and courage to go to married, i'm not sure by myself....
well, since im kid i always alone, no friends no one, and the greatest horror for me is at junior high school, every kids hate me.... really hostile with me (racist because im minority in those school), i dont know how i can survive but it really leaved scar in my memory, and plus additional a tragedy when my mother angry with me because im stole a money, all of the forbidden word is out while she hitting me (useless child, really regret had me as child, get out from this house, etc etc).... with those 2 event, i closed my heart, i cant get near other people, event those people is my parents relatives, i'm got shame, (yeah my mother told every single of her relatives about my thievery), usually i go away searching for a quiet place, where only im alone... and this behavior carried into adulthood....
the only moment i got friends is only at college, but at the end i push them away because.....i dont know, i'm just want to be alone, im feel comfortable with my loneliness..........and this become problem when im entered a married life. my wife always pushing me to socially with our neighbor, but i'm feel insecure, i'm feel they hated me, laugh at me, and dont want me be there, i'm tried and tried and tried and tried, but i cant...... in the end, me and my wife quarrel every day, i told her i cant, i dont know what to said, dont know what to talks, i'm awkward when near other people, and later she give up to push me go social with other, but i lost something from her (respect maybe). my wife is really opposite of me, she has good social life, got a lot of friend, and liked by other (really, im still not believe how can i married with her)... well, 8 years ago (2009), i caught her cheating on me, i dont know how far her relationship with her affair, but that event leave deep scar, i'm decided to hold our married for the sake of our kids.....
but now, im tired, its already 8 years pass, but yeah my married is really bland now. even it already more than 7 month that last sex with my wife (maybe she doesnt want me again. fat, ugly, useless husband, nothing to proud of) and my neighbor as you can predict think that im snotty guy, and when they see me passing by they look away.......
what the point to continue my life? since im kid untill now, im always alone, i'm born alone, life alone and die in loneliness maybe.....event god hate me maybe.... why god create me, what for? i'm useless, my existence is useless...please god, just take my life away, i'm sure if i'm dead my wife will be get his ideal husband and my kids will get useful father, and my neighbor will be happy...... everyone will be happy if i'm just disappear from this world.....