You're all a bunch of pussiesPeople who really want to kill themselves don't tell anyone about it. It's not just some shitty break up, work/school problems, financial situation... It's when your life is literally beyond repair. When you wake up every day and look in the mirror each morning and see nothing. When you're so empty inside that you don't even care that you haven't been here for years, or that other humans seem like strange creatures with the most bullshit problems. I have been empty for a long time and had serious health issues this year. Health issues which will likely kill me before I'm even 20.

I've never been in a relationship, I completely flunked out of school, never had much money apart from the $200 I just spent on gilding a shit ton of people. I spent it all because I don't fucking care anymore. There was always a shred that thought maybe if I hung on things would get better. I tried to make my life better but everything just went worse. Any "help" I did get was nonexistent. Even doctors are telling me now that I only have 2 months left to live, when they couldn't give me an answer and dismissed my complaints as being anxiety a year ago. Well, if anything actually got done I wouldn't have chronic heart failure now.

You have no fucking idea what it's like to have your life absolutely ruined. The fact is, my life isn't even ruined now because that implies that it can actually be fixed. I'm just an empty body now, until my heart finally gives out and I become a rotting pile of flesh.

I attempted suicide last night, by car crash. It failed obviously because I'm still here. I pussied out right at the last second when I was doing double the speed limit and veering off the road. I went off the road, but the moment it happened my evolutionary instinct kicked in and I slammed on the brakes. It didn't happen in enough time because now I damaged the car but I survived. Now I have to pay over $1000 to get the car fixed, and I just gave away the other $200 to gild a bunch of people. All because my life's absolutely, utterly fucked and I figure I might as well make someone out there happy. I doubt I did anything though.

All I'm saying is, your so called "problems" are nothing. You don't know the true meaning of suffering, and telling people that you're going to "omg, like, I have to kill myself" is merely a suicidal gesture. A plea for attention. People like you make people like me sick, because your lives can actually get better. Mine can't. I'm absolutely utterly fucked for the next two months of my life, until I become a stinking, pile of flesh (not like I already am metaphorically or anything). I've never known human touch, what it's like to have friends or even feel this emotion you call "joy". All I've felt is nothing for the past couple of years.