I finally found true happinessSo to put things in context i was always bullied through middle school which killed my ability to talk to people that I don’t know. I hated myself and my own image. I constantly make self deprecating jokes about my appearance and people just agreed with it. In other words I’m a lonely highschooler

Any ways, a couple days back I was really lonely and decided to join a teen dating discord because I’m 16. I have no confidence in the real world to try to talk to other girls so I thought that because it’s through a screen I would have confidence. So I set up my introduction and waited for DMs.

Well none came so I decided that I would dm one of them to play games. So I found someone with similar interests and was in my age and grade so I dmed her. We kicked things off by playing gmod. As we were talking I made a fat joke about my self (which was the meme in my school that people used to call me fat and I made jokes about it) and she told me that I’m not fat and that she can tell by my voice. It blew me back because I never had someone say that to me. 

I had to leave to go to something so I said that I had to dip and if she was down to play games and talk any other time. She said yes and before I left she said that I had a really nice voice and and that she liked it. I was completely blown back, it was the part of my body I hated the most. Everyone used to tell me to stop talking because it was annoying and a trash excuse of a voice. When the word went through my mind I felt such a surge of energy and motivation. I felt truly happy. It was something I haven’t felt since I was like 7. I never had this feeling of happiness before so after I got off I almost started crying, no one has ever been this nice to me before. And I usually never cry, not trying to sound r/iamverybadass but to fix my middle school reputation I had to do things I shouldn’t have done, earning me a sketchier reputation. So sharing or talking about my feelings wasn’t on the table for me except now. And now I don’t have cravings anymore which was weird but good, it was like it cleansed my body.

It’s a feeling warmer then drugs and liquor