OverdosingHear me out. If any of this applies to you, read this, please. Or at least try. (This does have a potential trigger warning).

I'm noticing an increase in the amount of posts about overdosing, more specifically their plans to do so. Copycatting perhaps? Started with one post, and others got the idea that this was a good one? Whatever the case may be,

DONT OVERDOSE. Not because I'm telling you to not kill yourself. I'm not saying _do_ kill yourself, but chances are you'll never hear me flat out say "don't kill yourself." If you are going to, for the love of God don't do it by overdosing. Overdosing is incredibly hard to die from. It's not easy at all. All you ever hear are successful stories of it, not unsuccessful. Making it seem like ODing is easy, or quick, or painless. It is none of those. 

People tend to SEVERELY underestimate how much it would take to kill you. Partly because you would not believe how much it takes. People get hospitalised all the time. Sometimes it's by accidental overdose, sometimes it's on purpose. It's rare for anyone to ever die, though. 

It is not quick. At all. Assuming you do manage to take an amount that can kill you (which, amounts needed differ from person to person, drug to drug, etc.!) it can take hours, upon hours to kill you. I seriously mean that. And that's assuming nobody happens to walk in on you mid-black-out or vomiting and take you to the ER. 

Which takes me to my third point, it's painful. Incredibly painful. Chances are the worst you will get is vomiting and a shitty stomach ache. That pain is not worth it for something that has an INCREDIBLY low success rate. Why even risk it? Symptoms of an overdose (though the symptoms and severity different from drug to drug) general include:
-Seizures
-Stomach cramps
-Abdominal pain
-Hallucinations
-Delirium
-Nausea
-Vomiting
Just to name a few. Not fun. At all. A comment I made a few days ago goes into all of this a bit deeper (it's copy and pasted word for word): 
"I'm not going to necessarily be the person who's like "don't kill yourself!" because that would be hypocritical of me. But don't kill yourself like that. Not with meds. OD on meds can be some of the most painful shit you will ever experience. And even then the success rate is pretty low, as people never know the right meds, the right amount, or how their body would react compared to someone else's. Most times, people won't even get very far. They'll get terrible fucking cramps, and that's about it. No where close to dying, but painful as all hell. Those who do get further usually still won't die, they just got a bit closer than most.

Symptoms of an OD vary from drug to drug, but usually, the most standard things (especially for OTCs) are nausea, vomiting, hallucinations, stomach cramps, delirium, abdominal pain, and seizures just to name a few. You can, and if you take enough, probably will get liver and/or kidney failure depending upon the drug, which in itself isn't painful, but the consequences of it can be. You can also get brain damage. Potentially permanent damage.

Should you get farther than most people do, but don't die, you'll likely be put on life support. Which isn't fun at all. Trust me.

According to a website I found, and have been to many times (but cannot and will not send a link to because it may be against the rules), ODing from non-prescribed meds (OTC) has about a 6% fatality. Which basically means it's not all that fatal, and probably won't kill you. Prescribed meds are only a bit higher at 12%. It's incredibly rare for someone to die from ODing as a method of suicide. When it comes to OTCs, at least. People will usually stop and back down when they realise how much excruciating pain they're about to be in.

Getting away from OD itself, suicide in general is actually pretty rarely successful. On average, one in 25 attempts are successful. That's 0.04 (1/25) or about 4%.

I assume that's because people have use the go to methods that are always though of, like cutting, OD, etc, but in reality, they don't know how hard it is to actually die from that. The body is pretty freaking resilient.

So, in other words, don't kill yourself through OD. You will regret it."



Now, with all that said, let me give the exact symptoms of what seem to be the most popular drugs (OTC/prescription wise) to attempt an overdose with: 

Acetaminophen (Tylenol) Poisoning Symptoms
Soon after taking an overdose of acetaminophen, you may have no symptoms from taking a toxic amount. You may remain symptom-free for up to 24 hours after taking a toxic overdose of acetaminophen.

After this initial period, the following symptoms are common:

Nausea
Vomiting
Not feeling well
Not able to eat or poor appetite
Abdominal pain
Confusion

Signs of fentanyl toxicity include:

Drowsiness
Sedation
Inability to think normally
Inability to talk
Trouble walking
Faintness
Dizziness
Confusion
Constricted pupils

Excedrin symptoms of overdose may include 
nausea, 
vomiting, 
loss of appetite, 
sweating, 
burning pain in the throat and stomach, 
stomach/abdominal pain, 
extreme tiredness, 
yellowing eyes/skin, 
ringing in the ears, 
rapid/shallow breathing, 
irregular/fast heartbeat, 
change in the amount of urine, 
dark urine, 
confusion, 
agitation, 
seizures, 
loss of consciousness

Antidepressant overdose signs are usually nausea, 
drowsiness, 
dry mouth, 
agitation, 
headache, 
vomiting, 
and diarrhea

With illegal drugs, with them all over the news nowadays, you probably know of the symptoms far, far better. I'll still list a few:
 
Heroin:
Bluish nails or lips.
Depressed breathing.
Weak pulse.
Pinpoint pupils.
Disorientation or delirium.
Extreme drowsiness.
Repeated episodes of loss of consciousness.
Coma.

Cocaine: 
Arrhythmias (irregular heart rhythm).
Severe tachycardia (elevated heart rate).
Very high blood pressure.
Dangerously high body temperature.
Sweating.
Nausea.
Confusion.
Severe anxiety or agitation.
Psychosis.
Tremors.
Seizures.
Stroke.

I'm not trying to scare you. Okay, maybe I am, just a bit, but most of this was to inform. If you're gonna go out, don't let it be after hours of excruciating suffering on end. Don't.