Help?I don't really understand how to start this, or even explain it. I'll just start with describing my life. This might be long so if you're not looking for a long read this isn't for you.. I suppose.

I am 17 years old and i'm a guy. I fucking hate my life. On weekdays, I wake up, go to school, go to work(on work days), go home, and eat and sleep. I repeat this for a majority of my week until the weekend. I usually work all weekend so I wake up at around 11am and do the same thing I do on the week excluding school. I work at a supermarket as a bagger. Now the job isn't all the bad but some of the people I work with are so fucking condescending. This isn't even the worse part. This is something i'm sure everyone deals with.

I'm going to move on from work now. I'm not exactly the most religious type. I don't believe in anything. I'm atheist. Now I haven't always been atheist but after my parents divorced and the clouds dispersed and showed me how shit my life really was getting I made up my mind. There is no "all loving god". I always feel so empty. I feel worthless and my life has no meaning. I have nothing I like doing other than playing CS:GO with some online friends(I have no real friends irl). I have "friends" irl, but really they're just people I talk to while i'm at school. Every other week we might go and hang out but it's quite obvious they don't actually enjoy my company. 

I used to have a girlfriend that I actually am pretty sure I loved. I found out later in the relationship that she was extremely suicidal and she self-harmed. I obviously attempted to help her but that did nothing. High school relationships are for suckers. I now know why you cannot simply get someone who self-harms to stop. I began to sh in the middle of that relationship and did it 4 months after it ended. One day I managed to stop and I lost the blades I used to do it so I just haven't began again since. I have contemplated suicide multiple times. I think about doing it everyday. I just haven't came up with the courage to do so. I'm a small guy so I can't do much about everyone and their insults. I have problems mentally and i'm starting to get it now. I need to be pointed in the right direction or even helped by a professional but i'm scared to tell anyone about my problem.