I just want it to end.I've been suicidal for as long as my memory can go. No matter where I look in my life, I just feel pain, suffering, and anguish. My childhood can be summed up as follows: I grew up in a hardcore christian zealot household. They didn't believe in medicating so when I was diagnosed with ADHD, they wrote it off as lazy. I also suffer from dyslexia to a lesser extent but nobody picked up on until after i flunked out of college. I also grew up with gender dysphoria and am stuck half way through my transition poor, in debt, and working minimum wage with gov health insurance that is just as bad as snail mail.

I had to endure things like having my fourth grade teacher ask my parents to bring a cardboard refrigerator box to put me in during class as to not disturb the other students. I owe the department of education money because I couldn't understand the legal agreement on the Pell Grant and some screw up financial aid lady at the college assured me that I wouldn't have to pay it back, even if for some reason I couldn't pass my classes.

The disabilities department at the college had lost my form so I wasn't able to get any assistance from them because I "didn't turn it in within the deadline". And to add insult to injury, my health insurance stopped covering the ADHD medication shortly into college thus causing me to struggle until I was academically dismissed for my grades. I wound up jumping from job to job and fighting my insurance to get that medication back, and see someone for my gender dysphoria which I ended up having to myself not covered by the insurance. They refused all services related to my gender dysphoria and I spent 2 years juggling work and fighting for them to cover anything until I had a mental break and went into the E.R. on a 5150 2 years ago.

The doctor put me on a mandatory full medical leave as I was not mentally fit to work. My significant other had contacted my employer to notify them that I was going on FMLA and they ended up firing me for "no call no show". I wound up having another mental snap and had to be admitted on a 5150. when I got out, I stayed at my boyfriends dads house till I found a job and we found an apartment. We moved into it, both names on the lease and everything. As soon as the first month went by, I started slipping into another depressive episode, he tried cheering me up, coerced me into birthday sex, and then took my portion of the rent for the next month and threw me out. Every attorney I met with said I had no case even though he broke a legal contract. The only person in my life that has any form of importance lives 14,000 miles away, is on disability, and just been told she can't come back to america anymore if she wants to stay qualified for her disability.

I never asked to be born with ADHD, dyslexia, and gender dysphoria. I never would of accepted the financial aid If I knew failing a course would require me to pay it back. I never chose this. I don't see this as a life, I see it as a cruel fucked torture that people say will get better. Every time someone has shown me a light at the end of the tunnel, Its ended in me being worse off. I can't live any longer if whats in front of me is just as bad as my past.