failed suicide attempt tuesday. really don't want to keep fighting anymore.my life is literally so bad right now some people will not believe me.i dont even know where to begin. lets start with my mental illness. i am bi-polar with adhd, mild ptsd and i finally found out i have disassociative identity disorder. i am on medication and for the most part it has been under control until recently.

i don't even know where to begin so i'll just let it flow out in no perticular order.

my mother is in her sixties and is getting dimentia. it runs in my family. i recieved a traumatic brain injury in 2013 and i am noticing what i believe may be the begining of my own battle with the same disease.

i found out that my dad is a child molester. unfortunatly i found out after he raped my son. now my son has ptsd and several other mental issues because ot it. the last 3 years he has been on a drug bender that he has finally gotten out of but it cost him his diploma. not graduating has made it difficult for him to get a job. i feel like its all my fault.

my house went into foreclosure and part of my mental illness is not dealing with problems. just ignoring them as they just overwhelm me. i tried to fix it but it was to late and my house sold on dec 23. i don't know what to do or if i even can fix that.

i have thousands and thousands of dollars in medical bills and credit card defaults that i just can't pay. i used to have a really good job and i got paid well before my accident but now i work at a small store and i haven't gotten a raise since i started in 2014.

i can't afford to register or insure my car so im driving illegally and have been for 6 months so i know i'm pushing my luck.

I haven't paid my electric bill in 3 years. i owe $21,000

i feel like a complete waste. thats why i tried to hang myself but i couldn't even do that right.

i tried to call out today and my boss decided my presence at work was more important than my mental health. i cried in the back of my store for 20 minutes. i'm at my wits end. i can't take it anymore.