It's becoming harder to handle and I'm starting to get worried...I haven't been officially diagnosed with depression or anything, but I've always suspected that I have it.

I'm 19 years old and I'm in uni, not doing terrible but I could be doing better (considering I have an exam tomorrow that I haven't started studying for, but I'm too down to give a shit). I have friends but only by chance it seems; it's difficult for me to approach strangers and talk. I think this social awkwardness/mild anxiety partly stems from my pornography addiction, because I wasn't like this before the porn/masturbation got out of hand.

But it's not like I'm masturbating 24/7, it just gets me in this vicious loop of guilt, shame, and more social isolation. What has really caused a lot of stress and pain in my life is my palmar hyperhidrosis. It affects me everyday of my life, physically but mostly socially. If I'm sweating I basically can't touch anyone with my hands without then getting grossed out. There goes any chances I have at job interviews (hand-shaking...), getting a girlfriend (and I already mentioned I'm shy and a bit socially awkward). It really has made me feel like my future is hopeless, amongst other things.

To the friends that I do have, I feel like I've treated some of them like shit even though I really don't mean to. Sometimes I'm happy and one small thing can happen (even as small as an awkward conversation with someone) and my mood flips and I (almost instantly) get depressive thoughts and become anti-social.

I've been getting suicidal thoughts, but I know I'm too much of a coward to act on any of those thoughts. I guess these thoughts give me a dark peace in my mind, knowing that I can decide at any day and time to kill myself.

This depression (I'm assuming) has really been on and off. I've been having these depressing and self-loathing thoughts for long time and I'm getting worried that nothing will change, me or these thoughts.

I don't even know where I'm going with this post, it has no structure or substance. I think I just had to let it out a bit and talk to someone, because I just can't talk about my problems with anyone I know. Getting high all day isn't making it any better, I think it's making it worse, because life is just harder to deal with sober.

Sorry for the rant, and sorry if I seem like a whiny bitch because I know there are so many out there in situations that are way worse than mine but I can't help but feel hopeless.