Survived many attempts. Currently at a crossroadsSo I’ve struggled with being suicidal since I was 14. I’ve attempted many times some were stopped, others didn’t work. I sunk into drug and alcohol addiction and many of my attempts involved being drunk or high. I recently lost one of my best friends (someone I loved dearly) to addiction. She was the only person I had met that understood me completely. The beginning of this year my friend from growing up tried to kill herself and told me when she was doing it. She didn’t want me to save her saying “you out of all people would understand” and I did but I went and saved her anyways. Now she’s still a depressed alcoholic and I have mixed feelings cause why the fuck did I save her just so she could continue to suffer, but I know it was the right thing to do. But anyways I tried to kill myself after that and failed, then a few weeks later my friend died of an OD. I tried to get sober after all that cause I realized if I continued my addiction I would die from either suicide or an od. I went to rehab and moved to live with my parents. I’ve been mostly sober (I smoke weed cause it helps with my suicidal thoughts, as I’m not acting on them). But I just want to die. I feel like I’ve traumatized myself with all these attempts. I can’t get past the thoughts that I don’t want anything in this life. I just want to feel loved and I have felt loved in the past but it was never enough or is gone now. I know I’m just rambling but I know I can’t do this to the people that care about me. I’ve been on the other side of suicide and I know how shitty it is to lose people. But fuck why can’t I just not always be in pain. I feel like I am waiting for someone to just kill me so it’s less painful on the people who care. Like I feel like going back to drugs so that maybe I’ll just die from that and it’ll be less tragic. But that’s so depressing. I want to be happy. I want to love and be loved back. I want to be strong. But that’s just not my reality