Need to understand mindset of a person suffering from suicidal depressionAsking on behalf of a friend.

My friend knows a guy who claims to have suicidal depression, often says that he will commit suicide but doesn't have the courage to do so and claims to be on antidepresents and since most of you on this forum are suffering from depression you guys will be the best people to help us understand his mindset.

&amp;#x200B;

A little background on the guy, he has been suffering from depression for more than 4 years, and during the interaction my friend had with him, she tried to uplift him, encourage him, motivate him, dedicated 4 years of her life solely looking after him but the only thing which ever made him happy was earning money and lost of money. Absence of money caused depression and presence of money made him super happy. He has lost friends in the process because he never put any sacrifice for any relationship or put in time and efforts on any relationship be it friends or his love life. He always had high expectations from people and always thought he was put on earth to be served and doesnt owe anyeone anything. It is not entirely his fault, because he lacks the mental ability to appreciate anyones efforts for him, he even doesnt appreciate his parents efforts and thinks he has sacrificed alot for them because he ONCE gave up an opportunity to join a university of his choice on his mothers wish.

Now long story short, he is at a point in life where he is earning alot of money and the girl (my friend) who was with him through thick and thin, who invested time and energy on him has been discarded and not appreciated for. He only fear right now is losing money because he is making alot of it. He has pushed away everyone from his life because of his own atitude.

Now he claims to have suicidal depression, he has put a public post in which he says that he is without freinds and without love and he is suicidal. So you guys suffering from major depression help me in figuring this out, Does a person suffering from extreme level of depression be doing extremely good at work? does a guy suffering from suicidal depression be making hell lot of money with his mind working at 100% efficiency, so much so that he takes calculated risks to increase his profit margins? does a guy siffering from extreme level of depression has so much presence of mind that he can perform so well. He is a high risk trader and is doing volume trading which he has not done ever in his career. So help me understand these contradicting statements that a person can have so much presence of mind and perform and be at the peak of his business career and still claim to be suicidal or was the public post just a tantrum he threw? How does the mind of a depression patient work?

He also enjoys weekends with friends playing poker although there is a rift in that friendship but he spends staurday nights there to have fun and relax his mind.

My friend was worried for him after seeing public post of suicide on one of the platform which he later deleted in a day, but she was really worried but fails to understand teh behaviour. Seeking guidance from people who are really at the verge of suicide, how well is yoru concentration ability? how do u perform at work? how is ur career growth? how do you feel? does your brain work at its optimal level during suicidal depression?

(He has had 3 breakups, all of which according to him was the girls faults whereas the other party always suffered greatly due to him not doing any efforts for the relationhip, cheating, no care, and lack of attention given to relationship) Can the whole world be wrong and hes right? He thinks all his ex's are wrong, he has pushed my friend who has burnt midnight oil to take care of him selflessly and pushed her away as well the moment his life got on track and he started making money. He only used people to his advantage until they are needed in his life and than claims to have depression because of no people in his life while still working well and doing what he loves doing the most, making money. For him money is worshipped and is categorized above any human being