Yes I'm Suicidal but I think I can help YouI've been suicidal for 35 years. Yeah, that's a really long time considering the 24th was my 47th birthday. Here's the thing, even w/ my 8 diagnosed mental illnesses, I've never attempted suicide. I do everything 100%. And I'm not saying that makes me in any way better or any less suicidal than anyone else here. But I work hard every day to see what I have to be thankful for. There isn't a lot, but even if I walk down the subway stairs &amp; my train arrives I thank the Universe. Like a lot of you, right now I'm having a really shitty life- My mom has Alzheimer's &amp; Posterior Cortical Atrophy and earlier when I was talking to her she thought today's newspaper was "one of those kids from down the street".Her vision is totally distorted so even in her moments of clarity it's unclear what she's seeing. My cat has cancer. 10 days ago one of my best friends died of sickle cell anemia. She was my inspiration as well as my friend. She never complained no matter how much pain she was in. She taught me not to feel sorry for myself because if she could be brave, so could I. Not that any of that matters in the end because I am practically always wishing for death.  
Here's the help part: In order to remind me to fight &amp; why I fight, I surround myself with positive quotes. That may seem too basic, but when you are stuck at the bottom of a well with slippery walls, sometimes the right words help you climb. I have one quote in particular that is in every room of my apt. It's by Winston Churchill and it's part of a speech from WWII.  
"Never. Never. Never Give Up!" Simple, yes but effective if you try your hardest to take it to heart. I'm including a link to a bunch of free books by an inspirational author unlike the ones we have today; this guy really meant what he said. He lived 1848–1924 &amp; his name was Orison Swett Marden. Before you do anything negative in any way, if you've read this post, please just pick a free title that most appeals to you, open to any page &amp; with an open mind and an open heart, read the book. It's in the format of quote, space, quote so start anywhere &amp; just read with all your heart. Put your pain into the quotes &amp; you'll see that perhaps not every one, but a lot of them will pertain to you. I swear. Write me back here on this thread if you truly don't think any of it pertains to you once you've read a couple of pages. Also, there are a lot of titles to choose from, so try a few. I know as well as anyone how little it can take to turn the glass from half empty into half full. Try it. Please, as a favor to a fellow human being who is struggling. Read.

 [http://unityway.net/lib/marden/index.html](http://unityway.net/lib/marden/index.html)