Success hasn't helpedEver since I was young I never fit in, I just didn't find interest in anything anyone else did.  I never really felt happy, though I have experienced pain.   


For a lot of my life this lead to me doing well nothing, as I honestly did not care. Yeah money is nice, yet I was never materialistic and have never been into any form of entertainment enough to care to pay for it.  


As i got older I realized it was best to at least make it look liked I cared, somehow managed to get a wife and kids. I do love them, yet kinda hate myself for bringing kids into this. Thankfully the are normal and find purpose and excitement here and are not like me.  So i tell myself that its ok.  


I had kids and a wife, yet still didn't do anything which got me a lot of hate. So I went out and did all that school stuff. Won awards, family is proud of me blah blah. Everything that should make me happy, make me better and fix me. Yet as I did it all the only thing that I could think of is how little it mattered what i did, it was all the same to me. I could sit doing nothing, or doing something. Only difference is how much effort it takes.  


And that got me thinking of all the effort I always need to put into everything, for no reward other then knowing maybe I can leave my kids something and provide for them  Yet I have no other reason to do anything, I could sit and not move and just die. I wish for it every night as the longer I live the more i start to dislike everything and find it annoying and pointless and stupid.   


I have achieved great goals, a path I even choose. got a good future could do all those things you see people do on TB and talk about on social media...and feel the exact same as i did before..i don't care...and these are only achievements because people keep saying they are and how happy i should be...how proud of myself..and see how they were right..its all i needed...no, no no..I wish i was dead. I don't want no more praise or anything.  


None of it matters to me, i never wanted it. I never said i couldn't do it i said i didn't want to. Anyone can do anything with effort they need motivation and I have none. And doing it because you feel you owe your children is natural not something to life for..its an obligations not happiness. they do make me happy i love them, And that causes pain as you need to worry about them because you love them. And the idea if anything should happen to them before me..  


yeah everything causes me pain, and nothing makes up for how much pain is in this world...I did love a lot of people most are dead now..I don't love many people anymore. people are just pain, effort goes unrewarded, nothing inspires or interests me. And its not new, i tried I did it i did what everyone says you need to do and i did it well..can i die now please, assisted and painless in a hospital?   


I am not the type to just off myself, and most ways of dying scare me...I just really don't want to be here anymore and if there was a nice way that would ensure i died and painlessly I would take it right now...just i am here because my standards of that have been lowering. And I have starting thinking of painless ways to do it myself as assisted for someone like me will likely never be allowed.   


I hate this all so much.