Not sure if it's worth it...I probably look like an ass posting this as one of my first posts, but I actually haven't got on in awhile and forgot my old username. Anyways...

Lately I've been feeling pretty depressed. I mean, every time I screw up I think about killing myself and I've been like this for a few years, but now I'm just feeling really upset.

It really got bad the yesterday when I was sitting in my Pre-Cal class (yes, I'm in high school) and this girl came up from behind me and said, "Just so you know, they're making fun of you back there." I don't even know why they were doing it, but it reminded me of when I was in middle school and these two girls tormented me everyday because I had (and still have) pale skin, freckles, and almost a red auburn hair color. Also, I was the only other girl in the class besides them and I guess they saw me as an easy target. It ended up continuing because they were also in my classes the next couple of years until high school. I guess that's when my problems started. There wasn't a night where I wasn't crying myself to sleep wishing I didn't even exist.

Well that's what I ended up doing last night, but now (opposed to my middle school years) I really don't think life is ever going to get better. Nobody cares for anyone in this world who's not in their personal bubble. I'm never going to amount to anything or achieve my dreams  because my self esteem is ruined and that effects what I want to do with my life. I want to major in Writing for Film &amp; Television and minor in Theatre. I mean, I use to think to myself, "Someday I'll win an Emmy and be on NBC and you'll still be a bunch of white trash losers." But I'm too shy to act or even do improv. I have to audition to be accepted into a theatre course and the last time I auditioned for a theatre production my anxiety took over and I forgot my lines even though I had them PERFECTLY memorized. That night I was going to overdose on about 20 valium, but I'm so much of a screw up that I lost the bottle of pills.

Even if I did kill myself, I don't think many people would give a crap. I guess my parents would, but I know my sister wouldn't and my friends most likely wouldn't. 
The reason I say this is because a few months ago one of my friends brought up some silly anon hate I got on my blog that was like, "lol ur dumb keel urself n00b." I really didn't care, but then my other friend said, "I wouldn't care if you killed yourself, to be truthful. In fact, I'd be happy. Everyone would be. No one cares about you." in a non-joking way.

I'm just not sure if all this is worth it. If this is how life is and if I'll never get to do what I love, then I don't want to live anymore.

So yeah. I guess I just needed to get that out. From what I gather, I really thing I have depression or s/t. I called the suicide hotline when I was in a bad place awhile back, and the guy told me to just tell my parents, but that's a lot harder than it sounds. Ugh. I don't know. 

I just need some advise.

/end pity party 