vent
this is probably really messy and hard to read and it might have some typos .. i put my whole soul into writing this lmao that was rlly tiring and im too tired to reread this im just gonna go to sleep now. school tomorrow !!! cant wait !!!! the system is fucked

The only reason i haven’t killed myself yet is because i’m scared of failing. What if it doesn’t work and instead of dying i become braindead, deformed or crippled?

I don’t believe there can be anything worse after death than my life right now so i’m not scared of that. I’d much rather be in hell than here.

Sometimes i just sleep to avoid facing reality but i can’t do that right now because i have to go to school. 

I hate my parents because they forced me to live. If i was forced to live, then why can’t i choose to die? Life is much more worse than dying. I hate anyone who has children in this world. Can’t you see how fucked up this place is? Why would you want anyone to experience this, especially your own child? Like are you a sadist or something lmao

I’m just a burden and i know for a fact everyone hates me. I’m selfish. I’m so annoying that i make even myself angry. I’m repulsing to look at and i feel bad for anyone who has to see me every day. If i died, so many peoples lives would become much easier. I’m painfully socially awkward and i’ve been that ever since i was a child. Even my therapist stopped seeing me because she said i just can’t talk lmao. I don’t blame her. 

I don’t want to finish school and then work for the rest of my life to keep myself alive when i don’t want to be alive in the first place.

I can’t decide if i’m excited to die or terrified to die. My opinion changes constantly. In fact, when i started writing this, i was terrified. Terrified that there’s no other way out than dying. Terrified that i’m gonna experience death at some point, whether i want to or not. But now i’m excited. Excited to know that if something goes terribly wrong in my life i can always just kill myself. Excited that i have my life in my hands, excited that i can control at least one thing. Excited to see what’s after death and excited to feel the satisfacion of knowing that now finally everyone will believe how much pain i was in all these years.

There’s so many ways i could do it. I’m on sertraline and currently i have like 8000mg of it, not sure. I could take them all + some pills my mother and father have. I live near traintracks. If i felt like it, i could just get up now, walk for two minutes and i’d be there. I could cut my wrists or throat open. I could hang myself. I could jump off a cliff or a tall building. I could jump under a truck. I could drink or eat something poisonous. I could just break my neck or something idk there’s so many ways

I remember i had many friends &amp; was really popular in 1th-3rd grade but then something changed. I think people started caring about looks more than personality so nobody wanted to be seen with me anymore. After that i had 1 best friend. Everyone else either completely ignored me or bullied me. In 7th grade she started doing that too.

I don’t even want to think about the future. I hate it when people ask me what i’m planning on doing after school ends. Or where i see myself in 10 years. In a grave bitch!!! No but fr i don’t want to do ANYTHING i just want it all to end. Stop asking. I don’t want to think about it.

And i hate when i tell people i want to kill myself and they say ”but think about your family and friends. how will they feel?” GIRL WHAT FRIENDS !! my family will just be relieved that they won’t have to worry about me anymore. Maybe it’ll hurt them for a while, maybe a week, but in the long time run,, it woud make their lives much better.
Plus, i don’t want to be alive for other people, i want to be alive for myself. At this point i can’t even care if i hurt anyone. I’m in so much pain.

At this point, if someone tried to kidnap me, i would willingly go with them. Just to get a break from my life.

I feel terrible because my life isn’t even hard compared to many other peoples lives. But it feels hard to me. I feel like if i killed myself it would just be natural selection. I’m too weak and sensitive for this world. At least im self aware ig

I don’t want to be old and i’ve known for years that i will kill myself when i turn 25. But now i think it might happen sooner.