I really wish I had killed myself.Not sure if this belongs here, since I'm not going to kill myself, but I've just been thinking about it a lot.  I accept the inevitability of my own mortality as a reason not to kill myself.  Death is inescapable, suicide is even more meaningless than life.

I had the perfect opportunity to do it years ago.  I had just graduated from a high school that hated me (I was an open atheist at a Catholic high school), I was going to a college where no body knew me, I had just been dumped by the love of my life, it would've been perfect.  Say what you will about high school romances, but it's been 4 years now.  I've still never completely healed from the emotional scars.  I haven't been able to hold on to a relationship with any girls, probably because I just now have an inherent hatred and mistrust of them. 

The only people I would've hurt would've been my family.  I would have gone out with as little emotional collateral damage as possible.  It would have been perfect.

I wish I had done it then.  I wish they could look back on me and say "He had so much potential, how tragic" instead of looking at me now as a *pathetic* waste of potential.

A lot of people talk about what they'd do differently if they could go back in time and change something.  Personally, I think no matter what I change, I'd probably wind up fucking up worse.  So I'd go back in time and tell myself to end it.  If I fucked that up, then I at least would've gotten help sooner, instead suffering a massive nervous breakdown and having to drop out of school.

Sorry if this isn't going to be a chance for anyone to feel good about themselves.  There's nothing to talk me out of anymore, I know right now I've got too many people around me that would be too devastated if I took the easy way out now.  Over the last few years I've become entirely socially well-adjusted except for the crushing lonliness.  I just wanted to get this off my chest.  I've learned lots of lessons in my time.  One of them is that I have very good instincts.  And all of them back then were telling me to end it.  It's only been downhill since then.

I'm not encouraging anyone to kill themselves.  I don't mean to put the idea into anyone's head that life can get worse just by continuing to live it.  You're probably not the kind of fuck up I am.  I've spent the last 4 years of my life finding it an accomplishment to just continue breathing.

I just hate myself with every fiber of my being.  I hate myself too much to even end it.