It's here, just right around the corner, I can feel it looming, hopefully aiming for tonight to be the night! Goodbye fellow brothers and sisters &lt;3I just feel like expressing some thoughts before I go. If you aren't up for a bit of crazy talk, you'd be best to move along because I can't summarise a TL;DR for this. 

&amp;#x200B;

Firstly to be clear, I haven't made this decision on a whim, or in the midst of a temporary personal crisis. I have contemplated this decision through a plethora of perspectives, and I feel that I've come to this point as objectively as possible for an individual to make. My personally struggles are chronic, I wear many scars from the battles I've fought in my 33 years on this planet. Unfortunately for me, I also have wounds that will not heal, and the passage of time only makes them fester and become progressively more infected. That's not to say I haven't enjoyed a lot of my life, I've had many wonderful experiences, and don't feel like my journey was at all meaningless. 

I wont be talked down, and I respectfully wont reply to any attempts to change my mind. I love you for your humility and instinct to reach out to help others, but any perspective you think to offer me, believe me, I have already been there, planted my flag and moved on. 

 

I wish the very best for every single one of you, and I hope more than anything that you find peace and happiness in whichever direction your journeys go. 

&amp;#x200B;

Now, I just want to share a few of my nutty thoughts, ideas of which are sort of part of my own personal philosophy and outlook on life. 

&amp;#x200B;

I am at peace with my decision. I am not afraid anymore of coming face to face with my own mortality. 

We as humans, live in a very peculiar reality of our own. Our very existence is what the creator of our reality. Without you, a piece of reality will never be conjured or experienced ever again.

How different the world would be from the perspective of a beetle, or to an entity as vast as a galaxy. Just as a human being averages around 70-ish years of life, a gnat experiences a lifetime within a single day. This reality is as much "us" as our eyes, hair, hearts, fingernails, down to every cell in our bodies and beyond. Our skin maybe a barrier of physical sensation, but we don't end at our skins, we ARE in fact EVERYTHING that we ever experience. 

Both light and sound are on the same vibrational spectrum. Meaning that our very hearing and sight are just two different interpretations of the same thing.

It may lead to the question; what does reality truly "look" like in it's rawest form? 

Well, I guess it's unknowable, at least to a physical being. In it's rawest form it is actually EVERYTHING that can possibly be, also but NOTHING at all without something to experience it. I believe it's simply boundless and complete, waiting for new senses to awaken to more wonderful and unimaginable ways of experiencing itself.

People often say that you only live as long as the last person that remembers you. That's true, and that's just the hard facts of our human condition. But if we look through a different lens, we were not born ON this beautiful planet, we were born OUT of it, a planet formed by the very artefacts and events of the Universe itself. 

We ARE the Universe.

When we look up to the stars, we are quite literally the Universe looking back at itself. Every experience we have is a collective one, and an experience that the Universe is having, ever awakening, becoming more and more aware of itself 

Similarly like the facilitating predicament of our brains, it's the ONLY known thing in the entire Universe that is aware of it's own existence - and on a trippy side note; it's also aware of the fact that's it aware, that it's aware...  I wont elaborate further into that rabbit hole, but you get the picture. 

Beyond the illusion of our separateness from other things, on the deepest, truest level, what we really are, is just a series of "happenings". We are just pieces of the ever novelty sprouting expressions of Nature. It's just doing a cosmic dance, blossoming outward in exponential complexity. Call it Nature, the Universe, or even God... Whatever label people have used to describe it... it is ONE, and that is who we really are beyond the illusion of individuality. 

You are me, and I am you, and we are both everything that can ever be, has been, or ever will be! And we've always been, and always will be... We're just in that very strange predicament of experiencing a human consciousness. Our evolutionary makeup is a automation of survival instincts and sensations. We need this sensation of separate sentience, it's how we've been able to navigate and take advantage of our environment for the past 100,000 years. Our thoughts and contemplations;

from deciding about what to eat for dinner - to having feelings of self harm, and pondering what will happen to "me" when it happens.

It's all just automatic survival mechanisms, you're human, so your separate ego is part of the deal. You're ability to think is complementary to an organism that has to move, hunt, eat, take shelter etc... pretty much your thoughts are there to carry your dumb ass through life. Turning your thoughts inward with ideations about suicide, is usually quite distressing, confusing, and often frightening. Don't think that make's you a coward, screwed up or ashamed. You're doing a mental equivalent of putting your hand in the fire, and as you're equipped to feel pain abruptly get you to safety, the mind relies on fear, doubts, and rationality to get itself out the potential danger zone. 

To be clear, I'm not trying to encourage anyone to do anything, or dismiss their potentially good reasons and rationality to keep themselves safe. I believe that suicide is not a good solution for at least 90% of cases. 

&amp;#x200B;

Anyway...

In our current dilemma of the accessible parts of reality that a physical being is capable of witnessing. We experience the passage of time in a linear sense, not to forget that our very perception of the "speed" of passage doesn't really have any bearing outside our own perception. The rule of thermodynamics dictates that energy can not be extinguished, only transformed into other forms of energy in equal measure. By the very laws of nature, physical things are always effected by other physical factors, and in essence no physical thing can exist forever unscathed. So our very environment will eventually kill every living thing regardless. But if time is not a manipulatable barrier in a physical dimension, what does it mean if there were realms of experience beyond physicality? Perhaps time can be turned, and stretched, paused, and rewound... Or maybe time as we understand it doesn't even exist, everything that has ever happened since the beginning of time itself, actually exists in all at once forever. And just the fact that you even ever existed at all, will be eternally preserved in some way. (It's hard to explain what I'm getting at coherently)

It is my belief that my very existence, is mostly automatic drives and reactions to environmental stimuli, and my sense of individualism/ego is just survival mechanisms masquerading as sentience. In the grand scheme of things my death is no more significant than a leaf falling from a tree, because I was never truly the leaf in the first place, but merely an expression of the tree itself, and at some juncture, in some bizarre, currently inconceivable way, it'll all makes absolute sense! Maybe I'll find out soon lol, who really knows anything about this absurd reality? Science can examine and measure the observable, which has granted us with an abundance of invaluable abilities to manipulate our environment. But perhaps no matter how advanced our discoveries become, maybe we're barking up the wrong tree, and these endeavours will never be able to break the fourth wall on the space x time box we exist in. We'll ALWAYS be on the frontier, the cutting edge of how far we've come, but that can only be measured from looking backwards, when it would be reasonable to assume that we've only advanced 2 steps onward from using a bone as a club. 

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry for the totally random, and probably downright incoherent and unrelatable ramble. I don't have much opportunity to discuss my thoughts with real life, so I have a lot verbal repression built up.  

&amp;#x200B;

# "I will go gentle into that good night.... I will not rage, rage against the dying of the light"

&amp;#x200B;

If I disappear and go dark, you'll know what's happened. 

&amp;#x200B;

I love you all. 

All the best guys &lt;3