Fully convinced again that I'll kill myself by age 20.There are zero reasons to be alive. Everyone who thinks they have a great life and are happy all the time, totally would not be if they just understood how pointless life is. What I'm saying is they're too closed minded to understand, and I know that sounds very narcissistic, but if you think about it, it's true. Biologically, the only thing we as humans are "supposed" to do is reproduce. But why? What is so great about humans that we need to keep our species alive? Maybe because we are the most advanced species to exist ever. But why is that a good thing? I just cannot comprehend why people want to live and thrive. Maybe they have a purpose? But purposes don't mean anything in the grand scheme of things.

And this is all if you're actually a decent person to begin with. I, on the other hand, am incredibly selfish and rude, underweight, lazy, have clinically diagnosed anxiety, severe depression, and ADHD, so to put it simply-- I'm not ideal.

I went on a bit of a rant, but anyway, I'm fucking miserable now because I've realized how pointless my existence is. This is an opinion I've held for a long time and didn't flesh out until now. Say what you want, but to me, this is the correct answer to the never-ending question of meaning. I'm saying I'll do it by age 20 because by then I will have moved out of my parents house and I will be of legal age to gain access to better ways to kill myself, in other words, a firearm. Right now all I have is a bottle of tylenol and that's a horrible way to go.

And I will wait until I'm out of my parents house because I want nobody to try and save me. I've been hospitalized before for a suicide attempt and that was the worst experience of my life so nobody better "save" me. Literally spent most of my time there plotting how I could sneak out so I could jump in front of a truck on the nearby freeway. I've also had the police sent to my house too because they thought I was suicidal after I called the stupid hotline which I'm never fucking calling again.

So yeah, life is pointless, and I'll be so glad to put an end to mine when I finally can. 2 AM rant over.