Honestly, i think i give upI've never felt as bad as i am feeling this week, and i think i finally get it. I was struck with all of these existential and personal reflections and i came to the conclusion that there is no way i can be happy or satisfied in my life. My broken family, composed of many oblivious, crazy and fake people, has made me believe that all i can await in adulthood is misery. It's too damn unlikely for me to be in a nice and undying relationship with someone, and if i ever have any children, they are be bound to be in even worse situations that i am. Truth is, i don't believe i can even achieve true love. I was rejected by the girl that i deeply love with so little effort, how many times do i need to fail before i can ever be loved back? I haven't managed to get this girl to like me, how could i ever keep her? how could i ever keep anyone? it's going to take too long for me to get to the same place as the other guys of my age are, is it even worth trying? i want to finish myself because there is no perspective of success, of improvement for me, all indicates that even if i get as far as having a wife and children of my own, it won't last and all it will do is create misery and torment for them, as they will feel the same way as i am right now. i have repressed these suicidal thoughts for a long time, but i don't think that i can delay this any longer. I expected things to change eventually, that one day i could maybe move past this gloomy feeling and start being more happy and hopeful again, but it turns out that will never happen, there is no turning back now, no way to climb out of the bottom. I have read and heard some advice, but all of the people that talk about this turn out to be shit at giving said advice, like it's as easy as getting rid of a cold. it was also no help saying that only by changing things i am hopeless of being able to change i can get out of this situation, it ended up making me feel even less hopeful. I'm done now, i think that is all i feel comfortable of talking about, i'm not going to end myself now, but i am planning as to when and how it should happen, so that the people around me and myfamily won't feel responsible for it, i'll probably make it look like a fatal accident.