Major setbackThis might jump back and fourth abit and be all over the place, so apologize for that.

Three weeks ago i was violently raped by two men at the same time in my own house and its been hard to cope. Before this happened i was on my way up from years of feeling like shit, and finally starting to feel good and confident, but this has been a major setback, and made me worse than ever.

All my life ive had few friends, been distant, bad in social situations and hated almost every kind of physical contact or closeness with other people, i just really want to stay inside and not really talk to people that much, so what happened really fucked me up.

I dont know how to proceess this and im still in a weird state and cant think correctly, my boundaries were pushed so far and i dont know if ill ever be the same.

I feel dirty, stupid and emasculated, and i just want to end it all. Ive posted more detailed about what happened in rape-related subreddits, and even though ive gotten alot of support, I still dont know how to cope and i dont see any reason to continue living.

Im not gay, i want these thoughts out of my head, its so wrong and one of the worst things that has ever happened to me, I dont want to feel like a weak man anymore i just want it all to end

The main reason i havent done it yet is because family life is complicated, and i have to take care of my siblings in alot of ways where my parents should have, but they are dysfunctional. So i dont want to ruin the family by taking my own life and not being able to properly take care of my siblings. 

I really just want to forget this forever i want it out of my head i wanna feel clean again i just wish i could drop out of school and move out and live alone, not having to talk to anyone, only my close friends occasionaly, but school is really fucking me up but its the most important thing i have in life because i need to get a good job, fuck this shit. I just wish i wasnt targeted i dont know what made me deserve this :( thank you for reading though