hmmI've been around for a short time. 

All I ever cared about was to learn so that one day I could do something to improve the lives around me. I never sought to have luxury though comparatively I may live that way if only for a brief period. I just wanted to sate my curiosity. To have friends and possibly a family. In all I do I try not to be a burden, not to let my depression take hold of me. However I toil and struggle just enough to maintain my existence never to have time to branch out, to make something better. How much of my life must be sacrificed, in order to obtain freedom? What is the measure of one's worth? 

I am continually conflicted, a part of me want's to perish and yet another to strive. The chaotic nature is only sufferable so far.

On my journey i have met many people. A boy who boasts knowledge yet suffers from his braggadocios ways , A woman who has been abused by her husband, a child who has to live with their grandmother from abusive parents, and lives who were wasted by ignorance. We strive to make a world a better place, that is how I view the world. However, what happens when you are unable to view paths to better yourself.

I find it sad that I do not find the will to break my own chains. Despite my skills they appear meaningless to me if I can not even use them to help myself. Everything in this world must be proven by a documented testament to your worth it appears these days. A document that takes you in to indentured servitude. A document that takes your freedom. What is the pursuit of happiness if your pursuit leads you to serfdom and back. What is so wrong with what I do. I work full time, I go to college, I have done a lot in my power to be self sufficient. I pay my bills, taxes, rent, insurance. What is it that I am doing wrong for myself. I believe I have sacrificed my friendship, my pursuit for love, and now it has begun to consume me to drive me away from my family. 

My desire to become better has cost me a significant amount of my time, and has wasted nearly all of my youth. I seek for options but none are tenable, not in my current state. I have began to believe one dream must take over the other. In doing so will I happy I am uncertain. It takes a lot to live on your own. I have done so for 6 years. It has taken it's toll on my mental state of mind. I dance on an edge now, waiting for myself to slip over it. All I can do now is wait. Wait for a time to break out of the contract that binds me. Though I view suicide as a selfish act, I am still considering it for after 15 years of on going depression. Depression is a force that will drag you when you let your guard down. It will strike at any time.

You can say it is pretty funny however. What creates the world in this way, who lays out the ground work. I know it is not me. What makes us so venerable... the answer is uncertain. possibly the world is still just so undeveloped that it is unavoidable to have this mindset. To think that of all the work I have slaved in that in reality it is just meaningless. What purpose is there in doing a meaningless job? I am exhausted with myself. I have no drive to either live or kill myself. Pitiful really. 