Why can't I change?I want to kill myself because I am not satisfied with life and I don't want to do the whole living thing. I am not satisfied with my life mainly because I am depressed most of the time. I dont have the motivation to do daily tasks and I am constantly burdened with suicidal thoughts. I get angry with people and annoyed by everyone for small things or just people being who they are. Which has left a major impact on my view of the world. When I have a problem with the way someone is I don't bring it up with the person. I tell another person and give out about not knowing what to do or I give out about being annoyed and I hate this about myself. I expect people to read my mind or magically realise that I am hurt or offended by this persons behaviour and this has only caused hurt for others or ends in me ghosting people or being ghosted too. And the thing is I don't know how to change this. Maybe I should be mature and talk to people about things even though it will be hard and it will hurt for a little while. When I am dealing with a stressful situation like this what I usually do is shut down. I get depressed because I don't know what to do and I don't talk to anyone because I want to avoid a certain person because talking to them feels like a chore. I see everything negatively when I am depressed. I know how I can be, moping around, nobody wants to be around a depressed person, so I usually lock myself away from the world. I think that most people are boring or annoying and this makes it difficult to make friendships. I don't put any real effort into anything anymore. Not even the friendships that I have miraculously maintained for a long time. I'm angry at myself and I know that this is just who I am and I can't keep anything that makes me happy because I fuck it up. Even when I was a child I hated everything and everyone, I didn't want friends. This took a toll on my social skills which I now lack. I know that I can't put work into anything for long. I am not good at anything. I am average at most things and then I give up. The future just seems like it will be dissatisfying. I will have to work most of my life. Living is a chore. Going through with dying is work so I will just do nothing until it's too overwhelming.