Second attempt I think about killing myself a majority of my days, it is the main thing that occupies my thoughts and it has been for at least two months now. I have decided that I will try again, this weekend, using charcoal grills in the car to poison myself with Carbon Monoxide. I think about the details. I think about how and where I can light the grills and not get caught. Where I can park and not be found. I think about how to let someone know to be careful when they open the door. I think about how this will effect the people close to me and loosely connected. I think about how little I have prepared and how I have not left money for a funeral. I google cost of a funeral and realize its 10k which is so much money. I think of the burden I will be leaving on so many, but I realize that I won’t be around to have to deal with the reprocutions of it. This reaffirms that I am a selfish, no-good person who does not really love people, just uses them. I worry about something regarding work and then think, well I won’t have to worry about that since I will be gone. I write action items for work, and think, this is silly because I will be gone by Monday. I eat cake. I don’t exercise. I don’t talk at the meeting. I try to talk at the dinner table and feel judged and awkward. In the back of my mind, I think, maybe I can get through this, but I realize I’ve already fucked myself over so far. 

I feel to far down the rabbit hole to get out. I see happy people and I hate them. 

I am the most boring, miserable person I know and I want to die. I’m going to do it Saturday. I’m surprised I made it this far. It is not the job. It is not my friends or family who love me. It is me. It is that I feel sick all over with hate for myself. It is that I am selfish, boring, fake and unskilled and have fooled people for some time. It’s that I feel dead inside, I feel dirty, ugly and sick. I see everything in the negative, I have no passion, no goals, nothing in my life that brings me joy. I cannot imagine a world where I will. True, I have felt intense joy before, but it is so fleeting, and I don’t trust it anymore. Joy because of a new romance, a party, a drug, a new job or success. False. Fake. 
