I can't recover from the time it took to transitionHello... I am 24 years old and I started transitioning at 15 years old, I did a good job getting hormones online and doing it myself. I promised myself back then, that if my transition didn't work and I ended up looking like a trans woman instead of a cis woman, that I would kill myself. So I was really motivated. I thought things would be okay since I started early.  


But it was too late, there was already damage done to my body. And I really procrastinated on making enough money for surgeries, since I felt like a normal job wouldn't make enough money and I had too much anxiety to work in retail or food service or something like that. I didn't want anyone to see me. But if I had just started working back then, I could have had all of my surgeries right now. Instead, all I've gotten is this stupid breast augmentation which wasn't important at all.

I had such a confusing life. I don't know why I don't get misgendered more. I look exactly like the person who I grew up hating. I can't forgive myself for the way I acted back then, in middle school and high school, and the way that cis women felt around me. And it never changed, it feels like I'm the same person as that bad guy who . Ihate. 

But I don't think I actually know what I look like. There are times when people made fun of me or clocked me instantly or misgendered me. I look in pictures and I see the worst tranny who I was always afraid of becoming. Really gross and I throw up. I know that people don't see me as a real woman. But sometimes they can't tell at all, or guys tell me I'm hot, one time there was even a girl who was interested in me without knowing I was transgender. That was a nice experience. Probably the only nice experience I had. But I really don't understand how that stuff happened. I look in the mirror and I just see that guy again. 

If I had gotten surgeries by now, at least FFS to fix my face, I could have held on to a lot more people. I wouldn't have lost the support of the women who I really looked up to, but I was afraid of them, and they rejected me. I don't mean romantically, I mean that I will never be considered a real woman now, because the strong women who live here do not see me that way. And they're right about me. I wish I was one of them. I'd have really been able to help people.

Instead those women hurt me really badly. And I never got support for my trauma, being abused as a child and then having people sexually take advantage of me in high school, and just generally make me feel horrible about myself. Most of the women here say that they support victims of trauma, but I never got support. It's my fault for lashing out and not getting surgeries faster to improve my mood. Even my family doesn't like me, maybe if I hadn't been bad, they would have supported me way more, like these trans kids who live in my town. All day I have flashbacks to the times when I was bad, and I'm paralyzed. There are probably hundreds of bad memories now, and they take up most of my day    


In the real world, there are trans women who started transitioning later than me, but in like 5 years or less they were able to get FFS, SRS, and everything.... They worked harder than me, so they deserve to be real. It's been 9 years and nothing has changed for me. I wanted to prove people wrong, but then I should have worked harder. I just proved them right about me, that I would always be this person. I'm so disappointed in myself but there's nothing else I can do. 

Today and last night I took many pictures of my body and started measuring my proportions, it is all wrong. I started way too late and I didn't work hard enough to fix it. I have an FFS consultation next month but my plan to pay for it is stupid and won't work. I don't need to go to the consult just to find that out 

I feel like my life is already flashing and it's so strange. Men treating me in opposite bad ways, and women being really scary, and me being really gross   


I will try with alcohol and pills and a plastic bag today but I don't know what will happen . I really didn't want to die in this house, so I was thinking of doing it somewhere else, but I don't think I can. I'm  sorry to my best friend