I've finally given in.I have struggled with mental health since I was about 13 years old and repressed memories of abuse from my brother came to light. I talked to my mom about the abuse and she told my dad and they...did nothing. They each spoke to me about it once and pretty much just said "that's sucks that it happened." I have slowly deteriorated into the most useless person on earth since then. I had a decent time in high school because I had some things going for me, but once I got to college everything snowballed. I went from being on the dean's list to failing most classes and barely passing others. I changed from a major I was passionate about because I couldn't handle the social pressure involved which wasn't even that much pressure. I'm just no good at talking to people and making friends. I eventually dropped out because if I didn't I was going to flunk out. Now my long-term boyfriend does everything to take care of me. I've never had a job and I have a violent, aggressive panic attack when I even start to look for part time work. I can't cook, I rarely leave the house, and now even my coping mechanisms - both healthy and not - don't make a single impact on my stupid, useless brain. I've fought against this for so long, but last week, while I had some friends over, I was in the bathroom feeling ok. Which is way better than I usually feel. But then I got that familiar rush of sad numbness again. And I just knew. I realized right then that this will be the end of me. My death will be from suicide. I do not know when but I do know it's inevitable. I've tried to get help in the past but it's just so hopeless. I feel better in the moment talking to counselors but as soon as I get home I just dismiss it and go back to my pathetic, useless existence. It's like I want to stay like this. Or at least my brain does. I was put on antidepressants for awhile and was very hopeful that would help me but instead it made me hate myself more. I always felt like a phony. Like I was only feeling "better" because of this facade the pills put up. I couldn't even stand to look at myself.. So I weaned off of them and felt quite a bit better for some time. I was glad to be my genuine self again. But then I remembered that my genuine self is a useless piece of shit who bums out and burdens everyone around me. So now I'm just waiting. I know the day is getting closer but I still have no clue when it'll take me. But no matter when it is it'll be too late. I've already caused everyone around me so much grief and wasted so much of their time that they'll never get back...