I feel like I am invisible but hey at least they don't walk over meHave you ever wanted something? Something you'd work hard towards? Maybe just maybe you'll catch sight of it. Well I did, I'm only 21 and my sole goal in life is to be happy, a bit vague sure but it means I can do anything in the pursuit of happiness. Or does it? As you can probably guess I enjoy writing, in particular philsophically. But I can do anything that I enjoy in life to achive my goal. I could be dirt poor but with the one I care about (Position now vaccant) or earn money and hang with my friends. I am trying to earn money and my friends don't seem to do anything other than sit on their ass or work to get high.

When I was in high school I met someone I cared about but due to identity issues I got depressed. I ended it. My friends whom I met in highschool (I'm Australian btw) I stopped talking to for reasons most noteably one was a prev, I dated one twice (once in highschool once out), A friend became a shutin and I try to see him but its depressing to see him like that. 

So yeah I talk to him sometimes and basically everyone in another friends life because I've somewhat become family. He knows I have a thing for him and is totally cool with it but his misses isn't. I told him when they were split up but more for the sake of unburdoning myself of secrets. He and his brothers (whom he lives with) are always trying to get high. It is cool, support this but don't have an interest in it as much as they do. I have only been high a handful of times and would prefer to get somewhere in life rather than well get drunk or stoned.

I have been puttiing out my resume and changing it, updating it ect but nothing. As I have all the time in the world to do whatever cost $0 to cheap I have even tried to going on okcupid, not sure if you can search my account name but I'm TestNewWaters if your interested. If you havent figured it out yet, I don't have a lot of human interaction and want it. I'm not the life of the party nor the knowledgable person whom everyone goes to or even the someone who seems to be good at everything or a specific job type. I seem to be another object that gets in the way and I am begining to feel that way or more correctly begining to feel better if I was out of the way. I haven't made an impact on many peoples lives but I've made a good one. or at least thats what I'd like to say. I don't want to die but I'd be lying if I said I wouldn't embrass it, seems I'd have more of chance in the afterlife to feel any form of meaning. I'm also an athiest and don't believe there is anything after