I was going to kill myself on September 15th, I ended up hospitalized for 2 weeks instead, I've been out for one week and already want to kill myself again. My new date is October 15th. (LONG, VENT, SENSITIVE)I am setting the date once again since I failed last time by making the mistake of telling my therapist. I spent two weeks straight in the hospital, got put on meds and increased weekly therapy after not eating or sleeping for a week straight and for having constant suicidal thoughts. They wanted me to stay at an inpatient step-down program after the hospital but my family talked me out of it by yelling at me and telling me it was a stupid idea. I regret not going because at least it would have let me live away from my abusers.   


I am not cut out to live with the way the world currently is. I am currently unemployed, my therapist is trying to help get me on disability because I am not fit to work due to my multiple mental illnesses, but it's taking forever. I am about to run out of health insurance coverage and because I am unemployed and quickly running out of money I can't afford the high cost it takes to have insurance. Once I run out of insurance I will simply have to blow through what little savings I have just to pay my bills. I will then be without money, in debt to the hospital, unable to afford my therapy or my meds, and out of options. I was going to try to apply for medicaid but I can't understand the process and keep messing up the application. I am going to lose my school scholarship because I couldn't preform in class and had to drop courses. I will likely owe a large sum of money to the school for this. I tried getting in touch with student services but they brushed me off.   


I am going to say goodbye to my therapist as subtly as I can. I won't be able to see her anymore once I run out of money and just thinking about not having the one support that has kept me going is just enough to give me the courage to finally kill myself. I want to cry just thinking about not having therapy with her anymore, it puts me on the verge of a panic attack just to think about it as much as I am.   


October 15th is the date because I am obsessed with numbers that end in 5 or 0. If I fail again on the 15th, I will try again on October 20th. And so forth. I hope to not fail this time and I am going to try as hard as I can to not accidentally tell someone again. I will write out my notes on paper and keep them in my car for people to find when they're ready. I will overdose on all of my meds and then jump off of a bridge. I have found several good spots to accomplish this and will do it late at night or very early in the morning. I will prepare myself mentally over the next few weeks.  


I can't live a life full of mental illness and trauma. The OCD alone is bad enough to give me the strength to complete my suicide. I want to thank those who tried to reach out last time. Your messages were kind.   


If I fail again and end up hospitalized they likely will not let me out for a very long time. Please pray for me. Pray that I don't fail and that my death is quick and as painless as possible. I am praying for all of you and will take my prayers with me until the very end.