My ex told me a cop is working on a case of harassment against me. Meanwhile my dad has suffered a blood clot and might go blind. I think my life is over.
 For anyone who takes the time to read this I only ask for you to not judge me harshly as I already know. I know. If anyone reads all of this thank you so much.

2 months ago I broke up with my ex. I am 21 years old and live in NC. She lives in Philadelphia. This was my first REAL girlfriend and first love. But she had cheated before we became “official” and throughout relationship screamed and had tried to punch me in face for silly reasons like sneezing while she was asleep. I loved her tho. She made me feel safe but also scared at the same time. I spent 1200 dollars, all I had on the relationship. But eventually I couldn’t take it and broke it off 2 months ago. She kept saying sorry and saying she missed me so I told her let’s try again in a week and she agreed. I came back in a week and she was ignoring me even tho she was the one who wanted it. I kept emailing her (like 5 times on 2 of my accounts) till she responded and said she didn’t want to fix things but then later said she missed me and loved me and we tried to work on it again.

But in a week she was back to attacking me for making fun of her dish of eaten lobsters. In two weeks I went back to her for the money she owed me and was supposed to pay back. This is money I only spent on her because she said she will pay it to me by June In time for my summer classes. But now she suddenly said no she didn’t want to and told me to not contact her. I logged into 3 different iMessage accounts trying to beg for the money she owed because I needed the summer classes and I had nothing left. When she refused I broke down and for the first time insulted her. I insulted her appearance and told her even her personality is bad since she cheated and lied to me constantly.

Later I texted her mom saying I insulted her daughter badly and was hoping she’d make sure she’s safe as her daughter has tried committing suicide multiple times throughout our relationship over nothing. Her mom threatened to tell my parents I was bothering her daughter. And said she’ll get police involved.

A week later I messaged her on Xbox and said I’ve forgiven her and moved on and please do not contact my parents because they have enough troubles. 2 weeks later my friends “pranked” me and said my girlfriend is leaking lies and horrible stuff about me. I emailed saying why is she doing this to me and that I could leak stuff about her if she really is going to attack me like this. Then my friends tell me it was a prank.

2 weeks later I write her a long email on a new email account wanting to make sure it wasn’t blocked, apologizing and telling her even after everything I cherish our memories and while we can’t date I said I hope she will want to be friends one day. 3 days later I messaged her Facebook with an alt saying her rabbit account has public feed of us together and that she’d want to delete it and I told her I hope we can be friends. She didn’t block this Facebook and it made me like an idiot think she was warming up to the idea even tho she hadn’t responded since the bad fight.

I wanted this as a way to move on. But I have bad emotional problems. It stems from adhd and it makes me hyper focus on one emotion. So one day I love her and miss her and want it to end on a good note. Then another day I focus on all the stuff that hurt me and feel like I want to end it on a note where she knows how she made me feel. Yesterday I wanted to write one final message saying I don’t even want to be friends. I know this is idiotic and immature. But I couldn’t help seeing her Facebook profile and dragged myself in deep and saw she and this guy had been talking even during the week where we were working on our relationship and she had said she was talking to no one. I wrote a Facebook message to the guy saying to be careful because she has cheated on me and tried to punch my face and has screamed at me over everything. Then I sent her an email showing I warned him telling her she ruined me and our relationship and that she destroyed the one good thing she had in her miserable life and that I wouldn’t contact her anymore. This was idiotic and overboard. I wasn’t thinking at all. I let my emotions control me and do the stupidest cringy thing. I was planning on going back to my psychiatrist. But then she sent me an email saying the entire time she had been sending the messages to a cop and that he was working on the case. I begged her to not ruin my life and I apologized and said she’ll never hear from me again but she basically said too bad.

I know. I was an idiot. I never am gonna message her again. I want to move on. I kept going back and forth trying to figure out the last message that would help me move on. But now it’s too late. This is going to effect my whole future isn’t it? Maybe I’ll get kicked out of my college. No law school will accept me. No employer. I know never to contact her again but it’s too late at this point. I’ve been doing so much better when I didn’t let my emotions drag me back in. Now I can’t sleep. I am panicking and I don’t know what to do. I don’t want my life over for this.

**tldr** I was an a very unhealthy relationship with a girl I loved and lost my virginity too. I kept sending messages as I was never satisfied with my closure message. I have numerous mental health issues I haven’t gone to a psychiatrist for in a year. I never threatened her but did insult her several times. I know it was an idiotic choice and I should have moved on faster. I made several emails and one Facebook alt to keep contacting her. I know it was overboard. I want to fully move on but yesterday she said a cop is working on my case. She lives in philly I live in nc. Is my life over? Do I get a lawyer? I’m so panicked and I know I messed up badly like a crazy emotional idiot. I know I did it all wrong. No excuse but I don’t want my future to end so early.

