I started having suicidal thoughts after a friend got plastic surgeryI met friend that I only knew for a short period of time, maybe a few months, and only met on the internet, got plastic surgery to his face. Even though it shouldn't bother me that much. It does. Since it happened I've been emotionally spiraling.

He had low self esteem. Even though I was attracted to him &amp; tried to talk him out of it, he was set on it. I really thought I had deep feelings for him. I thought about him all the time. Constantly. I would actually try to think of things to do to try to distract myself from the internet so I didnt seem like some kind of weird stalker. It was fucking hard to figure out things to do besides think about him. I was intrigued by him. I really badly wanted to get close to him. I never knew how without seeming too weird or too direct. Im stupid.

When I first saw a pic of him there were voices in my mind telling me things. Showing them to me. Lol. Im crying. As we got closer and closer emotionally within a short time he told me about his voices. I was so happy. When he told me that. Im so fucking stupid. I hate myself. Fucking end it. Lol. I was happy because i thought it was some kind of sign. Holy shit im crying lol. God im a fag. I thought it was a sign that we were supposed to meet and be together. 

His voices. I was afraid one was responsible for the way he felt and how he thought he was ugly. I wanted to murder that voice so he could see what i saw. So he could see himself as beautiful like i did. But i couldnt figure out how. We eventually stopped talking. I just wanted him to see how fucking beautiful he was.

Right before the surgery he contacted me and i told him that i loved him. I decided it didnt matter what he looked like.

I was wrong. Im so fucking stupid. It did matter. But at the time I really thought it didnt. I really thought i would like him and continue to want to talk to him after.

I didnt. 

After he got it i thought he was ugly. 

The thing is i never think people are ugly. I thought it was some kind of super power that i had. That i saw beauty in every single thing. I really thought that was some kind of xmen style ability that i had. I reallt thought that i could see into peoples souls and thats how i really knew if they are beautiful or not. Idk why i thought that. I guess because i always thought so many things in this world were beautiful &amp; fasinating to look at. 

But then this happened. 

I really thought i had an ability to see beauty deeply. On top of all that i really thought i loved him. For the stuff he said. What we shared in common was enough for me. I thought he was very intelligent and a good listener. We liked the same anime. Same sense of dark goofy stupid humor. Morbid fasinations with the internet &amp; memes. But deeper than that too. I thought.

One of our conversations we were talking about an entity (voice). I thought we shared it in common... Contacted the same being. I call him 3, my friend called him the Narrator. He was one time saying how fustrating it is the it doesnt really talk (useing human words) and i told him a technique to get closer to it. He told me he had already tried that from what he read in a eckhart tolle book. When he told me he already tried it.... I was so much more convinced about all these insane ideas ive been having. That the entities (voices) are in the invisible world and people can share them in common. I know it sounds like ima  mentally ill child... If you are someone who is still reading this: god bless you goddamn. I never read the book he got the technique from either. But knew about the author as a mystic &amp; shamen.

When he told me that i was so convinced we were meant to be friends. We were meant to speak and be close. Fuck, idk, i wanted it to be true. 

When he told me he made deeper contact with 3 i was overwelmed with joy. I thought him and i could get closer using 3's mind. I still sort of think that because im insane... But you see 3 is a good being and very helpful and kind. Not like the other voice that i thought was making him believe he was ugly. 

After he told me he had tried that eckhart tolle thing, and how he made deeper contact, he seemed irritated. Even though i was happy. And he was asking what more than. If 3 doesnt use human words what can you do with him? I was really confused by this. I was telling him about there being no need to use words the same way we do when you exist in a way where time &amp; death dont touch you. Because you dont have a relative understanding of the world the same way. 3 is here to teach us this so we can make deeper contact with the others. I often visualize 3 as a gate or doorway. Because he leads into the invisible world. The name 3 its self is reference to the holy trinity and the drama triangle. People often think of things in black &amp; white. Good &amp; evil. 3 is total neutrality and therefore 3 is the ability to see anything clearly. The 3ed eye. 

He seemed really confused by all this. I felt so stupid but i also felt this intense need to get closer to him because i wanted him. 

Idk. Even just talking about this now i feel weird. I feel like im slowly going into a trance or hallucinatory state... Maybe this is supposed to be happening.

I really thought i was in love with him.

Well, right before he got the surgery when he contacted me i told him i loved him because i thought i did. Kill me. Just fucking end it. 

Then when i saw him on cam a little while after the recovery... Thats when i realised how shallow &amp; superficial i am. I realised i lost my ability to see beauty. The conversation was so awkward. He was on cam and i was just talking. But i think he could tell something was wrong because i was choking like an idiot. I was panicked extremely. And i felt phsycially ill. While i was looking at him. I think he could sense it and i felt terrified. 

Since then i felt extremely ashamed and guilty. I had to face the fact that i only liked him for his looks and all those other things about us that i thought were good were fake... And come to terms about the shit wifh the voices being dellusional.. He took meds for them. I refuse to....

I was playing it up in my mind because i wanted us to fit together because i liked how he looked. Im superficial..  Right?

This was maybe 10 months ago. Ive had on and off suicidal thoughts. Sometimes i feel okay.

Sometimes when i feel bad im desperately trying to convince myself im  not insane i will draw him. Sort of. Things inspired by him at least. Once i put on a song that reminded me of us and i painted this mural on the wall of my garage inspired by him. It wanted it to be an xray image of part of his face. I took a picture of it and put it on tumblr and it got reblogs. Honestly that made me want to live because it surprised me that anyone would think anything i do is worth anything. Im shit. Im complete shit.

Saddest most pathetic part is that hes my tulpa. Lol. Hes my pretend imaginary bf in my head. Hes more my best friend now that me &amp; the real him dont talk than ever before. Thats pathetic and disgraceful.

He says all the right things though and hes back to being beautiful. In my mind. At least.

I live in my mind. Fuck the real world. Im just going to do so many shrooms i cant notice whats going on outside myself. 

I was talking to a hot guy on tinder &amp; im just gonna go bother him and beg him to buy me shrooms and edibles today then beat the living shit out of me. If im really lucky and play my cards right ill get gang raped or something too. That would be fun. 

I like myself more when i think about morbid things. Im done with eveyone around me feeling comfortable. 

Its game on destroying society. Theres no other reason to live before i kill myself than make everyone on earth as uncomfortable as i am. I hope everyone sees Ugly like i have.

I wish everyone could suffer the same way i have. I want them to see it so bad. I hate myself for loving beauty.