Can someone offer me a suggestion please?Good day to all. I am posting from a throwaway account which I would like to keep for future throwaway uses. I do not know whether or not basic information about myself is required, so I will omit it for now and include it if I am disregarding the subreddit's rules (which I am ashamed to say I've only skimmed over). I'm also trying to be careful so as not to type out this post in some sort of 'biased' or negative manner, so to speak; I think that I might be misleading if I express myself with all the negativity I'm currently feeling at the moment, so hopefully I can keep emotion out of the way of an objectively descriptive submission.

I'm currently going through a bout of depression; I was informed that I had depression nine years ago, and it seems as though it waned away after a good few years. Recently, I suffered a massive breakdown, leading to a number of consequences such as postponing my university studies and having to let go of a lot of commitments, causing a bit of panic in the effort to have me replaced for commitments which were due. My new psychiatrist suggested that perhaps I wasn't fully over my depression, and apart from discussing and tackling certain issues which he felt were related to my current breakdown, he also put me on medication again.

I've spent the last two months slowly making progress to a point where I can keep my hands from trembling and not be afraid to get out of the house. Lately though, I have begun to cry again constantly when not in the presence of anyone. I've been trying everything I can to force myself away from depression - I'm trying to lose weight, I've begun typing out a private journal, I'm trying to keep my mind occupied with attention-consuming activities which don't require much work (such as watching movies and reading books), and other such things. However, deep down I have always felt that perhaps something is not right, and that I might be going back into the deep end that I was in years ago. Last night I finally admitted to myself that I am indeed suicidal. I am not actively suicidal, i.e. I am afraid of pain, I am afraid of death, and although I'm sad to say that I have attempted to take my life before through alcohol poisoning, medication overdose, cutting, and almost jumping off a bridge, I still felt a certain fear of not knowing what there is beyond life. By not being actively suicidal, I mean that I am not acting on my desire to end my life, but I am very wishful about it, and often find myself 'fantasizing', if you will, about being involved in some sort of accident or attack in which I am instantly killed off without even being aware of the fact.

I am, by nature, very negative about myself, and this attitude transmits outwards in my day-to-day life. I have no social life, and I feel that I am a burden not only to the people I know, but also to society as a whole. My fear is that as time passes, I will get more and more depressed and hysterical, and that I will go ahead and attempt to take my life despite being afraid to do so. I am currently reading a number of self-help books, but I just can't find the motivation to do so any more, I've tried CBT via Moodgym but it didn't really do anything for me, and I've tried to immerse myself in my current part-time job, but I feel as though I'm just getting in the way there, with good reason.

Let me be completely honest, I've never admitted to anyone I've met face-to-face that I am feeling suicidal, even though it is just slightly. I cannot bring myself to do so as I feel it would just be guilting people to take an interest in me, and I already feel horrible enough that I am not an interesting-enough person and that people might only be inclined to take an interest out of pity. I admit, it IS an arrogant and self-centered train of thought, but I just can't do it. In fact, like I said, this is the first time I am admitting openly that I am feeling slightly suicidal. And I do feel horrible for admitting it to people (you, the patient readers), even though I most probably do not and will never know and meet you. I apologize.

I've tried everything I could think of. Can anyone tell me what's wrong with me? How do I snap myself out of this stupid feeling? It's a confusing feeling, wanting to both live and not live at once. And again, I'm sorry for taking up your time and burdening you all. Report this submission if you feel that I'm just being silly, I'd completely understand.