I don't know what to do anymoreSorry for the incoming rant and word vomit, I just need to get this off me mind.

This is actually the first post I'm ever making on reddit, after browsing here for several years. I'm a 20M in the military. I have to admit to myself that depression isn't going away on it's own, that it's a problem and I need to face it. I really don't have any friends, not any I can talk to casually or invite out anywhere anyhow. My family doesn't like me. I don't have anyone to talk to. I just don't know what do do anymore. For some reason I just can't feel happy. No matter what happens, be it good or bad, I just don't feel anything anymore. I keep pushing people away that are trying to help. Everything that used to give me joy, or at the very least distract me, no longer does so. Activities that I used to enjoy like exercising or playing video games now just annoy me and make me feel worse when I do them. It's gotten to the point where I simply don't do anything after work except lie and bed and await the next terrible day.  
Things have been like this for what seems my entire life. I've hurt myself in the past. I've thought about suicide several times each and every single day. The thought never escapes me. Every slightest screw-up I make or misunderstanding I cause throws me over the edge. The social anxiety makes it impossible for me to speak to other people, let alone open up to them about my feelings. Being around other people, even people I view as friendly, just makes me so nervous and panicky. I've tried calling the hotline several times but when the other end picks up I just freeze up and hang up out of panic. I don't even really know what to say even if I wanted to open up. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me, or why I'm like this or feel the way I do.   
I just want to stop feeling like this. I don't know if typing this all out will help or do anything for me. I don't know what I want or what I need. Everything is just so confusing and nothing makes sense anymore. I just want to stop it all.