I’m A Terrible PersonI’m a terrible person. I wish that I was never born, and that I didn’t exist. I don’t want to exist. I’m really paranoid, too. That things I’ve said in the past will come back to haunt me. That my nudes will come back to haunt me. That I’m being watched through my phone camera. I just feel so low, And I can’t be helped. Even if I didn’t hate, distrust and avoid doctors. I hate the world, myself and everyone – genuinely. I hate that I’m autistic. I hate that I’m gay. I hate the way I look. The way I speak. I’m so angry, bitter and depressed. I have been for years. I’m probably traumatised, honestly. 

I hate drinking to feel better, because it makes me binge eat, which makes me gain weight. I hate gaining weight. Also when I’m hungover, I feel bad again – and so I need to drink again in order to feel better. I speak without thinking. I say awful things. Have said awful things. I’m very impressionable, easily influenced. Cocky. Arrogant. Bigoted. I hate myself, but I act superior to people a lot of the time. I don’t mean to, but it’s a pattern I’ve noticed. I think I’ll end up killing myself one day. Not any time soon, but one day, definitely. 

I just don’t want to exist anymore. I want to have never existed. I am truly a mistake, and I want to disappear without a trace. I have no prospects. I am mentally ill and autistic. My job prospects are poor. My relationship prospects are poor. I am a burden to everyone around me. I am ungrateful. 

I talk about myself and my problems excessively, yet nothing changes. I don’t think things can change for the better. Or maybe I just don’t deserve it. Or maybe it’d be too hard to change, and I’m just lazy. Maybe it’s all of the above. I hate being criticised. I hate not getting my own way. I hate when people disagree with me. I can’t see anything from anyone else’s point of view. I’ll probably never change. I think I’m genuinely mentally ill, and part of that is I can’t change. 

Maybe I have a personality disorder, or two. I see elements of paranoid, histrionic, borderline and narcissistic in myself. And not just little bits. Significant elements. Some pieces don’t fit, but the other disorders could affect each other in such ways that explain that, if they were co-morbid. I mean, I am extremely paranoid... yet I am naïve, vulnerable and overshare personal information. That’s probably the autism (not saying autism is a personality disorder, but yes, I do "suffer from" autism – it’s ruined my life, and I would cure myself of it, if I could). That doesn’t mean I CAN’T have Paranoid Personality Disorder? I meet most of the other criteria. I think that people with Personality Disorders are incurable. They are broken. (No offence intended.) Even if I don’t have a PD as such, I undeniably have a disordered personality. 

I am the problem. Not everyone else. I am a problem. That’s my favourite quote from To The Bone: "I’m not a person, I’m a problem." It’s true. I am a problem. I am THE problem. The way I relate to others, the world. How I view it all, myself? Abnormal. I’m broken. And I don’t think I can change. If I can, I most likely won’t. If I can, I know I don’t deserve help. I wish I was aborted, or smothered to death as an infant. 

I’ve never took an overdose, but I wish I had something I could overdose on. Go to sleep, and not wake up. Be cremated and scattered. Selfish, I know... but I won’t care, because at least I’ll be dead. One final act of selfishness to end the existence of a selfish person.