i live in my headim a 15 year old tranny faggot with a bad case of the "dumb crisis", using my "main" because i need to get over myself and my fears because dumb, talk about that in the future if i'm here just start the damn post please thanks just stop

i live in my head, in my own delusion and it hurts because i know it'll never be real and the people who i love there arent real. i know that my asshole of lovable friends won't be real and anything i we do together isn't real.

like i damn pretend to hang out with them or we actually go out and just walk and talk together because we're chill, we fucking cosplay and make jokes about weird stuff on the internet, everyone has their own personality and life and understanding of things. like i can just talk to them and they're real but they're not and i want to stop so bad

the stuff i do with those friends is then posted online because "haha funneh" and it gets made into compilations (e.g. \[someone's\] funniest moments) so i get the excuse of thinking about specific scenes, i run around making jokes to myself and i laugh at myself to simulate someone else. i play games with myself but pretend there's a player 2 and we're having fun together. i scream and choke/cough so much alone because i run out of breath trying to pace and talk at the same time. it's not helped by the fact i'm borderline anorexic.

i made up someone to love me just because i can't stop wanting to be hugged by someone, i just want tell someone i love them and hear it back. i hug myself to try and feel like it's real but it never will be. i lie in bed and just dream of someone cuddling me and just saying "it's going to be okay, I'M here for you" but you're not and never will be. you'll never be real and i'll never hug you, you'll never wipe away my stupid tears and call me a dummy for crying and then proceed to make fun of me for laughs and make those tears go away.

i feel like if i die then i can just live there and be free of my loop, and by loop i literally pace in the same spot every single day thinking about this fantasy of a life, i feel like i can't get across to my psychiatrist of how toxic my mental state is, i feel like i can't get anything across without breaking into tears. even when someone texts me and i feel like there "tone" is unusual/not the same i say sorry. i say sorry for everything because i can't afford to lose the real connections i some how made, i don't know how to make new ones because i'm to much of a pussy to talk first because i feel like existing is bothering people. i refuse to call 000 (911) because i don't think i'm worth their time. 

i want to die so bad because i feel like then i can get out of this lonely place i'm in. 2020 is my last year to find a purpose outside of my head but so far i've got nothing. i have no one who would care if i was gone. family no, real friends, no, i just sit on the sidelines most of the time. but they still say they care about me but for some reason i believe in the friends in my head so much more. i believe that one day my life will be like just how it is in my thoughts. i don't want to be famous, i just want to be loved by someone and make jokes

i would talk about everything in my world, real and fake but if i don't finish something, i'll never post this and never get help and i just want to stop pretending and face the facts that i just have to deal with what i have. i will never have friends who will ever do anything like that, i'll never be an animator and i'll never be happy as i was in my thoughts

i just need to hit post and stop thinking, i want to be dead, i'm to scared even to post this but i need someone/anyone real to hear it and just slap me. it's to the point where i complain about this way of thinking to the fake people i'm thinking of. i'm worried i'll fully forget whats real and whats fake, i have already began getting confused, i just dont want it to get to the point where i believe they are real and i get put on a news paper for everyone to go "glad i'm not that guy" and live in their real world

i just want a purpose, a reason to keep putting up with this, just an ending

i feel like i'll have to give myself my own ending, my death is something that i can control and it's gotten to me. i could end it all if i wanted but paranoia hits hard, and so can my anti depressents. i feel like they don't do anything, so honestly i just should lie to myself

i'm going to hit send now

stop rambling and get it over with

thanks for your time, i mean it, have a good rest of your life whoever sees this, i still mean it