We are mentally abused by our father
If you are reading this, I want to let you know that we have suffered more than enough. I love my father so much that I always forgive him no matter what he do to our family. But when will all this stop? Everything is happening over and over again. He will curse my mother everyday, ask for money and torture our mind with bad words. I want to believe that he don't mean any of that but all the words coming out of his mouth not only hurts us mentally, but also pierced our heart. I told my mom to leave him already but she can't. My mother is so used of being abuse by his own husband that she chooses to forgive and forget every time. I wanted to tell the cops on how my father has been physically and mentally assaulting our family but something stopping me to do so. Even if I am hurt and already wanted to give up, I still have hopes that my father will eventually change. 

I hate to see my sister cry while attending her online classes. She just turned 18th and starting college, I don't want her to end up like me. I wanted her to have a good future despite all the hardships we are experiencing. I always think of committing suicide to end everything already. But I can't. Because even if my father sucks, there are still people who wanted me alive and become successful someday. I wanted to give everything to my mother, she suffered more than enough, endured every threats and accusation of his own husband. To be honest, I never thought my father can say all those things to my mother, it violates me just hearing it, so how about my mom who's getting those words everyday? I really admire how my mom handles all this, she's a strong woman, she doesn't want us to see her cry every night, but we hear her wimp. She will do everything she can to survive this family even if his own husband treat her like a garbage. I want my mother to leave this family already and just return to my grand mother. I know that she will have a better and peaceful life in there. But still, she can't leave our father despite all. My mother still thinks that my father will change someday and realize what we are doing to help him.

My father was a really good one person, I idolize him a lot when I was a child. We are very poor back then that we cannot afford a television. My father worked hard so he can give us a better life but it all change when he got involved with drugs 7 years ago. He stopped working and start blaming everything to my mother. I want to confront him and ask him to stop, and tell him that all he got is his family and we are helping him but he wont listen. We have been suffering for this abuse for 7 years now, our father no longer physically hurt us because we are already old enough to fight back and leave. 

I already run away when I was 18 years old thinking that I can escape all the suffering but instead it follows me. I can see that my younger sister will follow my lead and stop her study just like what I did so I came back and I am doing my best to support her. I am tirelessly working everyday, kissing my boss asses so I can keep my job during this pandemic to support this whole family that mentally abuses me. I am so tired and I want to end everything so bad. Every night before I sleep crying, I pray to God to give me more strength to fight all this and survive. Hoping that tomorrow will be a better day. Then I will wake up next morning hearing another commotion that my father made just to hurt my mother and get what he wanted. Money. If I can afford to give all my salary just for him to give us peace of mind I would. I wish I'm already numb to the pain, I hope that this just ends. I hope that my father soon change and realize how much we love him. I hope he know that no matter how we abuse us, specially my mother we still choose to stay with him and forgive. I hope he realize that before it's too late.