Light at the end of the tunnel.I’m not sure if this is allowed. But I’m going to post on the off chance that maybe someone sees it and is inspired. I have been suicidal since I was 15, hospitalized once, am now 21 but have still struggled all my life. Been in therapy all my life, it never helped. One suicide attempt. Recently (in the past 3 months or so) my mom has intervened and made me see a psychiatrist. It took me a while to go, but I eventually did. My doctor (pediatrician/adult family practice dr) had been managing my mental health up until this point, but I wasn’t sure if any of the meds were helping. I had tried many different ones from several different classes of drugs. I think I felt uncomfortable talking to my doctor about how I really felt and always wanted to say things were fine. However, at the new psychiatrist I decided to be completely honest. I have suffered mental/physical/sexual abuse and I just told him everything and how I was feeling. Prior to this I was just laying in bed, not working or going to school (I withdrew from college) and was just drinking myself away all day until it was time to sleep. My psychiatrist prescribed a different medication he said my doctors should’ve tried and took me off my old medication. It was a really tough transition and I had a nervous breakdown twice, but now I am completely off the other med and on the new med. Things are different now. Before I couldn’t even see color that well, it all seemed grey, and it seemed suicide was inevitable. Now I can see everything vibrantly and experience life differently. I am a totally changed person. I am happy and optimistic, I think about a happy future, I make better choices, I care about myself and life. This also gave me the courage to see a therapist and tell them everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, I didn’t hide a single thing. And I felt better after letting it all out. Now I am working on my substance abuse issues, which are definitely still there, and I still have some skeletons in the closet, but I feel like the rough patch has finally ended. I feel like I can finally be me again and figure myself out and live a normal life. And I want you all to know, I really didn’t make that many healthy changes before this medication started to work. And I just wanted to give some home to you guys that sometimes it really is medication that makes all the difference in the world. And it really is worth it to talk to a psychiatrist and tell them everything. Thanks for listening to this post, I hope it doesn’t get deleted, and thank you all for being here for me when I was at my lowest. 