Suicide?I don't want to exist, simply put. I cannot tell my wife about this.. She knows that I've had suicidal thoughts before &amp; she is so supportive. She is so supportive, &amp; I feel horrible even typing this... I feel like I can't be there for myself or her as much as I'd prefer. She has her own difficulties, &amp; is in a therapy session as I type this. She was sexually abused by her father when she was young, &amp; I don't know if I can even help her navigate through working on that stuff. I feel so incapable &amp; useless to stand against the kind of hurt she accrued... When I found out about that, I lost what little faith I had in humanity and all human goodness... 

I feel useless for myself, for my family, &amp; for her. I was constantly bullied and abused most of my life because I am an ethnic minority in an ignorant geographical location, &amp; I more or less gave up at an early age.. I presently have a decent job as a graphic artist, but still, even though I'm doing my "dream job", I don't have happiness, or see the "light" at the end of the tunnel. I can't focus on "bigger picture" types of goals and I find myself less inspired every day with existence. 

I feel like every day consists of me watching sand run through my fingers. I constantly have big dreams (Like learning to code, going back to school to study science etc.), but I feel incapable of moving forward or anything, I feel frozen &amp; anxious &amp; I just wish that I had a way to move forward &amp; really be happy finally.

I cannot stop feeling depressed...
I cannot focus &amp; probably have ADD, though never diagnosed because my parents are religious &amp; did not believe in seeing Psych's..
I am constantly down or extremely self conscious, this has been a permanent battle...
I cannot afford therapy or help with my salary without it being a sacrifice that takes food from my table...
Any realistically useful medication is illegal or impossible to get...
I feel tired &amp; uninspired chronically..There are too many cruel people on this planet...
I do not want children, &amp; I do not trust people...
I do not want tomorrow for myself..I'm 28 &amp; I feel like I have wasted too much time, I feel that it's too late for me to change directions (studying coding/science)...
I cannot see myself moving up or forward...

I find myself constantly wishing that cyanide was more easily accessible to non-chemists...