Still haven't made any progress coming back after my accident. Had a bit of a shouting match today.&gt; *TL;DR* I've run out of options for putting my life back together, and reasons to do so. I'm also done being a burden to people who don't want me around anyway. I'm now actively looking for a way to go through with it.

Accidentally, during a very heated moment, let it slip that I had been contemplating. Their reaction, as well as the rest of the fight, let me know that, not only was I hated by my brother, who I was working with before my accident, (automobile, causing traumatic brain injury, resulting in reduced mobility, and endurance, can't climb the ladder any more) but also the rest of the family that I live with. I no longer have any support system.

I'm close to 40. I've been a screw up all my life, but managed to secure a promising job, where I was making progress, getting promotions. After a disastrous attempt at changing careers, (I got over ambitious, fell for a traveling sales bait-and-switch) I ended up living with my sister. I had trouble finding a new job, so I went to work with my brother, painting. I thought we were getting along before the accident made it unsafe for me to climb a ladder, but I found out now that he told my sister over and over, that if I wasn't his brother, he'd have fired me, and he was keeping me on for my sister. During the fight, she told me that everyone's been telling her she should have kicked me out, and that everyone I live with wished I would have just left shortly after I arrived.

I've decided I need to oblige them. I don't think I have any path back, and what the hell would I be living for, even if I had? I don't have an SO or children to support, (I'm not an incel, I don't think anyone owes me sex or affection, I just was done with the meaningless flings of my teens and twenties, and didn't have a situation fit for settling down, so I took myself out of the dating pool in my early thirties, and I've since gotten over being lonely) no one in my family will really care that I'm gone. Hell, they've let me know they'd be happier if I wasn't around. I just let them think they'd talked me down, I never meant to blurt it out at them. I'll be ending things as soon as I find a quick and relatively painless way to go through with it. I'm posting this, because the closest thing I can hope for someone caring that I'll be gone in the next couple weeks, is a forum of anonymous strangers on the internet.

Sorry this was so long. If you've read this all, I'm so sorry I've taken up so much of your time.