Chronic suicidal thoughts over more than two decadesShort version: how am I doing right now? I am not doing. I am not coping. Suicide is often on my mind. I don't want it, but I keep coming back to it.

*

Am I in the right place? I'm not threatening suicide. I injure myself. I struggle with chronic suicidal thoughts, and I've done so since I was 19. I'm in my 40s now. I want to communicate about things I've struggled with for decades but have kept to myself. Chronic suicidal ideation is among those things.

In 20 years, I've made plans twice, but I did not go through with the plans. I often want to die. I am often convinced that my absence is better than my presence, but too many things keep me here, family and friends above all.

When I am at my worst, I get unbidden vivid mental images of self-destruction many times per day. The images usually involve guns, but also knives, rope, and vehicles. 

Some of the mental images are related to mood. I have bipolar. Lithium controls the worst of the suicidal thoughts, but the thoughts still rise when I'm facing enough stress.

I was free of the images, for the first time in my life, a couple of years ago. I had committed myself to wellness in earnest. I had a passion that got me up every day. I was taking medication for bipolar. I was keeping a steady schedule. I had lost 50 lbs. through diet over the previous year. I hadn't had significant suicidality for a year, the longest such period in my adult life. I was doing the best I had done in 20 years.

Then I met woman who was as deeply hurt as me, and who also harmed herself in the way I do. The bond was swift and intense and completely derailed my life. I am still in a downward spiral from it. Her loss from  my life also brought back the thoughts of suicide. I can at least be grateful that I stopped my old habit of severe self-injury a few months after the end of the relationship.

Suicidal thoughts always disturbed and confused me the most. In recent conversation with a friend, I've concluded that most of my suicidal thinking is a species of self-harm, a coping mechanism, rather than an actual desire to end my life. Self-harm and suicidal thoughts are ways to *punish* myself. To punish is to cope. To end myself is to cope, but death is incidental to coping. Given the disgust I feel toward myself, it is the punishment that comes first.

The main risk to my life is excessive blood loss through self-injury. It's not that I want to die. I rarely want to die. Most of the time I just want to assure myself of my own worthlessness.

Does this make sense? Is this story coherent? I have had many people urging me to care for myself. Now that I dedicate myself to self-care, I feel so much fear that I am overwhelmed. I feel fear most of all communicating about these things I told no one for years.