Dark Realizations : Planning for the futureFor a long time, I have been teetering on the living vs dying debate.  Obviously, I want to live, but at some point it stops being worth enduring existing.  Responsibilities offset this and delay death, but when those responsibilities expire, I don't see the point of living any longer.  Yes, there are experiences I have yet to have.  Yes, I could have happy days or even contentment, but at what cost?  I don't want to go through life in a medicated stupor in attempt to offset the remnants of an evolutionary advantage.  I'm not interested in self medicating either.  If I live, I want to live in sobriety and awareness.   I don't see much point in existing unless I'm living for the benefit of others.  Martyrdom seems like a silly reason to go on existing.  There is always the selfishness argument, but at some point there must be a threshold where you've done enough and clocked in enough time.  I am definitely not at that point yet, but I will be and I know it.  

So when that time comes, what reasons do I have to live?  I can look back on my life and see happiness and regrets.  I can think about what will become of my survived loved ones and create narratives where they suffer and grieve, but that grief won't be about me.  It will be their own regrets.  They'll wonder what they could have done differently and what could have pushed me to that point, all the while knowing and understanding my struggle.  They'll regret being self absorbed (like we all are) and wish they could have done things differently, but they can't and neither can I.   Some may carry it longer than others, and I'll do my best to write heartfelt notes of absolution so that they understand that I finally crossed the threshold and that it isn't their fault.  I've had practice at that.  I've written them on 3 separate occasions, but someone's need always overrode my need to die.  

I wish I would have died 15 years ago.  I'm already late. I've already lived too much and too long and brought even more suffering upon myself and those around me.  Yes, there has been happiness, I'm not denying that, but there isn't enough and I have no means to facilitate more happiness in my life.  I am and have been emotionally destitute for quite some time. and I'm tired of it.

The joy I have in my life is illusory and deluded.  I create narratives where things are different.  I immerse myself in these narratives to convince myself that I am needed and that the world is better off with me here.  It isn't.  

So what do I do?  How do I stop this?  I am not in any imminent danger, but I have a strong sense that it will happen.  I don't have any dreams left and I want nothing from the future.  I am not looking forward to anything and every activity of my life is simply passing time until the inevitable end.   I do not dread this end, but I feel the need to test this accepted reality against the harshest of critics.

Thanks for reading.

