Step-dad with PTSD threatening suicideHey guys, first of all I'd like to thank you all for what you all do all the time, helping people here and such.  You are all amazing people for dedicating your time and efforts for such a noble cause.


I come to you today as a quite happy person, but I'm worried about my step-dad.  He's like a second dad to me.  


He's a war veteran from Desert Shield and suffers from some PTSD.  His (to my mom and my knowledge) PTSD is very episodic and rare; maybe twice a year.  It seems that when work and life gets very stressful for him, the combination of that stress and possibly some alcohol triggers some bad PTSD attacks.


Usually they're the typical "I need my gun" types, but a few nights ago he was talking purely about suicide.  He came home fairly drunk from a friend's house, and kept drinking here at home.  Then my mom and him got into a confrontation and she hit him, which triggered a huge psychological freak out as he was abused as a child and in the marines.   He started saying that he is never happy and hasn't been since he was 19 (before the marines).  He was repeatedly saying that he was just going to go to the local gun store and just get a shotgun and end it.  Needless to say, my mom and I are **very** worried.  


This was two days ago, and after a day of rest (yesterday) he seems almost completely back to normal.  This *has* happened before (threatening suicide) about a year ago in a similar situation, but I'm just really worried that it's something that he thinks about more often than he's expressed.  He's always reluctant to get any type of psychological treatment, but does do monthly trips to the Veteran's hospital for treatment.


We're trying to keep a close eye on him, but do you guys have any suggestions on gauging how "recovered" he really is from this episode?  Or any ways to try and help him?  We are going to do all we can to get him to start more treatments at the VA but I'm afraid that this new attempt to control his behavior and force him to see therapists could make things worse.