Confessions of a Lonely ManI am the type of person that is shy, not confident, picky to friends. I am not handsome but I don't consider myself ugly. If I will rate myself from 0-10 where 2 is ugly and 8 is handsome, I consider myself at 4.

I have pimples and pimple scars, yellow and crooked teeth, bulge glabella, big lips, flat nose, stupid hair. I don't have big tummy but it's also not flat at all. I have Hepatitis B. The only nice thing that I have is my height. I am not that tall, 5'10". This may be a good thing but it sometimes made me uncomfortable because it makes me stand out to everyone. I don't want everyone to see me and my face. So always walk with my head down and slouch my posture. This will lessen my height in some ways.

I was always in the top class. I was in science(star) class while I was in primary school. I was in 1st section in 1st year and 2nd year and 2nd section during 3rd year and 4th year while I was in secondary school.

This is where all it started.

After secondary school, I applied for a full scholarship program in Marine Engineering in one of the prestigious schools in the city. I passed all the exams and interviews but failed in the last part, the medical exam. I failed because I have Hepatitis B. I was never active in sexual activities nor in drugs. My parents is both negative in Hepatitis B. This made me devastated because I don't know where I got this virus.

I tried to apply in another full scholarship program in Information Technology and luckily got in. College was never easy to me because I am weak in exams that needs thorough reading in books. The only thing I worried when I was in college was my grades. Through luck, I successfully graduated in college with the course Bachelor of Science in Information Technology.

College life made me forget a little about the sadness and loneliness that I have and the burden I'm carrying.

But it got worse after college. It's hard for me to land a job because I always fucked up my interviews. My English is not really good and not that polished, as you noticed. I stutter and panic every time the interviewer asked me questions. I live in a society where English is used as a parameter to judge intelligence.

My friends already landed a job, good and high paying jobs. While they're already gathering requirements for their employment, I was still roaming around the city looking for my own job. I found a job, not a good and high paying job though but I don't have a choice. Octoberians are about to graduate at that time and this will lessen my chances to land a job because there there are fresh gradutes added to the pool.

As months have passed, my loneliness and sadness grew and grew. I was not working effeciently in my job. I always feel sleepy in the office. I am a one-man team in my current project. I don't do overtime because I don't want to. I always came late for work. I was a little envy with my friends, financially. I also do sideline online but my contract got paused because there's no work yet to be accomplished. My bestfriend got his girlfriend already and I am still here writing about this shit. There are many girls that I admire but I never had the chance to confess my feelings because I hesitated. I hesitated due to the fact that I am not that handsome; I am close to ugly. My parents and friends starts to question my sexuality. I am not gay nor bi. I am just a stupid man that never take risks, always afraid to take risks.

I don't know what to do anymore. I am not clinically diagnosed with depression but I think I have it. I want to be happy, but I noticed that when I do, after few moments, I'll get sad again. I am becoming more and more weary. I am tired. I want to escape this. I want to live in a place like a cabin in the woods where I am the only person living in that place.

I am tired of running. I am tired of battling this. I think it got me. I think. Please help me get out of this. I am drowining already. I am. Depression is about to take my life but I don't want to. I want to live. I want to. 

I want to be happy. How can I be happy? Do you think that it's easy, but it's not? It made to the point that the hardest part of living is just taking breaths to stay. I am tired. I am. I want am afraid of making mistakes, afraid of imperfections. I just want a shoulder to cry on but I guess I am the only one in this battle. A battle that I believe cannot be fought.

I want to be the man I used to be.

I was once a happy man.

I was once a lively man.

I was.

I was.

Until shit got me.