it's hard to start overi was doing really well. I was getting healthy, i was talking to friends and actually doing work. It's always the same thing. I manage to be healthy and productive for a week or so, and then i meet my social worker to tell them the great news. Afterwards, i usually fall back into a deep hole of despair where i wind up bingeing (or purging) for several days before eventually trying to take my life. I've only had two almost successful attempts - i always try to up the pills (had to go to ER once, however) or walking back home and trying to fix myself because dying would ruin my family's lives.

To give a bit of insight i started having an ed when i was around 12 or 13, and the stress quickly spiralled into me bunking off school &amp; using my eating disorder to forget about the work i had to catch up on. I gained a couple of pounds and i stopped going out as much because i felt too big. So on top of me missing school &amp; work, i was closing myself off from my friends, eating like shit and not exercising enough.

I'm 15 now, and i was doing well these past few months but now I can't do anything. I'm so stressed and scared all the time &amp; spend most of my time sleeping, when i can't even do that i binge drink or eat until i'm too tired to stay awake. I'm too scared to leave my home &amp; too scared to open messages. So I'm basically accomplishing nothing.

I've gained serious weight over the past two weeks. The only time i ever feel safe &amp; comfortable is in the shower, but I can't stay in there all day. I don't know what's wrong with me, if I let myself think for too long I get really wound up, i suddenly want to die. I'm not interested in going through with dying anymore, but the only reason i wake up each morning is so that my mum and brother think I'm okay. I don't talk to them anymore either, i'm too tired.

I guess what im looking for is how i can get back to being a productive person and stay that way, when i can't leave my home and can't say anything to anyone. The walls are closing in - if i stay like this any longer, I'll probably be kicked out of my school and be put into a care home by my fuck-all-knows social worker, and then I'll really have to die