Heartbroken on Valentines Day.this is my first self related post.this happened earlier. here's the story: I've been dating this girl for a long time.(a year) We've been through a lot together. Good and bad times. We ended up calling each other bestfriend. The thing is for the last 5-6 months, i spend my time with her rather than my friends. My friends are calling me shady now. and i basically getting them back by texting and hanging out with them. So the girl and I run together. We go to the gym together. We watch a LOT of movies together. We share stories most of the time, past stories and future dreams and goals. We drink. We blaze. We bet on anything(whoever wins the hockey game, whoever finishes the food first, etc.) so whoever won will treat the other one. We laugh a lot together. We kiss. Today(February.14,2011), I'm planning to tell her to be my boyfriend. I get ready early in the morning. I workout first at the gym. Take a good shower. Dress nicely. and i went to the flower store to buy her a bouquet of red roses. I also went to the liquor store to buy her an absolute vodka(her favorite drink. I was supposed to buy her chocolates but she likes to drink a LOT).So she went to gym late and I waited for her in the Japanese Restaurant that we usually go to(every week). She came. And i surprise her with the roses. She started talking first. She ask me what did i do for these weekend.(we got no school on Friday and today.) And i told her i work out and i spend my time hanging out with my friends. and she told me she's going out with a guy.Last friday, they went out to drink. Yesterday, they went out for movie. She told me that guy is awesome. A guy with a car. A guy with two jobs. A guy that's more handsome than me.She said he's responsible. I become silent. Watching the aquarium in the distance.My head is gonna explode. Im screaming inside my head. She told me that I'm her best BESTFRIEND ever. best bestfriend ever. best bestfriend ever... She's so happy. Her smile. Her eyes. Her gesture. It's just so..beautiful. I didn't tell her what I'm supposed to say. If i told her, she'll just say sorry. And i don't wanna hear that word. After the valentines meal, I drop her home. It's raining btw. I lend her my umbrella. She said thank you a lot of times. and kiss me in the cheek. I went home. Soaking wet. I'm in front of my computer. Telling the reddit community what happened. Crying.Thinking a lot of stuff. Im ugly. Im stupid. Im nothing. Im fucking nothing. Please cheer me up. i wanna die. even though i dont want to. ironic.yes.
P.S. She just met this guy last friday(February 11,2011) and sorry for my bad grammar.and im from Vancouver, BC.