I really need to shut myself upI've always talked about killing myself but I've never felt such an overwhelming urge to carry it out. My body is practically begging itself to shut itself the fuck up. I can't stop blubbering like a god damn whale. I've done medicine, I've talked with therapists and all that bullshit, and I've been told that the ER is only for people in serious emergencies twice for coming in feeling suicidal. I'm 4000 miles from anyone that cares about me, I have no one and nothing. I'm fucking sick of hearing 'it'll get better' when for most people it most certainly fucking does not get better. People kill themselves every day. I have a fairly comfortable life and people are struggling to raise their kids and I just want to be dead. How the fuck is it fair that I get a cushy life and millions of people so much better than myself have it so much rougher? I don't deserve what I do have. My parents would be sad but our lives are, have been, and will be miserable wrecks. Nothing changes. I slam my head into the door/wall and feel nothing. I wake up wanting to go back to bed. Even if I 'buck up' like everyone is telling me to do what's the point? maybe start a family (which would be a lie because I don't have the capacity to love family), have some kids that are all fucked up in the head like me? It would be unwise and unfair for someone as inferior physically and intellectually as myself to procreate. 

I feel like psychologists and 'talking it out' are more of a crutch than the drugs I used to take. To consider yourself a special snowflake and any degree of important is just ridiculous to me. There have been hundreds of billions of people if not more. No one does or will remember 99.99% of them. How many insect lives do I extinguish every day just by walking and driving a car? Why is mine any more important? 

I keep making these loud and ridiculous fucking noises like I'm crying and there's snot just running out of my nose and I've been throwing up for two weeks and I just don't fucking get it. I don't get the fucking point. Everywhere I go, everything I see is fucking miserable. Car accidents, people dying, pissed off people, entitled people, assholes, and maybe once in a blue moon I see someone treat someone else with some basic human fucking decency.

