"Suicide thoughts" sub-reddit appears to be dead. Let me try this here.I posted this in suicide thoughts http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideThoughts/comments/cp0yv/this_seems_like_a_nice_quiet_place_to_vent/ because it seemed more to be a more appropriate forum to my needs. I later came to realize that it was a dead forum, and the posts don't even seem to show up. I did find, though, that just writing it out was very helpful, and I have been feeling a bit better.

I was content to just let the post gather cobwebs, it having served the purpose of my venting, but recent events have created questions in my mind. Here is the story.

I recently moved to a new city with my girlfriend. I suffer from some unknown level of depression, which certainly needs to be examined by a professional. When I get depressed, she gets down, she gets distant, I get more depressed. I understand that she needs to take care of herself, but when I am depressed I certainly would like a little more compassion. She told me that if I didn't get help that she would leave me. So, this evening, she broke up with me.

I'm actually pretty calm about it at the moment. A friend gave me half a Xanax. Believe me, though, I do not take this situation lightly.

She told me that there is nothing that can be done. It's over. I believe her, for the fact that she is very black and white in her thinking. Now I am at a point of decision. It will probably put me in a very dark place to continue to live with her throughout the duration of our lease. Especially with the thought that she will move on rather quickly. She's probably having a rebound fuck wherever she is right now.

I feel very disposable. Suicide is running through the back of my mind. I wonder, though. I don't particularly want to die. I just don't want to feel what I feel. I don't want to go to work. I don't want to be awake. It occurred to me, that she is ninety percent of the reason I am where I am. It is a cool city, and I just started a new job with a lot of potential. Overall, I am not that set on staying here. Not with her. Not alone.

Instead of killing myself, how about I bail out? She can keep all of this material crap that she loves so much. I'll walk down the coast with my guitar. I've always wanted to do something like that.......

Jesus. She just came back. Now my mood is completely fucked.

So what'll it be.

A) Kill myself.
B) Give up the hard gained foot hold into a progressive town to bum down to a place where the grass is greener.
??????