I don't want to hurt peopleI'm just done. I've been having a problem for a long while now, and since school got out I've been able to do nothing but think about it. I'm having nightmares about it every single night. I'm only getting like 3-4 hours max of restless sleep.

I don't want to get into too much detail due to privacy reasons, but essentially the situation has to do with sexual harassment/attempted rape from a person I previously had very strong feelings for. Due to those feelings I don't want to get them in trouble, and also reporting them could screw my current life plans over. Ironically, doing nothing could also let them screw my current life plans over.

The only way out that I can think of is to kill myself. That way people can find my diary and take care of the situation, and I won't have to deal with the backlash. Maybe that's cowardly, but with my mental health as it is right now and how hard it is for me to even acknowledge that what happened actually happened, I could NOT handle having to repeat my story over and over, be subjected to an investigation, and face backlash from the people who like/support the person in question.

Also I just haven't had a lot to do since school got out. I keep applying for jobs and I finally got an interview, but it's been a week since the interview and I haven't heard back. While nothing I said in the interview was technically wrong or unfavorable, the management didn't seem like they actually cared. So that's probably not gonna happen.

I'm not contributing anything to this world. I just sit at home and watch video after video, listen to music, and wallow in self pity. I feel like it's such a waste that I'm waking up just to waste time on my phone/computer until I try to go back to sleep.

Unfortunately, my death would actually greatly affect people close to me and I don't want to put them through that. One of my best friends has basically been watching me fall apart and every single day she reminds me that she and the rest of our friends would be devastated without me and every time I see her, I see the look of fear in her eyes that this might be the last time she sees me. That alone makes me feel so guilty.

She isn't wrong, my friends would be devastated. My parents would be too, my grandpa died in November and my aunt a few months ago, and my dad is the one taking care of everything with my aunt and I don't want to add the stress of dealing with my death as well. My family couldn't afford a funeral or anything really at this point, anyway.

I'm also the section leader for my section in marching band this year. I honestly don't feel like I deserve it, but my section is huge this year and I don't want to put my directors through the stress of figuring out what to do if I'm gone. Everyone in band, including the directors, is pretty much family to me and for some reason the underclassmen (especially last year's freshmen) really like me and look up to me. So not only do I have to stay alive, I have to try to make it seem like I'm not breaking down at all.

The final biggest reason I can't do it, is because the last time I planned to commit suicide, a classmate of mine commited suicide on the date that I was going to. I took that as a sign and I feel like if I do kill myself, I'll fuck some fate-related thing up. I just can't see what purpose I'm gonna serve, especially with the way my life is right now. Right now, it feels like I'm just meant to be nothing.

I know my life probably sounds a lot better than some other people right now, and I know it sounds like I have a good support system and I probably shouldn't be complaining or wanting to kill myself so badly. But I do. All I can think about is how easy it would be if I could just end it all right now: no more abuse, no more trauma, no more depression, no more anxiety, and no more pressure. But I just can't hurt the people around me.