Idk how to feelIt's late and I can't sleep so I'm just gonna type this up

For the past year and a half I just haven't been feeling like myself anymore. About three years ago, work and life pulled me away from keeping in touch with close friends and family. Last summer, I called up my grandpa, who I hadn't talked to in awhile but I was trying to start to catch up with everyone that I had put off when life got busy. He's as always been my number one role model in life and has always been that person that I could rely on to care about me. Mid-conversation, I lost him unexpectedly and it's been haunting me ever since. It's like I feel his pain and confusion in his voice every night and I hate it. I've gotten better over the last six months, but I still feel this huge amount of regret for putting of calling him for so long and not telling him how much I loved him, because I didn't even know what happened until a couple of days after the phonecall.

I haven't even told anyone about losing my grandpa because, for one, my friends don't know who he is because I never really talk about stuff that's too personal and I don't like making others feel like they need to feel bad for me. 

I can't even tell my dad how I feel about my grandpa because he doesn't even know that I ever met my grandpa (it's my mom's dad, and my parents divorced, so my dad absolutely hates anyone on her side of the family), and would be really upset if he found out that my mom used to fly me out there to see him when I was younger, and I just don't want more conflict. 

Recently I've also felt like such a burden to my dad, and for no concrete reason that I can put my finger on. He's a self-made guy, and my whole life he's told me I don't appreciate what I have and he's always comparing me to other kids, even my best friends, saying they would love to be in my shoes, etc. My dad also used to always get super mad at me for wanting to call my mom. When I was younger, I think things like this were the root of a lot of self-confidence issues, but luckily I got over those, but what lasted was my fear of letting anyone see my emotions. I love my dad a lot, and I think that he just has some character flaws, but I know that he loves me a lot.

It's weird because I have a lot going for me, I have a lot of close friends that really care about me, and I get good grades (in university), but it's like my brain sometimes doesn't want to recognize any of that and all I can feel is a sense of guilt for mentally pushing away people that are close to me all the time, including my mom who has skin cancer and idek how long I have left with her... 


i feel like such a burden and I feel like I'm not qualified to feel this much pain like this because my life is objectively great and I have a lot of great goals, I'm active, etc. I just want the pain to stop, but I feel selfish for even saying any of this.