I'm not sure how it got to this point.More importantly, I am not sure how this happened to me. Somewhere between moving states and establishing myself again in my home state, my whole emotional tree has been torn apart. 

Brace yourself, because this may end up very long.

I got engaged to my high school sweetheart, moved across the country with him, and left everyone I knew behind. Somewhere in those four years, something changed, and when he slowly began to hate my company, and avoid me to play games online, or sleep all day, I told him I felt suicidal - like I was just a breath away from killing myself from depression. He had no words for me. No support, no objection, no emotion to what I was saying. I distinctly remember him driving us home from work, and me bursting into tears trying to tell him how much I was spiraling, and the blank look on his face as he just turned to me and said "Okay".

Fast forward to when we finally ended things and I told him I had to leave because I KNEW I was getting closer to really hurting myself, he told me to just go. I came home to my current state and I remember the heart break, the utter bleakness and numbness I felt throughout my entire body for weeks. 

As much as this series of events really shook me, I feel like my whole life has just been one big act. Like I have never really been happy, and I don't understand this lingering emptiness I have always felt. I doubt I am explaining it properly, but that is the best I can do.

Fast forward to now, and I thought I was finally doing better. Not just from the ending of my engagement, or the disapproval of my family, but from the spiraling depression I was experiencing that was leading me to these suicidal thoughts.
But somehow, I have gotten much much worse, I think.

Recently I have just spiraled back down into this hole. I find that no matter what positive thoughts I try to think, or breathing exercises I perform - that no matter how many times I talk myself out of hurting myself, I can't get this "emptiness" to go away again. 

It feels like everyday I wake up, and have to will myself out of bed to do even the simplest things. All day I find myself drifting in and out of daydreams where I am killing myself.

This all came to a head when I had a break down over something that seems really silly now, but was a huge deal then, and drove myself, to this area where it would be perfect to jump. I sat there for two hours, at night in the cold and just cried. When I finally got back in my car, I didn't feel relieved, I felt really ashamed. Like I was a coward and should have just finished it there.

And now my current SO, who is incredibly supportive, has convinced me to make an appointment for therapy/an evaluation, but my appointment feels so far away. I feel too ashamed of my feelings to keep talking to my SO about it, and definitely can't talk to other people in my life as my family doesn't believe in mental illness and have shamed me since I was a teenager for self harm and depression.

I'm not totally sure what I am looking for here, but I needed to let at least some of it out. I hate that I am so weak and let my emotions - or lack thereof - dominate my state of mind. This is something I have struggled with for years, and I think I am finally at the point where I just want it to end.

Thank you.