pontos vs the ropeSo I'm 25 years old and have several health issues for many years now, mostly chronic pain (RLS, "burning" eyes and some other stuff), none of which could be cured or even be reduced to an acceptable level yet.
In addition to that there are some other problems like mouches volantes, which really drive me crazy.
I know that the mentioned things are considered "harmless", but that's only true for the physical part.
I'm rarely sleeping more than 5 hours, and when I wake up the first thing I feel is pain. Legs, eyes, everywhere.
I'm also having a slight form of socialphobia. It's not that I can't talk to people or instantly panic when there are more than 3 people around me, I can manage it pretty well, but it still doesn't feel good.

All of those things don't exactly make it easy for me to wake up, jump out of my bed and scream "What a beautiful day!".
So afterall I dropped university this spring cause I couldn't handle it anymore. I got some tiny jobs here and there, but afterall it wasn't enough - and of course I wasn't going anywhere with it.

So now I got kicked out of my flat (because I couldn't pay the bills), have no money, no place to go and still a few hundred bucks I need to pay. Well I know a few hundred bucks may not sound much, but for me it is a hell of a lot.

So right now I literally have nothing. No health, no future, no money.

This may sound like a spontaneous reaction - but it's not.
I had suicidal thoughts years ago before I left university, but it was not the typical "My girlfriend left me, I'm so sad!" or whatever stuff, I had serious problems for years and had enough time to think about all of that.
I'm not talking about "soon I'm going to kill myself ... if I want to ... maybe", but about placing a rope next to me and trying to have the guts to do it.

Probably the only reason I haven't done it yet are my parents, especially my lovely mom.
But with every day passing I tend more and more to do it anyways, because I see no other option.

I know that there are people that have very serious problems and/or a terrible life, and they have my biggest respect if they keep on going, but I can't.
When life becomes a painful struggle every single day, without the hope for anything to change, it is not worth living in my opinion.