I don't know how I can get help.sorry if this is hard to make sense of, I feel like I don't know anything anymore.
I was 8 years old when my parents got divorced, from then on until I turned 13 and had the courage to not go back to my father's house, I was physically abused half the time I was there. Always for no real reason. I found out that he was into BDSM shit like that, and I don't know what to think of those years now knowing this.
Anyways, all I can remember from my childhood is traumatizing shit, and the stuff that isn't, I don't even know if it actually happened or it's just a dream or my head just making shit up. I'm young I guess, still in highschool. 10th grade. Last year was horrible, I would be crying every other day in class just from not knowing anything and from what I would think others would think of me. I changed schools after first semester, didn't show up for almost 3 months and failed all but 1 class. I wasn't in a good place. Constant delusions, couldn't justify keeping up with basic hygiene unless I had to see someone who probably knew me, because I didn't want anyone judging me for any reason. One of the nurses or whoever at the second school brought something up which led to me having a panic attack, to them calling my mother and practically forcing me to admit what happened back then. My mother didn't care about it. Assuming it was just nothing, and proceeded to yell at me over failing classes.
I had one close friend then a couple others who I'd talk with on a regular basis, but I recently moved almost 900 miles away and I can feel that the internet won't keep those friendships together.
I have no friends at my current school, and since I've been here we have only had enough money to get by. Everyone else here isn't like that.
I feel scared to say anything at my school since there are papers hung ALL OVER the place about suicide and I heard a classmate talking about how she's going to report another girl at my school because of her being depressed. And I feel like I can't say anything to my mother or her fiance because I feel like they'd just tell me to get over this. I tried talking to two of my old friends (~900 miles away) about a little bit of how I've been feeling/thinking and the only response I got was that I'm "crazy".
Since February I've gone pretty much every day just overall thinking of suicide and simply not being here. I don't see any point in living besides I don't want to possibly hurt anyone because of it in the future.
I would attempt to get help if I could, but I don't know how.
P.S.: mentioning that others have it worse doesn't help.
(sorry again for my shitty writing. there is other things going on with me but I don't feel like mentioning it because I just don't know how to word it. )
