I feel like i have no reason to be hereI am a little tired mentally but i try to explain what i mean by the title. Everything is just too hard and not worth the effort i cant even concentrate depression is eating up my brain. It is not sadness its more like a disease now.  All I feel is physical I can sense the heat or the cold the pain in my joints or the itching in my skin but nothing else like some parts are missing inside. When people tell me jokes I just logically process the information but cant feel anything music became noise just secquence of different sounds and pauses. Everything I say feels fake feels learnt, scripted . I feel out of place. I am confused all the time about being human Do I have to live because of an instinct? No death is worse than the best possible outcome of a life then why take the risk. Statisticly there will be a moment of unevitable suffering eventually  maybe a car accident maybe loss of a loved one maybe a disease or anything. Everything what i identify as my personality as my soul is just formed by my given genetic and the enviromental factors that shaped me througth the years than what am i actually? I mean i have a need to have free will because it is coded in my brain but there is no such thing because nothing in me is choosed by me so my thougths and decisions are just reactions for previous events. We all crave some higher purpose but there is none. Life's only purpose is to spread and evolve and that is complete so why sould i live if i cant even enjoy it . What I am trying to say here is that I dont think that there would be any law in this existence of ours except physical laws and that is terrifying everybody collects principals and life guiding tips about how things sould be how will things be right but every one of them are just human constructs and they are always changing nothing is constant. Our all species is just surviving and having fun with science, art and [drugs.](https://drugs.So) So if i am right about this I should not live if I dont enjoy and I cant enjoy I am so alone and so bored . probably all i wrote is full of shit but thank you for the read. By the way I am a fucking nice and empathetic person and sadly that is all i have now all my wits and other traits are diminished by depression

So prepare your life saving top notch mindblowing advices