I think.. I haven't killed myself because I'm waiting on one of three things to happen - 1. Something makes me care about life again. 2. Alcohol shuts down organs. 3. I feel brave enough to buy a gunAs the title says, I'm waiting on one of three outcomes. It's the only way I've been able to justify to myself why I'm even still here - why I haven't been able to end it by now.. why I've had hesitation. I'm waiting as long as I can bear to see if something will make me care about life again. But that time is running short, and part of me can feel it.

I'll address each thing I'm waiting for

1. Something makes me care about life again

I'm on anti-depressants. I'm seeing a therapist and psychiatrist. Called the suicide hotline on nights I had a hard time getting through. I've told all of my close friends about my condition, including the suicidal thoughts. They're all aware of how serious it is and are concerned (as much as they can be - they have their own problems, too - single mother, stressful job, moving / starting new life, getting married, etc.) I've reached out as much as I can as far as I know. I'm just.. waiting for something to click. Something to make an emotionless robot like myself to.. feel alive.

2. Alcohol shuts down organs

Depression is alcohol's best friend. Obviously I've indulged. I continue to drink heavily because I see no point in stopping. Alcohol wakes me up and gives me energy to do things like laundry and dishes at night. Otherwise, I just stare at the wall, sober as a brick, and fantasize about suicide or about what chores I need to do but have no willpower to do. It numbs the pain. It's self-medication. It quickly stops me from feeling lethargic. It's a useful tool to get me through the night, but of course it's severely toxic and destroying my body very quickly. But the depression makes me not care about that currently.

3. Feel brave enough to buy a gun

I'm very picky about my choice of suicide method. I'm allergic to pain, so knives are out. I'm afraid of overdosing on pills in case I do it wrong and end up in a coma or something because I don't understand that chemistry. I'm afraid of jumping off a roof since I might land wrong and survive.

Pretty much, a gun is my only option.

As one might expect at this point, I don't know much about buying guns, and a part of me doesn't want to learn because the last shred of my survival instinct that's keeping me alive doesn't want to wander down that road. But I do live in America, so I'm more at risk than usual if I decide to go to a store and try. Yeah, there are waiting periods and background checks, but I'm not confident that I'd fail those.

---

So basically, I'm just waiting. I'm living what's left of my life, going to work out of obligation, and paying bills. I'm really just a robot. A robot with a desire to be shut down, but must wait for the command from the master. And the master is conflicted, but won't stay that way forever.

I'm not sure what I'm looking for from this post. Just.. stating how I feel.










