i don’t know what to doi’m too scared to talk about it, especially with my parents. once when i confronted them, my dad told me i’m too young to know what depression is, and my mom said that what i’m feeling is only temporary. unfortunately, at the age of 18, my suicidal thoughts have been with me since middle school. albeit there were moments of joy and self assuredness, however under all of that, a feeling of numbness and self hatred was still present. my thoughts get the best of me and recently i just can’t seem to control them. i’m also failing in school, my parents constantly remind me of how i’m wasting their time and money on my education when i’m not even achieving anything. i feel like a burden, like i just get in the way of everyone else. i just feel like i’m watching this pathetic excuse for a life trying to get by. the only time i feel remotely better is when i’m in a dream state or distracting myself with video games or tv. when i wake up i feel terrible, my heart race picks up, my body becomes tense, and i just lie there and let all these thoughts hit me at once. i sleep in the middle of the day to avoid my responsibilities. i’ve lost all motivation to continue. i’ll go days without food and then all of a sudden i’ll binge eat. my mom says that i’m her ticket out. we’re fairly poor and she believes that through my education, i’ll be able to make enough money to support all of us. i understand where she’s coming from, but that’s so much pressure to put on an only child who has no sense of direction in life. when i was younger i didn’t plan on living this far, so i had no expectations for my future self. now that i’m here with nothing to offer, i feel as though there’s no point for me to carry on. i’m planning to stick around for a little while but once i hit my breaking point, i’ll be gone. the only thing keeping me here is the thought of them finding my body. i just wanted to get this off my chest because i feel as though i have no one to confide, so posting it here somewhat helps me not bottle it up i guess. anyway thanks for reading this far, i hope your day is better than mine.