Just wanting to type my heart out, before i kill myself in time. I really am thankful to everyone who reads this.It's going to be pretty long, apologies haha &lt;3 it's honestly a lot and coming here took a lot of courage before I ended up killing myself tonight. I am a 20 year old, trans female from Asia. I've lived a pretty tumultuous life, abuse, physical, mental and sexual, poverty, bullying and my family isn't exactly the most stable one and neither am I. Schizophrenia runs in my family and I have psychotic episodes and just really bad depression. I also have an eating disorder and I've been self harming for a while now. Sorry, that's something about me.

 This year, I made a friend on a social media platform and we bonded, this person had legitimately lived the hardest life i had ever seen, it's unimaginable, the horror they've went through in their life. But we bonded over many things and soon we were inseparable as best friends, we got very very close and they said I was their first real friend, i was there for them during the absolute worst moments, all the dark days everyday, relentlessly for hours on end and this continued for 7 months at least. I poured my heart, my soul and time onto helping them because i love helping people and it's a magical feeling. 

We had our fights but our moments too. 
We are still pretty close now but that isn't what is killing me. We were soulmates, and we promised each other we would meet someday and live with or near each other and grow old together. Us as a team. Now, we both were in a group where many people made friends with us, amazing people they are beautiful, magical really. One of them is our mutual best friend well, my best friend (the one i mentioned) has grown pretty close to our other friend, romantically. Before you conclude it as envy, it is not envy that I feel but an intense hurt that I've been immediately been moved to secondary concerns. You know how the little things that make a friendship? The good mornings, good nights, how are yous, and the warmth that comes from comforting each other, everything has stopped and they really just don't care about me anymore.
 And i can't blame them because their life is way way harder than mine and I shouldn't be so demanding. Its the first time i expected someone to treat me with a bit more of love and care, especially my best ever friend in life. They don't show any form of concern, worry over me, nor initiate any conversations or bother to hold onto me, we did talk it out and they did admit they have been cold to me. But they are displaying a level of love and care to others that I never got, nor expected but I did want them to do more.. I feel so selfish to say all this. They did say it's all okay and I'm deep within their heart but actions tell me more than I can see. 
I feel a huge responsibility towards this person and i want to take care of them and not feel left out but all i can feel is just that, they're not a bad person they're amazing they are really really caring delicate cute and beautiful and we bonded soul to soul. It's just that the feeling of being shoved aside is horrible, its like that kid on the sidewalk standing barefeet watching the cool friends having Jordan's walk by, except my best friend is there and they aren't really caring about me whatsoever. 
The reason why I want to die is, I've sacrificed my time too much over many people this year, and this has taken a toll on my health I agree but my studies are fucked. I'm a mechanical engineer and in my second year of college, I have failed 5 exams in the previous Semester and might get a drop this year (failed year), I am losing everyone important and i can't do anything about it and my family is poor so we can't exactly afford to change to an easier course. 
I've thoroughly fucked my life up all for something I lost so so easily, I wish my best friend just cared and was warmer towards me like I was and still am to them... It's the first time I've wished this. My mother is jobless, father isn't with us, all we earn is from little errands mom runs like typing things out for people and my grandpa's pension but he's a dead man walking. I don't see any hope to salvage any of this I'm going to fail this year, get a shit fucking job and rot alone somewhere and no one is going to care or help. The only thing I have keeping me afloat is philosophy and Buddhism. I am so sorry for the long text, it's quite possibly the last thing i ever write. I would appreciate some words of advice or reassurances that what I'm doing is a wrong thing by deciding that my best friend isn't going to care about me so I should be the same to them, distant and formal but our promise? My responsibilities to them? I will lose everyone. I don't know what to do..