I don't know what to do with myself anymore.Although I've never been diagnosed, I know I've suffering from depression and even suicidal thoughts since middle school. Now I'm just shy of turning 22, never been able to hold job for long thanks to crippling anxiety, no longer in school, and have barely any money. My sister is a nurse and my brother is in school to become a doctor, so that makes me the disappointing member of the family.

I feel so useless and unable to do anything and its gotten to a point where its a daily battle just to want to get out of bed and piss. These last few months I've felt completely depleted of any kind of motivation. The only reason I've never actually tried to end myself is because my desire to create and write novels has been the only thing these past years to outweigh my desire to be done with this constant suffering.

 I pretty much just stay home most of the time looking after our five dogs, only one of which I actually like. Thanks to seemingly perpetual rain, its been constantly wet and muddy outside and every god damn time I clean this fucking house those fucking dogs track more shit inside. Anything they dirty up or break is instantly my fault or responsibility to replace. (sorry, this part was more of a rant)

It is getting harder and harder to want to live for anything anymore. Eating and drinking have become a nuisance to me. The only real money to my name of recent--a $5000 inheritance from my departed grandfather--and I just had a family member basically tell me to forget about it and let my mom have it as recompense for living in her house. Any hopes and aspirations I have seem too unrealistic and impossible to achieve. I've practically given up on feeling in control of my life. The few hobbies I have (reading, writing, and video games) have become too strenuous to really enjoy anymore.

If I may use an example from Dark Souls to try to illustrate how I feel, its like being at Sens Fortress, trapped between two swinging pendulums on the last sliver of health with no estus or humanity and no bonfire in sight. No matter how much I cry out, there is no answer.

Not even the fucking dogs listen to me anymore. 