I just don't care what people say anymore"It's a permanent solution to a temporary problem."  
If anything, isn't that the point?  If a show is on TV and you don't like it, you turn it off, not just sit there and keep watching it.  This isn't just an annoyance, this is a problem that consumes my life and is of unknown length.  
  
"You will be missed."  
I would no longer have the capacity to care.  
  
"You won't experience [X] anymore."  
Same deal as before.  
  
  
Every reason I'm given to live, I can't help but find a way to refute.  My will to live is sheer hope and dreams, but those are also a source of my torture.  It's so hard nowadays to take any advice regarding my survival meaningfully.

I hate being so cynical, but it's the only way I can see things anymore because so much of my life is bogus.  Everything we do, everything that has reason or thought involved, is all because of the effects our actions may have in our future.  Of course there are things we care about that don't directly affect us, but because those things would be on our conscience if we did not act is why we do.  No matter how you put it, this is a fact of life.  I do not mean this in a bad way, but to give background to my point.
  
So if almost every option leads to nothing good in the near future, and who knows what in the long run, why not choose the one that results in having no future?  The one option where, once done, I need no longer care about because I would not have the capacity to care.  
  
Obviously this would affect others, but again, I would be physically incapable of caring.  It would have zero effect on me.  I experience this world entirely through first person, and all of my actions are because of how they would affect me or my conscience, so why should I care about any of these things.  
  
I have immediate access to well over enough prescription meds to kill me, as well as alcohol to speed up the process and make it a bit easier.  Every morning, day, and night, of every day, every week, every month, I fight the urge to go through with it.  But I find myself coming back here all the time.  I just read about Diefex, and it just conflicts me further.  I wish I could just be at peace, and yet seeing all the comments left after he passed causes my instincts and feelings to continue to compel me to live.  
  
But I'm bipolar, so I'm not always suicidal, but that also means I have to deal with always getting my hopes up and then crashing down, over and over and over again.  This is all too much.  Much too much and I'm sick of it.