No health insurance, recent move, spiraling into insanity.I was all in for moving several states away from my dead-end job in a shitty suburb that I grew up in and hated because of various traumas. Two months later and I am miserable. 

It started with having to put down my partners dog, the partner I came to move in with, because she was ill. He is just barely out of grieving and I have been supporting him the best I can, but I am fighting depression, dissociation, and psychotic compulsions I haven't dealt with in nearly a year. 

I went on Zoloft and regularly saw both my psychiatrist and therapist for a year now but my dad lost his job and I no longer have health insurance. I can't afford my therapist because the clinic asks almost 200 up front for no insurance. I nearly wept on the phone when the clinic called me to tell me that I can't see him without paying first, and that the next available won't be for another month. 

I had stellar mental health for nearly a year. I went so long without a single suicidal thought but now I'm lucky to go a day without one. I have two main personalities because of the dissociative identity disorder that I have that was under control until now, and my partner, who formerly liked one of the personalities, now is unnerved and irritated by him. He has his reasons, which are valid, but this personality has come far and only dreams of a normal domestic life and a few hobbies. It makes the personality deeply upset that his mere presence disturbs our partner. I am currently writing this from my phone on the couch because the personality attempted to sit down and talk to our partner about how he can be less stressful to be around, but our partner said he didn't want to talk and covered himself with a blanket. I'm going to sleep on the couch because last time he got upset at him and I went to sleep in the bed, he was distant and would cringe away from me. 

I am working for the same company again but in a new location. The managers are sociopathic and regularly play mind games and various other passive aggressive tricks on me and my coworkers. I do commission work for hourly pay. The only bright spot in this is my wonderful and hilarious coworkers, and I have even befriended one of them. But we are both very busy people and I have yet to hang out with her. 

I don't know if I sleep because the Zoloft has been giving me worse and worse dreams that I can't remember the moment I wake up. I only feel vaguely uncomfortable and can't remember anything about the dreams but I do experience several bouts of deja vu related to the context of the dreams later in the day. It's exhausting. I need the Zoloft to function but I feel like I don't actually rest. 

I feel like a ghost. My thoughts scare me. I thought my life would be better and beautiful here. I don't know what to do. I would love to hang myself from the second story balcony. It would be dramatic, as the apartment faces a church. I just don't know what else I should do. 