I am slowly destroying myself and hope I will eventually dieI come from a privileged family in a priviledge country, both loving parent that look out for me and work really hard so me and my sister can live a good life. But I was a really bad student, completly associal, only interested in video game. My parents spent 300 a week for a private teacher, plus sent me to a expensive highschool. My father worked really hard, sometime sleeping only 2 hours a day. At 15 I had to redo a year of school, and my parent kept me in the same expensive school.  After the second year I should have had quit school and try to learn a skill. But I was too lazy, so I told them I wanted to go in the economy section of highschool because it interrested me. That wasn't true, but they believed me, and I started believe it myself. Then I did the same with business school, told I wanted to do that. But I am a lazy fuck and a complete social retard, to this day I never even kissed a girl. I started drinking at 18 just before highschool graduation. I was accepted in a very good business school by doing good in the entry test. During the first year I made no friends, barely got my second year, started taking drugs alone. This school is really expensive, and I spent all my class looking at my computer.
My only interest in life is spending my time in my bed on the computer and taking drugs. That is it. That is honestly all I want. 
I have absolutly no ambition, I am completly uninterresting. I will never have friend because I am paranoid and always have the impression that people are always talking behind my back. I am a pussy that never stand up for itself.
I am the exact opposite of a normal business school student. Even if I graduate I will never hold a job very long.

And you know the worse ? The guilt I feel from being a lazy depressed looser when I had a great childhood with great parents in a good school. I shouldn't complain one fucking bit. And that is making me feels even worse.

The reason why I don't just kill myself immediatly is because of my mother that loves me so much, and my father who sacrificed a lot for me. So I am stuck in this downward spiral where the more depressed i become the more guilt i feel. I am a parasite. But a parasite who's death would make good people sad.

Now im going to start my second year, and my biggest wish is to die. I am not afraid of dying, and I know that because I was sure in two occasion that I was overdosing of stimulant, and I didn't call for help, even when the guy next room asked if everything was ok/ And stimulant makes you anxious . But i just waited to die. I don't want to overdose on purpose, or get an infection on purpose, but I just want to die. I know that I will never be happy.

I don't believe in a greater purpose, I don't think there is a meaning in life, we are just here because of a series of random event, and we will disapear one day.

I have though about suicide for years, but its becoming more and more invasive. At one point I'll just drink a bottle of vodka, take 30 benzo pills, doxylamine, and every depressant i have in my possession and just let myself die.

