I set myself up to fail.I've just realized this the other day: it is something that I do to myself. I look for reasons to "prove" to myself that I am inadequate, reasons to "demonstrate why" I am not worthy of happiness or having a good life. Whether it's a poor grade on a paper or being rejected by a friend or even something silly like feeling out of place when walking around at the grocery store, getting an odd glance, looking at myself in the mirror and criticizing myself — it's me. That's the funniest thing...it's so rarely something that someone else says to me directly like "You're ugly," or "God, you're so pathetic." It's me translating others' actions/behavior/implications into the absolutely WORST POSSIBLE SCENARIO. I know probably part of this stems from being sexually abused and having self esteem issues and all of that. I mean, I'm sure there's a deep web of shit that makes me and all of us blame ourselves for things that we're not responsible for that we're never going to get rid of ("we" if you can relate to this self-blaming...obviously not EVERYBODY reading this hopefully!).

I guess I just posted this, I don't know why. Maybe it helps someone else or not? It's just that if I can try to consciously identify the times that I'm sabotaging myself and being unfair with myself it can help to change some of these constant negative thought patterns that are haunting me. I edited this post...before it was me complaining complaining complaining, but then I realized WHY I was feeling in such a bad mood to complain...and it was because I had MADE myself feel like shit, almost because I was more "comfortable" or something feeling that way...it gets disgusting and a self-fulfilling / self-perpetuating spiral of shit that I drag myself down into...but I don't know...maybe thinking about it is a way out of it...just constantly refusing to think those thoughts.

I've been really actively suicidal the past couple of weeks...did a "test" run (not giving details for potentially triggering stuff) and have drunk myself into oblivion every day this week. But I guess I have some kind of clarity now, and I don't know if it will last, but I'm going to try again to live. So I dunno if any of you feel like me or not, but maybe we're not screwed after all. Maybe there's hope. I don't believe that when I say it, but I'm going to try to keep doing it, because I already know, in the good times, that I can lie to myself and make myself feel like shit; so why can't I just do the same in the opposite direction? Living isn't awful when you don't feel so awful, you know? Maybe I can just go with it and keep going and try.

Trying is the hardest part, just showing up.