Today is my seventeenth birthday, and it's mostly been spent alone.My seventeenth birthday is today, and as I predicted, it was quite a lonesome one. I went to school and forced a smile for my peers and friends, of which very few acknowledged my birthday (not that I feel entitled to it), and then after school, I went to work and forced a smile for my co-workers and the customers I served. Don't get me wrong; there were a few things that happened today that made me smile. My co-workers told me happy birthday, a few even sang to me, my ma brought me a birthday card and a balloon during my shift, and a few customers told me happy birthday. But that was really it. After that, I sort of just came home in a depressive and tired trance like I usually do. No party or anything, I haven't the friends for that, no special conditions of any kind. I don't know. I hate to seemed entitled, but I guess I just wish I felt wanted and appreciated on my birthday for once. My friends wouldn't even play a game with me, something we usually always do together anyway. They were just busy, or at least they said they were. At the end of the day, yes some people did acknowledge that I existed and that it was my birthday, but I still ended up coming home alone and depressed with nothing else about my day really changing. I'm still the same old depressed and lonely loser I always am, and nobody seemed to care all that much as usual. I could tell everybody said nice things out of the obligation that it was my birthday. I could tell they didn't really care. But again, I guess I shouldn't have expected anything. I always expect something to go my way for once, and then I still get disappointed when it always ends out of my favor. Maybe I'm just being selfish, though. I don't know. I just wish I had somebody that loved me to join me at my house where I get surprised by all my friends and family being there with balloons and streamers and cake and stuff, just there for me to let me know they care and are proud of me for making it this far. But I guess commodities like that just weren't in my soul contract. 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm done whining, though. I know there are tons of people out there who have it way worse than me. I just wish things were different. Thanks for reading and commenting if you do. Cheers, everyone.