I'm so depressed.I'm not suicidal, I just don't know where to post this and I'm past my breaking point. 

I'm sad, constantly. Sure, I'll be in a good mood for half a day, but the minute some thing goes wrong, I break down. 
I've just moved out of home, two hours away from all my family and friends. The only person I know up here is my boyfriend (I moved with him), and my two housemates (who are dating each other). 
I've also just started a new full time job, which I love.

Except. I hate where I'm living. I hate it. I hate the area. I hate the people. I don't know where anything is, and I don't have a license, so I can't really adventure past what I can walk. It's so far from almost everyone I care about, and I'm so lonely! None of my friends can come up here, I'm guessing it's too far, or they're not true friends and can't be bothered. 
I'm finally seeing my family this weekend after a month, so I'm looking forward to that.

My housemates, when they're not arguing about money, are never home, and my boyfriend works night shifts - so the hours I'm home, I'm completely alone. It's really taking a toll on me. 

My job, I suck at. I'm in sales, and I have been for almost 3 months. In that whole time I've had ONE sale. And it was a fluke, the guy I sold to was totally into me and I played on it. 
One client, I had helped out for a month. I put a lot of energy and time into them, and when decision day came around, they back out. 
The people I trained with are getting sale after sale, as is my team, and I'm just the loser on one sale, a month and a half ago. 
I'm lucky they don't totally focus on sales, but more on activity, but I really don't think I'll be around much longer if I don't pick up my game in selling.

I've really started to hate myself too. I hate the way I look. I hate my glasses and my weight and I ready just to starve myself, so at least if I can't be happy, I can be pretty.

I just don't know what to do.
I'm losing my mind. 

My boyfriend knows about all of this, and he is honestly such a sweetheart. I know he wants to help, but there really isn't much he can do. We moved up here so he could be close to his university, as he originally had six months left (and was tired of travelling two hours and two hours back to uni two/three days a week - understandable) but now, that six months is probably going to be another year, because he missed some subjects.

I don't earn enough to live on my own, and I don't know anyone that would want to move with me. 

I honestly just want someone to talk to, or someone to tell me that they've been through this and it gets better.
It just really hurts because I spent two years looking for work, finally got something, was happy, and now it's all going down the drain. 

There's a lot more going on at the moment, but these are the main causes behind my stress.