I wrote my suicide note. Inserted here, unedited, except I removed names for my own anonymity. I don’t know when I’m KMSing. Just wanted to share this here. I feel weirdly proud of it.I’m sorry to anyone I’ve hurt before, during, or after my death. My goal was to never harm anyone, be mean, or make others feel inferior. If I have done anything of that sort, I am very sincerely sorry. 

You may wonder why I’m killing myself. I’m killing myself because of a number of reasons. I’m transgender. I have an eating disorder. I have major depressive disorder. I have anxiety. I’ve been to 4 different inpatient places. I will go into details about all of these later in this note I will have to deal with these issues, or most of them, for the rest of my life. 

I’ve known I was different since the age of 5-7, when I began going to school. I was suicidal when I was 10 years old, which was mainly the result of the disconnection, dysphoria and discomfort as being female. I found out I was transgender later at the age of 10, and came out when I was 11. I did not handle coming out well, and went back into the closet yet continued presenting as male. I came out at age 14 and started going to gender therapy. In freshman year (year) I started going by the name [my name but removed it due to anonymity], and many were understanding. It was a dream come true. 

But I’m going to have to live with the fact that I was born in the wrong body for the rest of my life. I have to pay thousands of dollars to get the male body I’ve always wanted and needed. I will never be a born male, a “real” guy. It hurts so bad. 

Onto my eating disorder. I lost weight. But gained some back. I was diagnosed with anorexia but I struggle with binge eating. Food makes me happy. I will always struggle with food addiction, my weight, my body image. How do I know this? Because since the ripe age of 7, I’ve dealt with negative thoughts around food and my body. I’m fed up with it, and fed up with everything else. I’ll never be the slim guy I want to be. I’m always going to be this chubby, husky guy. 

Onto my depression now... 
I was diagnosed with depression at the age of 10 or 11, and have been on and off meds for it ever since. My depression went away for a while. But ever since I started binging and gaining weight back, it’s been strong. I lack motivation. I don’t get good grades, I don’t want to get up and live. I just want to die. I don’t think I’ll ever recover from my depression, if I recover even from anything else. I’m so tired of fighting. 

Anxiety? Well, that’s the one thing I don’t have much to complain about. I’m used to being afraid and anxious and avoiding eye contact and sucking at socializing. But it’s gotten better, so that’s not really the cause of my death.

And, inpatients. [inpatient name], my most recent, made me way more suicidal. I was outed there. I was treated like shit by the staff, called a girl and having to sit with the girls. Ms [letter], the staff member with the lazy eye, called me a girl to my face. Mr. [name] called me by my biological name in front of everybody. There, I wanted to scream and punch so many people, while I was there I was reminded that no one sees me as male. I won’t ever be a guy, a real guy, as much I need to be, it’s not happening for me. 

Friends.
I will be writing all of my friends notes, hopefully, anyway. But [friends’ names here](Not in order)
I love all of you so much. Thank you for uplifting me, being there for me, understanding, making me feel good about myself. I’ve had some of the best times of my life being by your guy’s sides. Thanks so much. I love you all. Don’t hurt yourselves because of me, stay Alive. 

And [name]. [name with last initial]. You were my first love. Thank you for everything. I love you. I do, I love you. I’m sorry baby. I love you. I love you. 

If you weren’t mentioned, I either forgot or we weren’t as close as you thought, or you did some fucked up shit. It’s up to you to evaluate yourselves and figure out where you went wrong, if you did.

My death isn’t anyone’s fault. I love my school. I wasn’t really bullied or anything like that. I’m just done with everything. I’m done being a tranny and having to fight to be even halfway comfortable in myself and my body. I’m done struggling with my weight and food addiction. I’m done wanting to die everyday. 

I love you all, and I’m sorry if I did anything to hurt you; whether it’s this that hurt you or something I did prior to my death. I’m sorry. I love you all.