22F suicidalI don’t even know where to begin. I live at home with my mom, my brother, my uncle, and a close friend of mine. I developed very severe general anxiety few years ago that lead into some pretty awful depression. I had panic attacks daily that would last hours and exhaust me to the point of being unable to do anything but be in bed for the rest of my day. It took me years to fight off that depression and I feel that I finally have. But now it feels like it just made more room for my intense anxiety. I can’t handle a regular day to day. I am consistently on edge, tense, and feeling ready to break. 
Today is my Moms birthday. Every special occasion (so about 3 times a year), she drinks too much, slanders all 3 of her kids, puts my sister into a teary wreck (my sister has borderline personality disorder, calming her down is an incredibly hard thing to do), and makes everyone feel like shit by the end of the day. For once, that didn’t happen today. But she did drink far too much and in the middle of driving her to her birthday dinner plans, we had to stop and let her vomit. She didn’t feel better, we were 2 hours from home, dinner was cancelled, and I drove her, my brother, and my sister back in a car that smelled like puke the whole way. 
I’ve been so tense all day, waiting for her to be upset with anyone at any moment and I know if she suspects that I’m not feeling well in any way, she’ll push me until I tell her what’s wrong. I love my mother but she always says the wrong thing and she doesn’t know when to stop. I feel like I’m tearing in half, posing like I’m ok on the surface but feeling like I’m dying on the inside. We have Thanksgiving and Christmas left and I’m so scared of how those will turn out, my anxiety has been skyrocketing, my emotional threshold has plummeted, I don’t know how to handle myself or if I’ve even explained any of this well but the thought of ending everything is more appealing every day. The thought of continuing any part of my life right now physical hurts me and I don’t know what to do. So here I am as a final resort. Any advice at all would be so  very much appreciated. 
