My storyAge 6 ADD a report I later read as an adult said he will most likely try to kill himself as an adult Age 8, I come out of my room and I was a wise ass kid, said some wise ass remark to my dad and he throws me 10 feet towards the wall, my butt hit and i couldn't sit on the toilet for a week it hurt so bad. Other instances of spanking with a belt, and soap shoved hard in my mouth occurred throughout childhood. 
My dad is an alcoholic. Age 10, molested by a neighbor. I wont go into detail. Age 13, my dad trips and falls next to my sister I think his knee just gave out on him, but hes crying "she tripped me!" their relationship suffered after that Age 14, I'm stealing from stores a lot and throughout my childhood, the wrongness of it feels amazing from all the Catholic church I was forced to as a kid Age 22 Parents bring me home from college cause I was caught stealing from Wal-Mart and pretty distraught about it Age 27 My fuckbuddy said she didnt want sex anymore, my car stolen, and my dad came home with vomit on his shirt from drinking all in the same day. I try to kill myself for the 2nd time, almost succeeded woke up in the hospital.
I successfully teleported at least. For a while I thought this was the afterlife Age 33 I drove down in my parents car for some auditions in LA I failed on all 3, then I hit a guy with my car by accident he sued and we have to pay $350, then I got a speeding ticket on the way back home $500, I hired a lawyer $300 they failed and i don't get my 
money back. 
Age 33 I've been out of a job for over a year, I'm an unsuccessful actor/entertainer/writer, the last gig I had was sign waving/directional marketing. Still living with parents. Father is still drinking,they are leaving for a trip today for the 5th time this year. I take care of their cats for them, and it feels like I cannot leave this house. 
Today my mother tells me about something called Analysis paralysis, saying I'm not making a move in my life because I'm overthinking it, also why I'm going to bed at 5am every day. Also might be a source of depression, but what in my life is not that source?

Also I can't take the internet trolls anymore, the jabs in comments, the harshness of online gaming communities.
