Anybody on here from the Uk or wherever want to come to Australia with me this month? Chance to escape.Hey there, so you can go back through my previous comments to get some idea on my story but basically I was working in Australia for about 5 months, had my first proper girlfriend over there, started suffering from anxiety and depression and we ended up breaking up. Things got pretty bad afterwards and I decided to come home, at that point things got even worse and I went suicidal.
Now, I want to go back. I need to make sure my chance to travel Australia has not been ruined by some mental illness. I want to go back and have a great time, do some travelling, work on a farm and earn my second year visa. Also the mental health services they have over there are absolutely fantastic compared to my experiences back here in the Uk. Anyway, I'm gonna go back but I was wondering if any of you guys are looking for an opportunity to escape the life you currently live in. We could be buddies, jump on a flight together, talk about our issues and go through whatever stuff together but in the end have a fantastic experience in a great country!
 I've been searching for a miracle basically, someone to say lets escape this place and go to this and do this but I realise that's probably not going to happen unless I make it happen. I know this is weird but you never know, some of you may be interested and this could be our chance to do something great together and change our lives for the better! 

Obviously you'll need to arrange a visa and pay for flights but once thats sorted I'm a pretty avid traveller and know my way around australia so am pretty sure I'd be able to sort us a job and permanent accommodation within a week of getting there! I understand this is random and I could just be a strange guy off of the internet but obviously if you are interested we could skype or whatever before hand and make sure we're both comfortable before making any concrete decisions! I'm thinking of posting a video up later too so you can get some idea of who I am.