i might as well already be dead. ranti try so hard to help the people around me. whatever's going on with me, i always try to have room to listen and offer love. always. i try to make the world a better place and i always have done. 

but im so tired. the last few months i've been trying so hard to help my roommate/best friend get through his shit, its why i moved in in the first place and i honestly thought we could help each other's depression out a lot. i was very clearly wrong. things are no better for him and they're much worse for me, nothing i do makes any difference. his friend who i know very little has to come over to our house every day for a large part of it to act as a carer just so that he can function. i asked if any of that is stuff i could help with, he says no. the constant presence of someone else in the house drains me and a lot of days i can't even bring myself to leave my room. i battle suicidal thoughts alone over and over again and still when i can i try to do something, anything, to make things better for our situation. i clean, manically, and i never get any thanks. immediately the whole house just gets trashed all over again and all the crap everywhere all the time has me on the verge of panic attacks morning till night. nobody EVER asks if i am ok. nobody ever checks in, offers a kind word, acts like im anything other than help paying the rent and cleaning the dishes. im not a friend anymore, im a service. i know people experience depression differently - hell, i know my panicky cleaning is an unusual manifestation - but i don't understand why my best friend who i love more than anything in the world won't just... say kind things to me occasionally. another example weighing on me is that i told him i came out as transgender at work recently and he totally blanked the message. he's trans too. it seems so strange that he ignores so much of what matters to me, while still calling us best friends. but as hurt as i am, i don't want to break off our friendship after so many years. it was so much more than this once and i don't understand why it can't still be.

anyway. i can't do it anymore. i feel worthless. im trying so hard to make anything even a little bit better and instead i just burden myself with random pointless tasks which do nothing. i feel like i don't belong in my own home and if i killed myself nobody would look in my room for days.

for years the only reason i haven't killed myself already is the guilt of knowing how it would hurt my parents. i still cling to that but it's getting so hard now. every day is unbearable.

i was on meds for a long time and part of me wonders if i should try them again but it feels pointless. idk.

tldr: i feel utterly abandoned by the only support network i really have, even as i try so hard to help them. i feel like people never view my struggles as real, certainly nowhere near as real as theirs, and i feel more sure every day that i won't ever get out of this feeling. i want to die so so badly and i feel like everybody is so apathetic towards me that they must feel the same way.

sorry if this doesn't make a lot of sense. i needed to get it out before i exploded but my head's a mess. i hope anyone who reads this is having a slightly better night than i am!