I'm bipolar, and I know one day I will kill myself.I'm destroying everything around me. 
When I see myself in the mirror I don't like who looks back. My temper and rash decisions have alienated almost everyone I love. When I feel suicidal it's usually because I am in a bad moment, it passes. This is different. I am as lucid as I can be. I am not angry, or sad. I do not feel the depression that comes along with it. But I am tired. So very tired of fighting against the current. However, I am a man who keeps his promises, I promised my fiancée we would get married and that I would do my best to immigrate her to the US. It's the last promise I will make. It's the last thing that is keeping me here. She's the last good thing in my life. I live in constant fear that my disease will swallow her life and slowly destroy her like it has everyone else. I am not well. After countless treatments and medications I cannot stop the destructive impulses inside me. The day she becomes a citizen will be the day I will evaluate my life for the last time. It could be a while, but eventually I will keep my promise.
The day I was diagnosed I understood what it meant.
I can't have children, the relationship with my father is testament to that. I refuse to cause that same pain to anyone. My medication won't always be there for me. I lost my job, I lost my insurance, my income has been halved. I have to keep up my medication or my problems will get worse. Worse. Worse than being alone with no one because everyone is sick of me. Worse that knowing the one person at my side will someday see this monster I'm hiding from her. Worse than having a crisis and not having anyone to call. Worse than seeing my actions, understanding why it's happening, and not being able to stop. Worse than throwing my life away because I'm in a manic episode. Worse than not being able to get through one single day without wondering if it's worth it.
I've been bipolar for two decades. I just didn't know what it was. I thought I was right and the world was wrong. Now I know better and I haven't been able to change anything. 
Some day I will kill myself.