I've been wanting to commit suicide forever, and need some help on letting myself not too...I've struggled with clinical depression, OCD, ADHD, and severe anxiety issues since I was a child. 

Basically, my parents are Indian, and I am just a white washed kid who has tons of mental health issues. 
I don't really want to type out my whole life story here however, here's a bit from my written suicide letters to my parents: 

" You guys ridicule me for everything even depression, or something like ADHD. 
OCD for sure can be used as an example,considering so many members of our family have it, yet you fail to believe so. Or the simple fact that you guys fail to see any wrong in our family, and the fact that any mental issue should be shamed and is faked (or in mom’s perspective, not be linked to her side of the family). 
The smallest details can drive me to insanity due to my OCD, even my psychologist told you guys how severe it is. I can't do anything the correct way I want to. Everything is wrong and not the way I want it to be and it drives me mad and causes me to have mental breakdowns. 
My ADHD symptoms lead me to not concentrate in class. My mind wanders constantly, and though I may be interested in the subject my mind leads me to another path and I hate it. 
Then there's my depression, which tells me everyday that all of this can be stopped if I just die. No tomorrow means none of this. No more breakdowns. No more anything. It makes it seem right, in which makes me wonder, maybe it is…

Making fun of the fact that I have a mental illness is never good, joking saying “your whole body is fine, except for your brain”. Remarks like that have a toll like no other. If any organ in the body can have a problem, so can the brain, and that’s not a silly saying, it's reality. If we can't make diabetes go away, how would depression work? 
I mean in reality you can’t ridicule me when you feel there are bad spirits in the house and that's why I'm depressed and not smart, and that smoke from sage can make them go away, cause in the grand scheme of things, a lot of your obsessive beliefs are just as ridiculous as mine. However, if I say anything, I will more than likely cause a conflict, causing you to get more angry at me."

That's just a small glimpse of things, however my parents are major helicopter parents, and also narcissists and if I say anything they will yell back at me, and say rude things, and also make me go down a deeper hole.

Now our story gets interesting Homecoming night in September , I left mad at my dad due to him telling me that I was an idiot for going on a date and that I shouldn't date or talk with girls and focus on friends till I get a job and after college, I had a night full of drama (since my date started acting awkward and weird), and by 10o’clock I was in tears because my life has never gone the way I had desired. 
For some, people saw me as the guy who won homecoming royalty, however inside I’ve been broken forever. 
Now, solving your problems with alcohol isn’t a proper solution, however I really needed a release that wasn’t death. I only ever even touched alcohol since I was in pain all that’s gone on in my life, and homecoming was where it all went down. 

I lied once I was caught, and said I was forced to take it at school by students, causing the school to get involved. Luckily I was honest and came to my senses at the meeting with the dean, however since then my parents have locked me down 100% and I'm lost on what to do. 
I haven't been able to hang out with a friend since then, anything I do has to be closely monitored, and I just got my phone back so they can track my location 24/7.

I'm a failure in their eyes. I'm a Junior who went from a 4.0 to a 2.8 GPA, and my SAT is in a couple weeks, and if I don't get a good grade on that then my dad says he will disappointed. 

I mean on the other side of things I do have a website where I share my music related stuff since I am a DJ and I really also want to help people create websites easily, just I know that won't kick off most likely, and my parents don't see any value for something rediculous like that. 
I lied saying that I coded it, but really used a CMS, with minimal code, and just added a ton of effort to make things look good.

I am failure in my own eyes, and I'm losing it by the minute.

I don't know what to do. 

Sorry for the long post, just needed to let somethings out of my mind.