Shitty cardsI got delt shitty cards in life. I jumped and missed all the regular boxes. It's like I'm made up of spare parts. Like some deity playing with LEGO hoping he could make just one more. Not because the parts fitted together and made something great. He just had to make something so as not letting the parts go to waste. The parts are mostly nice. They just don't fit that well. Chocolate is awesome. Pizza is good. Together they are awful. Together no one knows if they are desert or dinner. 


My body is working against me. I've been sick half my life. I can't even be sick the right way. All test results are OK. I got two shitty diagnoses that only means that they don't know whats wrong with me. You know the "we don't know what the fuck this is, but we feel less inadequate if we can call it something fancy" type. So theres nothing to do about it. You have to live with it they say. Well I don't HAVE to live with it. I can stop living.


I'm on my way to getting a third fancy name with no meaning diagnosis. I bet that'll make things better. Third times the charm, ey?


I'm failing in uni. I'm pretending to write my thesis. Pretending. I pretend to be doing OK. I've been asked thrice if I have suicidal thoughts. Yes, Yes!, YES! No one asked again. I'm pretending to be fine. I tell bits to people, but spread it around. Fancy diagnoses make you seem like a weirdo. No one likes people who only complain. People like feeling like they can help. Fancy pant diagnoses can't become better. Doctors are people. They don't like patients they can't make better. I'm a shitty patient. 


I saw a therapist. She said I gave up easily when I left. She didn't talk with me. She talked to me. Told me all the clichés. Life is unfair she said. Really? I haven't noticed. It's hard being sick she said. Go to hell I thought. How does this help me I asked? She couldn't answer. She used silence to try to get me to talk more. I don't function like that. So I played pretend. She told me what I felt. My dog is better at telling me what I am feeling. So I quit... No. I mean: I gave up. 


I tried drugs. The doctor gave them to me willingly. Finally somtehing she could do! The first type made me sleep all the time. It was awesome. Like being dead without actually killing myself. Dead, but guilt free. Only up 2-3 hours a day to do get some food and make sure people thought I were OK. The doctor thought they weren't workin to well. I kind of agreed. No one pays you for sleeping all day. The next type made me not eat. They also made me feel high. For a couple of weeks. Then I was just not eating. At least that saved me some money. The doctor taught me the importance of eating. Oh, what great things they learn at doctor school. Me and food no be friends before I broke up with Mr. Drugs again. No longer a drug addict. Still got my shitty cards. 


It feels like I am only pretending to be sick. Pretending to not feel well. Pretending to be OK. Pretending to be suicidal. Pretending to be alive. Pretending to be LEGO, when I am GI Joe.