Suicide and daily thoughts.I don’t really understand, I’m writing this from the floor in my bathroom after attempting to slit my wrists, stopped because it hurt too much. I have assessments due tomorrow and for the first time in really forever I’ve stopped panicking and doing them last minute. Every time I get close to killing myself I wake up the next morning, whilst having previously planned it. Not wanting to. I wake up with this want to be happy and then throughout the day it cycles back to me wanting to die severely. 

I don’t understand why? I’ve wanted to die for the past 5 years but something always stops me from going all the way. I have no means of painless death and that’s all I want. It’s strange that my mind understands this but cycles through this reliving pain every day. I don’t want to have a future. I don’t see the point in trying to get happy when I know I never will truly. I just want something to stop this endless torment. I hate that no matter what happens in my life either good or bad, I will never escape this pain. 

I’ve thought about writing a suicide note, but what would I say? How do I explain all my thoughts into a document to all the people I want to say goodbye to? Who would I leave to entrust giving it to everyone that I want to see it? And what if after I send it I fail again anyway? I just really don’t understand life anymore. Why does it keep me alive. Every day it gets worse. My anxiety, my focus, my drive to talk to friends and loved ones. I genuinely just want to drift peacefully so that I will stop worrying every single minute of the day. Even in my dreams I see the people I love disappointed in me, I slowly tear them down with me just trying to explain to them that I need them for support, I tell my best friend that I just want them to speak to me like they care, but I ruin it. The people here. Whoever reads this. I might finally do it one day. Maybe I’ll post again a few times and maybe I’ll post why so people can not make the mistakes I’ve made, not go down this path of torture and be happy. I’ll never understand not worrying all day. I’ll never understand what it’s like to be content. I love all these people in my life but I don’t want to cause them more worrying and pain.

Thanks