Life as a dog[Dogs give nothing but love and often than not get beat, yelled and feel unsafe I describe myself as a dog.]
(I do not condone drug use in any way shape or form)
Some may be wondering about this title, I don't blame you. My story begins back in december of last year as for the date I forgot, anyways my friends and family all were giving me a hard time that December I had finals to take, projects to complete; but to no surprise my family was the first to make me want to end it all by making me doubt myself saying I will never amount to anything. "You aren't the little girl we needed your only still here because its too late to get rid of you" said my father that night as he threw me to the ground knocking the air out of me. My mom giving me false love warming up to me "I'm so sorry I love you sweetie" one minute, the next minute her yelling to me I shouldn't be alive and trying to gouge my eyes out. And at this time my crush was there for me she heard what I had to say and made me feel ok to cry because I don't like to cry for anyone. So that night I messaged her how I felt and told her I'm only telling her just now is because I overdosed on my medication (ambien) and didn't think I'd wake up after I fell asleep. My eyes were already getting heavy but I remember reading this on the screen before I fell asleep "don't you die on me, if you wake up and go to school tomorrow I'll give you the biggest hug. So wake up please for me I love you" after reading it I felt at peace and happy to hear it from her I didn't notice it but shortly after I woke up at nearly the same time I went to sleep. For some odd reason I thought I time travelled I try to turn on my phone to see the date but its dead. I looked all over the house I was alone to make it even more sad I share a room with my brother and he didn't even bother to check if I was ok. I found a note that said my family went out to eat and I was expected to clean the house up, which wasn't new my family always excludes me in alot of things but still I amxious to get my phone on when it turned on I saw she sent more messages asking if I'm awake yet or if I'm at school today. Smiled and felt relief but also sad that I could have died and my family wouldn't have noticed. The rest is not important I was manipulated by her we were dating I solely gave my life to her she cheated on me with multiple men some who are much older and sending her nudes it crushed me so I didn't go to school for a week when I did go and she saw me and tried messaging me I didn't go for another 2 weeks. Which is why I'm now a stay at home senior getting his credits so I can get my diploma. Thats my story the life as a dog.