Please don't go, we haven't metI grew up in an abusive home in which I was physically hit whenever I didn't do things the way my father believed to be right. I was constantly told by members of my family that I was stupid, because I couldn't read as well as my cousins. I sucked at reading because my parents were too busy to teach me, and when my dad did help with homework there was always yelling because he would get so frustrated with my inability to know everything. 

My uncle and aunt would tell their kids that they would beat them if they were to grow up and be like me. I was in elementary school when I first overhead him say those words and not really sure what was wrong with me. 

Things got worse over the years, and the only thing that kept me from giving up and calling it quits is my inability to accept things how they are. I would tell myself this is my life right now,  but it isn't going to always be this way.I learned early in life to emotionally detach from situations that cause me any form of unease, and by doing so no matter what people would say I wouldn't get offended because,  welp whatever. 

I promised myself that I would never have a child out of fear that I would do to said child what my family once had done to me. 

At the age of 21, after YEARS AND YEARS of crappy relationships,  I met and fell in love with my current partner. She has shown me what love js, and that I am a good person. 6 years later,  we welcomed our son into our lives. He is the happiest baby I've ever seen. He has never been yelled at,  hit, heard neither my wife or myself use swear words and we read to him every night. 

I am battling with depression, ptsd, anxiety and several other things, and it absolutely sucks that I don't have anyone to have a deep conversation about depression (my wife hasn't experienced it so her advice um blows hah) but I am learning to deal with it little by little everyday. 

Today, after finally having a real family, I decided to take the prerequisite classes for medical school because can be another person's proof that things really do get better. I want to save others lives like my son and wife have saved mine. 

Please hold on, if you need to talk to someone that 'gets it' 

I HERE FOR YOU. I CARE FOR YOU. I don't need to have met you to know you have something to offer this world. We see life differently than most others, but that's not a bad thing. 
We are inventors, thinkers,  we love really hard, we hurt with others because we know what it's like to hurt on your own. 

♡♡