I HATE this. I can’t cope.Let me cut past my usual flowery descriptions. This is not the day for that.  

My ex-wife hangs out with friends from her church at least twice a week I reckon. This drives me crazy. Her best friends whom I’ve not met get to swim with my young daughters (4 and 6) all the time and they jump off of that dad’s shoulders. I should be there playing. I should be there to see my ex-wife learning how to swim after years of me nagging her. Mutual friends moved up there and ghosted me. There’s also 2 people who were mutual friends who moved up there recently and joined up with that clique. I know this is good for my ex- and daughters. So now there’s this big room of old friends, her new best friends and some random folks I don’t know.

I’ve worked myself into a pretzel and walked past all of my emotional pitfalls and have managed to do well. I want her and the girls to have good lives in any circumstance. Whatever it looks like.

Except I DON’T. I don’t want other guys being a father figure. There’s already that dad dude who swims with them. Tonight, the girls mentioned a new guy: Preston. I looked him up and he’s the right age and single. Nothing is happening. Yet. Let me explain, he’s obviously worst of the litter; however, if she wants to remarry she’ll pick someone from church around her age and he fills those requirements. The thought of anyone spending more time with her and my girls tears me apart.

I have borderline personality disorder. I’ve got my hands shaking and trembling, and I feel like I’ve been punched in the stomach just thinking about that. She said maybe we could get back together if trust was rebuilt. She said she doesn’t want to date or have a relationship with another guy! If she does move on that’s going to feel like a rejection. Of the 14 years we spent together with over 10 of them quite happily. Of me. Real or perceived abandonment is one of the most if not the abSolute worst trigger for someone with BPD. I can observe how I feel, breakdown the scenario and do a lot of good work, but at the end of the day, I’m going to explode with feelings. I can’t cope well at all. 


I’m mad because the girls are getting father figures.

I’m mad because my ex-friends get to see my ex-wife and girls more than me.

I’m envious and resentful that she has made a new life.

I have not made a lick of progress since the divorce 2 years ago. I still miss her. I love her and the girls, and it destroyed me that I hurt them and that she divorced me (which was kinda expected but killed me).

The only thing I wanted in life was a family and I broke it. Realistically she’ll never get back with me, but it’s all I have. It’s the one big dream. To keep going—the hole that she’ll get close. 

So that sort of summarizes what’s going on in my head. Now for the heart. They get to spend more time with my ex-wife and my daughters because I fucked it up. I AM a fuckup.. I’m mad other guys are playing with them the way a father would. I’m mad I’ve been ghosted by mutual friends, because it shows the real truth: no one gives a shit about me since since I opened up and shared my struggles. I’m mad she might remarry one day and officially close the door on us once and for all. We were together from age 14-28. Now instead of all of the good, she can only remember the last 3 or so years where I was falling apart. There was so much that was good and so much we could build on.

How do I fix this?

I can’t. Being sober now doesn’t erase the past. Wishing I could be an important and necessary father for them is good in theory but the older they get, the less they’ll want to come. Especially once they learn what I did. Now, the worst of all: If she ever dates and remarried, I will be in worse shape than right now. A future with her is all I want now. The thought of her finding someone who makes her happy the way I used to and the way I wish I still could is devastating. All the negative emotions I could have all wrapped up together and thrown like a water balloon at me.

Coping:

I know all of these feelings. I know why I’m having them. And I know how irrational some are while others are not.

I don’t know how to respond healthily.

I cry for what we used to have. I’m enraged by people who ghosted me and who now get to see my daughters more often than I do. I feel worthless. I feel like I deserve every bit of this and then more.

I cry when I imagine my daughters playing with another guy besides me. I was a stay at home father for 4 years. Now I’m a once every other weekend dad. I’m Useless and easy to replace.

When I imagine my ex-wife with another man, I get jealous rage. I feel utterly expendable. 

With all of these, I’m just having to deal with the reality that we’re not together and won’t ever be. It makes me cry. Sometimes when it’s not bad I can mask it with drugs. But on nights like this when I’m exploding emotionally, one solution pops up.

If I was dead, I could be out of the way. The girls could adjust and my ex-wife could finally have some real closure. No one would be surprised at all. The two people who would care are my daughters. They’re still young, so this would barely be a memory at all. The longer I keep pushing my suicide date; the more costly it gets for my loved ones

I’m going to mask things with substance abuse.  If I wake up tomorrow in this dystopian hellscape and can’t think of the value of my life without the future I always wanted with the 3 most important people to me, then let it be the day. If not tomorrow, then the next. My birthday is Nov 1. If I am still torn up by then with no future, that’s it.

I don’t wanna be here anymore. I fucked up my career and can’t even get a job. I’m living with abusive parents at 30. They don’t want me around. My girls don’t need me around. Everything is going great for them. My death will provide some needed closure. And finally, hopefully give m the nothing I desire so much.