Nothing works anymoreThe worst part of being an emotional wreck in high school is that no one cares about you. It's worse when people start making fun of you for it. 

My mom always tells me to, "focus on thinking about the good things in life and not the bad things". It's funny because evolution made sure that more traumatising memories stick better because they warn us better from potential danger. The memory of my mom angrily throwing her wooden chair at me while I cry outside her room, or my dad beating me up with a cane until I bled because I didn't want to go shopping with him was always gonna be more striking than what my mom made me for breakfast on a certain day. I love my parents and are grateful that they are around because they provided me with so much and worked so hard to get to where they are today, but I never really have an emotional attachment to them in the same way that other kids have with their parents. After all, it's hard to really love your parents when they beat you up for watching a cartoon they don't like or not finishing vegetables. They even locked my brother in the attic once.  

It's worse when they don't know about what's actually going on with me. They always thought that whatever I am going through is "just a phase" or "just me acting up" or "me being sad". They always tell me to "think more positively" or "be grateful that you're alive or better off than other people". As if telling people with the flu to just be less sick is effective. My mom even lectured me about how I should think about my parents first and then myself second because I owe them a lot for being born into this world. I understand that I should be grateful for them, and I am grateful for them, but hearing this just makes me feel a little nauseous inside. 

The most traumatising memory I have is that of my mom pretending to jump out of my bedroom window. She was mad that I wouldn't open up to her and let her know what is going on with me. I didn't want to talk to her because I didn't really trust my parents with anything since I knew they were going to use it against me one way or another. When my mom got mad she started shouting, and soon enough she was walking over to the window and trying to open it. I was sobbing silently before all this happened, the sight of her doing that led to me trying to muster out a feeble, "please stop mom!! please don't go i'm sorry", and then when she walked away from the window my legs dragged me out of my room as fast as possible while tears started to roll. I sat in the closet and cried in the dark, but I didn't cry like I normally did. I usually would sob and sniff, but this time I was yelling and breathing like a 5 year old throwing a tantrum. I couldn't help it. My mom eventually assured me that she was only testing me, which made me feel worse, and my dad told me that he'd listen if I ever needed someone to talk to. I couldn't rely on them, no matter how much I wanted to, because of all those memories. They also seemed to forget about what I am going through, as when I was feeling rough yesterday my mom yelled at me for not talking to her, and brought my dad in who told me that I should listen to my mother. 

Friends don't help, either. I am the type of person who can't live without meaningful relationships with other people, but it's hard to do that when I don't know most of the people here when they were younger since I am new to this town. I know a lot of people, yes, but they don't really care much about me. Seeing them enjoying themselves and being so comfortable with each other made me feel like being shot at. It was hurting me. That's why I deleted Instagram recently, but that only made me feel worse. I only talk to a few people, and I'm pretty sure that they're annoyed at me or getting annoyed. 

I don't really wanna talk about any of my other problems here. I want to get into the ways I tried solving them.

Yes, I tried therapy. It didn't work. My GP referred me to a psychiatrist who was a genuinely nice person and did help me for a while, but we only had sessions once a month and it was too expensive for us. After a few months I didn't get better and we just stopped. There's a lady at my school who tries and makes sure we feel good at school, but she didn't help me improve my condition despite several referrals by my teacher. I talked about my problems with some people who would care but it's not helping. I'm too scared to try any creative outlet for my problems because I'm a perfectionist and whenever I do something, it's always not good enough for my own standards, and I fall into this cycle of self-loathing and criticism. 

If we're all ending up at the same destination anyways then what's the point?