I (21m) can’t be alone anymore
I just can’t live like this anymore. I’ve never felt like anyone in my life has loved me and it is becoming apparent that I won’t get to experience that. I don’t think I’m ever going to be good enough and I just can’t deal with it. I’m so sick of being alone and I can’t do it anymore, I drink and smoke weed all the time just because I can’t go to sleep while I think about myself.

Nobody wants to be with me and I don’t blame them. I hate everything about myself and 6 months of therapy hasn’t even made a dent in it. I just want to die. All I’ve ever wanted is to have someone who thinks I’m good enough to spend my life with and I’m never going to have that. I can’t stand how I look when I see myself in the mirror, I’m going into debt for a shitty worthless history degree, I will never have any money, I just have nothing that makes me have any worth as a person at all. It feels like the only reason I’ll ever have to wake up is to make someone else money.

I don’t care about sex honestly, like of course I’m sure that is an important part of any relationship but I just want to be with someone who wants to be with me. I’m just not good enough. I don’t want to live like this anymore. I don’t want to wake up tomorrow and have to be sad all day because nobody cares about me. I feel like I’ve put everything I have in to other people, but if i were to man up and end it tonight there isn’t a single person on this planet who would care. I feel like a burden, I bring nothing but the same consumerist bs that everyone does with no benefits.

I just don’t want to do this anymore. I feel like a waste and I’m just not going to be able to this much longer on my own. It feels like I’m just counting down the days until it’s not worth doing anything anymore. I’ll never be able to cuddle someone, I’m never going to be able to spend any of the holidays with someone, nobody has ever cared about me and it’s obvious that nobody is ever going to have a reason. I’m tired of being a waste of resources. I’m tired of trying so hard to make it work when it just isn’t going to. And I’m tired of asking for help when nobody is ever going to actually care if I’m okay or not Because I’m ugly, because I’m overweight, because I have a useless degree, because my hobbies are so fucking stupid that nobody with have a brain is ever going to want to spend anytime with me, because I am the fucking worst. I blame Absolutely nobody for wanting nothing to do with me and the only thing I want is for something to kill me so that I don’t have to worry about doing it myself.