i’m donehad an anaphylactic allergic reaction at my job in april of 2018. been unemployed since. they were forced to terminate me bc all of their locations in my city use the chemical i’m allergic to so they couldn’t relocate me. it’s now sept 2019 and i can’t seem to find anyone to hire me. i’ve applied for 30 places these past two months alone

i’m thinking maybe if i look out of state for work and find something i could take out a loan to cut my lease off early where i currently am, and move. i’d leave my boyfriend of five years and my two cats... all the furniture belongs to my boyfriend so i wouldn’t even have a bed. figure i don’t need one if i actually find a job.  just need a place to stay and an income. but my boyfriend hates the idea and so do i. but it’s not like our relationship has been smooth sailing ever since i’ve been unemployed.

it wouldn’t be so stressful if unemployment would pay me but their system is fucking confusing. idk how many documents i got mailed to me but i tried to keep up and do everything i needed to do in order to qualify. took the initial class and got my resume reviewed by someone who works for my state. once that class was over i was supposed to be approved for getting paid since i was forced to leave my job with reasons beyond my control. i hate the idea of going on unemployment but i tried and now they’re giving me just as hard of a time to get paid (actually harder) than the workers comp system and receiving payments from them. wanna meet some truly evil people? file a workers comp claim. those insurance companies wanted me DEAD.

some of the jobs i’ve applied to have worked out and they have called me back to interview but they end up using the chemical i’m allergic to. i’m allergic to epoxy resin if it matters. apparently manufacturing jobs love using the shit because the places that have called me back so far have all come back to tell me that they use it in their facilities. so if i were to work for them i’d go thru anaphylactic shock again. tha fuck

grandparents on my dads side got divorced last summer. it was a shitty messy one. i broke my nose shortly after but thankfully it was hardly broken and didn’t move. it was like a hairline fracture but still took 3 months to heal. shortly after that i lost my job.

my parents got divorced a few months after that. it was even nastier than my grandparents on my dads side. traumatic for our entire family. i don’t wanna go into details because even tho i no longer speak with either of my parents i don’t wanna like, have them / their lawyers / anyone who knows us and our situation to potentially see this. 

i feel like i don’t have a home to fall back on and i don’t. i’m freaking the fuck out.

i know how i wanna do it. will update later sorry boyfriend is here