lost hope in myself, family and lifeIm a 17 year old girl who will start her final year of high school in a month time and that itself is already stressful but my mum gives me more pressure by telling me what i should do and not do (as if shes living my life for me), how i never try (when i do), how dumb i am compared to others and how i should get a scholarship to attend a good uni. She continues to tell me how if i dont try ill have a shit future and live a life as a beggar with nothing at all even though i do actually try (she believes i dont even when i show her). My mum is the reason why i often feel down, worthless and hopeless. She has done things to me that as a parent you should never do to your child such as kicking me out of the house at night without anything, whipping/slapping me as a child-teen, telling me to go die, getting a knife and threatening to kill me just because she was angry and wishing that her mother in law would quickly die so she could get the money. Once she got angry at me because i told her i needed to buy a school uniform and new school shoes. She has a high expectation of me that i know i wont be able to fulfil and my mum keeps lecturing me about what i do wrong and what i should be doing (simply, she discourages me). She has never given me a praise for something i did even when i got a scholarship to a private high school despite the hard effort i put in. She says i got the scholarship thanks to her.  
so much has happened between the two of us that i cannot write every single event down but i have gotten to the breaking point. 
Despite the way she treated me i always kept my self in check and always tried to lift up my mood but now i seem to have lost all motivation and energy to do so. I know she is doing this to build me into a successful person but its actually breaking me and even when i tell her she wont change and my dad wont do anything about despite knowing everything. 
I just want everything to end so i wont need to go through my stressful life and deal with my mum but im to scared to hurt myself. i just wish my parents never had me or i wish i had died on the surgery table when i was born (i was born premature and i had breathing problems, so i had surgery as soon as i was born). Why do i have to live like this? I want to be free. I dont care about anything anymore. Why cant i be happy?
sad thing is my older sister is going through the same thing as me but probably worse. 
Can someone tell me whats wrong with me. Why cant i be happy and why cant i be free. Did i do something wrong? 
Why am i like this?
Help. 