Ik everyone else is tired of life, this is just my perspectiveWith school being back in session over a computer screen the fear of what i look like, how I act, every little fucking thing I do bubbles inside of me. I'm so afraid of other people; especially ones my own age. I've always been complimented in my strive to do well in school. The only reason I dont fail every class is because it's the only thing left I can control in my life. Besides the barcode marks on my wrists and thighs.

I was never skinny or even a moderate average weight. I was a heavy baby at birth and nothing has changed. I lost 15 lbs because I stopped eating for a bit but that just lead to more pain. And surprise I'm a pussy when it comes to pain. Even with those 15 lbs gone I'm still overweight, I'm basically the same weight I was in middle school. I concentrate so hard on what I look like and the faces I make when people are around me in hopes they dont comment about my body behind my back when I can hear. 

I want to fall asleep and never wake up. Just the feeling of ease sleep brings me every night is so blissful. But I know the next morning I'll wake up with a headache and no matter how much medicine I take or how much water I drink it's always there. It fogs up my sense of right and wrong. All I can think about is the little trickle of blood down my thigh when I scrape into it.

I want to get away from my mother, whenever I see her now I break down crying because it reminds me of all the shit shes said to me. "You're going to hell and you're a sin unless you pray and stop this boy girl (shes referring to my gender identity) nonsense" There have been so many times I sobbed in front of her begging her to stop saying these things but she ignored me. "You'd be really easy, you'd let any guy have you" The time I told her about the older man staring at me across the restaurant while licking his lips and smiling she simply said "it's a part of life I'll have to deal with now". I never mentioned all the other times grown men have locked eyes with me for far too long or I've caught staring at my body. 

I just dont wanna feel like an object on display. Not for my mother and be the perfect daughter that always does as she tells her. Not for the men that stare at me and make me never want to go outside again. Not for my classmates that whisper behind my back about how fucking big my ass is or how big my tits I are. Not for this stupid game called life that I know I'm not going to win at so why try. Not for anyone...