Does anyone else feel like - despite their best efforts - shit just gets worse, year after year?I'm sort of at the end of my rope, here, and I've been reading this subreddit for awhile as a bit of a reminder that I'm not the only hopeless failson farting around on half-empty forums for what I/we can only hope are the last part of our lives. All of the posts in here are discrete and unique but also more or less interchangeable, in a way, and its reassuringly depressing. Most don't get much of a response - I mean, what can you really even say - but the sheer volume of posts here indicates something about this sickness and its ubiquity.

Anyway, I've been suicidal for a long time, but I'd always channeled it into self-destructive behavior and hedonism. I worked retail and got addicted to opiates. A few years ago I changed those patterns, and this year I finished my master's degree and have been on suboxone for just over a year without any relapses. 

But it hasn't helped at all. I *feel* worse than I ever have, and my life is objectively worse than it has ever been. I'm in my late 20s, and I live in my parent's basement. I'm an unemployed junkie. I've put out hundreds of job applications since I graduated, just a blur of endless cover letters and sycophantic emails and nervous interviews, but none of them have come to anything. 

I went to school hoping to escape the misery I felt when I was working in a public facing position. Now that it has become clear not just prosperity, but basic solvency and happiness, are out of reach - permanently - because of my poor decision-making skills, I've really run out of reasons to keep going. The only thing that stops me from killing myself on any given day is my little pot of hash oil and my steam account, but my interest in those things is dwindling rapidly.

People have been telling me for years things will get better. I just had to do &lt;x&gt; life step, or &lt;x&gt; horrible thing that would just be a "temporary holding pattern until better things". But those better things are out of reach, and always will be. 

Is there anyone else out there who feels like this? Like they've taken the advice everyone gives them to no avail at all?

if anyone reads this, thanks 