I have made a decision.This post comes from me making up my mind on killing myself in 4 months, and feeling a part of me still looking for a reason to keep going. 
I have had a regular life, nothing too hard to live through. I have had things pretty easy and I know I shouldn’t be this angry and depressed and hopeless, but I am and nothing I do can change it. Sometimes I just feel like there is nothing left, and other times I cant bear the sadness that I feel. Some nights, like tonight, I feel my own pain on top of other people’s pain all stacked together and I can’t stop it. Tonight I am feeling the pain of a family friend, whose wife cheated on him, his child treats him like trash, and is completely alone at nights. I try to make it better but I can’t do everything. 
I’m not particularly unfortunate, but sometimes it feels like I am. I am boring, not good looking, not smart, and at best average. I do not have the drive to change anything because I will not be better. I don’t have friends, and all the times I thought I did weren’t true. Even now. No one cares. 
I had a little hope. I was living it out for my family, who I thought I loved very much. Some relatives of mine who I grew up with, they were babies and I never wanted to hurt them. My dad. My mom. My aunt. But I have grown up and I hear things now. I know my father doesn’t want me despite me trying to make him like me all my teen years, I know that everyone thinks I’m just some lame fat kid, and the babies I grew up with are teenagers now, who don’t like me or care for me anymore. They prefer my sister but I guess I’m okay with that now. I had hope in them but that is over, so I guess a part of me still looks for some hope anywhere. 
I have constant headaches. I have been living with anorexia for a while now, and with depression all my life. I have been dealing with a drug and alcohol problem for about a year. I think no one will take me seriously until it is bad enough, but I am past that point. I have made my decision but I am looking out for something to grab on to that might change my mind. It looks like Im looking for a pity party and I am sorry about that. 