I was born a mistake, I have no future...Hi everyone.

I just need someone or something to just show me how to end it all... I've failed multiple times as I just cannot do it.

I've done it since I was 17, and now I'm 26 and everytime I encourage myself to go jump the nearby bridge, I fail because I'm just simply too scared and it really, really hurts that I just cannot find the courage to make the jump...

I've had my future ruined completely as I never had a proper education at all, I'm stuck with no qualifications and out to fend for myself, I've worked myself like a horse in a retail job and I can't do jobs like that anymore because my back and shoulders can't take the load anymore after doing it so intensely for so long... my body is ruined and the doctors won't believe me saying I should simply exercise more to get better... Like as if I just sit around for my job and make it worse on myself.

I recently came out of homelessness thanks to the council providing me funding for the start of this accomodation and the thanks I get is a council tax bill that I can't even afford... I'm struggling to pay the rent and other bills already before this came along! At this rate I'll have no money for anything, I have no choice but to starve at this rate.

I cannot find any better sources of income as I have very few friends and the ones I do have cant help me. At all.

I've been broken and damaged mentally too because of the upbringing I had where I was not raised with care like my other siblings, because I was found to have autism at the age of 2, my mum used me to gain a lot of money for herself and would never give towards me in almost any manner, sure she fed me but I always slept either sharing a bedroom with my brothers or in the living room, where she would stay up until 4am drinking and not allowing me to sleep. At all.

I am broken mentally and physically, and there is just no road to recovery at all from here on out and I just simply wish to die... I really want to be someone's next victim as I'm too much of a coward to simply do it myself.

There is no future for me. No hope for ever having trust in others either as the other shared addresses I have been at all ended in being abused monetary, the last 2 addresses I stayed at before going officially homeless was ones where people would take all my savings and belongings for themselves then kick me out, then officially telling the law that I never lived there so they take all my stuff and then I have no way of retrieving it back. Ever. I could only dream of the money I'd need to cough up to get a civil court case going.

Please. Somebody just take my life and end my suffering. Now. It hurts too much