18, first year of uni, life ahead of me, and all i wanna do is go back and end it when i had the chance.Here's the story: i've been depressed since i was in elementary school. When high school came around i entered the International Baccalaureate program because it got me into a school where i had a fresh start. Except that didn't fix things. I spent two years planning how to kill myself, how to make sure it worked, the details. I had one, maybe two friends, so i wouldn't be missed. Except one day when i was planning what to do, i just marched into the office and said i needed help. 
And i got better. I got my life together. Really did! I made friends, i dated, i was fun to be around, i found passion in video games and academic writing! I got better. Mostly. I had dark times but it was okay, i never got real bad again.  
Then I graduated. 
And i realized some stuff. 
1) my boyfriend of 2 years was abusing me. whatever happened to him was my fault. I wasn't allowed to be upset. I wasn't allowed to be with my friends -- when i was he got mad and i always ended up distracted and frazzled. 
2) I wasn't in love with him and hadn't been for months 
3) I fell in love with my best friend and was upset at the idea of her with someone else 
4) every one of my friends was moving in 2 months and the only person left in town that i knew was my boyfriend 

This resolved itself well. With work on my part. Literally the best possible outcome. I broke up with my boyfriend, told my friend how i felt, got together with her even though distance is a thing, and spent two months hanging out with my friends before they moved. And i made a new friend or two at uni before it started! A month ago my life was perfect. I don't know what happened. 

Maybe i'm just stressed over midterms. But everything's falling apart. I can't focus on my work even though i love academic shit. I can't bring myself to do the stellar work i can produce. I'm struggling with school and i can't complain because everyone i know is in prestigious, demanding programs. My girlfriend is in engineering for fucks sake, and i'm majoring in sociology and i can't even handle that. My social life is a mess because i work weekends and can't hang with people. I can't focus so i'm never on top of my work. I feel like my girlfriend regrets getting together even though she talks about a future with me and tells me she's only interested in me. I just can't get on top of anything. 
Im drowning and im distancing myself from everyone because I can't fix this and people can only deal with me for so long, y'know?  

But i don't wanna kill myself now. Not really. I have connections. I know people. I have a job, and they'd be understaffed for weeks. 
I just wanna go back. I wanna go back to the day i marched into the office and said i needed help. I wanna go back to that day and stop myself. I wanna make the mini me go though with his plan. 