Having trouble finding a reason to wake upBrace yourselves for it. It's coming.

I'm having a hard time finding a reason to wake up. At first, I thought it was to go to work, and make something of myself. I was raised not to care what anyone thought of me, when I started fully realizing what this meant, I stopped caring about going to work. Losing my job, and now I've just been living off the last few wages I have. for the last 3 months I've done nothing but sit at home, and play games. About every other week I go over to some friends house, but that's about it as far as getting out, of course getting groceries.


I thought maybe I needed romance, someone to look forward to. Even then, that was nothing. I tried dating multiple people, then one person. And it wasn't enough. When I wake up, I'm just not excited for the day. I haven't been. When I last was, I can't remember. To this day, the only reason I consider myself alive is the danger that my mother might hurt herself, or that she will never be the same. And behind that, I have two brothers she raises. I know as much as we don't get along, with our giant age gap (15 years), I still care for them. 


The reason I don't say love, is because I don't know if I do. I haven't ever really loved anyone, but my mother. She's the only one who's been there since day 1 and still is there. I say it to others, but I don't mean it. The only other person that remotely comes close to the term love for me, is my best friend. Billy, or william, or will. I've known him since sophmore year in high school. It'll be 8 years I've known him in september. The guy, we've been through fights, thick and thin, we even lived with each other for a little over a year. I probably could confidently say I love the guy, but I can't.


I can't tell my father I love him, or my step father, or my brothers, or any relatives. My mom's side relatives have been there more for me than my fathers side, but even then, they have their own families.


I consider myself a pretty ethical and morally guided. I've never smoked a cigarette, I've never done any drugs, and the most intoxicated I've ever been was, what you might call a buzz. Barely felt it. I take pretty good care of my body otherwise.


The only reason I'm still in this world, is because I don't know how I want to go. Nearly every day I wonder how I'll go. Will it be by a car accident? By a terrorist attack? Me dying in a battle? Getting shot on the street? Choking? Some biological problem with my body? Maybe even stabbed in my own home? I kinda stopped caring. At this point, I don't really care if I go, the only thing I fear is how I will go on my own doing. 


Every other day I take a shower, just for the sense to keep my hair out of my eyes and feel clean. And in the showers, I consider suicide that day. Is today the day I do it? Is today the day I finally leave this world.


There is one thing, one small thing I still live for this day. I've been a gamer since I was 4. My father bought me a game boy, and I went out and bought the pokemon yellow version for it not much longer after. Since then, it's just been something I've done nearly every day of my life. When I was on a road trip with my father, I purchased a magazine when I was, somewhere around the age of 8. In it had a timeline, a prediction time line. At 2030, we would have virtual reality available to us, full immersion. Sounds, smells, sight, touch. Everything. 


Recently I watched an Anime series called sword art online. If you're not familiar with it, it's a series that is based on a game, and follows this teenager who is trapped in the game, along with ten thousand other players on the day it launched. They were stuck in that game for two years. If you died in the game, the virtual reality headset fried your brain, to put it simply. Four thousand people died in the two years the game was running, and the teenager beat the game, which was the requirement in order to leave it alive and open the logout button for everyone.


That, is the main reason I am still alive. To see what the future holds, but I'm losing motivation to care for it fast. A year or two? I wouldn't care, but fifteen years is a distance to go, and thats on a hunch. I wouldn't put it past our evolving technological pace, but full immersion. 


Even then, what happens if it is here? Do I just get bored of that?


Honestly, we're put in this world, with no sense of direction, no sense of goal. The #1 thing I read that a man lives for, is to leave a legacy. The #1 thing I read that a woman lives for, is to produce and raise kids.


I don't care about leaving a legacy really, because I don't care what others think of me. When you go through your daily life, how often do you think about a mans legacy, or even a persons legacy. Sure, bill gates designed windows, but we take it for granted. Do we sit there and thank the man every day for it? I'd say, for most of us, no. Deep down, nobody really cares about the legacy you live.


We're all trying to find a reason to live, a reason to wake up for each day. When we give up on that, then what's the point in waking up?

Now you might be asking yourself at this point. Why are you here then? If you don't care what anyone else thinks of you, why are you here? You're right, I don't. I'm here, because I want to know what others think when they can't find a reason to wake up. I guess most people trying to place positive thoughts that those are depressed, probably haven't been through something like that.

I'm not even depressed if you can call it that. I'm just confused. I feel like I was misguided when being raised almost. Leading me into a false reality. Of course, games are that. So I have no room to talk.

Normally, when I say I don't know, it's because I'm trying to avoid something or pass it off, but to this. 


I honestly, **Do.Not.Know.**