Shitty person falling into old habitsI really thought after years of my life being full of depression, anxiety and just general shit that I was finally past it and able to live my life. I lost my dog recently, he got me through everything - he made my 'hallucinations' go away whenever he was with me and him needing me kept me alive (alongside family and friends I suppose). I thought the fact that his death didn't drive me into depression again meant that I was recovered, but I've been feeling low the past few weeks (I'm coming off my antidepressants so thats obviously a contributor) and I don't want to live the rest of my life depending on tablets.

I went out last night to try and take my mind off the fact that my life is going downhill and I ended up making things worse. I kissed someone when I'm in love with someone else. The one I love was dating me for almost 2 years and really helped me become myself, but then left me to go away to a foreign country for a few months and doesn't really seem to realise how much that has messed me up (it's especially hard with losing my dog and feeling so alone). The one I love has done some questionable things while away and I became detached from them emotionally. After I kissed the person yesterday, I immediately messaged the one I love who seemed pretty broken up about it. I realised the extent of how much I messed up. A few others know and I just can't face being widely hated again like I was in high school.

I can't live with the fact that I hurt someone I love- someone who deserves better. I have some important results coming up and I'm really hoping they go badly so that I have more reason to finally end my life. The results are only a few days away, I think I'm waiting until then to plan my death and out of curiosity to see what years of work have gotten me - maybe there's hope in there that's keeping me going. 

I have been so lonely recently that I spoke to an ex who really damaged me, whether they intended to or not. I have more good memories with them than bad and they were the one constant in my life last time I was seriously ill, maybe I'm clinging onto the only thing I know. They seem nicer now anyway and can't do me anymore harm. But maybe they're simply another reason for me to kill myself. I don't know. 

I leave destruction and pain wherever I go. Yes humans make mistakes, but not like I do. I must be cursed or damned. I got better once, I sought help and never gave up. I'm not doing that again. That's why I'm writing this, so nobody has any clue how much I'm suffering and what I'm planning. That way nothing can stop me. I hope I have the strength to go through with it this time. Yes there is good in life, but I'm tired of the extreme bad that is attracted to me. I'm not fit for this world and I'm tired of trying - it's been so long.