To those who say (to relative strangers), "You can't kill yourself because I care."I'm in my late twenties, have had the urge to check out of life since I was about 13. The urge is getting stronger again these days, and currently I'm making myself live through it until a specific date four or five months in the future. 

Suicide is something that people with a plethora of hardships consider because there is no better option. Sometimes it's very easy to just coast from day to day, especially if you use things to numb the reality of your situation. If you buy too many things, if you drink too much, if you eat too much. If you have a long history of wearing armor. But I don't think killing yourself is a choice that should never be elected. 

Some people have families or family members who care about them. Some people have gifts they owe it to themselves to share with the world. Gifts that are important and worthy. 

Love is precious, when it exists between people who have known each other for years and offer each other support. Love and caring can be vital parts of helping someone find the meaning that exists in their individual lives. 

But I have been told that I need to get shipped off to get care so many times by people who say 'you can't do this because I care'. But surprise, surprise. As soon as I stop actively planning to kill myself, they're gone. They don't want to talk, they don't want to spend any time together. They use the times you try to say goodbye before you kill yourself to feel better about themselves. "Look at me, I convinced X not to kill themselves. I'm a compassionate person."

But care and compassion in the frame of reference of suicide and its execution (hurr hurr) goes beyond shipping someone off to get care. It goes beyond making sure they survive a night, a day, a week. 

You can go right off and fuck yourself if you're not prepared to be there for the long haul. At least as a friend. 

I don't have family that wants me to stick around, and my friends don't ever want to hear it from me that I'm not feeling like myself. The date that I picked in the future is after a convention that seems interesting, but that (other than momentary distractions) is one of the only reasons I've not alleviated my suffering. I'm tired. And I'm tired of putting on a show for literally everyone. 