I don’t get it, what is wrong with me?I’ll get straight to the point, I want to die. I’m a 13 year old female artist (I use that term loosely) I hate school to the point of wanting to literally bang my head as hard as possible into a locker and hope to all hell that I die if I just keep hitting it. But obviously I didn’t do that nor will I most likely, I have been depressed probably since I was about 8 or younger and I have always thought of suicide and I don’t really know why. I probably having things mentally wrong with me but I have gotten extremely good at hiding my depression and suicidal thoughts for over 5 years now, and I only keep getting better. I have broken down in school recently because of extreme anxiety around people and especially when someone takes my things (someone I called a friend stole my bag and thought of it as a joke which this only made everything worse) I don’t know why I can get extreme anxiety from this but I do. I have never really had a want to live to be completely honest. Until a few days ago, so this is where I’m like “what the fuck is wrong with me?” Because I met someone on a game they were nice and it was just enjoyable to be with them we ended up playing later that day and overall spent 9 hours together that day. But he was in a bad relationship (long distance) and when I heard him literally crying in the voice chat I was so extremely worried and scared I didn’t know what to do so I stayed with him for at least an hour trying to make sure he was ok. He was nice and never wanted me to be upset and I didn’t want that for him either and we both ended up having a crush on each other. For a little I was happy but that didnt last. It all went away so fast I didn’t even get a chance to hold onto it. Because when the weekend started I started to feel depressed and later into the night when I was going to bed (yesterday) I started to think of suicide. Now today I’m acting like I’m ok and for a little while I was with him I truly was ok, he keeps me calm and I can’t deny that. But I still think of cutting myself hurting myself doing anything to harm myself and for the past few months I’ve been on the edge of cutting myself etc. and I’m just here thinking “what’s wrong with me?” “Why am I shaking so much and crying?” “Why does he like me? I’m just a freak” I have these thoughts so so much and I can’t help it, it’s becoming harder to hide this, mainly from him and its kind of driving me mad because I don’t want to bother him I just want him to be happy.

Because to be completely honest no matter how stupid this sounds, he’s the only reason I’m here looking for some help