It'll only get worse for meBack in elementary school I was the smartest kid in class, I had the highest grades without ever even having to try. In high school my grades plummeted due to depression. I could barely get out of bed most days and I almost didn't even graduate. It's been three years since and I still haven't even applied to college. I took three community college courses and had to drop two of them because I was too incompetent to finish them.

I eat when I'm depressed and I'm gaining more and more weight. I'm terrified of getting fat or having diabetes but I don't know what to do.

It's so hard to make friends. I'm quiet and morose enough to be almost totally unapproachable, and every time I'm in a group with strangers all I can do is judge them and notice all their flaws. I don't respect my peers, and I'm sure that comes through in my demeanor because no one's ever interested in talking to me or becoming friends with me or making any effort to even say hello or be polite.

I've been diagnosed with autism and ADHD, so even on the rare occasion that I meet someone I actually like and who likes me I fuck it up with my myriad mental illnesses and disabilities. I get anxious and worried and ruminate on everything that could go wrong until I end every relationship I have before the other person has the chance to end it themselves.

When I was seventeen I watched my girlfriend try to kill herself. I called 9-1-1 and paramedics came and saved her life. She hated me so much after that and she never spoke to me again. Every relationship I've had since then has been shitty and short and miserable. Every friend cuts contact eventually when they can't deal with how depressed I am anymore.

My autism and ADHD make it impossible for me to work more than 20 hours a week, and even that's a stretch. I can't get through college, I have no upward mobility, and no way to get money to take care of myself. Once I can't stay on my parent's healthcare I'm fucked as far as getting medication goes, and when I'm this bad now I can only imagine how much worse it'll get.

I have no future. I have no hope that things will get better. I'm a waste of space and all I bring to others is pain. Nothing makes me happy. I wish I was dead but I'm too much of a coward to kill myself.

I don't know what to do.