I'm tired of being so sick...To preface, I am a 21 year old male who has suffered from major depression for 8 years and GAD for 4. I am currently on 10mg of Lexapro and seeing both a therapist and psychiatrist on a weekly basis. I'm doing everything I can to reach out and get help but nothing is working.

I've struggled with my depression ever since my grandfather died 8 years ago. His death cause my family to almost fall apart because he was such a good spirited man that kept my family together. On January 17th, 2007, a good 4 months after his death, I attempted to take my own life by overdosing on Tylenol and Sudafed. I failed, since I am still here but my life has been an emotional roller coaster ever since. 

In the past I've gone days, weeks and even months, happy and without a care in the world but the past 3 months have been the worst thing I've experienced in my life. The anxiety has become too much for me to try and control with the tricks I've learned from therapists and many of my friends have begun to grow tired of not having the "old stopitnowforever" around to hangout with. My parents have been at each others throats for the past month because of my father's job and my mother is a wreck for knowing I'm struggling so hard with my depression.

I know there is plenty of people that will miss me and my death will cause a lot of sadness, but I'm only failing those people who miss the old me. I'm only causing stress in their lives because I can't face life like a normal human. They have grown tired of dealing with me and my mental disorders are pushing them away. Sure, people love me but I'm sick of them loving someone who I used to be.

The thing that scares me the most is that school is really the only thing I have keeping me going. School ends in less than a week and I'm terrified that if I have nothing to push me out of bed in the morning, I will simply lose my mind and end everything. I've been preparing for the past couple weeks by writing everyone letters and telling them that they will miss me but I will finally be free of suffering and I will live on in their hearts. I plan to text a friend on where all the letters are stashed right before I cut every inch of skin off my body.

Life has been exhausting and I can't keep going on anxious, depressed, tired and a shell of my former self. I really need help reddit.