nothing leftI'm bipolar type 1 and my life since my diagnosis has just gotten steadily worse, any improvements I make I end up losing down the line. My illness has been the major contributor in losing pretty much all my important friends except one, my girlfriend, ex I should say. She's leaving me because she can't deal with it anymore and I don't blame her, she deserves better. After that I really don't have any friends, just acquaintances. I lost my biggest client, and he wants to sue me. He's insane but now I have no job, lost my only friend, and I have to decide in 25 days whether or not to renew my lease. I just can't deal with this. Now my depression is just pushing my ex further and further away (we have to live together for another 2 months due to financial constraints on both sides). i just want her to be happy, to succeed and I can't even manage to get that right, she's the only one i can talk to and when I do it just brings her down I can't keep hurting her like this. i hate myself, what i've become. I'm that unstable mentally insane person everyone avoids and just can't deal with. this is my life, this is what it will always be. Sure there will be cycles where it gets better but in the end this is where I always end up, worse than where I started.

i promised not to do anything for the next ~2 months, long enough for her to move out and finish her semester with hopefully minimal interference from me but after that, after losing the only good thing I had in my life because I screwed things up, because I couldn't handle being a decent normal person, because I was incapable or doing that, I lost her and everyone else that meant something to me in my life. i keep trying to hide it for her sake but it seeps through, i just want to leave and go somewhere but I don't have enough money, at least she would be able to live in peace. I don't want to involve my family, for reasons we don't need to get into. If it wasn't winter I could go camping or something but it's just not possible. I just can't deal with this and I can't talk to her about it because it's just too much for her and how can anyone handle that. "I'm going to kill myself because you're leaving me" that's such a shitty thing to do to another person and I had managed to hide that from her but 2 days ago I slipped up and said something and she was right on it and knew. I hate myself even more for not being able to spare her. I love her but I can't even act like it, put her own interests first. I really just hate myself. I won't be able to live without her, and I don't have to. If I kill myself then I won't have to live without her, I won't have to live with that pain. And I could give her whatever I have left to help her succeed in life where I could not.

I don't know, I don't see how I can be talked out of this but I guess that's what I want since I'm here. But I don't know what you or anyone could say that would make me forget that I love her and would do anything for her. But ultimately that just makes me even more pathetic I guess.
I don't know where I'm going with this I could probably keep typing but I'll just press save. And don't worry too much like I said I'm not doing anything tonight or tommorrow or next week, ~2 months from now when she's gone it'll be a different story but I guess there's a lot of time between now and then, I still hope something will change.