Had a mental breakdown and wrote this, I hope someone has the time to read it Hello, my name is XXXXXX and as I'm writing this comment I'm currently 17 years old. My mom and dad were both pretty demanding to both me and my sister, they got upset by almost everything, they hit us, they shouted at us, they raised us in a way were we had to satisfy the expectations and desires of others before our own. Growing up like this wasn't easy, sure I had my happy moments, after all I was a kid, but I was always trying to be the best at everything, to succeed at everything, it got to the point where I got extremely angry whenever I lost at games or things like that. I was ridiculed in school because of this, I was laughed at and bullied, I was an easy target. Naturally, my social skills weren't and still aren't as good as those of other people. Meanwhile, I was succeeding magnificiently at school, I was one of the top students, and it seemed like the only thing my parents were proud of. Then came highschool (currently there) my lack of social skills really hurt me, unable to establish contact with others efficiently has led me to be an outcast among my classmates, as well as to not be interesting enough for people to consider me for a potential partner. Being an asexual who takes things pretty literally, doesn't want to smoke or drink, doesn't like sports, has retired from playing videogames, doesn't watch any series or movies in particular, does not like any of the current music, doesn't know how to dance and who has spent most of his former life in videogames and homework does not help \*at all\* either. Either way, all of that plus stress from school and a broken heart led me to a lot of depressive episodes, to the point where I stopped doing homework, I stopped talking to people, I stood sitting for days doing nothing but browsing social media, playing games and torturing myself with my thoughts over and over again. I started having suicidal thoughts, and was about to stab myself to death one night. I didn't do it, my therapist told my parents, and I was given a second chance. Things seemed to get better for once, but now... I can't fix anything... all that time spent during my depressive behavior (not having an official diagnosis doesn't help at all either, since there's no way to convince others that what I was experiencing is real), I can't do all the work I had left, I can only do what's due to the other day and even then I struggle. I thought my parents had changed, I thought they were starting to become better, but all I can hear is them asking me if I have worked enough and if I've already finished my due work. I want them to know I'm trying my best, I've already stopped playing videogames, abandoned social media, some days I keep working during the whole day, I'm trying to do my best, but I'm tired, I'm stressed, I'm sad, I'm lonely, and sometimes those depressive moments come back and I can't work when they happen. Today my mom has threatened me to get me out of school if I don't "learn for once and stop playing games", that's what they think it's about, a game... as if I had a choice for everything that's happened over the last 14 years of my life and how it is affecting me, being just an ignorant and confused child. I wish this could have never happened... I wish I could have never happened, maybe things would be better that way. 