Trapped by chronic painI don't even know where to start.  I live in a small town that is killing me socially.  I have been on disability for years.  I have chronic neck/shoulder/arm pain that is constant and gets worse the more active I am from a simple accident last year.  Most days I don't even say a word.  I don't take any medicine because it prevents me from working.  I have been out of work for a year.  I have some artistic talent and do digital work and have been trying to put together a portfolio to get work, yet it still causes much pain.  I am horribly depressed, yet I think it is a social problem more than anything, I do not watch TV or movies but just read and paint, I do not party, drink or do drugs but what motivates me is learning, so it is very difficult for anyone to relate to me and I think I am often misunderstood which leads me to being made a pariah once more.  I don't like joining groups.  But it is the pain that really gets me.  I have been to doctors and they just give me pain pills and tell me to come back in a few months.  I stopped the pills when I started developing a tolerance as that is the beginning of a downward spiral I did not want.  It has been almost a year and the pain is worse in some ways.  I think it might be worse now because my social situation has completely imploded.  No one calls me or invites me anywhere, I don't think a single person other than my parents have even checked up on me in over a year.  Well no there is this one girl, but she lives over a thousand miles away and only stays in contact because we were working together on this art thing.  I don't really know much about her, or if she is even real, she is more like a character from one of my books. I have so much work to do, so many wrongs to right, but I grow weary.  Over the past few months I have been giving away as much of my stuff as possible.  I have tried setting boundaries with the people that call themselves my friends, yet honestly I don't think that they really care if I am here.  I was always too trusting and never a good judge of character.  Here is how I describe it:

Today I thought of why different people see the same actions with different intentions.  I used the 3 main psychoanalysts of the 20th century to make the point.  When I see a person next to me at a coffee shop or where ever I might ask them "Do you know how to use after effects?".  If what motivates and drives them in life is purely material they may think that I am attracted to them.  This is the Freudian view, that what occupies people's interest is the physical sexual attraction.  Evolutionarily this makes sense as those that possess a good physique can be beneficial for protection and such.  However with the rule of law, society, capitalism and the neo-cortex a person's ability to use their mind to dominate or create hierarchical relationships gave them an evolutionary edge over their competitors, so an Adlerian perspective would be "what are you trying to sell me?".  Then there is the idea that in every moment and every interaction we are interacting with projections of ourselves, not some object to give us pleasure through sensation or to conquer through taking its resources but an equal to us or in a sense a part of us that can help us learn, so when I ask if you know how to use after effects I really just want to know so you can help me learn how to use it quicker.  This final view I compare to Jung.  What drives this last character is all the lessons one can learn about themselves and other people.

So what do I do?  The intense physical pain makes my life miserable.  I only don't really think of it too much when I am with people.  Disability and local town make it impossible to have friends.  Solution is to start a new life, which requires money, so work on art and such which causes the physical pain to increase, which makes me want to be around people more, attempt to interact with local population, due to their motivations being the first two of above they interpret mine as the same? I don't know how to interact socially successfully.  The only people that end up listening exploit me? I end up alone so I try to work harder to get out and end up increasing physical pain.

It is almost impossible to build a social network on your own, people that I could talk to, relate to and find someone I could trust.  My typical solution to depression is to exercise, yet I tried to get into that and it has only caused more physical pain.

I refuse to be a medicated zombie.  I have done it before, sure I was "happy" but that really isn't the most important thing in the world.  I don't know where to turn, or even who to trust, I have been burned so many times.

I just don't know what to do.