It's my life, don't you forget   First of all I'm just going to say, suicide isn't much of an option for me. I'm very fed up with life, I'm depressed and as a result I do stupid, reckless things, such as smoking cigarettes, driving too fast, climbing steep icy hills, getting very drunk, eating things I know are bad such as charred meat, fast food, etc. I'm afraid of what I'm going to become. Most days I'm fine but when it hits, I feel like I'm going to explode.

   My whole life I've been a people pleaser, I try to be everyone's friend. People say I'm wise or intelligent but no one really connects to me. Whether it's me being suspicious or them, I don't know. I know my family cares for me, but I don't care that they care. I want this feeling that I'm alone to go away. I say what I think and I just get ignored or they mirror what I've already told them. Why is it so hard to feel loved? I'm afraid I'll always be this way and I will leave this world having helped no one. I'm afraid that's what people think about me; That I'm just a nobody. My hope for the future used to fill the room, but now I can only hold on to a glimmer of it. 

   Some people say, I'm a prophet of doom the way I talk, but I'm just repeating the message that my journey has delivered to me. I'm not religious but I do believe in humanity. I know there's good in me, but what has expressing my goodness achieved? My well has ran dry now and all I feel is hate. Human beings are behaving recklessly, democracy has failed, money controls the government, slavery is now the accepted way of life. Can't we see that we're all the same, when you look into my eyes we're seeing ourselves. Why would we risk all these comforts of the modern existence for unnecessary social status? Why would we fill the land with trash and poison the air? Human beings are on a very bloody path that maybe no one will survive. Electricity isn't worth it if we have to pump billions of tons of CO2 into the atmosphere. Why haven't we instituted a simpler way to heat up water to power the earth? I'm so frustrated, I'm so sad, my voice isn't being heard. Everyone with my message is not being heard and I cannot even relieve my pain with some recreational marijuana because the police and laws say that it's wrong. They think that it's okay to lock someone up, ruin their future chances of getting a career, LOCK THEM UP. Caps lock means I'm seriously pissed off. They are monsters, how can we let them hurt people like that? America was supposed to be a place where freedom and other such nonsense existed but we're the opposite. Everyone thinks Bernie Sanders will wave his magic wand and fix the government, everyone thinks Trump, Clinton, etc. Why do they think government will fix a damn thing? The government is just a shadow of the corporations and big time billionaires. The world has fallen to money, or perhaps just the United States has fallen to idiocy. 

   I'm not going to die, but I am going to hasten my exit as much I can. Hopefully I don't get fat. Hopefully I find a woman who loves me, even though I'm damaged. 
   Oh yeah, my story. I was born on the outskirts of a very small town. I grew up poor and my parents were young and stupid. But my mother instilled the dream in me to make it out of the slums. My teachers seemed to agree with her, I was soo smart, blah blah blah. The students all knew I was the smart kid, but I was never good at socializing. I never had a girlfriend, even though I look fine. I have horrible chest and back acne, even though I'm 23, and maybe it has always affected my self-confidence. I would shun swimming with anyone, even though I loved it. I would say that I hated swimming. I've had sex with three women, all were quite attractive but I don't know. All of the interactions seemed empty, there was no feeling from either of us. Why can't I have a girl that loves me? At my core, I think that is where my anger stems. I just want a fucking hug, I want a female friend who wants to see me and have fun together. Not just have sex, I don't care if that ever happens again. I'm not even afraid of girls anymore, I've struggled so much that I'm encased in steel. But how will they handle someone like me?
    After highschool, I got a full ride through college; but I wasn't prepared to live on my own. I was so stressed out having to run back and forth all the time between a job and classes. I let my social life take over and started ditching all of my classes. It was the first experience I had with failure and it devastated my psyche. What once was a happy go lucky soul became cold and distant.
     Then last year, I fell in love with a woman. She was so strong and smart, not to mention incredibly beautiful. She sang and danced and flirted with everyone. She was always so happy and loving, we watched movies and went for walks, played games, talked, she even played with my hair for like 20 minutes. I felt like I was in Heaven. After we met, I felt like my inner child returned. The only thing was, she was my best friends girlfriend. But he was always cynical when he talked about her in private. "She's rich, spoiled, she'll cheat on me, I'm gonna break up with her etc" He never had much hope they would make it, but of course he loved her too. I think he was just afraid she would leave him. He gave me permission to woo her to my hearts content.  And well, it was only the second time I had felt that way for someone and the first time didn't hit me quite as hard.  I felt hopeless the whole time even though things appeared to be working out quite well for me. Every sentence I spoke was one more nail in the coffin of our relationship.

   Then we had sex, and it was fine but after that I didn't know how to interact with her. Plus she lives an hour away and I'm poor and have no car. So we drifted apart and now she has a boyfriend. I saw him for the first time on facebook earlier and my heart dropped. I wanted to call her and saying something like, "I saw your profile picture, you look beautiful and so does he" but when we talk I don't know what to say. Anything that I come up with or think about beforehand is instantly gone when I hear that angelic voice. I'm giving her space right now, I think that's the right move. But how can I ignore the pain of loneliness and rejection. She obviously doesn't care for me the way I do for her. I don't know. She asked me if I was in love with her, she's very perceptive. I said no, we were just attracted to each other. I wish I had told her the truth, even though it would've had the same result. My mentor told me to forget about her. But I can't do that! It's on my mind 24/7, when I see words my mind reforms them to her name. Vague references which have nothing to do with her brings her to my mind. I've thought about blocking her on facebook and going out to find the easiest woman out there to fuck, but that doesn't sit well with my emotional side, I want her. And I can't give up on that.

   I'm so tired, I don't want to work a 40 hour week. I want to raise my own food, power my oven with science to store said food over winter. I want to drink the water from the ground and make my clothes from the fibers, grown from the investment of time. Cities are an abomination and will be the death of us all. I love everyone and I do not want to die but my dream seems hopeless, so I'm gonna go have a cigarette, even though I don't smoke. Then I'm gonna put in an application to Ramey Auto Parts because my dream is so far away. I wish I had the guts to end my life, but I'm terrified of what it'll do to my family. I think I just want to die so she'll understand, I couldn't live without her. 
   