Being good looking with a bad personality sucks (repost from other forum)I notice people say stuff like, "attractive people don't have to try in life", and "looks are the main thing that matters". I guess I can understand why people think that because of the media and whatnot. I've learned throughout life that it isn't completely like that. I've been rejected and broken up with by men based on how I'm boring, uninteresting, no fun, depressing, etc. Men never feel a "connection" with me. And I've also fucked up for years with having sex with men right away and by basically basing my relationships on sex. 

I've had the same shitty personality for years now and it feels so difficult to change. It won't seem authentic to me to be fun since I haven't been for so long. Every time a guy rejects me or breaks up with me, the girl they get with after me is always not as good looking as me. It makes me feel like shit because I know they must have such a better personality than me, and even though they don't look as good they can still get a guy that I want. I know that it sounds mean but it's how I feel. 

This is happening even now with an ex boyfriend that I'm still in love with and it hurts so much. I'm still his friend, and he was saying that he likes this girl because they "have fun interactions and makes him smile even when he doesn't want to". I know me and him never had fun interactions. All we did was go out to dinner and have sex, and that was all my doing so it's my fault. I wish I could change and get him to like me again. I want to have hope that if I keep being his friend maybe he'll like me again but it seems like such a small chance. I just want to start over with him.

No, I don't think I'm perfect by the way. I do have some insecurities about myself like the majority of people do. Whenever I think about wanting to get work done to fix some subtle things, I come back to remember that getting even better looking isn't going to help me get a man and most likely won't make me feel better about myself. 

So basically, I want to ctb because I'm not with the man I'm in love with, and I hate who I am and wish I was someone else. And because I don't think I'm going to go anywhere in life with trying to get a career, but that's a different story. Yes, I know there are definitely people who have it worse. Everyone is different though with how much they can take in life, and whatever problems someone has, they are still problems for them even if other people consider them as only slight problems.

So I don't know what to do anymore. Is there a chance I could start over with this guy?