Feeling suicidal for the past week.Hi, and thanks for reading this

A quick introduction: I'm a 21 year-old Finnish guy. I study history, but I'm not too interested in an academic career. It all feels very pointless right now. I only came to this school because I quit the conscription army midway and had to find something to do.

Now, I've been depressed before, during high school. That was largely due to some medication I was on at the time. I've also had suicidal thoughts before, but hoped they wouldn't return.

I've been feeling sad since December because a crush rejected me. That was fine with me though, I still had good friends at my school, or so I thought. It's beside the point, but I'was been very lonely throughout my whole life. I've never had luck in love, no matter how much I try to improve myself. A lot of people do like me as a friend, and tell me I'm a great guy, but that friendship doesn't seem last when I feel depressed. This in turn dissapoints and angers me. I judge both myself and other people very harshly when it comes to ethics, and I've had a tendency towards hard misanthropy in the past, especially when angry or sad. These feelings have now resurfaced.

Sorry, I know this text is a mess, but I'm just trying to get it all out there. I haven't done anything today except lay in bed. I haven't eaten anything, only drank a couple cups of water. 

I feel betrayed by people I trusted. I feel alone in the world. At school they must be able to see I'm heartbroken, but no one cares. This makes me see people as disgusting. Sometimes I feel like I truly hate humanity. I do have my family and my best friend, but they are in another city.

Because of these things I've started having extremely suicidal thoughts. If I had a firearm, I would've done it already during an emotional burst. I'm sure of it. I daydream about whether people would care if they found me with my throat slit open. I don't want to live. I feel so anxious. I have no motivation for school. I already skipped all classes today. I have violent tendencies when angry, and alcohol makes it worse. I feel as if everything would be better if I were dead. I want to cry, but can't when I'm sober. Why live in a world so full of anxiety, terror and sadness. Why live when you're only surrounded by soulless hyenas. Everytime I give hope a chance and trust someone, my heart ends up broken. I still want to have hope though. I still crave affection and hugs.

Right now I feel completely incapacitated. I might quit the school. I just want to sleep and never wake up.

Sometimes people are blind when it comes to.issues that concern themselves. Could you maybe be offer me advice, or support? Thank you.