I feel like I am done and need helpI don't really want to rewrite this so just read this to get an understanding of where I'm at:
http://www.reddit.com/r/findapath/comments/323ise/21_in_university_dont_know_what_to_do/

Since I made this post, in the last couple weeks I have studied really hard for my Calculus class. I went into the library and studied for the class as late as I could. I went to all of my professor's office hours for help. I went to tutoring sessions. I even ignored some stuff in my other classes just to maximize my studying for this class because I know I had to pass it. And....I actually felt like I eventually knew what I was doing. But then I take the exam and I fail. I just couldn't put all the material together in the time allotted to find the answers; I could do individual problems well and I understood the material but the scope of the exam just felt like it went beyond what was covered in the class.

And god, now I feel like such a failure. I remember when I was in middle and high school, and I was such a good student, I felt like I had such a good future ahead of me. And my parents were proud. And now I feel like I can't do anything. I feel like I can't be successful in any area of life. I can't even pass my driver's ed exam. The last two years of my life have just felt like one constant and consistent cycle of failure. I feel like I don't belong in this world, and that any continued existence will just cause further disappointment and further pointless use of resources. The worst part of this all is that I feel like there's nothing to blame but myself. I know there are people who can't go to college because of their financial situation, or have some kind of medical problem, or they grew up in a poor home and that affects the way they learn. Even people who deal with drug addiction or something, that's a common problem and it's easy to fall into if you befriend the wrong crowd. Those failures are all failures of society and the system of capitalism, not of the individual themselves. For me I grew up in an upper middle class household that emphasized education a lot, I studied hard in college, and I'm still a complete failure. I just feel like I don't deserve to live. 