I don't think I can make it through college...I don't really know what's wrong with me... I feel like my brain is wired differently from other people's. I don't get that much happiness or joy or whatever that people get when they do normal stuff like play games or whatever, the only time I'm happy is when I'm in a relationship.

In high school, I loved this girl to the point of obsession but, she really just didn't like me back. I dreaded myself for a year, I got pretty depressed. I couldn't really motivate myself to do anything, I lost the majority of my friends, I just kind of... stayed in my room and stopped caring.

My senior year I found someone, and we talked for a while and we were really happy. We actually had to agree to force ourselves to log off of AIM at the same time, because we would stay up so late talking to each other that our classes would be brutal. She had a friend who went to my school. Her friend was in English with me, but failing. I wanted her friend to be able to hang out with her over the summer because they were really close, so I tried to help her with class, but then she told my friend I was bugging her and after repeated attempts to make amends they both hate me now. After that I lost the rest of my friends except for one, but we're getting kind of distant...

I'm starting college now. It's a community college, so the normal ways to meet people don't really work. I'm really lonely, I don't really talk to people now anymore, and I don't see any reason for me to keep doing the work. There's a girl in my japanese class who reminds me of the girl I really liked in high school, and thinking about how I'd never really be able to befriend her or talk to her because she's already got a solid group of friends and i'm a weird ugly outsider just makes me really depressed. Before, I would always think about suicide really emotionally, but now it feels way more calculated. I don't even fear death anymore, because life just doesn't have any point to it. When I was most depressed, my fear of death would stop me, but now I just think about what the future could be and that kind of stops me. I looked it up and saw something like 20% of guys never get married, and even then most marriages end in divorce, so the odds are I'd never really find someone to be with my whole life and that's really all I want. Suicide just seems like a shortcut, since for me it doesn't look like the path to death will be paved with any happiness.

I don't feel as depressed anymore, but, I think I'm a lot closer to suicide. I like to sit in my car and drive around, passing by a bridge over and over again because if I just turned the steering wheel I could kill myself and be done with everything. I like to sit in the kitchen and lay down with a big knife and just... sit there... thinking about it. 

I guess it's just that Suicide has gone from some big emotional "oh no I'm in pain thing" to just "there's no point anymore." I don't even know what I'm asking from you guys, but I thought maybe there was some way you could help.