My life has convinced me that people like me are just meant to be a tragedy.Let me start off with some backstory. I am currently 20 and live in Nevada. My whole life was an accident from the very start. Mom and dad were meth addicts, dad was a drug dealer. He was never around, he is currently in rehab after one of his countless relapses. My mom eventually got off meth, but cares waaaay more about her boyfriends than any of her 7 biological children. Her and I are still in touch since I have a hard time letting go of people, I'm the only one out of my 6 brothers and sisters that even bother with her after the mental abuse she's put all of us through. 


After I graduated my senior year of high school (about 4 years ago) my mom decided it was time to boot the last kid out of the nest (I was 17 at the time) and booted me out. My mom wanted to go live in Arizona with her boyfriend, didn't want me to go. Having kids is too much of a burden. The drug addicted apple doesn't fall far from the drug addicted tree. I started doing opiates from the age of 16 to 17. Forced myself to stop because I moved in with a highschool friend (that I barely knew) and her mom for about 2 years. I stopped doing drugs because I was now on my own with strangers who would likely kick me out if they found out I was doing such things in their household. I was mentally tortured by highschool friend and her sister, who liked to rub in the fact that she had previously had sex with my boyfriend prior to me dating him and gave me severe self esteem issues. Was pushed into severe self harm problems and terrible withdrawal symptoms. I got a job when I turned 18 and booked a hotel room so I could kill myself. I could tell I really didn't want to do it, but I saw no reason to keep pushing on. Decided against it and never showed up, wasting the $100* I spent for a night. 

Fast forward to now, I moved in with my boyfriend and his family because of aforementioned issues with the other people I used to live with. Living here has been hell. I quit my job for a new one since I had to take the bus in Las Vegas. I am 4'11", so inevitably taking the bus with a lot of homeless people and drug addicts, I was robbed. A few of my other coworkers have also dealt with armed robberies so my best course of action here was to look for a job in a better area. The new one fired me after one month for not being able to work times I said I wouldn't be available on my application. I have had no job since then. 

My boyfriend's dad has been on my ass about this ever since, both of his parents are disgusting alcoholics. He expects me to take the bus with no issues after I was robbed. My boyfriend doesn't want me to do that, or walk, so we asked his dad to teach me how to drive so I could drive the car that was parked in the driveway that hasn't been touched in months, perfectly working condition, to work. His mom fakes a new illness/injury every month so she hasn't worked in like 10 years. Everyone has had suspicions about this, so it's not just me being insensitive. His dad sold the car to a friend for 1k, said no to teaching me how to drive, and told me I should just take the bus. I would like to find a job but this city feels too dangerous.

It's been 2 years since this happened. 2 YEARS NOW. I'm almost 21 and nothing has happened. His dad and mom are too lazy to even take me to therapy or doctors appointments anymore. (I have been diagnosed with severe depression, OCPD, borderline personality disorder, an eating disorder, and a severe anxiety disorder) I've had the "we need to get our lives together" talk with my boyfriend several times, cried, the whole 9 yards. Complained RELENTLESSLY about how miserable I am here, and how he needs to bitch his dad out and force him to teach him how to drive so we can get OUT of here. To get an idea of how fucking terrible his dad is his dad goes to lee's liquor shop more than the grocery store to provide food for us. Just more alcohol for him and his wife. EXPENSIVE beer and several bottles of vodka. 5 people live in this house and we have 1 working bathroom. Due to the fact that his dad neglects housework and fixing the house that he fucking owns out of LAZINESS. We have 4 cats and 5 dogs, all that he claims he "loves more than humans" and I feel like that's his excuse for treating everyone but his wife like shit, it's fucking absurd. He even gets off to shutting off the Wi-Fi for absolutely no reason. He's just fucking spiteful and angry constantly. 

I talked to my boyfriend about this. So many times. He says he doesn't want to move out with his sister (who has 2 empty 1 person bedrooms) until I have a job. I tell him, I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. I HATE LIVING HERE. I'm miserable. I have no where else to go, no one loves or cares about me enough to help me. The rest of my family doesn't like me very much. I've never been close to them. Im different from them so they just kind of alienate me and think I'm a delinquent. I'm quite literally a burden wherever I turn. No one can help me, but I can't help myself. I have no means to. I tried reaching out to my friends. None of them care and are way too busy with their own lives. I just really want to end it all. After 2 years of wanting to find a purpose, a reason to keep on keeping on, I've come up dry. I really do not see a reason to keep struggling anymore. I've never felt so alone and hopeless in my whole life. Please help me, give me advice, along side of my terrible mental health, all of these issues, and thinking these situations inside out, I don't know what to do anymore. 