I've been doing so god damn great... up till SaturdayMe and my ex broke up on Christmas night. We had dated long distance for almost a year. I did the whole begging and pleading for a couple weeks then completely cut her out and had no problem doing so. Then a few weeks after cutting her out she comes back apologizing and crying to me. I let her back into my life as a friend.

Fast forward a few months and I've felt like nothing much had changed between us and she had gotten jealous from me being with other women. I decide to make what might have been the biggest mistake of my life. I moved 850 miles to be close to this girl. Left all my friends and family. Just me, a basket of clothes, some autographed baseball's, and my altima.

Everything seemed perfect at first. I got a decent job that pays the bills and will pay for me to finish school through tuition reimbursement. Me and her were hanging out on a daily basis. I was happy again I thought. Then about a month in of waiting for the right moment and not seeing it, I start to talk to some other women from work. She didn't like that. She started questioning who I was texting  even though a lot of the time when we were together even late at night she would be texting other guys. When I told her who it was she got pissed. So I told her I wanted to be more serious with her of she didn't want other girls in my life and she shut me down about that too.

A couple weeks after this I was still getting a lot of bs about this one girl. Every time I went out it was "how's your date going?" "How are you and kristy?" One night I wanted to talk to her. So I texted her a few times only to receive 1 word bullshit responses. It pissed me off because she got so mad at me for talking to other people and wouldnt talk to me half the time. I went off. I called her out. I said sorry I can't be as interesting as ___, ___, ____,... oh I named so many guys she had no idea I knew she was flirting with. She didn't realize all these Facebook comments and shit still popped up on my shit.

Then she acts like I did the biggest sin possible. She goes off. She threatens to keep my 300$ softball bat I had let her borrow. She ended up walking up in my apt with the bat and threatened to beat me with it. She ended up throwing a shoe at me and leaving calling me crazy and telling me I ruined her life. All I wanted was to be back to normal. Back to where we were last year around this time. 

I went about a week answering 2 of her calls but not reaching out to her. Then I gave in and tried to talk and she gave me the "I don't feel like arguing". I never tried to argue I just said I want to work things out. I went another week without talking to her and Saturday woke up feeling completely opposite of what I felt Friday. I felt like I needed to talk to her but I forced myself not to. I dealt with this till last night when I gave in. She saw the messages according to my phone. But absolutely no response. Maybe I did ruin her life. Maybe I am a worthless pos. All I know is I feel like I've lost everything the past couple months and I don't see a point in anything anymore. I do great during the day. Then I get home and don't want to go to the gym anymore like I've been doing the past few weeks religiously. I lay down and nap. Then I wake up and feel 10 times worse. I just want to give up!