I don't want anything except nothingI barely ever talk about this because I think it's hard to understand/relate to. But this is the first time I have reached out outside of my hometown, so I could be surprised.

Just like my username, my name is Corrven. You might be thinking "wow that's a unique name!" and I won't deny that. But I wanted to mention this because I think it will be important to my conundrum. 

When I was eight years old, I concluded that I don't like myself. I told my father I hated myself, and he seemed confused and upset. Both of my parents always feel hurt when I talk like this, but I wish they just agreed. Ever since admitting to my father how I feel, I have always battled hard with depression and self worth. Growing up I was always told that I am "smart, handsome, full of charm, can make someone smile with a joke, will become great" etc. But all of that? I don't care about how much is or isn't true. 

You see, I DON'T WANT ANYTHING. And I mean anything. Unless you count not existing. I honestly wish I had never been born, because I am too afraid to kill myself most of the time.

I know I have people who care about me, but that frustrates the hell out of me. I wish I could make them not care, so that when I finally break and end my life there won't be anybody left to feel bad. I am always trying not to get close to anybody else as much as I can so that less people like me. One day I hope it's nobody so I can easily find peace in suicide.

I am just so angry that people don't seem to agree with my decision with myself.

I have Tourette's syndrome, and for my whole life I feel like I haven't been in the driver seat of my own destiny. Because I know I would rather not be a being, but my fucking brain is such an asshole. Emotionally I want to give up, but physically I feel invincible, as I love to go out for runs until exhaustion. My brain produces a lot of dopamine at random intervals and that's what makes me "tic" out. Sometimes this makes me more sociable, and of course I go annoy people with my "charms"

 But I hate this. I never wanted to be loved. I don't want people to like me anymore, but my body goes into auto pilot sometimes. Like it's an extra layer of self preservation, because if people like you they don't want you to die.

Being mean is against my nature, but it's the only way I could stop this. I can't bring myself to do that.

I don't know how to convince people to just let me go. But I doubt I can ever figure it out. I don't want a life. My life isn't rough, and I am actually in a good place right now because I room with friends who I care about and want them to have a nice life without me one day so I can kill myself. 

I rented a place with my older brother to help him out financially, but only because I want to make sure he's okay without me.

The only reason I am still alive is because I am waiting for the day nobody needs me. I care too much about my family to die before making sure they each have their own lives.

I just want to be let go :(