I Don't Like Life, Plain and Simple  Oh where to begin, I think its been about 5 years since I've been feeling depressed. I can't remember how it started but its at the point where I've just given up on trying in anything I do.

  I can't stand society as a whole. The hypocrisy, violence, and structure of it pisses me off every time I think about it. I have been becoming extremely antisocial and for the most part just stay in my home all day because I can't stand the sight of other people because all I can think about is all the wrong they have done or are going to do.

  I can't stand my friends anymore. They are nice people but all they do is make me feel bad about myself. They are all smarter than me, more talented, are better people than me, and are more social than me to boot. I don't enjoy hanging out with them as much as I use to because whenever I see them I can only think badly about myself.

  My family has not helped the situation at all. They are completely bi-polar, either being really nice to me or yelling at me that I will fail in life if I don't do what they want me to do. My dad is trying to force me into a career that I don't know if I want to do and my mom just makes me feel bad about myself and makes me feel mentally handicapped. They can be so nice sometimes and so hurtful other times and it just bothers me a lot.

  The number one thing I hate the most about my life is myself is me. IF you looked at my life you would laugh at me for being so depressed. I have a good family, great friends, live in a nice home, do well in school, and participate in sports. But none of these things makes me feel any good about my self. My friends and family constantly remind me of how much of a failure I will become, I feel really stupid when I'm in school, and playing a sport makes me self conscious about my weight and athletic ability. I hate how much of a coward I am and have tried to change it but of course I always pussy out of doing anything risky or dangerous.

  I think I would of killed myself a few years ago if I had the balls to do it, but I can't bring myself to do it while my parents are alive. I'm atheist so if they die I don't believe they will be watching down on me and judging me. I have not told any other person about how I feel and I don't plan to do so with anyone I know in IRL. This isn't really a thread asking for any help, but more of one asking how I deal with my time left on the earth until my parents die and I am finally comfortable with ending my own life. I believe that since it's my life I should decide when I want to end it and how. For now though I'm forced to wait and live out my pitiful existence hoping for some freak accident to kill me.