I can't sleep I'm sorry if this is the wrong sub for this type of thing. I need to get this off my chest.

It's 2:09 AM and I can't sleep. I'm crying and all I can think about is putting a gun to my head and pulling the trigger. I don't like telling people I feel this way because I know they'll suddenly get clingy and I fear some will be judgmental of me because I don't cut myself or actively try to put myself out of my misery. The last time I tried to tell someone, it was online and they made fun of me and told me to go through with it. I guess I shouldn't have expected much, but I needed someone to talk to. I'm starting to feel like all of this is fake and I should do it just to get it over with. My mom recently told me that she feels as if I'm determined to be sad, and that only made me want to kill myself more.

Despite home being my """"safe space""""', I don't feel safe. It's always too noisy for me to calm down and there's never a room available for me to calm down in. Then, in instances where I have a nervous breakdown and start hitting myself, my parents only yell at me more and threaten to send me away, even though I have no resources or connections.

I should just get it over with, walk up to the third floor and jump off the railing. Nothing matters. People constantly tell me to believe in myself, but nobody listens to me when I'm confident. They only tolerate me when I'm down on myself. They constantly say I'm a great guy, but whenever I ask to hangout, they're always too busy doing something they can't talk to me about. So busy, I'm starting to think they come up with shit on the spot. They respond in single words and never really have any conversations with me. People tell me to believe in myself, but they have circles of friends who are active with them. People tell me to try harder, but I feel fucking exhausted and people still ignore me when I try. I'm starting to think that there are no redeeming qualities about me and everybody is lying to me to make me feel better. I'm so tired. So, so tired.