Feeling like I'm not cut out to handle life anymoreHad to create a throwaway for this due to prior history of people finding an old reddit account and using it against me, but this past year has been intolerable and I'm so sick of the ups and downs. 

I'm a mid-thirties female diagnosed with Bipolar type 2 and PTSD. I don't want to go too far into it, but I've had an extremely difficult life where I spent way too much time around abusive, manipulative people because I was convinced that I was a horrible, terrible person, I was a mistake, I was a waste of time (I was told this from childhood on up) and nothing but a burden, to the point where I honestly believed it, deep in my very core. 

The only place where I've had any success or luck is in my career. I work in a field that's known for intolerant, completely awful people, and up until now, I've stood out because I've bucked the trends. I'm friendly and helpful, and up until recently, I've been fortunate to have supervisors who supported me and encouraged me to do my best, and if there was an issue, it was handled as a team and used as a coaching opportunity. We all shared the burden.

I started at my current company back in 2007 and built my role from the ground up with the help of my former supervisor. For over seven years, I've been the sole person in my role and I did it well. Not PERFECT, but well and competently. Late in 2014, it was decided at an executive level that my department, which encompassed three different functions (We will call them A, B, and C) were to be split into three distinct roles. My supervisor, who was my best friend and a true mentor, was put in charge of Function A. I do Function B, and with my supervisor removed to another role, it was decided that we would hire a new supervisor for me, and that Function B would have a dotted-line report to Function C. 

That's the kicker - I built Function B from the ground up. I've been the only person to do Function B for over seven years, yet instead of promoting me, an outside supervisor was hired. I do not get along with my new supervisor and it's wearing me down. I try my hardest to do everything right and acclimate to this, but my supervisor is a very tough person to deal with, and it's making me constantly anxious and scared. Every day I go into my office thinking "What am I going to fuck up today?" because every day, EVERY SINGLE DAY, I get told that there's an error on something I did. Every email is curt and borderline rude. I routinely get told that I'm not doing things fast enough, even tasks that don't have a time-constraint on them. It's like my new supervisor came in and has to do this big bully show to make herself feel better, and I simply can't handle it. 

The situation is made worse by the fact that I am recovering from a serious accident that shattered my leg and required surgery. This happened right before my new supervisor started, and I was required by my doctor to work from home until I was healed and able to support weight on both feet. The entire time I was home, my new supervisor was upset that I wasn't there to show her the job, that I wasn't there to teach her processes, etc. It was a constant feeling of "this is your fault." Now that I am back in the office, it's even worse. It's very tense, constantly tense to the point where I feel sick. I cry every day....I'm in my office crying now. I've been up all night, full of anxiety over this. 

I have been steadily interviewing with other companies since January and none have panned out. On June 11th, I had a WONDERFUL in-person interview (I went to the interview in a full-leg cast, on crutches, on a 95F degree day. They were all amazed that I was so determined) and now I'm playing the waiting game with them. I fully believed I interviewed to the best of my ability and I did all the correct follow-ups, etc. I need this job and change in my life so bad, but it's out of my hands at the moment. 

I'm disgusted with myself that I can't even handle a "normal" job like everyone else. No one likes their boss, right? Everyone hates them. What I'm feeling should be "normal", but I feel hurt and attacked all the time. Half the things that my supervisor finds wrong are due to her reading things too fast (this happens a lot), or not looking at the correct dollar amount on a spreadsheet and instead going by a few notes. There were changes that happened while I was out of the office that were never communicated to me, so I didn't know that they were done. I'm relapsing back to feeling like I'm supposed to read minds and feeling like I'm a huge fuckup. I don't WANT this. I want to go back to a good team where we all supported each other. 

 I'm sitting here looking at the scars on my arm from this past Christmas and remembering how painful my life has been in the past year. Divorce, moving, losing longtime friends, this stupid accident with my leg, the utter helplessness and loneliness of being shut away for months on end, unable to walk, having to rely on other people, and now daily reminders that I'm expected to be perfect and I'm not. I've tried talking to my old supervisor about my issues, and he's convinced it's just "growing pains" of a bigger department, and I cannot go to the head of Function C about this. That person has already made it crystal clear that any complaints about the new supervisor will not be tolerated. There's no one else I can go to about these issues. 

I'm just so tired of it all. I'm tired of the pain and feeling scared and alone and like I can't even keep it together from one minute to the next. I am not currently on medication, but that will change this weekend - I'm picking up a prescription tonight. I had a very bad reaction to medication previously that led to a psychosis state and a suicide attempt, so I've been unmedicated for a few months. I've attempted suicide twice in the past year, and today I'm sitting here debating on a future attempt. Logically, I know my reactions are colored by my Bipolar disorder and PTSD, but all that does is frustrate me even further. I just want to react like a normal person. I want to not fuck things up. And the only way I feel that I can be free from all of this is to just end it. I don't know any other way. 