Having a really hard time tonight if anyone could listenOkay so I guess I'm what enablers call a "late bloomer" and what honest people call a "drain on society". I have a phobia of driving. I've tried to just get behind the wheel and drive in a parking lot multiple times and I've broken down in tears every time, except for once when I started spontaneously throwing up and tried to run away. I don't know why but I'm wondering if it's because my mom used to purposefully get us into car crashes with my dad when she was angry at him. Maybe it has nothing to do with that and I'm just so lazy I react in visceral horror to the idea of responsible. I'm 20 and I've had one job that wasn't even really a job as much my neighbors pitying me and trying to be nice by making me feel like I was capable of something. I just found out recently that when they said "job" they meant watching their shop for a night while they were on vacation every few months and I'm thinking maybe they're just pretending it was a misunderstanding because they didn't realize how stupid I was

I tried to make us dinner. I turned the heat on medium and walked away to do chores, and when I walked back downstairs I realized I had smoked the entire lower half of the house out so badly my eyes stung. It had overheated and some of the food had overflowed out from under the lid and caught the whole pot on fire. I told my dad and he pretended I wasn't there and refused to look at me

I don't know if I'll ever be able to drive and I don't know if I can even do a job since I can't understand even basic math no matter how hard I try and I can't even remember I have food on the stove. My mom tried to kill me once in high school and she got arrested, and I had a breakdown and started lashing out at all my friends even though they were trying to help me and now I haven't really had any friends in like two years and a while ago my psych started saying I had schizophrenia out of the fucking blue because I decided to be honest just one time and I just really can't figure out why I should be alive if I can't do anything at all, literally nothing. People way better than me have killed themselves so I guess I just don't really feel like it would be so bad if I did. No one has ever considered me their best friend and the vast majority of people I knew always thought I was weird. Everyone in middle school made me their target because I was so inept and when they started growing up they realized they shouldn't even waste energy bullying me and then everyone just ignored me. I don't think I can remember a single person who ever really liked me and I've tried so hard to be nicer and more friendly and giving and I wonder if maybe there's something wrong with me so deeply that everyone can sense I'm just not one of them, like maybe I'm not really even human. I have dreams of dying and during my autopsy they realize my organs are horseshoe crabs and what if that's a sign? What if that really means I'm not a person and I shouldn't be here? I thought maybe I was getting better but I don't know if I really am and I just want to be normal but I can't do anything right and even my mother wanted to kill me and I still can't figure out what to do now and it's not getting better and I'm not growing up, I just really feel like I'm stuck and I just don't know what to do and even if I did I don't know if I'm even capable of it. It's like I'm really a cockroach or something and that's why everything is so difficult for me, like people have normal human expectations of me that anyone should be able to accomplish but I can't and most of the time I can't even begin to go about trying to understand how I start working towardss those expectations. I just really can't live like this anymore and I don't want to die at all, I don't want to just give up but I'm so tired of working so hard just to fail over and over never being even comparable ina ny way to anyone else. I've never been anything but a burden on my family and a stain on my friends' reputations and I enjoy things and want to live but at some point dont' you have to start feeling at least a little fucking guilty for everything you've done to people? 