Feeling miserable again and I'm not sure how long I can endure itRecently my (untreated) depression has returned and I (16, have been experiencing symptoms since I was 12) have spiraled down again. I'm not certain if it's because it's autumn or because of stress, but I've been feeling utterly miserable, hopeless, chronically exhausted, unmotivated. I have very few close social relationships but I strained the one with my girlfriend and broke up with her due to being depressed (impulsivity, mood swings, trying to distance myself from people) and now I'm not sure if things can ever be the same again. School exhausts me and I struggle to find the motivation to keep up with it, and unfortunately the things that brought me joy and a reason to keep pushing forward no longer do. I see no point in my future and the wicked, terrible state of the world is one of the reasons. I wish I never existed so I would never have to experience this (despite having what is considered a good, lucky, privileged life) and so I wouldn't feel so guilty about bringing grief to whoever has an emotional attachment to me. My mother is the only parent I live with and I can't talk to her about my depression very often due to her struggling herself and because she thinks I choose to be this way (my depression isn't real and I'm just lazy). Part of this is because she is often stressed herself and always has a lot of work to do, both in the household and because of her job, and unfortunately I often lack the motivation to help her out with it.

Apologies for the long unplanned block of text, I had to get this off my chest. I've been having suicidal thoughts lately, despite coming to realize that it isn't an option to me since I don't know how to execute it, I'm afraid of the pain of dying, my suicide would traumatize my family way too much. I really don't want to have to consider suicide as an option, since I don't truly want to have to end my life, but I'm tired of things being this way for so long. I'm not getting any professional help due to having bad luck in the past, I'm not taking any medication and never have. But I still have some hope about getting better and would greatly appreciate advice.