Death seems like the best option.I'm 21. My SO left me in october of last year. We had been together for nearly 5 years, including a two year long distance relationship while she went to school. In June of last year, we had a wedding on the beach with our closest friends and family. Despite what happened 4 months later, I still remember it as a beautiful and perfect day.

I can barely barely barely remember the last 6 months. It's all been a blur. I'm trying so hard to move on and to get over her but I can't. I love her so much, even though she's slowly but surely is turnin into a stranger as time and distance does it's work on her. She's found new love and she see's me as a regret that lasted two years too long.

She's probably right. In the place where I was mentally, I wasn't good for her. I caused her a lot of stress and pain because of my own. I was a stupid kid. I feel like I allowed the best thing to ever happen to me collapse around me.

I have few friends, and even fewer close friends. The close friends have grown tired of my misery and I feel completely alone. I'm working towards taking my SAT and GED this summer, but my ADHD and anxiety is causing me a lot of setbacks.

She went to one of the best schools in the country (and the world) for free. I sort of just accepted that I wouldn't go to a school that I would be happy with, but I was content with that because I had the love of my life next to me.

I feel like if I dont do well on these tests, I'll have nothing left. I spend most of my days alone, and when I go out, the people i see and meet do not make me happy. I dream about her every night. I am constantly reminded by our lives together. It's an overwhelming longing that I cannot shake. And it hurts knowing that she's out there. That she chose to remove me from her life.

I feel completely plagued by memory. I feel like my life has turned into a scene from Eternal Sunshine or Inception or Vanilla Sky. I feel trapped within my memories of her. I feel like my world is now broken because she left it. Nothing tastes as good. Nothing makes me laugh as much. And when I cry, no one is there to tell me that I'm their sunshine and they love me soooo much and everything will be okay and that I can do it. It's just me. Just me sobbing into my pillow. And I can't do it. It hurts so much. 

I feel trapped in my existence. I need out. No one will ever love me like she did, and I will never love another like I loved her. I don't think Im capable of loving again.