The Routine of LonelinessIt's Saturday morning. I get out of bed not knowing what day it is or what time it is; the end of school effectively ended the relevancy of those things. I stretch my arms and flex my back before walking into the kitchen and pouring myself a glass of water, still adjusting to the sunlight as it floods the room. Yawning, I clutch the glass and trudge back to my room, closing the door and pulling the shutters to block as much excess light as possible. Within minutes, I have a headset on and I'm shooting digital terrorists while becoming hopelessly enraged with my teammates. This continues for eight hours. I glance at the taskbar and realize I've been on the computer for almost every minute I've been conscious today. I slither out of my chair and get back into bed, slowly drifting off to sleep.

It's Sunday morning. I get out of bed not knowing what day it is or what time it is; the end of school effectively ended the relevancy of those things. I stretch my arms and flex my back before walking into the kitchen and pouring myself a glass of water, still adjusting to the sunlight as it floods the room. Yawning, I clutch the glass and trudge back to my room, closing the door and pulling the shutters to block as much excess light as possible. Within minutes, I have a headset on and I'm shooting digital terrorists while becoming hopelessly enraged with my teammates. This continues for eight hours. I glance at the taskbar and realize I've been on the computer for almost every minute I've been conscious today. I slither out of my chair and get back into bed, slowly drifting off to sleep.

I wake up the next morning and glance at my phone to check the time. I can't recall the last time somebody texted or called me. I chuckle ironically before tossing it in a random direction and waddling towards my computer. 

It is around the third match that I feel a piecing, indescribable pain in my chest. Coincidentally, I had just thought about how happy all of the people I go to school with are; how they laugh as they walk around campus without a care in the world. I try to convince myself that relationships are bullshit, that friends are liabilities, but no matter what I tell myself, the gnawing feeling of loneliness sits in the back of my head, amplified with each passing minute.

The image of the gun locked in my safe flashes in my mind. I ignore it.

I realize I've been AFK for too long. I've nearly lost the match. I curse myself mentally and reflect on how worthless I am before barely edging out a draw and slithering back into bed.

It's Tuesday morning. I get out of bed not knowing what day it is or what time it is.