Am I suicidal?Sorry if this is the wrong place, wrong topic, or wrong crowd. This is my first Reddit post I've ever made, and I'm just hoping to find a voice and some echoes back in the darkness. 


I don't actually post online in general, but I am aware of trigger warnings and how seriously people take them, so, uh, obviously trigger warning about suicidal thoughts, and also self-harm, and pretty much every kind of abuse.


******
TL;DR: Long history of abuse, have never emotionally worked it out, doctor re-traumatized me very recently, this became an opportunity to connect with my therapist on a level where I could trust him enough to finally address old pain, until he realized he made a mistake, had to break my trust and do the one thing I was trying to avoid. Now I feel crushed and a sense of futility and am making stupid risky choices that could kill me, but not committing to a proper suicide plan. What's going on with me? Am I suicidal, or something else?


TL:
I don't know if I am actually suicidal, crying for help, looking for attention, overreacting, or what. I cannot commit to fully going through with it, so I feel like I still have hope. I somehow always find hope. But I am also hurting so deeply and feel like it will never get better, and am starting to obsess about the release of death. 


I have a way planned out to do it, should I ever fully commit to it. It's one of those things that I do not want to mess up. And the way I have 'planned' out is simple, requires little preparation or supplies, is easily accessible, and is practically foolproof. Basically, I have no excuse not to do it 'right,' at any time of my choosing, if I actually choose to kill myself at all. But I'm not there yet.


What I have been doing is going to sleep most nights on a handful of random prescription meds and some shots of tequila. It was mostly last week, and it was mostly combinations I felt very confident would cause me no long-term harm. Why do I mix them at all? I suppose it satisfies some burning need for self-destruction, especially lately since I have been hurting deeply.


The thing is, there were at least two nights last week, and especially one, where I flat out took a couple combinations of medications that are known to be fatal. And I didn't just take the doses I was prescribed...I took double, or triple, or quadruple on some pills. Then I added a bunch more pills, just 'cause - especially if they had obvious warnings about interactions with alcohol. Then of course I took a few shots of tequila. Then I took more pills. I recall thinking to myself, 'well, this may ACTUALLY kill me this time. Hell, by all rights it probably will.' I had survived taking the base combination of meds before, but only at single doses of each, or double-dose at most. And that was back when I was taking a LOT of meds, and had quite the tolerance. And I'd never mixed them with some of the things I did this time, which only enhanced the danger and chances of dying. And I totally knew what I was doing, and that - not only was there a CHANCE I could die, but by that point, a likelihood. And I went to bed feeling great. Light. Peaceful. I guess in my mind, I saw it as all of the advantages of suicide, and all of the advantages of an accident, which sounds terrible but is what it is. Some stubborn part of me doesn't want to admit defeat and choose to kill myself. Some part of me doesn't want my friends, few though they are, to think I wanted to do that to them. Some part of me still has hope, but I don't know why because I seriously have every ounce of hope crushed in my life somehow. The rest of me is exhausted, and really really hurting, and tired of trying my hardest and being defeated at every step. And those parts of me figured this was great - I would go to bed feeling calm and peaceful and guilt-free, because I 'legitimately' (in my mind) was not TRYING to kill myself, and I wasn't sure if I was going to die, so I would either never wake up and never know any better, and all of my problems would be solved without any of the guilt or misery of 'real' suicide, and my friends could wonder what made me so airheaded that night that I OD'd, instead of what made me so miserable that night that night that I killed myself. Or, I would wake up, still be alive, and not be any worse off than I was the night before, and maybe even wake up with a newfound sense of appreciation for life. Spoiler alert: I lived, sans new appreciation for life.


Now I am at a crossroads. I am out of all of the meds I used in the heavy-hitter nights, so I really don't think I have any meds I could take - even with alcohol - to accidentally kill me. But I'm still fantasizing about it, and obsessing about it. The more nights I go without some crazy OD, the more planning I do for my real life plans of suicide (updating my will, planning accommodations, etc). 


I suppose now is a good time to mention that I am taking antidepressants, and I regularly see a therapist. I really like my therapist, and I have been open with him so far about everything - even about the overdose of pills, even though I really didn't want to admit it. He's a good guy, and I have a lot of respect for him. There's just one problem right now...


It starts with my doctor, who I am no longer seeing. The TL;DR on that is he screwed up big time, said things tailor-fit to fuck me up (eg suggestions that I was 'asking' for sexual abuse as a toddler, shouldn't legally pursue the people who gang-raped me when I was 12 because they probably thought they were doing me a favor, and concerns that I was delusional and imagining present day porn into my past...and it just goes on). And of course, despite outright telling him I did not want to have sexual contact with him, he came onto me. I was in the middle of trying to finalize a very tricky diagnosis, so I'll admit that I let that continue for weeks because I was too afraid to lose progress. The good news is after four years of fighting, I finally got a diagnosis. The bad news is I'm dying. Win some, lose some?


I finally told my therapist about what was happening, under his word that it would remain in complete confidence and he would not have to report it. Telling him was one of the hardest things I have ever done. I can talk about my childhood trauma without batting an eye, but this was different. This made me feel vulnerable, and I took every ounce of trust and faith I had, and for the first time in my life, I allowed myself to put that in someone else's hands. It may seem like a minor thing to talk about, but for me, it was both symbolically and literally the hardest, most personal, scariest, and most meaningful thing I have ever told someone. It became the biggest weight I have ever felt lifted off of me. As we continued to talk about it, I found two things were happening:


1. I was feeling a lot more confident, and my sense of self-worth was going back up. I started considering reporting my doctor because what he did was wrong, and I did not want others to get hurt.


2. I was feeling much more connected to my therapist. Our confidence started opening emotional connections I've been lacking all my life, with others and within myself. It seemed like the perfect opportunity to make the connection I so desperately needed to finally confront the bigger stuff from my past, and also to finally have autonomy and feel empowered in standing up to an abusive situation (with my doctor) that had recurred all too many times in my life. It was a second chance to turn the fate of a recurring abusive scenario from my past around. so I was empowered, AND an opportunity to FINALLY, after decades of desperate soul-searching, tap into everything holding me back from confronting my demons and finally having closure in my life, especially before I die. That trust and that connection became the most precious, rare, and important thing I'd ever had in my life. I know that may sound pathetic to a lot of you, but understand that in my life, it is literally a once-in-a-lifetime sort of thing.


For the first time since my flashback and depression hit, I felt true hope, energy, and empowerment for my future, and for my future work. I'd never been able to have the kind of trust needed to delve into the emotions attached to my childhood trauma, but here it seemed to finally be developing all on its own. It was literally the first time in my life I felt like I stood a chance of tackling those issues - which is more important to me than ever, since I want to reclaim them as part of my life before I go, and frankly my time is ticking.


I got the gut feeling that it was time to take action against my doctor. I marched into my therapist's office feeling strong. I knew it would suck, but I was ready to take it on, and it was my choice, and I knew he would be supportive. So, of course, before I said anything that day, he opened with an update that he had since realized he'd been wrong about the reporting requirements, that it was an honest oversight, that he'd tried everything he could to keep his end of the bargain, but that he had to break trust and was required to report the incident. To his credit, he was transparent about it, did everything he could to work around it, and then did everything he could to make sure it wouldn't happen to anyone else. To my credit, that doesn't make me hurt any less.


I know it seems silly. You might say, 'well you were going to report him anyway, so what does it matter?' and I'd even be inclined to agree. I think what is killing me is, the issue of trust - it was really, REALLY hard for me to trust my therapist, and relying on that trust and telling him was the hardest thing I've had to do, and the most trust I had to extend, since I was a small child. It was really, really meaningful to me, so even symbolically, breaking that trust is heartbreaking. Secondly, his mandatory reporting takes away my autonomy. If I changed my mind and decided not to report it, for whatever reason, it would no longer be my choice. And finally, in a few words it erased that feeling of emotional connection and trust I finally had, for the first time in my life, to work on these horribly traumatic issues I've had bottled up since I was old enough to have memories. To lose that...there are no words.


I don't know what to do. I'd like to think that we can work through this. I know he is genuinely remorseful, and that it was an honest mistake. But I also know he doesn't seem to understand how big of a deal it is to me, or that it was opening up my trust to my bigger issues. In fact, he kept trying to convince me that my outburst of hurt and pain was really just a transference of the pain I was feeling from being traumatized by my doctor. That might have been one of the most hopeless feeling moments in my life.


I don't want to see another therapist. I don't think a different therapist will be any better. If anything, I'll just lose the trust and work I've established with my current therapist. And the trust that we built is not something that can just come from talking to someone. I stand just as much a chance of getting it back from him as I do getting it in the first place with someone else - IF I ever get it again. But I'm in my 30s, and that is the first time IN. MY. LIFE. that I felt that opening up, despite years of therapy, positive attitudes, success with life, and all of the right circumstances to have tapped it before now. It was a miracle I had the chance to get there once, and that happened because of a freak trauma that I HOPE to not have to repeat with anyone else again. 


So, here I am. In the middle of the night, on Reddit, typing my first post, which is embarrasingly long (and this is the short version), looking at my bottle of tequila, knowing I have to go to work tomorrow and put my brain full-force into intense thinky work things, wanting nothing more than to feel the pleasant floaty buzz of a drink and a few muscle relaxants, and maybe not wake up, ever again, and not have to try to explain to my therapist again that, I'm sorry, even though you weren't the bad guy here, what you did is really the thing that is hurting me, and I don't know that I will ever recover, which means I don't know that I will ever go on to accomplish my goals before I die. And the more I keep trying and failing like I have the rest of my life, the more it's just going to feel painful and empty in the end. And it's a sobering thought.


So then I soberly think about whether I'm ready to go through with my full-fledged suicide plan, or whether I'm willing to risk what is left of my hope (almost none) and my fighting spirit (all but burnt out) on some pipe dream of regaining this elusive sense of trust that only ever materialized from a traumatic anomaly, or whether I'm still stuck on tequila and prescription meds. And whether I'm suicidal at all.


Thanks for listening, and for making it this far.
