homeschooled freak all grown upI'm a 24 year old man who has dropped out of college twice and can't fathom going back because nothing feels like it will make a difference for my prospects and I know exactly why: my helicopter parents pulled me out of public school in 3rd grade and essentially kept me under house arrest for 8 years while homeschooling me.  

From age 8 to 16 I left the house roughly 3 times per week, always escorted by a parent, to go to a pre-arranged activity, I had absolutely zero actual "friends" during that time and my life revolved around escaping my parents' constant monitoring by playing videogames, mostly WoW, or daydreaming that I was someone else in some other life. The only messages I ever got about the outside world were negative and judgmental, my parents would constantly tell me I was better off this way then out there at public school where everyone is bullied and harassed and does drugs, so I always had a sense that I would be better off out in the real world but was too apprehensive to want to try to get out.  

During my formative years my entire world was my house and my own head, I had no one my age to talk to about any of the shit I was feeling, I went through all of puberty without ever interacting with a girl and now at 24 I'm still basically unable to comfortably talk to women and it is absolutely humiliating. I still feel deeply uncomfortable around all people my age, I can talk to them over the internet just fine but one on one I can barely handle it.  

I'm a grown man but I still have absolutely zero sense of self or agency. I don't feel like a person, I just feel like a set of eyeballs that observes the world. I have trouble working up the courage to leave the house, let alone figure out what to do with my "life." I feel like I can't do anything on my own, which I know makes me pathetic. I'm crippled, disabled honestly. I have no future to look forward to and no past achievements to look back on fondly.  

I'm not a person at this point  

and I should be dead