2 months ago I posted hereTwo months ago I posted here with a needlessly long rant about how my whole life has been so insignificant and how my one chance at salvation would be a place at a university where I could simply pack my bags, fly across the country and start a new life in the company of complete strangers who might have mutual respect for one-another. Three weeks ago I learned that I didn't meet the grades, and then watched as all of the spare places for my chosen course filled up in a matter of hours. I have since been forced to stare powerless as my one chance to change my life for the better, to put to use the intelect that I have which many who even now unpack their possessions in the halls of residences across the country lack, fall beyond my reach. The same pretenders who in person knew but a fraction of accumilated knowledge that I had gained as was evident everytime I spoke with them, yet inexplicably acquired a plethora of straight A-grades and a secure space at some Ivy League or Oxbridge fraternity, are now the same undeserving bastards who have taken away everything from me. I cannot live a life in an apron and a paper hat, serving acrid grease and oozing fat to peons with belt sizes so great you could lasso a bull yak with bone marrow inflamation and still have room for more holes in the straps. The very knowledge that I have failed alone would constantly weigh me down. I may seem fine on the outside, but internally its torment that keeps mounting.

My one regret, other than losing a chance at a new life, is that I couldn't simply buy any lethal medication over the counter and be done with it. It doesn't exactly matter though. I know the coastline well - I've read the charts - and I know the perfect cliffs that ought to be an exhilarating exit. I would have liked to have money for a train fare, but as I've been left with mere pennies, I shall have to walk: all 80 miles. Perhaps on my pilgrimage I might reach some kind of epiphany, but I highly doubt it. I've a freshly pressed shirt and an old tweed sports jacket that would make a nice present for the coroner, so thats something anyway. I leave tonight, after a last meal and a long sleep before I set out, so goodbye world: I f*cking hated you.