My life is a joke. :)Raped by grandfather at the same age my parents got divorced and my dad left us at age 5. Didn't have friends growing up and I never was able to make connections with people. Practically lived in my house 24/7 and ate because I was depressed and bored in elementary school. Ended up gaining a whole bunch of weight because of it. Got called names, pushed down the stairs, ridiculed by boys, had no friends in middle school. Highschool only had one friend who was never around during lunch time so I started hanging out with a girl who would verbally and physically abuse me. Loved my room, it was my safe haven. I enjoyed living in it. I'd play games, eat, sleep, do crafts. I loved it until I realized I couldn't have that life forever. Got into college, made absolutely no friends. Graduated at age 18 with two associate degrees and a highschool diploma. Met my ex on Reddit. Met him in person. Turns out he was lying the entire time about something we agreed on. Changed my fucking world. Threw up when I found out. Mom having to deal with my panic attacks and screams. She had to take me to the hospital one time because I was threatening to kill myself over him leaving me for the 40th time. And now I find out he's continued to lie about everything. I thought he was the one. I thought he came from a good family, I thought we agreed on everything, I thought we shared something special. But it was all in my head. Im not going to be someone because I'm worthless. Everything I've been through should prove that. So I want to take my life because this heartbreak is one I can't take anymore. I'm still that little girl wanting her dad but her dad isn't truly there. Wanting to fill a void of a father figure with a guy is never good. Even subconsciously. Been through 6-7 therapists. They never help. I'm a lost cause. My life was fucked with at a young age and continues to be. I have nothing to live for. I can never be happy I don't know what I want to do in life. I'm stuck, I'm sad, I'm scared to be alone again. I'm scared of myself and how I perceived something so different than what the actual reality was pertaining to my relationship. I can't talk to my mom because I'm heading back to live with her again but don't want to worry her. She has enough to worry about. I have no one. I am utterly alone. I am alone. And always will be. And so I will go. Good luck everyone.