I don’t know what to do
Hi, it’s ok if you want to respond me in Spanish or English, it doesn’t matter; or if you don’t want to respond It’s also ok.

Hi, I would like to tell you all what is happening right now, but I don’t know, I just can’t. It is difficult for me to write this.
I don’t know if you will respond me good or bad things, o even if someone is going to answer this but I don’t know, I’m very sad and something in me “told me to do this”, I don’t know why but here I am haha.


It’s just that I don’t now what to do, I am really sad.
One of the things that make me to don’t do this right know is my girlfriend and my dad. My girlfriend knows about the last time I had depression and that I wanted to commit suicide and so then she started crying and made me promise her I will never do that, I really like her a lot and I want to have a family with her and to watch our children grow, etc. 
But it’s just that I don’t see any future in my life.

Also my dad, I don’t know if some one is going to understand me but my dad is a very good person that wouldn’t harm anyone. My mom and my sister always yells at him and I am the only one who defends him; they always tell him that he’s useless and a lot of other things. I really don’t know how he hasn’t killed himself. And I really don’t want him to be sad and to cry.


I don’t have any friends, and my girlfriends loves me a lot but it’s like that she doesn’t mmmmmh like understand my problems, I don’t know how to explain it. She is always trying to help me. She doesn’t know about this, and I don’t want her to be sad or to worry. She is the nicest person.

I don’t know, It’s just that I am very tired of life and I would like a lot to be happy as any other one. 
Happy moments in my life at this time only are like when someone in your class falls, they are just for a moment and they are insignificant.
I don’t have any friends and I always see other people being happy and with friends at parties laughing.

It is very sad to know that the only person who really cares about and understands you it’s you dog, haha; but it’s just that I am tired of being sad all the time.
I would like to be happy as anyone else and to don’t need to smile all the time to don’t worry other people. 

I would like anyone, I don’t know, like to tell me something. I doesn’t matter if it’s good or bad.

Please just tell me something.