suicidal thoughs, hurting self, self hatred and despair - advice needed (trigger warning)For a while I have been having suicidal thoughts when I get a feeling of despair, hopelessness or self-hatred, which is becoming more and more frequent. At least once a week. When I am not in the frame of mind the thought of suicide is unimaginable, it's like I have 2 sides to me. I don't think I would do it at least in the short term, when I get the thoughts it's more of an urge or  wish to because everything is too much but I don't think I would do it, at least up until this point. A common thing when I am feeling this way is to feel like it's inevitable that one day I'll kill myself and that's how I'm going to die. At the same time I don't WANT this to happen. When I am normal I don't feel this way, when I don't have this feeling I literally love life. Recently I was drunk and had said something in a rude way to my friend and she was telling me what I had said and was angry at me and it put me to that place of despair and self-hatred (not at all saying it was her fault, it was mine, just describing my feelings) and because my filter wasn't there (due to alcohol) I told her I hated myself and wanted to kill myself. She thought I was just saying this to get out of being rude earlier and she has tried to commit suicide before quite recently so was furious at me. I managed to kind of explain the next day via whatsapp that this is just actually how I feel which she acknowldged but did not want to speak to me. I am very very bad at explaining myself though so I don't know if she actually understood/believed me. I feel I have now lost this important friendship. Since then (a few days) I have been feeling constantly low but also feeling nothing at the same time, I feel apathetic to everything. I can't stick to one thing, I can't play PC games, watch any TV or film, read anything... the only thing I can do is hang out with other friends because when I am alone I just have this constant very low, heavy feeling, self hatred and also just apathy to everything, wanting to cry all the time and just feeling empty.

Also for the past 2 months or so I have started dealing with this feeling by hurting myself because it makes me feel better. I was punching myself in the leg because I didn't want to leave marks but recently I have been digging my nails in to my skin and most recently scratching myself very hard to the extent I've had to cover up despite it being very hot as it has left very obvious marks and I am very ashamed of this. I was quite proud of myself today as I had this feeling and stopped myself doing anything. My rational brain knows it's crazy and stupid but it does make me feel better, it alleviates the horrible heavy feeling. I often have the urge and images of cutting myself.

I feel ashamed of all of this and I feel like I am just being stupid and if I spoke to anyone they would think that I am being melodramatic, especially if my friends would compare how I feel to my previously mentioned friend who has had several suicide attempts or like I am attention seeking. I also just don't WANT to tell anyone. I don't want people to know I feel this way. I feel like my friends will also think that I am lying or making it up to excuse how rude I was when I was drunk. I could never mention this to my dad I would feel too embarassed even though I don't know why. I feel like my feelings aren't valid. I don't know what is causing them all the time. I find it VERY difficult to express how I feel especially when I am not in that place and I really don't like talking about it. 

Please don't answer with "get help" or "seek counselling" because I am following those paths but I find it extremely difficult to say these things and haven't managed to do it yet.  