getting ready to live a garbage, miserable life all because my face is repulsiveOkay i'll first start with this post by saying i'm very ugly for a guy. No this is not an exaggeration or body dysmorphia, i've just been able to gauge and put together all the pieces that my face is repulsive to both men and women. I'm a 2.5/10. I can already guess what your thinking: "A fat guy in his basement who likes anime, lose some weight you'll look better". That's as far from the truth as possible. I'm a very skinny 18 year old Australian guy. My face is lopsided, my hairline starts abnormally high so it looks like i'm balding and my jaw, chin and cheeks are all recessed back to some degree. Now before you write how women like men based on confidence and personality, just remember it's not that hard for an average guy or higher to pull this off, to be confident and get a girl based on that. The concept of being grotesque is a foreign experience for about 70% of people. It's difficult for a lot of people to understand what it's like to truly be ugly. Of course my parents are delusional about this because it's extremely difficult to accept that your child is a genetic failure. Some people might say being ugly is a good thing because you don't have to live your life by your looks but this is utter rubbish. It's the same as telling a really short guy not to live his life by his height. He will have to because people will remind him how short he is and mock him based on it. I wish I was average looking so badly, where I could go out in public and not be given the stink eye for fucking existing. I've wanted to die just about every day since I was 15. I'm saving up for plastic surgery to help improve my situation. There's no way they can make my face look any fucking worse so I've got nothing to lose. Hopefully this makes you feel better knowing that at least your better looking than some subhuman who will live the most miserable life possible in the supposed "best country to live in".