I want to get over a girl, but I don’t know howI went on a date with a girl who I like from my school theatre class, and we didn’t really talk afterwards. I guess we really didn’t click, and one of her friends later told me that she said she liked me just as a friend. This isn’t the first time this has happened, especially after a first date, and every time, I do the exact same thing. I start to obsess over the girl, and I don’t move on from her for weeks or even months. This time it’s even worse because we see each other every day. Every time I see her, I keep trying to talk to her and trying to win her over even though I know it’s not gonna happen and end up embarrassing myself. I don’t get it, how can I be so hopeless? It’s gotten to the point where I wanna drop theatre, even though it’s my favorite course, just because having to see her everyday is making me feel so miserable and worthless. 

I know I sound crazy, but knowing that I’ll never be with her makes me feel like my life is empty. Like there’s no reason to keep going through life knowing that she’ll never be a part of it. My friends all keep telling me I should be proud of my accomplishments, for having good grades, for being good at singing and acting, yet I feel like I would throw away every accomplishment that I have for a month spent dating her. The fact that I’m the only one of my friends who’s never gotten past the first date makes me feel like such a fucking loser. How am I so fundamentally unlikeable that every time I like someone, it always falls apart? People tell me I’m so talented in choir and theatre, they say I could have a good career in the business, but I’d trade it in a heartbeat to have a loving relationship like my other friends have. I’ve started to consider driving my car into the lake at the end of my street every night driving home from a day of failing to win her heart. I imagine cutting my throat open every time I open her SnapChat streaks and see her face. Even if I get over her, it’s just gonna happen again, I’ll like someone, I’ll ruin everything because I’m so fucking stupid, and I’ll be miserable and obsessed with her at the same time. Why do I keep expecting it change? It’s never gonna happen. I’ve spent so much of my life practicing and studying and going to lessons for fucking bullshit, while everyone around me is succeeding at the stuff that actually matters.

I wish I could be like my friends. I want to know that it’s possible. Or maybe I could just stop liking girls all together. I just wish I could enjoy the good things in my life.