The thing that hurts the most...I feel like the only commodity I have to offer the world is in my head and I have no way to get it out.  Every day my brain writes music and plays it in my head.  Brand new stuff.  I don't think about it.  It just happens, like getting a song stuck in your head only it's music I've never heard before and it's amazing.  It's not the same song every day, it's new material all the time.  I play the piano but as soon as I try to sit down to get the melody out, I lose it.  It doesn't sound right, and what I'm playing supersedes what was in my head.  It's kind of like when you have a dream where you come up with a really great idea, but as soon as you wake up it starts slipping away until you're left with nothing but this feeling of vast potential gone to waste.

Sometimes I stick to it and try to push through.  I'll keep trying to recreate it, even if it's rough around the edges, but the more time I put into it the worse it makes me feel.

It's not just music.  I come up with fantasies - science fiction, sword and sorcery, thrillers.  I have these extremely elaborate, vibrant visions of worlds and characters that I create.  But the minute I try putting it down on paper... it loses its luster.  It's mediocre at best.  It's just some guy writing about a daydream that nobody would be interested in except the author himself.

I've tried every artistic medium at my disposal.  Various kinds of painting, drawing, Photoshopping... I've tried playing a few different instruments, singing... It's not about what others would think of my creations.  It's about what *I* think about them.  It's like trying to capture a gorgeous sunset with macaroni glued to a plate.

Anyhow, I know this probably seems like a stupid thing to be so distraught by, but I'm 31 and for as long as I can remember I've tried and failed to get whats in my head out.  After all this time I've come to accept that I'll never be able to, and so I feel like the only thing that I really have to give to the world is something that I don't have the means to give.  I have so much envy for artists who succeed at what they do.  I don't want fame or a single penny, I just wish I could let other people in.