I am thinking about suicide. I care about my brother and my girlfriend very muchI have always had lots of things going on for me. I once did something really stupid almost three years ago and did a minor car insurance fraud (reported car stolen when it wasn't). I have court date coming up and the worst part is I'm a permanent resident (lived in the US for the last ten years). Everyone in my family are citizens. My whole life I remember is here in the US. I am not looking for a shoulder to cry on for my crime that I did when I was 18, the crimes I am facing possible 15 years and possible deportation. I am thinking the way is to just end it all and don't want to be anyone's responsibility. The worst part is if I get deported I don't know or remember anything from my home country but I do have family. If I don't and serve a jail term my whole life is ruined will never be able to hold a good job and I have a really good resume (worked for a fortune 500 company since I was 16 years old and make really good money) and I only have a year till I graduate and I know for sure I will be making a good salary based on my resume and experience (management has promised me a good position and are pretty keen on keeping me within the company for a while. Why did I do the crime? I was greedy and realized I bought a POS and thought the money could help me to pay for school. Now, the only reason I am thinking of going through with it, is I don't want a struggling future because of a criminal background and if I was to get deported I don't know anything of the other country. I care very deeply about my brother, he is literally my best friend and I can imagine he would be really hurt about this. Also my girlfriend who I care very much for and I am in love with her, she's perfect in every aspect (hot, intelligent). I know they would both be really devastated. I also feel bad for my parents since they literally gave up everything to move to a foreign country and they say that they did it for  my brother and I. I don't know how I am going to do it but I don't want a future of problems and depending on others because I can't make a future of my own. If this problem wasn't there I would never consider suicide and I am otherwise very happy with everything else in life. 