I need help. How can I maintain a positive, healthy, well-balanced mind in the face of continuous rejectionSo I graduated with a degree in accounting about 5 years ago. I worked odd jobs between then and the time I got a job at a public accounting firm. The odd jobs were McDonalds, security, front desk at a hotel. After being with the accounting firm for 2 years, I saw there was no path to becoming a manager, no training, lack of resources, so I left. Additionally, my performance was suffering because I suffered depression from lack of foresight about my future. After I left, I continued applying for jobs for a year but couldn't land one. In the meantime, I studied for my CPA exam and did quite well. I also tutored accounting students and performed free tax services for them.

Going back to my point about applying for jobs, I changed my resume, spent hours working on it to match jobs requirements, changing the buzz words, changing my responsibilities to match the tone of the job ad. I also spent hours on my cover letter. I can send you a list of rejection emails I got. Two interviews I attended where I thought I did well but only to receive a response that they were going to go ahead with other candidates. Getting interviews is hard enough from what I'm going through. I look back and ask myself, "Was I professional? Was I coherent in explaining my responsibilities? Did I demonstrate knowledge? Was I kind and humble? Did I show commitment to my career?"

I cannot tell you how depressed I've been lately. I moved to a big city, have gotten rejection emails/calls here as well, attended two interviews, one that flat out rejected me and another that is yet deciding.

My dating history is NIL. I'm 31 now and feel alone. I'm on Tinder with no luck. I feel hopeless. Sometimes, there's a strong feeling of despair. Sometimes, I'm OK. Sometimes, I have suicidal thoughts. Sometimes, I remind myself I'm still young and have a 'whole life ahead of me.'

I'm getting rejected again and again and again, and I don't know how much longer I can take it. Maybe it's my name that is strongly ethnic, maybe it's my skin colour, maybe it's my thoughts - whatever it is, I'm finding it hard to maintain a well-balanced mind in the face of continuous rejection. I have read books and taken pills, but they are only short-term solutions.

I don't know what to do. Sometimes I have thoughts saying accounting is not my career. That's a scary thought because I spent so much time, effort, and money. I'm 31 and have no idea where my life is going to go or if this fight is worth the struggle. The job of an accountant isn't that glorious for me to endure continuous rejection, struggle, and depression.

So my first step is to have a healthy mind. I'd like to reach out to people and ask how to do this on a continuous basis. I wrote out the positives and the negatives of me, but how do you face this when you fall in the a deep trap of self-doubt, despair, depression, worthlessness.

The story above is only a tenth of the struggles I endured. I don't feel like writing out my life nor do I think most users would be interested. I'm not asking for mercy. I'm asking for advice, and I want to remain accountable to someone.