I want to die because of my parents but they're also the reason I haven't commited suicide yet (Long Post)Throwaway obviously(19,M). 

Currently in tears while typing this. I feel like my parents would be so much better off without me. They say they love me but don't show that in actions. They seem to love my (older) brother much more even though they deny it. I've been saying it since I  was like 14 but they never wanted me to think that. I love them a lot and they are the most important thing I possess. Yet I feel like they don't love me at all. I always get to do the dirty work, boring things and always get shouted at. Meanwhile my brother is "so perfect, such a great son" which is what they say at family activities. They say (jokingly) that I'm like the kid who they've lost hope in. They have been saying that since I was like 12 and they always say it's a joke and nothing serious but it always haunted me. 

About myself, I have some good friends, not lonely, not ugly, not stupid, hopeless etc. I love being with my friends and most people would describe me as a nice guy who is happy. Nobody knows that I can't really remember the last time I was happy. It's like a 24/7 mask I wear pretending to be happy (partying, going out, hanging out). 

I just feel very useless time to time and I feel my friends and family would think I'd be the last person to end my life. I think most people at my school/city would think I'm very happy meanwhile my mental health is fucked up. I've been having suicidal thoughts for like 1,5 years now but I don't like the idea of shocking my loved one (friends and family) and never be able to see them anymore.

Things went even worse when my dog passed away a few months ago. He was besides my human friends probably my best friend. Back when I was younger and didn't have many friends, he was always there. I miss him every day.

I don't know what to do. I think I couldn't go through the process of physically killing myself but I also don't find much joy or happiness in my life. I wish I could just skip to being 65 and being retired. Nobody knows how I really feel and I have nobody I could ever talk about this because even that would shock the shit out of them as I have never ever shown this. I hope there is a way out besides killing myself.  