very close to the edgeThis was the worst Christmas of my entire life. I am so stressed out right now, that I am scared my heart is going to fucking implode. I spent the weekend at the emergency vet. A grand later, she is back at home and will hopefully be ok. I am sick with the stomach flu after having taken care of my boyfriend for the past 48 hours. Oh, and I just found out yesterday he has been talking to his ex.

I can empathize why. She broke him, the same way my ex broke me. The way that makes you withdraw from the world. He has no friends, like how I have no friends. He doesn't trust anyone, like how i don't trust anyone. He talked to her for two periods of time in the psst year. It was only for a week at most, then he would just ignore her. I read the conversations. I made him let me. It was to talk to her about me both times. 

To talk about how i am too young for him. How I did xyz that hurt his feelings. "I dont know if I am physically attracted to her." "I cant love her, because I never really stopped loving you."

Fucking Christ. 

I can't even blame him, because I've felt the same things about my ex at different points in time, but i never acted on anything. Fuck fuclk fuck. God it fucking hurts so fucking bad. Nothing has hurt as deep as this. I've been cheated on way worse by others. He only talked to her for two weeks (that I know of) in the past year. We've been together for two years.

To be honest, I could forgive anything in the first year. This relationship started off in the worst way possible. We were working together for a year before we got together. We'd gone on a date about a month into knowing each other, and i blew him off for another dude. i fucking just didnt show on the second date. he had goddamn chocolates and a dvd of my favorite movie for me. Willy wonka. 

About a year later, my parents kicked me out. My dad threatened to divorce my mom if i did not leave. It was the worst month of what would be a lethal winter. I was living in my car, taking showers at the gym. We were already kinda hanging out at this point. More like I saw him as a rock and clung on tight, cause thats what he was. Even before we became friends, i looked up to him as a coworker/person. Always chill, high integrity, always kind. I saw him as the best person ever, the end all be all of good dudes. That's why this hurts even worse. He has been the most powerful force in healing me from my past, in helping me be better.

The first time I saw him, I cant even describe it. i believe deeply in my intuition, and the way it presents itself to me. I couldnt even see his face, I was seeing and feeling everything that would happen to me because of knowing him. It scared the shit out of me. I've felt this when meeting people who end up being very formative influences on my life. 

When he found out I was living in my car, he had me move in. We awkwardly slept in the same bed; we tiptoed around each other. I guess that must be what an arranged marriage feels like. I saved up, keeping my eye out for rentals, knowing this could never be sustainable. This isn't how the real world works.

And all the while, he was struggling. I was, unarguably, upending his life. When that feeling peaked, he talked to her again. The conversation was inappropriate, but benign enough. She fed him the same saccharine shit my own ex would feed me whenever I got sucked back into his shit.

He ignored her for a little. Had short, sporadic conversations. Nothing too bad, but the undercurrent was always there. She always gave little signals to reaffirm that i was nothing. That ultimately, he was hers. Her words hurt too much to read after that, so I just read his.

September came and we got into a bad fight. It was messy, and mostly my fault. I didn't prioritize him when i should have. The resentment between us got bad. I was thinking about leaving. There would be days that i would just sit out in my car or the woods for hours. 

That's when all the really hurtful shit came out. All the things that I feared he was thinking turned out to be his actual thoughts. I ruined his life. I wasn't pretty enough. He could never love me, because he was still hung up on her. He missed her. But, he also said he was confused. Hurt. He shouldn't be talking to her, he shouldn't have said that.

It was only three months ago. And now I'm supposed to believe that none of that was true? That he didn't really mean it? The worst part is I want to believe, and I do on some level, but I can't stop the hurt. It hurts so much.

I am trying not to harm myself. I scratched my arm up pretty good. I shouldn't have done that. I popped a couple of pills last night. Shouldn't have done that either. Now the vodka in the fridge sounds good, and I haven't been drinking for a good long time. Idk why I've kept it in the fridge. For days like today.

I can't take the stress of all of it. Being clawed to death by my cat as I try to give her the meds she needs to fucking live. Physically, mentally, and emotionally sick and drained. Fat, ugly, gullible, stupid, a fucking rube, How did I even make it this far?

I want to just sleep the week away. Live in a dream world where I can be anyone but me. I wouldn't be posting here if I hadn't scratched myself, btw. That scared me. I don't want to die, but fuck I hate this life right now. More than death, I want to run away to someplace far. Have my memory wiped. Go somewhere else.

He's going to freak if he sees my arm. He's already freaking out because I am broken. He's angry and frustrated and frantic and scared. I know he loves me. I know how badly his ex hurt him. I know how broken he is. I forgive him, But, I am just so fucking exhausted.

Of course I'm chronically ill, too. Blood panel soon to see if I have rheumatoid arthritis. The pain is constant, the pain is the only thing that never leaves. 

I'm disassociating now. I'm out of my head, out of my body. I don't even have tears left. Fuck he's gonna flip if he sees the scratches. Fuck fuck fuck. I will probably delete this, but it feels better to have written it out. 

This always happens to me. My parents didn't want me. My ex, and my ex best friend fucked on a trampoline in front of all of my friends from college. None of them wanted me in the end. My boyfriend never wanted me. I just insert myself in, and somehow am upset when people rightfully eject me from their lives.

I just want to go to sleep and wake up somewhere else. I want to go back to before I met my ex. Before all the awful shit he put me through that broke me and turned me into what I am today. A cold hard rock behind a wall. I want to go back to the first date I had with my current boyfriend and slap myself in the face for deciding not to show for the second. Or maybe, I should have just not shown for the first. I never should have worked at that diner on the lake. I never should have been in his life at all. I never should have wedged my way into it. Then we wouldn't be here. Me crying. Him just making it through, feeling just as shitty and awful, two years of his life gone to some stranger, some castaway hidden in his home that demanded more than he could give.