I hate myself and my life and I think about suicide all the timeI just turned 18 and I’m miserable. I have a loving supporting mom, dad, and brother however my household feels like it’s filled with stress, resentment, and anxiety. I was abused as a child and I am horrified of what I have become. Every-time I look in a mirror I wish I could put a bullet in my brain. I’m overweight and am currently eating myself to death because of an eating disorder that my parents don’t seem to care much about, and my brother is the only person I really have in my life anymore. But he is a normal functioning human with tons of friends and I have no one. I’ve never felt more alone and this much hatred towards myself ever before. I’m constantly tired and have no will or motivation to really do anything other than sleep. I’ve lost interest in things I used to love and just feel like a husk at this point. I don’t even try and talk to girls anymore because I know I’m so hideous to look at that there is no point in trying. I have one close friend but he barley texts me. I try to keep myself distracted from how unhappy I am by playing video games and sleeping but I don’t know how much longer I can do that for. I have an awful compulsive lying habit that I would do anything to be able to stop but I just can’t. I try and put on a facade so my family doesn’t get worried because they are all great people and they don’t deserve to have a burden like me. I’ve had 3 plans to commit suicide and actually went through with one of them, which landed me in residential rehab for two months, and I was so traumatized by that place that even the thought of going back to one makes me instantly think of suicide. The only reason I don’t want to do it is because of my family because I know how much it would impact them, because they tell me all the time that if I killed myself that they would never forgive me, never move on, and that their lives would be ruined forever. I don’t know what to do and I’m just so lonely and I’m so much pain and anguish and I just want it to be over without hurting my family. Thanks for reading.