It's a big deal to meLast year I had like the worlds WORST jobs ever and it was literally a nightmare. It was so overwhelming and frustrating every single day that I literally wanted to die. I was trying to deal with the stress of the shitty job as well as deal with some medical issues I had. I was doing everything I could to get another job but it was frustrating with my hours to interview at other places but I did everything I could to get the F out of there because it was NOT healthy for me.

After a while my stress and health got so bad that I went on medical leave. I was out of work for 6 months and then was offered another job and 3 days before I was supposed to start that job that's when everything happened with COVID and things started shutting down. I was told I couldn't start the job due to COVID and to either wait or find another job. I waited while looking for other jobs just for them to revoke their offer to me AND THEN PUT THE SAME JOB UP ON INDEED!!!!!!!

I have now been out of work since SEPTEMBER OF LAST YEAR.  and I sit at my computer and apply to jobs day in and day out. I have applied to OVER 425 JOBS on indeed alone (from when I was still at the terrible job to now) and nothing. I cant get a single fucking job. Nobody will hire me, not even white castle or McDonalds. I have been applying and applying and applying since 2019!!!!!!!! 

I am stuck in effing hell here because I am either over qualified for the jobs or under qualified. I cant do this anymore. I have NEVER had a rough time getting jobs until I started trying to get out of my last job. It makes me feel so stupid and so worthless. I don't know what I have done wrong and the only advice people give me is "oh just keep applying" "keep trying"

I AM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It has NEVER taken my over 400 applications to get an effing job. So the issue MUST BE WITH ME. I have always gotten jobs that interested me and that I really wanted. I have been working full time jobs longer than any of my friend and now I cant get anything. 

 My mom keeps telling me that its my fault because I didn't finish college and chose to work full time instead and tells me that I'm going to be working at McDonalds for the rest of my life. JOKES ON YOU, MOM! THEY WONT EVEN HIRE ME!

I'm 26 years old and feel like I have somehow already ruined my life. It's a big deal to me because I like working, I take pride in my work and I'm a diligent worker but nobody will give me a chance anymore .I'm worried I'm going to end up homeless and I cant take this stress anymore. My body is constantly reacting to the stress, I now even have to take blood pressure medication because I'm constantly getting worked up and I just feel so fucked. 

I don't want to do this anymore and I can't continue to feel this way. I don't want to be here and when I try and express this to my family or loved ones they say some dumb ass shit like "you want to kill yourself over a job?" and make me feel stupid.

It's deeper than that. I cant handle this anymore and I wont.