No shrinks can solve itPretty sure I'm just looking for advice right now. I'm 32 and got emotionally stunted at 15 due to a divorce. Not just a divorce but moved to a different country. As wussy as it sounds after I moved to the new place I got picked on due to my accent and now have no self esteem. I've seen shrinks over and over and over. I've given up on some and had some give up on me. One literary said on her paperwork "I don't know" and sent me to someone else in their office who said "yea, it's chronic depression, she needs to read more." 


With the many shrinks have been many drugs. Nothing has ever made me "feel" better. Both parents were drinkers, dad stopped before mom but lately I really don't want to. Hell I've been to a rehab place and caught a few of the speakers in a lie, challenged them and felt like I was given an A to get out of their hair. Kind of reminded me of school while I was there. Was always the smartest kid in class eventually got bored and dropped out. How stereo typical. 


So for the last 15 or so years I've been working in the IT world and hated damn near every second of it. When I wasn't working on computers I was working as a cook. It's the other thing I can do and make bills. Always told myself that I liked computers so always found myself on a help desk job. But that always reminded me of George Carlin's quote of "think of the most normal person you know, now realize that half of the people are dumber than that." 


Everything I've ever done has been half assed. Not intentionally but I really feel like that's the best I can do. Throw me into anything and I will excel at the basics. Intermediate and I'm ok. Just enough to be ok but I'm going to screw up. Everyone fails up to their level, and I'm average. Get pushed from there and I screw up and then run away. After years I realized that I don't want to cook or work in IT so after some thought I figured being a truck driver would be ideal. Always by myself. Minimal interaction with people. Good money. yea fucked that up too. 


So now I sit, jobless, drinking again, angry at myself again. I'm fairly certain this won't happen but really the thought has been rolling around for years. I can tell from my past that I know it's going to get worse before it gets better. Tonight thought I looked up a few different ways to make it happen. I'm a really wimp when it comes to pain so I know it'll be a gun or noose and I know where to acquire a gun and how to make a noose but really I'm so bloody lazy at the moment that a trip to home depot for 10' of rope makes me lay back on the couch and want to punch myself. Honestly think I'm just too lazy to kill myself. Although with the other option it'll be quicker than anyone can stop me. I don't own a gun even though I know a few gun collectors. 


So here I sit. A 12 pack gone. Can't say I'm giving up hope because I honestly don't feel like it's ever been there. There has to be something other then stagnation because I've heard it exists. Not really sure I believe it though. I'm quite sure everyone goes though life lieing to themselves. Not pissed off and/or depressed but I don't think anyone is really walking though bliss all the time. If no one is then in the long run what is the point? Kids? Don't want them. A legacy? Don't desire it. Entertainment? In a sick way (to some) that is what I'm looking for. Some people just want to watch the world burn? Sure. How crazy is that huh? Yea it's a stupid line from a movie but hell I haven't found joy from anything in the last 17 years so fuck it all, go on and screw up the planet with popping out your kids, draining the government, screwing the lower and middle class, fucking over the rest of the world, I'm going to sit back and chuckle in private while everyone kills each other only to hope that honestly I catch a stray bullet sometime. What has been pissing me off lately is the screwed up little race war bull shit. What a piss poor excuse to kill or be killed. 

I really do think when it comes to average, I'm that. When it comes to stereo typical, I'm that. Bell curve anything and I'm at the peak. And I don't think there's much of a point of anything anymore.


I'm going to go to bed now. When I wake up tomorrow I'm going to do more phone interviews and get denied a few more times. Then I'm going to think about applying for a job at wal mart or mc donalds and then I'm going to realize again that I still know people in the IT world that can get me a job there and give them a call. Then I'm going to get another case of beer and I'll check back in here before I need to go back to bed yet again. Then rinse and repeat. 

life is nothing but wake up, go to work, go home, go to bed, and then rinse and repeat and then you die. 