Existential DespairI can't articulate my thoughts, but I will try my best. We're human beings, right? Homo-Sapiens. We evolved to become more intelligent and more adapted to the world around us. Fine, great. Humans are similar to each other in many ways, just as other species are similar to their own kind. We are not THAT different from each other. It almost feels like we all share one collective consciousness. There are only so many personality traits, IQs, moral values, opinions, etc. that we can have. Being human..existing as a human is so boring to me. I don't mean this in a depressing/jaded, obnoxious sort of way. I mean ultimately we can all agree that existence itself is insignificant, and so are humans. But we aren't JUST insignificant, we are boring. We travel and learn new languages and explore new cultures, but if we lived for 10,000 years, we'd get so bored and have done everything we could do. Most of us would have learned every lesson there is to learn and after a few billion years, we'd all probably be the same person. When I talk to people, I feel like I'm them and they're me and I know exactly what they're going to say or do or what they are thinking. I know exactly how to break down their personalities and intentions and people (including myself) become so predictable. There are only so many things human beings can do. Our mental capacity is limited. Sure, we can evolve and become more intelligent. We can colonize space and do all sorts of shit to advance our lives, but we're still human and we still have a limit. I get so angry....viciously angry when I talk to other people or when I look in the mirror and I know it's some sort of mental illness, but this thought stays in my head that we're all very close to being the same person. Yes, I understand we're all "different" and have different personalities, but we're all limited to what we can accomplish as humans and what is available to us in existence. This probably doesn't make much sense. Also, let's assume we have an afterlife...or past-lives, and our consciousness will exist forever. Why? Seriously...why? We will go insane with boredom because we aren't that interesting or special to entertain ourselves for trillions of years. After a trillion years are up, we still have eternity to go. Living forever/immortality doesn't make sense because our consciousness is not interesting or unique enough and all humans (INCLUDING MYSELF) are boring. Sure, we can read, explore art and science and discover new things about the universe everyday, but a googolplex years from now, there will be nothing new and we'll be borderline omniscient and will still existence. Existence is torture and so is being human. I don't want to exist as something else other than human. Even if I were omnipotent, omniscient and can travel dimensions and create new realities, it would get old eventually and I'd want an escape, and hopefully death is the escape. Hopefully there is no afterlife. Hopefully non-existence is possible and can wipe out existence at any given time. Why does anything even exist at all? I guess that doesn't really matter since I'm here and I can't change the fact. I exist. You exist. We exist and it FUCKING SUCKS. 

I know how this sounds. Sounds like I'm saying that I'm better than everyone else and people suck, etc. NO. That's not what I mean. What I'm trying to say is...we don't subjectively suck...we objectively suck. WE. All of us. It's not our fault we exist. We didn't ask for this. We shouldn't have to put up with this. I want fucking answers. I can't just pop into existence with no explanation. I need fucking explanations. I need someone to tell me why we fucking exist. WHY DOES ANYTHING FUCKING EXIST? WHY DOES EXISTENCE EXIST? What the fuck am I? What are we? If there is no higher power, then that's pretty weird that existence just popped up out of no where. (Yes I realize it didn't "just pop up' cause big bang, etc.) But fucking still, existence essentially did just come from no where and if we didn't, we don't know the origin and can't know the origin. We're smart enough to be self aware and to question these things, but not smart enough to ever get the answers. 

This is all sounds so stupid. Maybe it's just me. Maybe I just fucking hate myself. Maybe I'm taking it out on everything else. Maybe I just want to die. Maybe I would if I knew there wasn't an afterlife. I don't know. I go numb after a while. There's something in me...some epiphany trying to happen and it won't happen. I'm just stuck here in this existential crisis. I'm a fat fucking lazy pathetic unaccomplished loser on disability who can't do shit because my disability impairs my ability to function like a normal human being. Maybe that's just it. Yeah, that's it. I hate myself. Not you guys. You guys are great. I'm just jealous and bitter. I should die.