Thinking about it a lot these daysAt least the suicidal thoughts have only really been on the "what-if", daydream level, but the temptation to self-harm has been really strong lately. It's something I haven't done in 10 years, but I think about it more every day. I even had a dream about it; it was so hyperrealistic that I woke up still thinking that I'd finally given in and done it. I guess I'm writing this post in lieu of doing that right now.

I just don't see much of a point in things anymore. I haven't had a job in years. How have I gotten by, you might ask? Because my absolute saint of a partner has supported me. At first I was supposed to be studying to get a certification, but then my dad committed suicide and that really threw me for a loop, and I just kind of haven't done anything since. He killed himself a little over two years ago now. And I try to be as little of a burden as I can, I try not to spend her money and I try to do as much as I can to keep the house and yard nice instead of just wasting all my time playing video games, but it all just feels so pointless sometimes. Especially when I know what I need to be doing is getting a fucking job, but that just feels so impossibly daunting, especially after so long. I've always had pretty bad social anxiety and the thought of an interview absolutely terrifies me.

I've tried therapy. I had a therapist about 10 years ago that I saw for a little while, but they didn't really do anything for me and I stopped seeing them after just a few sessions. This time though I stuck it out for nearly a year of weekly sessions. So many thousands of dollars down the drain--I don't have insurance--and I don't really feel like it helped at all. But I didn't even choose to end it, not really; my last therapist recommended that I start seeing a colleague of hers instead, someone who specializes in EMDR therapy. I didn't really want to do that but I was willing to try it on her recommendation. However, this new lady has just been completely impossible to get ahold of or schedule an appointment with. Doesn't answer the phone and checks her email like once a week. So I've pretty much given up on therapy at this point, I feel like I really gave it a shot this time but I've had enough. I guess a mentally healthy person would probably say that I haven't really given it a fair shot, that I need to advocate for myself more and keep trying different therapists until I find one that really works, but. I'm not mentally healthy. And I'm just so fucking tired. How am I supposed to advocate for myself when I don't really like myself that much, you know?

The worst part of all of this is that my partner is my number one reason for staying alive, but sometimes she's also the thing that most makes me think I should do it. Because I can feel this awful rift opening up between us. We're short with each other these days, snippy; it feels like not a day goes by that one of us doesn't 'misinterpret' something the other said or get all passive-aggressive. I know part of it is fucking COVID and the fact that she's been working 100% from home for months now. We are both basically the only person the other ever sees anymore and we're just stuck around each other all day every day in our cramped little house. I'm sure this same situation is taking its toll on lots of relationships around the world. But I can't help but put the lion's share of the blame on me. I've relied on her for so long, leaned on her emotionally, and I can't help but get the feeling lately that she just can't take it anymore. I've been trying to repress my emotions more and more and not talk to her so much about what's going through my head, and even fake being happy as much as I can, because I feel like anytime she gets wind of me being in a bad mood, her first reaction is no longer sympathy but irritation. And that's fair; it's got to be a nightmare to be stuck with only one person in your life and that person is depressed. Even if it weren't for the whole pandemic situation though, I think it would be fair if she was just completely sick of my shit by now. I mean you can only hear the same complaints so many times. Sure, my childhood was horribly fucked up, but no one really wants to hear about that and it's not like anything can be done about it.

Most of all though, I just feel like she is worse off for having me in her life. I'm not just trying to say that I feel like a burden; I feel like she is legitimately a worse person because of me. Maybe it's not all me, maybe some of it is just the world, but I feel like she's lost and given up so much in the decade we've been together. She used to have big, crazy dreams, and she wanted us to chase them together, but I dragged my feet and whined about how scary and hard they might be and so we wound up not doing them. She used to be happier, kinder--to others and to herself. She used to be romantic and in touch with her emotions, but these days if you asked her to describe herself and how she deals with emotions, she would probably use words like 'robotic', 'logical', 'analytical'. I think she's tried to divorce herself from her emotions as much as she can in order to be strong and stable for me, and it's a real shame.

So anyway, that's about it for me screaming into the void I guess. I'm still too scared to seriously consider killing myself. But it's getting harder and harder to find logical arguments against doing so. I'm sure my partner would be very upset at first, but I think eventually she would become a better person without me around. I don't really like to think about doing that to my mom either, but at least if I was dead then she wouldn't have to worry about me and whether I was ever going to do anything with my life anymore. And those are really the only two people in the whole entire world who I feel like would genuinely care. I think it would surprise a lot of people. Sometimes I almost get kind of a perverse joy out of imagining what all my 'friends' would think; maybe they would feel a little guilty that they never really took the time to get to know me when they had the chance. I know that's super unfair though, because it's not like I ever put myself out there or really try to pursue closer connections with anyone. I guess that's just another thing I feel too tired to bother with anymore.