feeling useless and being afraid to grow up. I can’t explain what I’m feeling anymore...I thought of suicide a lot of times, even tried to take my life on October.


Everyday feels the same. I’m always down, but every time someone will ask me “hey, are u ok?” I will say ‘yes’ so I won’t worry them. I’m tired of doing this, I’m tired of pretending, I’m tired of being afraid of what will happen next in my future. 

Feeling empty  every day, waking up from my bed seems like a chore and caring about too many things. I don’t even know how this started. Sleeping for me is like an escape, insomnia is like my friend now. Going to bad late and waking up early is not something special anymore. 

All I want is someone to stop judging me, to tell me my future will be ok, to tell me that death is not an option. I feel like one day I’m happy and another 2 or 3 I just hide behind a smile. 

My anxiety is that worst that every time when I’m going out and see someone I don’t know my heart start pumping that hard that I feel it. I feel like everyone is looking at me and judging me, laughing at me and thinking bad about me. 

I’m tired and sick. I want someone to hug me. I don’t want to die but I just want to reset everything. 

I want to sleep and never wake up again. But I know that someone out there will be destroyed if I die like that. 

I want back my happy self, I want friends who can understand me and not judge me. I want a hug and someone to tell me it will get better but as a “kid” my parents will always say that “only spoiled kids feel this way, why are u feeing like this when nobody did nothing to you?” 
I’m sick of this. I love my parents, I can’t imagine my life without them but sometimes I feel like I can’t take it anymore.

Suicide seems like nothing to me now, I’ll just scratch my hand or bite my nails and visualize how I can end my life. Every time the same thing, jumping off a bridge, cutting my hands or just taking pills. 
 
“I’m fine” doesn’t mean I am ok. I say “I’m fine” with tears in my eyes every time. I overthink things too much, even the smallest things like calling someone or telling someone something. 

I care too much and feel empty like I have a hole inside my body. I’m tired but I’m doing fine.

I just want to be on a filed, with a lot of flowers around, no people or civilization. Some trees and the sun, me and some headphones. I want to close my eyes and listen to the music.