Seriously need some help. Need a stranger to read thru this post about my memories and help?Sorry for this long post.

This is one of my last resorts....typed this while crying and Idk, maybe somebody out here can help :(

_________________________
If your enemy is yourself, does that make you a coward?

If what happened in your past greatly affected who you are now, does that make you weak?

The earliest memory I have is when I first entered the pre-k. I was four years old and, for some reason, my parents enrolled me later than the rest. I was pretty shy at first, being in a new environment, a child trying to adjust. Then these two girls began to bully me. I even recall feeling really sad and annoyed, telling my teacher about them but I was brushed aside because those two girls were "smart and good" kids in her eyes.

My memory blanks out and I somehow became best friends with those girls by elementary school. Everything seems normal. I feel happy. My grandparents take care of me and my brother. My parents argue. My mom points a knife at my dad but my grandparents hold them back. I play in the front yard and a guy tries to lure me inside his car. I run back inside.

My grandpa walked to his job like he always did. My brother and I play and my grandpa laughs. He returns home...I see him collapse. My grandma cries for help. My parents are at work. My brother is crying too. We are all crying. I call my mom on the phone, I speak through my tears. 
Its the first time I feel scared.

My grandpa can no longer speak afterwards. I talk to him. I still love his smile. After a few months he dies. I hold his cold hand, I don't want him to go.

My grandma holds my hand, my brother stays beside me. I hear my parents' shouting escalate till my mom cries into my shoulder.

I still wish this wasn't my most vivid childhood memory....


By the sixth grade, my classmates treated me differently. I do admit that like all people who had to go through their awkward preteen years, I was a little more lost and confused than most. Add a bit of self-consciousness and newfound hormones without any proper guidance from adults and you got yourself a mix for disaster. The kids in my class bullied me in the form of talking behind my back, making weird rumors (i.e. That I was a witch cursing everyone, etc..) , and just plain treating me like the class "outcast". This is where the internet became my best friend, because my bff decided to bully me too. This is also where I first learned about suicide.

By high school, I tried to change for the better. My 9th grade self sought recovery in the form of fake smiles and conversation with everyone. I tried to forget my past and, even if it was all superficial, I found it better than being alone.  I almost made it until the tenth grade when an AP teacher and a Literature teacher treated me differently. 

My classmates were practically geniuses, they were more outspoken than I was too. Those two teachers constantly ignored me, gave me weird looks, they avoided me whenever I tried to ask them for help after class...I began to feel dumb and unwanted. If only I were different; smarter, more extroverted, more perfect. I started to compare myself to others. The cracks on my mask showed, and I could no longer smile. 

I became more introverted over time, drowning in my silence. I was a raging storm bottled up; my mind crashing thunder, my heart a dying ember. I was even more lost than before. 
I was even more alone. 

I entered a college I hated, in a country I felt isolated, with a major I've come to detest. It was even more overwhelming than before. I tried to speak out but my parents didn't support me, forced me to stay in what felt like a prison. I ended up in another class full of the smartest individuals. I ended up incredibly stressed. I felt like I was losing my mind. I was hospitalized several times for major stomach pains and other physical ailments. I wanted to die more than ever. I wanted a truck to hit me as I crossed the road, I wanted to jump off the roof of my school and my dorm, I cut myself, I tried to overdose, suffocation, hanging.... then I graduated with a bachelor's degree feeling empty and disgusting.

I had to take a professional exam afterwards, but I couldn't focus at all while studying for it. I didn't understand anything I learned from my degree. I didn't take the exam and ran away. I was terrified of failure. But what I felt going back to my hometown was far worse.

I flew back home, ending up feeling like a waste of space. Months of depression and suicidal tendencies. My parents forced me to get up and get a job. I did get one....

I was constantly harassed and bullied by my coworkers and supervisor. They never taught me anything, made me work the field immediately the first day. I would ask them questions since I had no orientation. They constantly berated me, constantly looked down on me for not knowing anything. I did not cry for months. 
I felt hollow. 

Then I had a nervous breakdown in the middle of the afternoon. A wave of angry customers, a mistake of asking help from a coworker who misplaced a file placing all the blame on me...I walked out to the bathroom, my body shaking, my insides feeling numb, my brain throbbing, my eyes burning. I cried so much that day, couldn't work anymore and had to go back home. I eventually quit, they weren't happy about it.

The workplace offered mental health support but, overtime, never followed through with the paperwork. 

My brother had a similar experience in his own workplace, but he was stronger. He stayed and pulled through.

I tried taking the professional exam again, after my parents found out I lied in the first place....I failed.

For over a year I just couldn't move. I wonder what's the point of my existence. I realize someone as lacking as me could easily be replaced. I ask God everyday to kill me and  give life to someone who deserves it better.  

My parents urging me to get a job, to even study something else. I try and once I get a job offer I get so angry and irritated. I lose all my senses and the world turns gray. I don't feel any happiness, even fleeting moments feel like nothing.

I want to start over again, but my worst enemy is myself. My brother and my parents tell me the same thing. They tell me to just get it over with. To just do something. My brother tells me he understands, tells me that I need to overcome this battle.

They don't realize this is constant. Not just a battle but a series of wars escalating in my mind. 

There are people who have it worse, yet they overcome their hardships.
So why can't I do the same?

Can anyone give me the answers? Is there a step-by-step process? A book or a show you all watched that I haven't encountered?

I know the only person who could save me is myself but I've been trying and trying and "by myself" hasn't worked out for me so far....

Honestly, I've been planning in my head repeatedly when and how I'd end my life but coincidentally, unexpected guests and events and all that kept happening so I'm somehow still here.....

I just hate how weak and cowardly I am and how I can't keep my shit together anymore and I just get so angry and depressed all the time especially with jobs and life and I got an interview tomorrow and I just....the last time I got a job interview I screwed it up because once I was there I felt completely unhappy. What if I screw it up again tomorrow?
I'm afraid I'll never be a proper person, that I'll always be like this. I'm thinking of just ending it since I can't even imagine a future for myself anymore.


TL;DR : Constantly ignored and bullied by people, tried to work it out on my own &amp; didn't work, mind keeps shifting to death....Any advice on how to fix everything?





