Schizoaffective depression and I’m over it.I have schizoaffective depression subtype. I suffer from deep, long term severe depression and schizophrenic / depressive symptoms as well as rapid cycling moods. I’m on mood stabilizers, antipsychotics, and see a therapist weekly. 
—

I’m so done with life. I’m beyond depressed 24/7 and I just don’t want to do it anymore. :’( 

I’ve been researching how to die, but it’s all so complicated and I don’t want to fail, which makes me think I’m stuck in this misery forever. 

My therapist is out of town and I’m just so fucking over this shit and don’t really have anyone to talk to. 

So I’ve been researching. 

The hardest and shittiest thing is that my best friend went from suicide and I’m like ready to use his method. But he’s smarter and braver than me. 

I don’t know why I’m even writing this. I’m never going to follow through. I guess I just need to vent. 

I’ve seen what suicide does to friends and families for times than I can count, and I believe everyone, under the right circumstances, deserves the right to die. However, I don’t think I’m one of them. He had terminal liver failure with no chance at an organ transplant because of other health issues, so he was given a death sentence by his doctors. My other friend had MS and was also given a death sentence at 33 years old. They both passed in the exact same way, which feeds into bravery for me. 

Anyway. I don’t know. I’m just so tired of being alive and having to struggle through every since day of my deep depression. Nothing helps. I’m on lots of meds and see a therapist weekly. I’ve been in and out of inpatient, PHP, and IOP, and nothing helps. Nothing. 

I’d truly love any advice on how to get through my almost 9 months of deep, unending, severe depression (with one single week of sanity) without considering ending my stupid, boring, pointless life. 

Please do NOT suggest that 9 months of depression isn’t “as bad” as yours or someone else’s. Until you suffer for schizoaffective that won’t help me as advice or “it could be worse.” I’ve suffered from severe depression since age 12 and it’s a miracle I’m still even here. 

I’m unpopular, have few friends, and nobody would really miss me if I was gone. Nobody. 

My best friend never had a funeral or even a memorial service, and I’m guessing it would be the same for me. Nobody cares. My parents would, but that’s about it. Nobody at work would probably even notice if I disappeared. 

Fuck. I don’t know. 

Any advice here would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.  I hope I didn’t break any rules. If I did, please let me know. 

Thanks. 

Tldr; I’m tired of my life, know how I want to die, etc. 