Today, I am proud of myself.Today, I am proud of myself.

With the crumbling of my relationship over the past week, my continuously building stress and panic from work, and just general feelings of failure and pain, I had a difficult interaction with someone today. I’m a part of this group getting ready to climb Mount Whitney, the tallest mountain in continental United States. It’s a once-every-few-years chance kind of thing, because you need to get a permit and the permits are next to impossible to obtain. Today, the leader of the group, James, expressed doubt that I could make it, and was encouraging me to rethink going.

That was crushing. I already don’t believe in myself, but to hear that others are doubting me too, others see me as a failure too, I can’t.. I can’t. I was so hurt, and crushed. I didn’t think I was that bad, I alternate between running three times a week and climbing the stairs machine at the gym for an hour at a time. I’ve climbed mountains before. I consider myself relatively fit. But he still expressed doubt I could keep up with the group, and I just felt so crushed. 

I wanted to scream and get really aggressive, I wanted to get pissy and tell him he doesn’t know me, I wanted to give up and say give my permit to someone else, I was feeling so many things. He could tell that I was feeling really attacked, and tension was building.

But I took a deep breath, and said, “I’m going through a hard time right now. If I seem sensitive, I want you to know it’s not your fault or responsibility. If you think I can’t keep up with the group, then I would be happy for a compromise: I will make my own transportation arrangements and hike at my own pace. I’ll still be able to make it, but I won’t be anyone’s responsibility.”

The tension immediately dissolved. I felt really proud of myself, I communicated my emotions effectively, explained why there was tension, absolved him of responsibility, and suggested a good alternative solution. I feel so out of control of my emotions all the time… it felt so good to feel in control, for once. 