Note to self...All day today, much like any other day lately I can't stop thinking about the Ronnie McNutt video. This is exactly how I picture it in my mind. Instant. 
I really don't know much of anything about him but he definitely knew what he wanted. And he did not hesitate. 
I feel like I have all the markers &amp; red flags that he had. Exclude the need to broadcast it to my family, friends, colleagues or anyone else. I do have respect, possibly the last generation that was taught any. The people of the world are rapidly becoming nasty, hateful, useless &amp; dangerously close to yet another world wide war. We seem to want it.
I personally feel like my wife does not love me like she once did. My kids resent me for feeling anger and frustration over my disability. 
I do not want to live with my grown kids and my grandson. Not because I don't love them, because they are grown, we are grown, we were supposed to retire. We raised 5 kids together. I worked 27 years in the shittiest sweat shop dumps, anywhere I could get work. 10 to 12 hours a day, for years at night just for the extra $15 a week. I got my tired and broken down ass out of bed every fucking day without fail. My wife worked her ass off to keep our home and kids afloat. We couldn't buy a house until I was in my forties. And now it has been sold, the money is nearly gone, we are basically living illegally in a spare room. I wish every night that I would never wake back up. I wake up anyway, in fucking pain like when I  finally passed out the night before. Every, long day.
My phantom pains have gotten worse over time where everyone I meet over the years tells me they don't have them anymore.
I feel my surgeries.
I feel my amputation. 
I feel all the usual burns, crushing, stabbing, bone braking pain, plus more that everyone else only has a couple times in their life.
I feel them more than I do not feel them.
I wake up to it.
I woke up from a five week coma to a full right Hip Disarticulation on June 18, 2015 in another state, away from home with no idea what had happened.
 I woke to the real nightmare that I can't wake up from.
I want my peace now.
I want it instantly but not at this house. I just want to go off into the woods or desert with my shotgun.
I'm not afraid now.