SW, A girl broke my heart. 4 years ago.  I still want to kill myself on a daily basis.There's a lot of other reasons, The business I started for myself at the age of 24 Failed recently after a year of being open, so I'm working now at a gas station. I'm living back with my grandmother, and not on my own. I'm on probation, because of something I actually didn't do. And I'm  a hopeless alcoholic, who has been getting black out drunk 5-6 nights a week for about 3 years now.  Me and the old lady were highschool sweethearts, and we dated for about 5 years, before she went off to college and got the taste for living in a dorm. She broke up with me, telling me she had a crush on someone at school. I had not been the perfect boyfriend. I was a little controlling, and I only knew it at the end of the relationship when it was too late to do anything about it.  well that was 4 years ago,  and I cant keep from thinking about it. It's driving me so crazy, that every time I get drunk, (which again, is alot) I play with the .45 that sits on my nightstand, cry, point it at my head and such.  I've done this so often, It seems routine anymore. I think daily, that she's probably very happy, and she hates me, wishes that I'd never entered her life, and that kills me to the point where, I barely have emotions. Nothing seems to impact me anymore. I don't bother to hold conversations with people, because what's the point. Not to mention that no one cares to hear what I have to say anyways.   I have friends that say "you can come to me with anything" when really, you know that they cant help out your situation anyways, so really all that you'd be doing is whining to them and probably driving them away. There's pretty much no reason I need to be here anymore..  I'm not enjoying anything. At a bar with my friends, I've noticed that I'll be standing in a group, and no one bothers with me. There always is a conversation going on around me..  I seem to be in the middle of it, and not involved at the same time.   Being almost 25, I've written this off for years as being highschoolish bullshit. but it's all getting worse. I just dont see an end, and it scares the piss out of me. Right now, I'm a time bomb, and I have one of two options.  one, is find a way to make it better...  The other is to opt out.   sorry for wandering,  thanks for reading.