SO many close calls/attempts.Think the first time was when I was about 10 when I tried to hang myself on a tree in the backyard. My parents were going through a divorce and there was a lot of domestic violence going on. Got into an argument with my mom and... yeah. 

Second time was after my mom passed at 12. I tried to slit my wrists. Dad was abusive. Bullies wouldn’t leave me alone at school. Had no real friends and my psychosis started entering the picture. Constant paranoia, could never sleep which made the hallucinations worse. 

Third time I was 17 and I tried to slit my throat.   I guess I was just scared of growing up. Lost some blood but I was okay. Just traumatic. 

Fourth was right after that. Same thing. 

Fifth was I couldn’t even tell you because I’ve lost track after this. Used the same method multiple times. Twice I’ve needed blood transfusions. 

One of those times was recently (Im 24) I went into shock. I’m so traumatized from this it’s the most pain I’ve ever felt. And not just pain either. I couldn’t breathe I was suffocating. I kept throwing up bile and choking on it. It was like every negative feeling in my body I could feel but to the max. Fear, fever, pain, nausea &amp; suffocation. The only real positive take away was that now I’m scared to die (if that’s a positive). 

No one really knows about my most recent attempt but I drank a bunch and did half a gram of fentanyl. I passed out and woke up with the worst hangover of my life. That’s all that happened. 


There’s a lot I’ve left out and I’m sort of sugar coating it but the point is I’m SO scared to die. And I’m not so religious these days but grew up Christian and I’m scared of the prospect of hell. Dying if you’re conscious for the process is so unbelievably unbearable. It was for me. And I’m scared now in general. 

Tl;Dr:   (In conclusion. )

So I’m scared to live, I’m scared to die. I’m scared of my hallucinations. I’m scared of the prospect of hell. I’m really scared and I can’t escape it. 

Thank you for listening to my TED talk.