I guess I just need to put this somewhere.Ive never felt so low before in my life. Ive felt depressed since 7th grade. Just a constant looming in the back of my head is the best way I can describe it. Sometimes I can barely feel it, other times its so dark and heavy its so hard to breath or see anything beyond wanting it all to end. Lately its been getting worse. Its heavier now than it used to be and its harder to ignore. And I guess my mom thinks that its not a real issue.

I slept for 13 hours today and have been feeling really tiered still. I didn't want to go anywhere or do anything so when my mom asked if I could drive her to get pizza I said no. It wasn't that big of a deal. She could do it by herself. But she raised hell. Told me that I never do anything for her and shes always taking me places I want to go. Im always in my room and on my phone and that I don't love her. I refused to let her guilt trip me and I kept saying no. It was always like this with her. If she can't have her way she would explode. That's when she told me I wasn't depressed. That people who actually had depression didn't try to take care of pets or go to school or hang out with their friends or use the phone. And it hurt so much it made me feel like Im the worlds biggest laziest piece of shit or that Im just crazy and made all the symptoms up. And maybe shes right? What if I really don't have depression and Im just lazy. And the fucking stupidest thing is I barely manage to stay above passing in school, I struggle to keep my pets happy, I haven't even seen my friends in months and being on my phone and looking on the internet is the only way I can forget about how Im feeling if only a little bit. I snapped and told her I wish she would leave me alone like she used to when she drank beer. She said she gives up and went to go get beer after she had been sober for a few months.

I started to freak out. This was the third time she started drinking again because of me. My hands were shaking so bad all I could think about was going to the kitchen and stabbing myself in the chest so I could end it all. Prove to her and myself I wasn't just making it up. My hands were shaking so bad it was hard to call 911. Part of me didn't want to die and part of me just want to end everything. I talked to the operator and she calmed me down, asked if I wanted the police to come and I said no. It would just cause more problems with my and my mom. After a while she made sure I wasn't going to do anything and I hung up. Fuck I wish I had done something.
I wish before I thought about calling 911 I went to kitchen first and stabbed myself. It would have been so easy in that moment. Maybe my mom would finally understand what Im feeling when she came home. Maybe I could be done with everything. Now that Ive calmed down I cant do it. 

Im sorry if this is to long or dramatic or whatever but I really just want to put out how I felt in that moment and some of the context behind it. I wish dying was simple. I would have done it a long time ago. And now all I can think about is how I wasted the opportunity to kill myself when I was freaking out. I wouldn't have had any sense to stop myself. Fuck Im weak.