So... I have trust issues, I'm 14 (haha funny meme, how generic a 14yo thinking about suicide), Asian (Chinese) and live in Spain.So for the non-asian people or for asians with westernized parents, your parent have stupidly high expectations of you, if you've ever seen like those asian show with incredible people with amazing talents... well they think that you could be one of those (which I'm not, I'm bad academically, physically and romanticly), they made me learn a crap ton of languages and some instruments (which I suck utter balls at), well I knew I was different because I was asian so I thought that my parents treated me worse than my classmates, and I thought that this was the case until I was at 5th grade, I realised that my parents were good people and I was being a spoiled brat. But the damage was done even if it was small I already believed that my parents were """""lying""""" to me and I started distrusted them, and even more when they actually lied to me for small thing. This distrust passed onto my classmates, and kept going.

 So a few years go by and I was around 12 when I saw the meme of "I'm 14 and this is deep" which made me laugh really hard, and I knew it was true that type of posts are made by 14yo so I remembered the subrddit unconsciously.

 A few months ago I this subreddit came to mind and I browsed it a little, found the usual stuff funny memes and "philosophical" posts, after that I suddenly thought out of nowhere what's the point of living and you know the basic answer, do what you like, but this question kept appearing in my head so I started changing my answer to family friends and hobbies (videogames and the usual stuff) but then I doubted myself, I don't have good grades, what will I do with my future? I could pick a random job and just work enough to survive, and I could live happy with family and friends, and I questioned myself again, will they care about me in the first place? Of course I thought even if it sounded selfish I would help why wouldn't they do it? And I questioned myself even more. After this I only answered to myself hobbies at the question, and I started to doubt that as well, is it worth it wasting my time in videogames?, the answer was yes but it slowly turned into a no, and then suicidal thoughts came in, is life worth living? I have ways to kill myself why don't I do it? I want to but I can't, then it struck me, I can't do what i tell my self to do I'm too stubborn, I'm too scared and I'm too cowardly to kill myself, I can't even relie myself, I need to do proyects early so I can do what I actually like? No, I keep telling myself that it can wait I keep telling myself it isn't worth it, and I keep telling myself that I can't kill myself because I'm too fucking scared to do it. I can't even trust myself to comit suicide.

Well that is my story and I can't fucking trust myself to even make the most basic decisions (sorry if my english isn't good, this isn't my first language).