16M i cant fucking take this anymorenothing is helping im so fuckin sad right now. i cant stop drinking alcohol and im in a constant state of nausea thanks to school and depression + alcohol. no drug is helping me, i made friends, did everything i could but i still feel like shit. i feel so ignored and neglected. i hate to admit this but im actually crying right now and i never do. i want to die so fucking bad i dont want to feel like this any more. no one is helping me no matter who i reach to. why is everyone like this. why do peopelf uck with my head like this. girls especially. im so desperate for anyone to care i cant stop crying i want this all to end so bad but ta the same time i dont want everyone to think im a weak little bitch or something and look at me in a bad way since there is such a huge social stigma against men expressing their feelings. no one seems to care. im looking down the barrel of my gun right now. im so desperate for the feeling of happiness or just the overall feeling of being cared about. i cant even get on the phone to talk to someone on the hotline because they would call the cops. i just wish someone could listen to my voice to hear how i truly feel no strings attached and no cops being called. i cant stop looking down the barrel it looks so nice from where i stand. i know this is the internet and words are meaningless here but i am actually going through all of this. i wish there were more good people out there or just peopel that cared about me. funny thing is im not even a bad looking guy or just a bad guy in general. i do good things i help people yet no one ever thinks about how i feel. i just feel like the only way to get people to care is if i kill myself. and i probably will. 

this might sound like a huge rambling paragraph to you guys and you might write me off as just an autistic little kid but remember that there is an actual person going through this and this is how i really feel. i just wish so fucking bad for someone to care. will anyone ever help me, i want to die so bad