I used to be the smartest kid. Now I want to kill myself.I'm not sure this is a good space to write this, and if it is, I don't know where to start. Since 2013, my life's been a depressive rollercoaster. That year, I lost almost each and every single one of the persons I considered as friends because of a dickhead who started talking trash about me in school. Even my then best friend got away from me and eventually talked trash about me everywhere. It was a long school year, but also my last in junior high. Everything got harder and harder, and I even considered suicide. Things got a little better when I started high school, found new friends and all that stuff... But I started feeling I wasn't good enough for the things I was doing by that time.
This is a good time to say when I was a kid, I used to be the smartest kid of the class. I read a lot, got good grades and some prizes because of that shit. When I was 13 or 14, it all went down. So, at high school I thought it would be nice to start over, but I couldn't. I didn't feel ok, and I just started to accept things would never be the same again. During high school, I also found I was bisexual, and fell in love with a guy. It's safe to say that was the first time I felt actual love for someone (even though I liked some girls in the past), and knowing it wasn't mutual kinda destroyed me. Also, during high school, I ended my participation in a project I had been in since I was 7 or 8 (A long time, yep), and started learning a third language (I already spoke English at that time).
I don't know if it was because of being afraid of things going shit again, but in my last high school year, I started stepping aside from my classmates and some friends. I was feeling depression once again, and it was in one of those nights of 'deep thought' (Or whatever you call it) that I realized depression had been always there. From then on, it all went downhill. 
I started university in a career I wasn't sure I liked, and ended up realizing I didn't, so I dropped out after the first quarter. That gave me six months of doing absolutely nothing in my house. Nothing else than thinking of what I would do in the future. I chose architecture and started reading stuff about that. 
Then I started university once again, a new school, a new career, new people... But the same fucked up mental health, yet, I liked that new career.
First semester was okay, but my happiness didn't last long and in February of 2019 I started feeling awful once again. There wasn't a reason. Nothing bad happened in my life. I just didn't feel ok. Grades went down, I didn't want to do any of the things I was supposed to... 
Since my first semester had been ok, I got the chance of getting a scholarship and spend a month abroad learning English. I thought my time there would be a good chance of making things right, but I had so much expectation of what I'd do there, that I disregarded some important issues. I ended up failing 3 classes.
Next semester I failed one of those classes once again, and that sank me into depression even more. Nothing was going well at all, and fearing worst things would happen, I finally started going to the psychologist. That changed my life. I didn't struggle during the start of the next semester, and everything was kinda ok, even though I would sometimes feel down, but not as much as I did before. But then covid appeared, and I haven't been able to get an appointment since March. The other half of the semester wasn't that hard, but being locked up was (and still is) driving me crazy.
And now I have this shitty semester. Still locked up. Not feeling enough. 
Today, during one of those classes, I felt fear. Actual fear. I wanted to cry, because I thought I would never be enough for this career. Architecture is awesome, a funny subject to study, but I feel stupid. I think I'm not enough for it, or anything else. Depression is real, and I feel it'll never leave.
A while ago, I decided I would kill myself someday. Not this year. Not before having a degree. I'll just do it someday.
Also, to all of those parents who have a really smart toddler: be there, always, and motivate them to learn new things. My parents don't seem to know I'm depressed, and assume I'm just lazy, even though I've tried to talk to them about this. I'm not an expert, but that's the worst thing you could do to a depressed person. If your kid is different from the rest, don't tell them to try fitting in. Find a better place for them to develop all the skills they hide, and don't leave them alone.
I tried to resume all the things I found were wrong in my life, and I just hope anyone reads it and knows there's someone out there who feels the same shit.