I need advice, ideas... I don't know... I need help.I'm in a situation that I don't see a way out. 

1- I graduated in 2015 in law school, but I'm not very good in It... I can't find a job because I don't have experience, and I don't have experience because I did not work in behalf of my mom, that I had to take care. 

2- I don't have money to do anything. I can't start a new universety or mba, I can't go to another city or country...

3- My mother is dying with Cancer and my father with 3 aneurisms 

4- My sister have mental problems, and do stuff that you can't even imagine. She tried to kill my parents, tried to put the house on fire, and my parents does not do anything, because It's their doughter. 

5- I'm in a relationship, she is way smater that I am (in law school at least) she will graduated soon, and I fear that If don't find something to do with my life, she might broke up with me. Not that she said something, but you might understand what I'm saying. 

6- What do I do? I am really creative, but I don't see a way out. I think that I should wait, and after my parents die, I should kill myself. What would I do? 

7- I used to do Stand up comedy, I have an award for It, but I don't see how to get money with It, and I don't see how to start again. My country is in a crysis, with more that 13 million people unemplyed. To start anything was never harder. And without money... well... 

8- there is heavy pressure over my head. Everyone is charging me (is this the correct word?) about jobs or sutudy but there is no solution. There is no jobs, and to study alone wont't take me anywhere. And well, right now I'm not in the mood for It

9- I tought about youtube or something, but everone think about It these days and I don't even know how to edit videos. And I'm way too depressed to be funny again. 

10- Last year I made a medical exam because of a headache, and It said that I had a degenerative disease in my brain, I was already ok about dying, but then the other exam that I did, said that was nothing (I don't know how so much difference) but well, my headache is back.
