I cant survive the day without completely tuning out and I don't think I can even keep that up any longerThings could be better with just a few tweaks. Hell, they could be great. But I need to get out of my current housing situation to make any changes. This place, these people fuck with my head. And since February, I haven't had an escape from them.

I have the resources to get out, but I don't have the skills I need. I was kept away from people for most of my life and taught jack shit. And I really mean nothing. I wasn't really even taught the basics of self care. Even the things no one really teaches, the things you pick up just being in the world, I was kept from learning. I was never allowed out in to the world. I was kept in the same room for over a decade, leaving for an hour or two a month. For years, I probably had less than an hour of time outside each month. To and from the car, nothing else.

I've made a lot of progress, but I'm back to being stuck in that same room. I'm slowly losing my grip and slipping back into the past. I had a reminder of how far I've come recently. I found someone to text with for a few weeks who I really, really liked. We decided to meet, but I had had so little interaction with people over the last few months and had had so little time back out in the world that my personality wound up MIA that morning. I was zoned out, listening to what naturally occurred to me to say just fade into the background of my mind. It wasn't an abject disaster, I think they were understanding. But it seems that they completely lost interest. I haven't heard from them since.

I'm just so tired of this all. I haven't had anyone to just be myself with. And being so completely estranged from the world around me with no one to just be comfortable with, I can't seem to hold on the the sort of calm that I need to form relationships. It feels hopeless. I'm working myself too hard trying to learn new skills, get back ti school, get a job, contribute to the people around me and make something of myself. But I don't have anything to keep me going. It's constant stress with absolutely no reward. I don't even have people to go to tinker with my reward systems to get me through, how the hell do you find a new drug dealer in a pandemic?

Had I started earlier, had I not wasted a couple of years on people who did not have my interests in mind, I could have recovered from this well enough. I still had opportunities to form connections and find a place in things. But I'm getting older. And I never got to be young. It wouldn't be so bad if I had something to hold on to in the moment, but there's nothing here for me. What hope I had still felt there to be before seems to have been entirely imaginary.

I don't know how I keep making it through the day. Sometimes it's just having another person to talk to, that brings me back to life. But living in my current circumstances, it inevitably collapse. Much of the time the day just disappears. I wake up and before I know it I'm going back to sleep. I get things done, I learn and work on things I need to do to get back to school, but I'm just not quite there. It's like I'm asleep all day, a philosophical zombie until someone comes around to wake me again. I could snap out of it before by just going out and being around people. Walking around a city, watching people in a park, just being around people. With things as they are with COVID, I can't really do a lot of that. And I don't think I have it in me to keep going.

I've come so close in the past weeks to finally ending it. I just don't know if I can keep this up, at my best I'm ambivalent about it all. There's really just nothing left to lose. I don't even know if I'm really concerned about the effect it will have on others anymore. Surviving these days means leaving behind the parts of my self that feel, that fight for more than subsistence. I keep having experiences that tell me it's all waiting to spring back to life, but right now, there's not much left of me. maybe not enough to get through the night.

I've always put myself back together again, found a way to change whatever it was about me that led me to a dead end. Like a magic trick, when I hit the bottom I could still pull a rabbit out of the hat. But look, no rabbit.