everyone only cares about themselves, so no one will miss me if i’m dead.i don’t have any friends. the people i hang out with constantly talk over me, don’t acknowledge a thing i say, and make me feel really shitty about myself. i don’t consider them friends. they’re just people i spend time with to feel like less of a loser. 

people would only miss me for what i did to or for them. i’ve been told that i’m hardworking. yeah, because no one else will do it. people would only miss me on reddit for the nsfw content that i post - of course no one actually gives a shit about some fat &amp; lonely bitch. people would only miss me for “being a good listener.” yeah, because no one ever wants to hear what i have to say. people would only miss me for doing the shit that no one else wants to do. 

i want to end it all. i’m fucking tired, man. i put way too much effort into my relationships with others, just to get shit in return. why doesn’t anyone care about me? why doesn’t anyone love me enough to actually value who i am as a person and not just the things i’m capable of?

i know i need to notice these things within myself, but damn.. how nice would it be to have someone else acknowledge how hard i try not to fucking kill myself everyday? 

life has been so fucking hard recently. 

1 - my dog got sick. i spent over $2k for his treatment and thank god he’s better, but i’m still suffering financially because of it. my job doesn’t pay that much and i feel like i’m never going to get back to where i was before paying everything. i don’t have pet insurance or anything, so everything was paid out. of. pocket.

2 - my therapist is moving on to another role. granted, i only see her once every 6-7 weeks, but those appointments help so much. now i’m going to have ANOTHER therapist who i need to tell all my past traumas to. i’m tired of repeating my story. i’m glad that she’s found a better job though. 

3 - i got ghosted by someone i was really into. i know it’s a part of life. just sucks a LOT when it happens..

amongst other things that i don’t feel comfortable sharing on reddit. 

i’m so heartbroken. and sad. and alone. 

no one would give a shit if i killed myself, so why not just do it?