A Weird LifePlease, read as much as you can. I know it's a lot. But even if you can't help, my life is at least a interesting read (I've been told).

I'm 27 years old, and I've had a really weird life. A basic outline of that life, is I grew up in a physically and mentally abusive household. My mother took me out of school in 4th grade, but didn't homeschool me. She did this so after a year or so, I'd get more and more awkward without much social interaction and lack of schooling, so she could say I had a learning and social disability (Autism in my case) so she could collect disability off me. Father was a abusive alcoholic. Fathers side of the family were really caring with hearts of gold, but they weren't really 'aware' of life (more on what I mean when I say that later), and my mothers side were full of people who would manipulate and use me whenever given the chance, but were extremely intelligent and insightful.

My mother would also do weird dumb crap like saying I had psychic abilities that were untapped, and a bunch of other stuff. She'd also go around breaking things, screaming, writing on walls, then blaming it on having 'multiple personalities', and she'd feign a lot of mental disorders to explain her compulsive lying.

I consider myself without family, and I haven't been in contact with them in years.

&amp;#x200B;

I have a long history of the few friends I have abandoning me, but I have also had a couple childhood friendship gems who helped teach me some important key things.

I couldn't keep many of those friends due to a mixture of my parents moving whenever they couldn't pay rent, and some due to my own outlashes due to growing up in such a broken household.

With the help of a online friend (Hereby known as Jess, obviously a alias just in case), my eyes were opened to everything that was going in my household. Growing up with it, I considered everything that was going on normal. When I turned 17, after some drama, I left home, and Jess got me a bus ticket to the neighboring state where she lived, so I could live with her (She was a couple years older than me, and was moving out of her parents place and wanted a roommate).

Jess wasn't exactly your average person. She went out of her way to help me develop and understand the world. My mother had sheltered me from a lot, so I was extremely socially inept, had weird mannerisms, and had weird beliefs about the world.

Jess was extremely interested in psychology, and had a lot of knowledge that she could apply to me to help me grow. 

I did a lot of dumb things, and broke a lot of stuff on accident (The very first day we lived together, I ruined her new microwave). But she was extremely patient, would just sigh it off, and teach me better.

She eventually introduced me to her family. Her family was full of people who dealt with mental disorders of all kind, raging from bipolar and OCD, to autism and schizophrenia. They were extremely wise, because of everything they all had to deal with, and had hearts of gold. They took me in and more or less 'adopted' me, and I finally had a family of my own.

Jess and I eventually got into a relationship a year later, and a couple years after that, got married.

&amp;#x200B;

During this time, I was extremely selfish, naive, and manipulative. Jess was keen and aware of it, but she tried her best to work around it. Anyone with much knowledge of psychology and the human condition would be aware that it'd be impossible to come out of my upbringing without some issues to work through. My manipulative tendencies was my worst trait.

Couple years of me living with her and being with her, I eventually got bad enough, I was straight up emotionally abusing her. She put up with it, and tried to work around it, but it wasn't getting any better.

You see, through she went out of her way to teach me the world, I was still being sheltered by her. Keep in mind, I am not justifying my actions. I was in the wrong, and what I was doing wasn't right. I'm fully aware of this now. What I'm doing is simply explaining it from as much of a objective view as I can.

But because she was sheltering me, my mental growth was being slightly stunted in some areas. I always just blindly followed her, and though she tried to teach me to think on my own, I never really did. I was complacent. Stagnant.

Got so bad, I was even manipulating her family.

&amp;#x200B;

When I was 24, she left me for someone else. As you can imagine, as mentally unhealthy as I was, I completely flipped out. I threatened the life of her and her family. 

The last day of our appartments lease, I had my car packed with stuff for me to take. I was going to just travel and just drive. But as I got a town away, I instead turned around, started driving to her parents house, and threatened to ram the car into the house while I was on the phone with Jess. Keep in mind, I've never purposefully hurt someone physically before. I wouldn't have actually rammed the house. 

There's some factors for my behavior here, like extreme sleep depravation. But there's nothing I can say to justify my actions.

She called the cops, and when I arrived, I was swiftly arrested. Jess and her family didn't want to press any charges, but the state itself did.

With Jess and her family vouching for me, I eventually ended up in a program where my charges would be dropped entirely if I went into a mental health program and went through weekly therapy, and a bunch of other things like groups for a year and a half.

Throughout this time, me and Jess was still in touch, but I was still manipulating her.

I'd purposefully guilt her and her family, because, like a child lashing out, I wanted her to feel bad and do something to help me, like she always did.

Eventually, she had enough, and told me to stay out of her life.

&amp;#x200B;

Now to recent years. With Jess out of my life, and now that I'm on my own, truly facing the world, I've become far more wise than I used to be. I couldn't just go to her and blame her for my problems anymore and expect her to help. So I was forced to finally grow.

The almost two years of straight therapy helped out quite a bit. I've also been able to better reflect on the stuff Jess tried to teach me, and the stuff I've been through in my life in general.

I've forced myself into new situations, went out of my own comfort zones to try new things, picked up new hobbies and interests (None of which I've stuck to, go figure), and countless other things. I've met new friends (Though none have stuck around, for one reason or another), and evaluated what I want out of life, and I have my 'moral code' better defined.

I'm far, far more self aware than I ever have been. I can moderate myself relatively well, and I can finally say I'm not the same needy child that I used to be.

Jess' father once said that what I really needed to grow was to be thrown to the wolves, and I think he was right. Being forced to truly answer for myself has help me self actualize.

Needless to say, I'm not the same person I was 4 years ago. I still have a ways to grow, and I still have things to learn, but I'm far better than I used to be, and I'm no longer a needy child.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

My problem, and why I'm posting here, is that, I find it extremely hard to find friends now, and that's killing me.

I might be single for the rest of my life. There's a multitude of reasons I say that that I don't get into here. But I'm truly okay with this fact. I can't ever have children for a unspecified reason, so I have no goals of family or anything. 

But I do want family-like friends again. My ultimate goal in life is to have a couple really close connections with people whom I can help out in some way. The reason this is so important to me, is because I want to share some of my experiences with someone else. I want to bounce thoughts off someone else who has a deep well of insight. I want to talk to someone about more than just the weather or what game we'll be playing next. I want someone that I can help give advice to and help out in any way I can, and it's truly appreciated, instead of just leeched.

&amp;#x200B;

My problem is that, there's a lot of people out there, who don't take the time to truly connect to someone else unless they're lovers (Even then, sometimes). They either lack of empathy, lack the ability to put themselves into someone elses mindset, or simply can't be bothered to think about things beyond the surface.

The few people out there who can do this, tend to be scared off because of how awkward I am sometimes.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm finally out in the world on my own, and I've found that most people can't put away their own subjectiveness for the sake of new experiences, new ideas, or new connections. I live in a world where if you're not with someone, you're against them. A world of quick judgments. And it's terrifying.

And the few people out there who are open minded, self actualized, and aware of the world around them, keep themselves closed off because they usually have their own friendship networks set in stone already. I fear this will only continue to get worse as I get older.

I have coworkers, and I go out to hobbiest groups, and other meetups or gatherings, despite me being a introvert. And I find most people to just be....shallow.

I've had a couple close friend prospects, but none of them work out because I usually scare them away due to my awkwardness and occasional emotional breakdowns.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm quite a bit wiser to the world around me due to my experiences, and I'm more self defined than a lot of people I meet. That will sound like I have a superiority complex of some kind, but I think it's just the truth. Not trying to dehumanize others, though. Everyone has their own story, and everyone is unique in their own way.

But there's some people who just can't wrap their head around new concepts, and are stuck in the bubble of reality they've built around themselves. There's a bunch of people who live in a kind of auto pilot most of the day. I say this due to my own experiences with meeting people and picking at their brains a bit.

&amp;#x200B;

The reason having those connections are so important to me is because I revolve my own life meaning around those around me. Changing that core value would be extremely difficult, because I don't have much else to hold onto to give my life subjective meaning. After all, I can't have children, and I don't have enough willpower to force myself into a career that has any meaningful value or use to others. My happiest life, would probably me being able to closely interact with a couple friends, and help them out in any way I can, while I watch them reach the stars that I wouldn't ever be able to.

I want to be important. I want to be a good, useful person to people. But if 'I' think I'm important and worthwhile, and no one else does, wouldn't that just be arrogant? So I need someone else to bounce my thoughts off of, and I need someone to help validate my existence. 

Urg, I could keep rambling, but I'll stop this here.

&amp;#x200B;

I just feel so alone. I have literally no friends, and no family. I'm here experiencing life only on my own, and it's killing me. I try over and over again to make friends, and to hold onto the hope that I'll find some people to really connect to. But I'm running out of hope. Finding real connections is extremely hard, and I don't know where to look anymore.

I do sometimes wonder if I'm too unhealthy and broken to make any friends. Maybe I'm still the same monster I was when me and Jess broke up. Or maybe this loneliness is karma biting my ass for not really being 'there' for my previous relationship, despite all she put into me. With all this, I can't help but blame myself to some degree, despite me knowing better on some level.

I'm at my wits end from trying and holding out hope for new connections. Being this separated from everyone is suffocating. 

I might kill myself soon. But the idea of me killing myself after everything I've been through and all the growth I've done is just....sad. I've dealt with suicide thoughts for most of my life, and I have methods readily available for whenever I finally get the balls for it. But I just can't fathom that being the ending to my story. 

For as long as I can remember, I've dealt with depression. But now that I know what I want out of life, I feel I have a chance at being content. But getting there just seems impossible.

I don't know what to do anymore. Why is it so damn hard to find someone who is both wise, and patient? I don't want to keep going through this life alone. I'd honestly much rather die than to just keep going through my life without any real connections at all. But...bleh.

&amp;#x200B;

I've put forth quite a bit of effort into trying to figure out what I want in life, and chasing it. I've learned a lot. I've grown a lot. I've put forth a real, solid effort, even with a therapists advice a good chunk of the way. But I can't keep pushing this boulder up this neverending mountain, and unless life throws me a bone, I think I'll be done trying soon.

&amp;#x200B;