I've run out of fightI'm about to snap and I can't stop myself. I'm a 35 year old worthless human being that has no family (they are all dead), I have very few friends, most of whom live over a thousand miles away. I have a partner I've been with for 10 years but she doesn't seem to understand how bad I've gotten and really isn't able to help as my mental health issues have taken a toll on her. I'm stuck in a dead end job, no one else wants to hire me. We have no car and the public transportation here is abysmal and prevents me from applying to a bunch of jobs. The apartment we live in is literally collapsing and we have no money to move or anywhere to go because we also have too many cats because I'm a crazy person and rescued them off the streets. Her family does not like me and is also over a thousand miles away. 

In just a few days I will be one year sober. Sobriety was supposed to make things better, it's only made me worse. In my life I've beaten obesity, I've managed to quit drinking, to quit smoking, and am finally 100% sober and it's done nothing but cause me more pain. I have no skills, no talent, no one to ask for help. I have no money, so future, and no hope. I'm pretty sure I'm going to be fired from my dead end job soon, simply because I've been standing up for myself and not letting my boss walk all over me. He's literally looked me in the eyes and said I'm a hard worker but won't give me a raise, even though I've been here for over 2 years and am never late and never call in. I have no power in anything. I am just a worthless cog that is tired of dead end retail or food service jobs and I've reached the end of my rope. 

I'm falling apart faster and faster every day. I am out of hope and see no out. I just wanted to be happy. The apartment that's collapsing is the place I've lived the longest in my miserable existence and is the closest to feeling like a "home" as I've ever known so I guess it's fitting that it's a death trap now. 

I know that there isn't anything in this universe that's fair, but fuck man, it'd be nice to not be in constant pain and to have something actually go my way for once instead of constantly being a failure. My father never wanted me, my mother died from cancer when I was a teenager, I've been fighting for so long to have some happiness or security but every time I get closer to it, it all falls apart. I'm tired of trying and I've run out of options. I know that I'm going to snap soon and hurt myself, I can feel the pressure of my rage and sadness and fear festering inside my head, like a geyser waiting to erupt. I don't want to, but every time my apartment sways, or my boss treats me like shit, or I get another rejection from an application, it adds a little fuel to the building fire inside my head. 

I wish it could be different, I wish I had a say. That's just not the universe I live in, I just suffer more every day. I don't want to hurt my partner, but I don't see another way. As long as I'm alive I make her life worse. At least she'd get pity and help and maybe have a future, but I'm just a massive anchor dragging her down. 

I don't see a way out this time. I don't see a light. I just see the inevitable of my own demise.