I have an expiration dateI've started to pack my things, helpful things, important things, sentimental things along with a lengthy apology and goodbyes to send to my friend. It's hard because I know he'll be angry with me, thinking that I'm overstepping boundaries just for attention and then when he knows what I'm going to do he's going to be even angrier. I don't know what to do. I know there's no right choice in this situation. I've made up my mind. I'm selling my possessions that my friend wouldn't need, my PS4, for example, he already has one. I'm going to clear my room, ship away my belongings, leave my apartment and buy a ticket to somewhere nice. Not as nice as I'd like. I really wanted more than anything to go see a very specific pocket of the earth before I moved on. But I can't afford to get there, not by my expiration date. 

When I hint ever so slightly that my life is less than perfect (when in reality I'm miserable every day) I get these people commenting things that make it worse. They really don't get it. How can I be "loved by a lot of people" and yet spend every Christmas alone? They list things I should be thankful for without realizing that I don't have those very things. 

My friend is not a friend anymore. I can not be alone like this anymore. I don't his attention. I want to be dead. I want to sleep.

It's not like it was before, a passing episode of agony that I broke out of.

It's just reality now. Next week somebody I know has a doctor's appointment. Next week somebody I know has to go to the DMV. Next week I have to die. 

That's just reality. 

Isn't it messed up that they'll probably have a funeral for me? That all these people will pretend it's so sad when they didn't exactly think it was so happy that I'm alive now? A funeral will outweigh all positive social settings I've found myself in for my entire adult life. None of those people knew who I was. 

Maybe just my friend who isn't a friend anymore. 

He said that if I killed myself that he would hate me for the rest of his life. He also told me that I would end up like my father the night I found out he was dying. When I tried to die a few months ago he stopped talking to me altogether and stopped being a friend. So I know he would be so relieved when he doesn't have to hear about me wanting to die anymore. 

Once I'm dead his worries end.