i'm so, so tiredi've known ever since i was like, 9, that i'd end up killing myself. my parents broke up young, and i was always with my grandparents, which usually involved having to sit in a corner while my grandpa beat my grandma. that kind of fucked up my view of relationships, and even though i know it isn't correct, it's just... right to me.

in school, i was never liked. i had a few friends, maybe two, but it wasn't until i shut everything out and held it in, that people really liked me.

still, no boyfriend, no real best friend, nobody. just people i saw five days a week.

i had a ldr boyfriend, we broke up recently, which isn't much of an issue, because we both expected it, and it was more toxic than love.

well, i'm going to cut to the chase.

my family has a long line of mental illness.

my own mom and grandma were severely depressed, anxious, have/had bipolar disorder, etc. so have all of my great-grandparents. luckily for me, i got most of myself from that genepool.

it kicked in when i was... 10-12, and has just been getting worse ever since. i've never been able to get meds, or help, because my mom would take that as an opportunity to put me on disability, and use me for a small check.

even if i make it, i'll never be happy unless i'm on an inhumane amount of antidepressants, or orgasming like... every other second. i've genuinely never been happy, ever, and at this point, i'm a drop out because i'm scared of people even looking at me. i'm so amazing at advice, but can't take my own. funny, right?

i don't have dreams for myself. i'll either be a housewife, or a slave to the work system, or dead.

but either way, i won't be happy.

i'll live knowing i gave my kids these genes.

i'll live knowing they feel exactly how i do.

i'll never be truly happy, no matter what happens.

and i've accepted that.

i want to go peacefully, and just cut my bloodline off here.

why can't people respect that?

sorry, this is more of a rant/vent, but i needed to let this out somewhere, before i kick the bucket.