someone put me down.I can't even write in complete sentences anymore. I'm just going to make a list of the shit that I've done and that's happened to me since the beginning of this year.
I was in love with my co-worker and best friend.
She hooked up with me and called it a fluke.
I got jealous when she hooked up with another guy at a New Year's party we were both at...
...I was too drunk...
...and I fought the guy she got with...
...who was someone we both worked with.
Oh, and her ex-boyfriend is was one of my good friends...
...as well as our boss.
New Year's Day, I tried to kill myself because I couldn't believe I'd been so shitty to someone I cared about so much.
I try to quit drinking. Doesn't work.
Seemingly make up with friend and co-worker, but it just isn't the same.
My dad has heart surgery to have a stent put in.
I get in an argument with the girl about how I think she's been dishonest to me about how we felt about each other...
...we try to intimidate each other...
...and I wind up breaking down, tell her how I feel, she tells me to go fuck myself...
...and I quit my job because I'm miserable and afraid of what either of us might do to each other...
...not to mention her ex-boyfriend still worked with us and clearly had daggers for me.
During a post-operation check-up, my father is discovered to have colon cancer.
My dad has surgery to have the mass removed.
My grandfather who lives with me neglects bathing and eating, says he wants to die.
My dad starts chemotherapy.
My grandfather breaks his hip and is put in a nursing home.
My grandfather dies.
Remember the girl from work? Her little sister runs away from home.
My car's engine seizes because I didn't change the oil. My car is dead, and I have no way to get to work or school (I go to community college).
I can't fucking deal with this anymore. It's one thing after another. It's the small shit that's getting me; I can't deal with it. My dad's dying, my grandfather who raised me from birth is dead, the girl I'm in love with hates me and I'm hopelessly hung up on her, her sister's gone missing and there's nothing I can do to help her, I have no way to get anywhere I need to go, I drink too much, I'm a depressive, and I feel like I'm losing my mind. Jesus Christ, I can't deal with this. I have school and work and all of this shit going on, I can't fucking take it anymore. And it's my fault. My dad started smoking again because of me and now he's sick because of it, I couldn't take care of my grandfather, I couldn't even take care of my own fucking car, I screwed over the girl I'd die for, she hates me and still I'd die for her, she's going through hell over her sister, not to mention my grandmother has Alzheimer's and doesn't recognize me (she doesn't even know her husband is dead), my friends can't be around me anymore because all of this is going on and I can't handle it. I drink and smoke and get high and drink cough syrup and pop painkillers because I can't stand to be sober, I can't be sober, I'm afraid of my sober thoughts, all the guilt rattling around in my brain and making such a ruckus that I can't think straight, I don't even want to leave my bed, let alone my room, for fear something else might happen just by virtue of my fucking existing. I mean Jesus I'm drunk right now and ranting on the Internet because I have nowhere else to go, no one else to turn to, I take Prozac but it barely works and I'm depressed all the time what the fuck am I going to do I'm not going to kill myself but I really do wish sometimes that I was fucking dead and believe me, I've tried to die and it doesn't work, it never works.
WHAT THE FUCK