1 Year Ago TodayA year ago today, my best friend in the whole world took her life. It's been hell living without her for that long, but I've managed. Her family is getting by, but every time I see them I know her loss has left a gaping hole in their hearts. The girl who died was not my Kate, however, but a girl tormented by a disease that wasn't her fault. She didn't kill herself, schizophrenia did. Still, this premature loss of life has been the hardest thing I've ever had to go through.

Kate was the most beautiful, talented, and caring girl I've ever known. For a long time, I had a crush on her , but when I found out she was a lesbian, it actually freed me a little, and we became best friends. We were so alike in so many ways. Both introverts, who hated large crowds, had more fun staying at home with a movie, and very similar music tastes. Once I could actually talk to her without turning red in the face, we were inseparable. I was her confidant, and she was mine. We'd share stuff with each other through Stumble, and if we heard a song we thought the other would like we'd post it on their Facebook. Whenever we were with friends at a party, or going out, we could give each other this look from across the room, and knew it was time to go out and get some air. The greatest memories I have are those moments I shared with her.

Not long after she graduated from college, she developed schizophrenia. The tragedy of that disease is how late it begins to show, and how suddenly. And the whole time you can only watch as the person you knew and loved so much was taken from you. For a while, we just assumed it was something that could be treated with therapy, until she started talking about suicide. Her parents committed her to a short term mental hospital to try and keep her safe, and let professionals treat her. I visited her as much as I could during the few hours they let visitors in. Only her family and one other friend knew about this besides me, and I kept it that way so that when she got out, her other friends wouldn't look down on her. She was in and out several times, each time she showed signs of progress, then would relapse not long after she got out. Once she tried to kill herself with pills, but her sister found her and she was able to be saved. She was then put in long term care in Denver. For most of that time, she didn't let me see her, but after a drug legitimately began to restore her true self, she did. I can't tell you how good it was to hug her again, and see her after over a month of silence and second hand accounts from her mom. She really did get better. They kept her there for another month just to make sure she was okay this time, then transferred her to a halfway house of sorts, where she could still be supervised, but could also go out into the world if someone got her. I took her out most of the time (nearly everyday), with her puppy that I'd been watching for her while she was away. Those were so great, being able to be with her when she was actually herself.

I'm not sure what happened. She went with her family to TX for thanksgiving, where her extended family lives. I'm not sure if she just missed a pill dosage, or took them too far apart, but she relapsed again, but no one could tell. 2 days after she got back, she walked to the highway that was near her house and jumped in front of a semi truck. I didn't find out until later that day, when her mom had called one of my friends and told them so they could break the news to me. I've never cried for so long, or so hard than I did that night. Some friends came over to be with me, and that barely helped. After they went home, I drove to the spot where it happened. Any blood that had been there had been cleaned up, and most of the debris from the truck was gone, though there was still some plastic shards from the headlights scattered around. The only thing I found was the inside sole of one of the moccasins she always wore in a pile of branches not far from where it had happened. Once I saw that, I knew-knew that she was gone.

I spoke at her funeral. I gave her dog back to her family because I thought they'd need him more, though they let me take him out whenever I ask for a few days. That's helped more than anything, but not much else. Even after a year, if I start to think about it, I will always tear up, no matter how public or private the place I am is.

The reason I'm writing this, is not to tell you to not kill yourself, as I know some of you are already set. But you need to know about what happens afterward. You're not freeing your loved one from a burden, and you don't just vanish from their minds a week after you're gone. When you take your life, you aren't just killing yourself, but everyone who knew and loved you. Some more than others. But that pain NEVER goes away. Every day, they will wonder what else they could have done. They'll see reminders of you all the time, and when it's most unexpected is when it's the hardest. I would do anything to get her back, even trade places if I could, but those are all futile thoughts that make the reality of her never being alive again so much worse, but I can't help but think them. 

If there's anything, even just one thing, that can keep you attached to this world, focus on that. Life isn't rainbows and unicorns all the time, but its not hell all the time either. There's so many occasions where I know if she'd been there with me during a concert, or just chilling at home, that she would have loved it. She was going to be a teacher, and a mother, but that's all gone now. It's too late for her, but its not for you. If there's anything positive that can come out of this tragedy, I hope that her story and mine and her families loss might convince you that there is something worth living for, so that you and your loved one don't have to deal with the hell I wake up to every day. Thank you for reading, and I hope this helped.

Kate 4/3/89-11/28/11