As life goes on I loose interest in everything.I have a good life with alot of friends, but as I've grown up, I've yet to find a friend I can truly and fully open myself to, my familiy is loving, but I will never talk to them about this. And one of the reasons for this, is also one of the reasons I want to kill myself.


More and more things are getting boring, because every time I do something I remember it + I get a feeling about it. The feeling doesnt have to be bad, but later if I want something to do, and I think about the activity or whatever I won't want to do it because of the feeling I developed, just because its something familiar I dont want to do it. Its like the opposite of nostalgia, but it comes even though I dont have a bad expirence. So everything just gets boring. And with everything boring, it's hard to have a will to live. I Don't want to live when theres nothing I enjoy.

 
I've been in love and it was great, but even here I developed a feeling, all the thoughts I cant know, everything that goes on in the other persons head, I always think waaaay to much about this, and it Always turns out negative. Some might say that some of the beauty with love is exactly that you dont know everything, the excitement of beeing surprised, this is not the case for me. When my friend and his girlfriend talk about love, and say they want to double date and shit like that, I remember last time.. and in love, the end of an relationship usally isn't happy. So the “simularity” feeling gets enhanced when it's acctually a sad memory/feeling.I am not adaptable to anything and as time goes on, I really dont want to do anything at all, I sit in my own thoughts in my room all day, and from here it spirals out of control. Even as I write this I am starting to wonder why the fuck I am doing it, because so many of your responds, I will already, at some point in my life heard something simular and made up a meaning about it(doesnt really matter what the meaning is, I just need to have thought about it, good or bad it doesnt matter), so even though what you tell me makes perfect sence,  I wont take use of it, simply because I've heard something simular before, it doesn't make sence, but I can't help it.


It also doesn't help to have no one to truly open to, + with all kinds of social encounters it's the same thing as what I said previously. I develop a feeling, I over think, I get severly bummed out. 


So I guess the reason I want to kill myself, is because I don't want to be bored and sad my whole life(as a consequence to over thinking), it's simply boring to be bored, I know I will hurt a lot of people, I know it's selfish. Telling me it will hurt people or that I have some much to be thankful for wont make me not do it.


I know things I've said here might seem ignorant, I know I have many thoughts yet to be thought, and many perspectives to look through. But till I get them I have a problem.. 
Thanks if you acctually read all this. 