UPDATE: I told my best friend I''m suicidal, and I regret it&gt;I am really, really depressed. I just started college, my family is psychotic, and I never had a girlfriend (although I recently went out with a girl a few times, friendzoned, never even kissed, abadoned). 

&gt;The only thing that keeps my head above water is my best friend. But I don't know how much longer I can last like this. I've been feeling suicidal for a long, long time; since middle school, actually. If I hadn't have met her two years ago, I'd be lost. 

&gt;I told her a few months ago that she saved my life, that I was suicidal when I met her. She was very touched by that, but she doesn't know I still feel like this, every day. 

&gt;I'm terrified of telling her. I just don't know how she'll react. She had an older sister who she was very close with that committed suicide. I'm scared how she'll react. I'm scared that maybe she'll have me put away in a nuthouse, or that she'll just act like it's no big deal. 

&gt;I know that I'm a burden on my friend. Especially emotionally. There are times when she feels worn out trying to solve the problems in my life. I don't want to burden her any more. I'm also worried that if I open up about this it'll finally be too much for her to deal with, and she'll cut me out of her life. 

&gt;Finally, I don't want to put this on her conscious. If I do kill myself, and she knew I was thinking about it before hand... I don't want her to feel bad.

I finally manned up and told my best friend that I'm thinking of killing myself,  that I feel like this everyday. She reacted better than I thought, actually I wish she had reacted a bit more emotionally. But I understand that she is a bit desensitized to this stuff,  

She asked me questions, like how long I've felt like this, do i have a plan,  etc.  She was very understanding.  She told me her brother had almost committed suicide. She made him promise to call her anytime he felt like he was about to kill himself,  he'd call her.  She talked him down from suicide many times she said. She made me make the same pact with her,  that I'd call her anytime I am about to.

Honestly,  I regret this, I shouldn't have told her.  I feel it was selfish of me to unload all my problems on her. The way my life has gone,  and is going,  I honestly think I am going to kill myself. Probably in October or November. I shouldn't have told her.  

I'm worried that I put her through too much. When I do,  I don't want her to feel bad knowing that I was considering it beforehand. I know I promised,  but I don't think I'm actually going to call her. 

I also don't want anyone (our friends,  my family), to be mad at her for having some prior knowledge and not doing anything.