worst depression of my life, shut-in, trying to move back to a place i can be mentally stableI don't really know how to start this. I guess I'm just in the worst downswing of my life right now and I'm in pain all the time. 

I lived in California for the greater part of my life (from when I was about 5-6 to earlier this year, with some brief and temporary stays in the pacific northwest). I did a year of community college there, met my partner of 2 years, and I was genuinely at peace with my life despite struggling with depression and anxiety as a result of my childhood trauma throughout high school and into college)

I'm entirely dependent on my mom right now and haven't moved out yet, and the problem is here. My mom recently got a boyfriend and took me and everything we own to live with him in Oklahoma. We're in a small town, and I haven't seen my partner in months. Online chatting is good, but I can't go outside (I'm autistic and trans and absolutely terrified of people in this part of the country) and my social anxiety has skyrocketed. I'm suicidal and depressed all the time, its getting worse now that it's fall because of my seasonal depression, and I'm constantly plagued with crushing homesickness. I feel like a prisoner in my own life, and I don't even know where to begin with getting out. Sometimes I feel like I would just rather not exist at all because of how much it hurts to be here.

Memories of being with my partner in California and all the things I had there that I don't here keep slamming into me like a freight train over and over, and I'm melting down and having panic attacks every single day. I can't go more than a few hours without crying and I'm dependent on the internet to distract myself. I really, really need to get a job and move back to California, but because of my disabilities it's really terrifying to think of moving out of my mom's house. I've never been independent before and I feel suffocated where I am right now.

I've had patches where I was so actively suicidal I almost decided to take pills. It's not at that point right now, but my suicidal ideation is a constant undercurrent trapping me in my misery and making me feel like I'm going to die here. This room, town, and entire state feels like my prison and I don't know how I'm ever going to get out.

I don't know what I'm really expecting to get out of this. Maybe I'm just venting, but yeah. 

TL;DR: Autistic young adult forced to move across country with mother, attempting to move out but gaining no traction, depressed and suicidal due to visceral homesickness and isolation.