I feel like my life is ruined beyond belief, and I'm not sure how to cope anymoreThrowaway because I'm embarrassed. I'm typically not a reddit poster, mostly just a reddit browser, so I'm sorry if I mess up the post or something.

I'm 20, almost 21. I know that's young to be angsting over my life being ruined, but bare with me.

I was always the "mature" one growing up, and kids my own age never liked me. Maybe it was because I was smarter than them (I was one of those gifted kids, and that probably made me seem obnoxious). I was bullied mercilessly and alienated from my peers for being The Weird Gay Kid, and the earliest I ever felt suicidal was when I was 7 years old. My parents are split up; alcoholic father with the emotional maturity of a 6 year old, and a mom who had her own emotional baggage to deal with.

My teen years were a mess, but to spare yall the gritty details, I basically spent all my teen years in my room as your typical emo kid - suicidal and cutting myself (which I started doing when I was 10). My only friends were online and were 5+ years older than me because even online, people my age just didn't like me. When I was 13, I met a guy who was 10 years older than me who trapped me in a co-dependent friendship for 6 years, being sexually weird with me and overprotective to the point of making me talk to him from the time we woke up to the time we went to bed. He said that it was because I was like a little brother to him but it made me more and more uncomfortable the older I got. I cut ties with him when I was 19 and he was 29.

Things got worse as I got older. I was diagnosed with social anxiety and severe depression when I was 15. I ended up dropping out when I was a junior in high school after years of hardly even going to school because I literally couldn't bear it anymore, and my mom let me because she knew that if she didn't, I probably would've killed myself. We were also really poor at the time. I was essentially a shut-in and I just wanted to be online because it was the only place I felt safe as a gay kid in a small town full of homophobes. There are entire blocks of months that I don't remember between 2014 and 2016 because I started dissociating, and time kind of lost its meaning to me.

When I was 18 I met my current boyfriend online and we were long distance for a while. He moved across the country to live with me last year, and we got our own place. He's entirely financially responsible for everything in our apartment, from rent to bills to groceries. My mom helps with small things here and there but I contribute essentially nothing. My boyfriend says he's okay with it, and I want to believe him because he's my best friend and the only person who's ever really respected me, but I can't help but feel like he resents me. He's the only reason I haven't killed myself by now.

I keep saying every year that I'm gonna get my GED and go to college but at this point I'm terrified to even try. I can't remember anything from high school at this point and I feel like it would be a pointless effort to try getting it because even if I do somehow pass the GED tests, I have no aspirations or goals in life to do anything. I used to have passions - I wanted to be an animator at one point, but I just felt like I had no talent so I gave up. Now I'm 21, I have no reputable skills or talents, and I genuinely feel like a waste of space. I'm existential to the point where most days I can't even function because I just think about how my youth has been wasted and how I'll never be able to experience a good childhood or be the teenager I wanted to be. I'm obsessed with the idea of being a teenager again and I would do anything to just go back and be a teenager but without all the emo shit I went through when I actually was a teenager. 

I want my childhood back so badly but it feels like it was robbed from me. The only thing keeping me from killing myself, or relapsing into cutting again, is my boyfriend. I can feel myself starting to give up hope that things will ever feel better and there doesn't seem to be an end to this feeling in sight. Please, help me have any sort of perspective on life and how I can cope with being an adult, or how I can cope with never being able to be a teenager again. I'm desperate at this point.