I just want someone to tell me to die already.I never liked to talk about myself to strangers because I always felt like I wasnt worth being helped. I mean, clearly there are people out there who have gone through some stuff that I can never comprehend would happen to a human being, and yet here I am.   
I just want someone out there to tell me its fine if I kill myself and I dont need to suffer anymore. But to be honest I dont think I am suffering because of no-one but me. I made my life into something that wants me to end myself.  
My parents are very conventional and always thought that Education and Money mean everything and without a proper "Job" I couldnt hope to survive. Hence, Ive never once celebrated a birthday past the age of 5. Never have i played video games of any type until I was 15. Never have I gotten a single present from my parents. The only stuff I can call my own was given to me by my Aunts and Uncles. My parents still say "I paid for all the stuff they brought so I can take it away if I wanted to." Even though I know its a lie I cant be mad at anyone because my relatives are just too kind to me. Ever since I started tenth grade Ive started to see the outside world and wanted to a lot of stuff other kids that age did, but never have I ever been to anyhting but school during my entire childhood phase. Yeah, I go on week-long vacations every 2-3 years but guess who takes me, yeah thats right, my uncles or aunts. I have never been told that I did good on a test, only that I could do  better. So, I tried to get below the average once, and when I did, I was yelled at for 3 hours straight. By both parents. I didnt get dinner either that night. I had to buy food with the money I saved up. The same stuff happened once before. My parents and younger sister (8 years younger than me) went on a vacation alone, leaving me behind because I had exams, and they left behind money for 10 meals approx. when they left for a week, which meant 7x3=21 meals. I decided I would just end my miserable life with no loved ones then. But then I met this girl, who I had a crush on. I thought she was perfect, but when she heard about me, she said she didnt want to be around my family. I told her it would be fine since she wouldnt have to come over to my house anyways, but she never actually spoke to me after that. It could have been because of anything, but what else could I have thought of? So I settled for the fact that I wasnt meant for "love" and "dating". I told my cousins, the only friends I ever had in life about all that happened, and somehow my parents got to know about it. As any teen would I was expecting my parents to say something like "Dont worry youre still young and it doesnt matter anyway!". But instead they just said "We told you that education is the only thing that matteres. She probably saw your average and felt disgusting. If you keep doing average then I dont think you would get married to anyone either.Even if you did you would just get a divorce." My brain went blank and I started crying unconsciously. I got bullied in school because Im not athletic and I was short. Maybe because I was never allowed to play with other kids outside, maybe because I didnt try hard enough, I dont know honestly, but what I do know is that I regret that everyday. My younger sister who is 8 years younger than me is now looking down on me because my parents made an image of her older brother to be a person who is  "useless" and "unreliable". Very recently my parents started to swear at me too. I dont really mind, but being called "Retarded" behind my back really hurts. But im sure some people have it worse so Im not gonna complain.  
 I cry in the shower thinking back at my life. Its the only place where people cant see me cry. I wonder if I could just start over, but I realise that life isnt that easy. My parents also have now started to tell me, "Dont waste water, I thought you knew its importance. How miserable can you be". So yeah, now I cant cry to myself either, so thats definitely another downgrade. I dont really know what Im living for, I dont think I will find anyone for myslef who can help me carry this weight with me, or someone I can actually come home to anymore. Right now all I hear at home is "Worthless" "Unrelable" and my favourite of all "Retarded". I havent slept in days, I just go unconscious from crying at night and wake up on a pillow crusty with tears.

So now I need a random stranger on the internet to tell me to kill myself so I can finally sleep in peace.