Why should I go on?I'm 19. Led a sheltered life with my single mother constantly bailing me out. I have enough evidence to prove that my existence is a result of my mother's drunken fucking around with some schizophrenic drug junkie during her divorce with the father of my older siblings. I'm a high school dropout despite people claiming that I'm a "genius". I have no such thing as a "will to live" or a "will to fight". Had a beautiful, charming, loving girlfriend break up with me because I "let her down" by "failing to grasp opportunities trickling down on me" - her parting words were "we are worlds apart, I wish I had never met you". My education stopped at grade 10 because I hated going to school. I have never worked an hour in my life since no one really expected me to do that. Even the fact I'm writing this now is because my mother forced me to go to language school for 7 years - English is not my first language.



Despite all that I'm planning to work a shitty job like making sandwiches in Subway or flipping burgers in McDick's and finishing high school and going to uni - I see the path before me but I can't help but question it... Why shouldn't I give up and just jump off a cliff now? Why even try, knowing that life is fucking hard? Why even bother with aiming for a decent life on my own knowing that I'll just end up lonely, sad and absorbed in whatever I'll choose to pursue as a career after 3 years of high school? Why aim for a decent paying job, knowing that I won't have a family, that money won't solve all this? Why aim for uni at all knowing that I don't deserve a decent job with history like that?



I fucking hate myself, I fucking hate my overprotective family that's suddenly expecting me to do shit when all they did for my entire life was take responsibilities away from me, I fucking hate my ex for claiming she loved me "no matter what" and turning tail first chance she had, I fucking hate my teachers for giving me a god complex with their "you are a cut above the rest" bullshit, I fucking hate this life - and I also hate the fact that I know all this is not "normal" and yet I can't do anything about this...




I don't even know if this belongs to this sub-reddit; I never attempted to take my life seriously - but I sometimes can't help but imagine doing that, and yet I lack the will and resolve to push through with it...

EDIT: now that I think about it there was an attempt, when I didn't even write a letter - just put a note in my wallet saying "no time for a letter lest I change my mind" - but I just smoked a bunch of cigs and went back home...