Starting to get a bit worried.Hi team, thought I'd ask for a bit of advice.

First of all I should say that on paper my life is pretty perfect, but for a while now I just can't shake this weird haze over my mind that saps all my joy and excitement (I used to really like music and sports but now if I do it everything feels grey). I'm exhausted and when I'm not exhausted I want to sleep because that's less scary than normal life. It's like I'm not living in colour if that makes sense.

For the last two years(ish) I've been thinking about killing myself. Not considering it as something I'd actually do, more just it's been taking up a lot of my brain space.

I recently moved into a sharehouse with two of the loveliest people I know but since I moved out the dynamic of these thoughts has shifted somewhat.

What normally happens is the same part of my brain that says really mean stuff all the time (I'm using light language so that this seems less serious and scary to me, not because I think it's trivial) starts telling me I should kill myself and starts coming up with what I should do, then the side of my brain that isn't an asshole starts telling me why I can't.

The standard reasons are "You can't kill yourself here, what if one of your housemates found your dead body, that would mess them up" and "Your parents would probably want to pay for a funeral but they already payed for school and a bit of uni and you're really messing up their returns on investment" and also "you'd probably chicken out" and the standards "what about the people that would be sad".

This second side of my brain has been quieting down for the last month or so. When my mean brain says mean things about how everyone hates me and I'm a fat, spotty, stupid, lazy waste of oxygen, the other side just kind of goes "...I know". It also has stopped caring so much about the reasons not to kill myself. It still thinks about the implications, but they aren't reasons not to they're more just things that make me sadder about wanting to do it.

This is a bit of a worry because both of my housemates are leaving for a week tomorrow night and I just hate myself and am in too delicate a place to spend that long alone without doing something to myself (this is the first time I've actually felt it might be something I'd do and I've come up with 3 or 4 plans that I have everything for). I have a history of self harm and one of my housemates has encouraged me to get help for what he thinks sounds like depression but my appointment isn't for another 2 weeks and I don't know if I can wait that long.

Because my brain has decided everyone hates me (even people I know definitely don't but I can't convince myself) I'm reluctant to reach out for help. Should I tell someone? I don't think I want to die but also my brain won't stop telling me that I want to die.

Sorry this is so long and boring, but I'd really appreciate some input on this please?


EDIT:  You guys are really nice people, thanks for being there for everyone.