Father attempted suicide - How to handle it?This past Monday, my father attempted suicide. I found the news out yesterday, apparently he had taken a whole bottle of tramadol in front of my mother after a trivial argument about redesigning the kitchen. I can't believe it. He just chugged the bottle, chewing aggressively and swallowing. He had a backup bottle of hydrocodone in his other pocket too that he did not take. My mother called 911 just in time and he has been saved and we are so relieved he is still with us. Thankfully nothing worse happened. 

This was such a huge shock to us. Our home life is incredibly fortunate - financially good, never abused, warm and loving. I would say the only thing we struggle with are health issues, but again, nothing serious, just a lot of orthopedic issues and surgeries. (why we have opiods in the home, but they are old and no longer used) I have always talked to my family and vice a versa, we have always prided ourselves on being open. We have rules that we don't go to sleep angry. We talk as a family all the time, sit together and communicate through all sorts of issues. This is something we always did. 

My dad has always been a quiet person. But even though he is private, he also loves to make jokes. He is kind and giving and supportive. With us, actually, he is quite the chatterbox. 

We have had big life changes, all of us, him becoming retired within the past five years (He's 74) and lately now empty nesters as me and my sibling have gotten older and moved out. I got married and just got a house I'll be moving into in July. (With my parents help!) I visit a good 4-5 times a week and we're always in touch, and we live nearby. We are very close. 

He says he has been contemplating this day for six years. This statement haunts me. He even went on to say all the methods he's considered, and said that when he uses his computer in the basement he's really there contemplating death. This does not sound like him. 

I don't understand why he never said anything. There was no big clue. My own husband has depression and he has signs and we cope. My dad shows nothing that would insinuate he's depressed. The same day he did this, he did all his normal things (gardening, swimming, etc) he has improved his weight and health this past year. He goes out, on vacations, etc. 

I googled all sorts of signs, and none apply. The only things are things like he retired five years ago or that he's just a quiet person in general. But just because you're an introvert doesn't mean you're suicidal. I guess I don't understand depression. I thought I did because of my husband, but obviously it can be silent. 

I am angry that he never said something as simple as "I feel sad". He just did this. Like 0 to 60. 

We are all going to go through with therapy and will talk more to find out the root of the problem.

Reddit, I wanted to ask: right now we are going through things to make the house safe. since he said he goes downstairs to use his computer to contemplate suicide, would it be wrong of me to document his search history? Is that an invasion of privacy? I have not looked yet. I feel like there would be information there that a therapist could use to help him. Or clues. He is obviously quieter than he knew him to be. But at the same time I would feel guilty for doing this as I would like to respect his privacy.. I have never done anything like this.. but at the same time this involves his life and wellbeing. Or am I being to hasty to "find answers" and should just place my trust in the doctors in charge of his care? It's just he spends a considerable time there and mentioned it, I don't know.

For the time being we have also hid drugs and thrown out ones he no longer need. Unfortunately he had mentioned he thought about bleach. Should we hide cleaners too? There's just so much in the house, I don't know where to begin. There's so many things around that how can you possibly hide everything. Tools, etc. I don't want to patronize him. 

I'm sorry for venting, but this was totally unexpected. 