Not dying as fast as expected.I've mentioned it here before, but I have a suicide plan in place. Well thought out and with the absolute minimum impact on anyone, including strangers. Just a disappearance. Because I hate the idea of people having to deal with the aftermath of selfish suicides.

I am ill and slowly dying anyways, so the plan is to just watch my progress and take the trip when I see the turn in the road where I will no longer be able to take care of myself.

It was comforting. To know there was an end in sight. But it's not really moving now. I seem to be stuck in a stagnant state of excruciating physical and emotional pain. Not enough to get any assistance, or to end my own suffering, but enough to make every day feel like hell. It's stripped away the little bit of respite I had left, the only thing I had to look forward to. 

It's been really aggravating my depression, as well as depleting resources to the point that I'm afraid I may not even be in a position to execute the plan when the time comes. Maybe that's what "not being able to care for myself" looks like. Maybe it is time and I just can't see it that way. I don't have time or energy to do anything with my life, and working as much as I possibly can only earns me just enough money to slowly slip into extreme poverty as I fall further and further behind on bills.

I didn't have anyone anyways. And even when I did no one really cared. But the state of the world now makes it pointless to even try to reach out as all the people who couldn't relate before are now in a panicked mindset that their life is unliveable. 

I really hate it. 

I'm putting no effort into hanging on and yet my body seems to have decided that we should survive, in this horrendous state, with nothing to live for. Just lying in my bed staring at a pistol I can't use out of respect for others, but no way out.

Just venting I guess. Tl;dr: I was supposed to be dying soon but it doesn't seem to be happening as quickly as expected, and that has made me very sad.