Lost everything. Struggling to see the pointI guess I just need to vent to somebody. At the end of March, me and my ex were put under an immense amount of stress while her mom had a psychotic break. At the same time, her grandpa was dying. Her mom caused us to lose the pretty good living situation we had and also caused us to break up(6 years). I was struggling with a drug problem and was very distant. I immediately got sober but I had to move back in with my parents and she moved in with a "friend".  

The heartbreak and being sober for the first time in years was unbearable. I've never felt anything like it. I decided I needed a vacation so I took some time off work and went out west. Before i left, I smashed my laptop and found out my ex was with somebody else. Things were bad but i was able to manage. Long story short, after a week and a half out west, things got crazy and one split decision later, I'm turning myself in to the police. I can't say too much but I have two felonies pending against me with my face all over the news in two states. I spent a another week and a half locked up but my ex worked tirelessly to help bond me out. 

Because of the news coverage, I lost my job and had all sorts of terrible things said about me. I may have a chance at getting let off somewhat easy but the DA is definitely trying to make an example out of me. I've learned a lot since me and my ex initially broke up. I'm no longer the person I was but im filled with so much guilt and embrassment. Ive been put on meds and will štart counseling soon but ive partially relapsed because of the intense anxiety. Me and my ex have talked a lot and she said she still loves me very much and if we are meant to be together, things will work out. 

Im not sure what the point of this is but if you made it this far, thank you. I'm clinging onto a strand of hope that things could be better on the otherside. I have lots of support but im also not sure how much longer I can push forward. All I want is to say fuck it and end everything but I don't have the courage