Never thought I'd be posting here...Let me begin this by saying I have recently been diagnosed with depression, my doctor and I have both agreed that it may be partially due to the fact it's hereditary within my family but also due to my personal circumstances. I also struggled with anxiety earlier on this year but after being prescribed Sertraline (Zoloft) for a while I found that all my feelings of anxiety disappeared which was great. Now I'm on Fluoxetine (Prozac) to help with the way that I am feeling and so far I am finding it alright after 10 days in terms of side effects but I am still feeling quite down about my life and suicidal because I feel as if I don't have anything to live for or look forward to.


My mother also suffers with depression, along with borderline personality disorder, anxiety, PTSD, fibromyalgia and other mental and physical problems that require me to look after her on a daily basis. She has suffered with the majority of these issues her whole life and her condition hasn't really improved. It's putting a real strain on our relationship because she's never my shoulder to cry on, I'm always hers. I just have to bottle it up. I do have a dad (my mum and dad separated in 2010 but only officially got divorced less than a week ago) but I don't see him very often as every time we do speak we end up arguing because I don't want to do things his way. I've tried mediating things with him but no matter what is said eventually we just shout and scream so I'm not really sure if I want to see him anymore, or any of his side of my family because they've always seemed to look out for themselves first and exclude me and my sister. She sees this too.


I am currently employed at my local hospital but signed off sick due to these problems I'm having. I was so happy to get this job (even though the apprentice wage is shockingly bad) but I have reached the point now where I have taken so much time off sick (I started this job back in May and have spent a total of 6 days at work since then) that I feel horribly guilty about taking any more off and it's making me feel more suicidal. I feel as if I've reached a total stalemate because I don't want to go on benefits and have to rely on them and if I stay in this job, I'm worried I'll get fired because I'm unreliable and my illness is preventing me from doing my job. I was on Carers Allowance whilst looking for this position and it made me feel like I was taking money out of other people's purses for my own gain. My mum has had to claim benefits for years and I have been to the assessments with her and the way they are treated is as if they are just another number on a screen. It scares me and it's not a life I want. I honestly would rather kill myself.


I'm struggling at the moment because I feel like I have so much to juggle and no one to unload all of my stresses on because my sister doesn't really understand either as she's never felt suicidal. I already have appointments booked with a therapist next week but ones I have seen previously were incredibly condescending and they only seem to want to help if you're slitting your wrists. I did have a large group of friends until recently but now I don't see any of them - we stopped speaking just before my 18th birthday. Now I spend the majority of my days alone apart from when I have to try and help my mum feel better. 


I would really appreciate some help as I don't think I can take much more of this. I didn't ask for life so I don't know why on Earth I was given it. I'm not special, at all. Life just seriously sucks - there's never any guarantee that my life is going to end up the way that I used to dream it would so what's the point? I have no friends, a lacklustre family and only more bad shit coming my way. Who in their right mind would want to stay in this shit.

TL;DR: 18 year old caring for mum who has several mental and physical health problems and is also suffering with depression and anxiety himself, seeking advice on how to cope with mental health without therapy alongside working full time and caring. Family are shit and two-faced and I have no one to turn to.