My only regret in lifeI don't know what to do anymore or who to talk to, so I guess I'll just post here.

When I was nineteen I got a phone call from my twelve year old brother that our mom had passed out and wasn't responding. They were at my grandma's and I was at home about an hour away. The whole drive there all I could think of was "This is it, this is what my parents were talking about not going to be around much longer". I get to the hospital where my sister was crying and screaming "She's dead!". I felt nothing. I felt guilty for not feeling anything because I was the closest to my mom. I even went to work the next day because I didn't know how to react. 

My girlfriend at the time decided to stay with me only because my mom passed away. She didn't know how to break it to me that she didn't want to be with me anymore. I guess her way of telling me was to cheat on me.

My grandma was the next to go. Two years later after my mom's death, she passed away on Mother's Day. Whenever I needed to get away from whatever was going on in life, I would stay at my grandma's. That option was gone.

A year later my sister moved to another state. Her and I were very close, so it crushed me to hear that she was moving but I understood why. 

Fast forward another year, my dad decides to take my brother and move to a different state. This leaves me the last one left in the state that we all grew up in. 

I was engaged to a wonderful woman that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. We bought a house and had our wedding day set. We both were running our own separate stores, trying to settle in our new house, and plan a wedding. The stress got to me so I asked to push back our wedding date. She decides to distance herself from me which made me depressed. After her always telling me to come to her with any issues, I told her about my depression. That is when she decided it was too much and left me that night. 

Another year passes and I sold the house to move closer to my sister. I wanted to be a part of my niece and nephew's life. It was a fresh start in a new state. I met a wonderful woman where we both supported each other, whatever choices we made. I got offered the position I was trying to get for years but it required traveling. Of course my girlfriend says to go for it. She broke up with me over text while I was out of town for work. 

Few months later my boss decides to fire me after working for the same company for ten years. Ten years wasted working my ass off instead of going to school. 

That was the night I decided to end it. Twelve klonopin down, I felt like it was time to seal the deal. Had about ten more pills and alcohol ready. Decided to call my sister tell her how I was feeling. Little did I know the ambulance were on their way. 

One month later after spending a week in a psych ward, I met the love of my life from an online dating app. He was always there for me. He promised me to always be there for me. I let the walls I built up down for him. He always made time for me and always listened to what I had to say. He always encouraged me and pushed me to go further even though I was struggling with depression. A year later, he cuts me out of his life on his birthday.

I am sent back to a psych ward where I was able to convince them I wasn't a harm to myself or anyone else in a day. 

My sister decides it's too much to try to be there for me and won't talk to me. 

Here I am crying, writing this post, staring at a bottle of pills. I have a good job, with a promising career. I don't care. I'm buried in medical bills, debt I racked up when I was making good money, and living in a place I can't afford without a roommate. My dad constantly talks about how bad his health is. His time is close. I look for any reason to keep going. I've lost all motivation. 

My biggest regret in life was making that phone call to my sister. I wouldn't be here if I would have just shut my phone off that night. 


I know there's a lot of information missing. I was no way perfect in any of those relationships. I only have myself to blame for everything that has happened to me. Why keep living when all I do is fuck up my own life every step of the way?

Thanks if you spent the time to read my post. No, I haven't done anything to try to kill myself, I just dont want to live.