Covid killed me without even touching anyone I knowI am 23, been struggling with depression since I was about 10 (not sure to be honest, only got diagnosed last year because that was the first time I ever visited a psychologyst), but my family always downplayed it. "Suck it up" "Boys don't cry" etc. So I did. I sucked it up, showed no emotions for a decade. I haven't cried for 12.5 years, from age 10 (my grandfather's funeral) up until about a month ago.

But for the past month, I've cried every single day. I've reached my breaking point, and noone was ever there for me to help me. Every time I asked any of my "friends" to talk with me because I need help because I'm not feeling well, they ignored me, told me "I can't right now" with different excuses and then proceeded to distance themselves from me or cut all communications.

I started going to a new psychologyst earlier this year, and she is amazing. Caring, understanding, helpful. She can't help me though. Nothing works on my brain. I've tried multiple anti-depressants, they have no effect. I wanted to talk to her about my constant and serious suicidal thoughts, but I'm afraid she'd have to have me admitted to the psychiatric ward, and I cannot do that. I've read horror stories about that and I know it'd just make me suffer even more before I could finally end it.

The only reason I haven't killed myself yet is my grandma. I cannot hurt hurt like that, she is the only person who actually cares about me. However, she's 82 with preexisting conditions, so I cannot visit her under any circumstances. It'll take more than a year for any vaccine to be available, and I am 100% sure I won't be able to hold on for that long.

All I wanted to do is wait so that she doesn't have to bury a grandson. But I can't.

I oftentimes wonder how long it'd take for anyone to find my body. I live alone and the only regular communication I have is with my grandma. I guess she'd notice within days of our usual phonecalls that I'm not picking up. I'm not going to risk it though. I don't want anyone to "stumble onto my body", I'll notify the emergency services to pick my body up.

I've written multiple last notes, I'll pick out the best and destroy the rest, then it's time to take the posion I've acquired and be done with it.

I hope I won't kill her too by killing myself.

&amp;#x200B;

Take care, people, I hope there's still a light at the end of the tunnel for you.