Where do I go from here?Okay, so my hands are shaking a bit too hard to type this out but I'm going to try to power through this, if not for advice, then just to have somewhere I can go to, to read and grasp my situation in it's entirety. 

Basically it all started last August when I began my first semester of college at a school located close enough to home that I could travel back and forth daily. Being the clueless kid I am (seriously, I'm a fuck-up; you'll understand why later) I decided to jump right into a field of study I knew nothing about, and what seemed like it would become a great year of dedication to academia and forced socialization quickly became the cause of a bout of extreme anxiety and depression that lasted close to a month. During this time, I was essentially tackled head-on with the idea that I wasn't cut out for college, and that there was absolutely no way I could continue managing my time to satisfy the requirements of both my classes as well my job. My schedule during my first semester of college was essentially: wake up; head to college; sit through classes that made me feel awful about the major I chose; leave; head to work; get off late at night; head home and prepare a quick meal; study until the early hours of morning at which point I would head to bed disgusted with myself; and pray that at some point during the week I would be able to make time for my newly acquired girlfriend (who plays a major role in my situation, we'll talk about her later on.); rinse and repeat.

 Eventually I gave up, I just gave up trying completely. I only went to the classes that I took with my girlfriend, because at the end of the day, she was my only motivation to refrain from ending it all. Obviously I began failing classes, but I just stopped caring completely. For some reason, I had the bright idea that if I just pretended none of this was happening that it would go away and I wouldn't have to deal with it any longer, and for a while it worked, but now here we are.. 

So anyways, I only attended classes that my girlfriend attended, and I did the work in those classes and those classes only, solely so that she wouldn't think I was hopeless -- It was, and still is imperative that I put my best foot forward and never let her see me at my worst.  When I tried I excelled, and fortunately the classes we took together were interesting enough that I was almost excited to put forth strong effort. I wanted her to think higher of me than I deserved, and for the past five months this is something that continues to sit at the back of my mind, eating away at me during every encounter with her. 

We came from two different upbringings, her family expected and in some ways ensured her success (not to take away from her achievements, because God knows she earned them), while mine didn't do much more than check a report card every now and again.

I guess I'm spending so much time on the topic of her and her role in my life because she's the greatest thing to ever happen to me and if I lose her then I have essentially lost my lifeline. 
I've been living out a pseudo-lifestyle and I've not only managed to let it consume my past, present and future, but because of me it's soon to effect her and everyone around me. 

I failed out of my first semester, lost my scholarship, decided the only way to pay for school this semester was to set up a non-refundable payment plan that with just enough budgeting would work smoothly, and then didn't show up to class. again. I didn't have enough cash to pay for books and I sure as hell wasn't about to get a loan or take a handout from my family -- I'm too stubborn and clueless to even consider those options. Eventually I decided hey, whatever, I'll just pretend I'm going to school this semester and try to take extra hours at work so that I can fully pay for next year's tuition head on. It wasn't that bad of an idea until I realized that these are the winter months and at this time of the year, getting extra hours, let alone keeping half as many as I was originally working was practically impossible. 

Tonight my grandmother, whose name is on my bank account, got a bank statement that I had been charged 350-some-odd dollars by the college (this is the first charge of many that are to come from this stupid payment plan I can no longer opt out of.) and when she confronted me about this I scrambled to explain it was for an extra book I needed that my full-ride scholarship wouldn't cover. Tomorrow she plans on checking my finances and has asked me to pay my bill of $600 to the company that provides my car insurance ahead of time. I don't have that money at all and neither does she, and when she finds out where it has went then I'm sure to be kicked out onto the streets. I have too much pride to mooch off of my extended family, so asking to stay with them is not an option. 

Tomorrow I lose my home, my family's trust, my future, and most importantly the person who meant everything to me and that I blindly considered a life partner until now.

What's inevitably coming hours from now is going to ruin my life and impact those around me, and I don't know that I can handle that. 

Sorry if the formatting on this is off or just plain terrible, I've never written this much out in a thread before. 