It's a dark, dark spiral downHonestly, I'm not sure if I want to die or not. If anything, I want to stop existing, and if that means death then I guess that's it. I suffer from severe chronic depression, moderate social anxiety disorder, and I'm a chronic and sometimes pathological liar. Up till now, I've been able to handle this all semi-okay, but as I near the end of my first year of college everything seems confusing and hopeless.

I've noticed a pattern in my life, where for any period of time I'll be mediocre at everything; I barely scrape by with my school work, I talk only to who I want to talk to and usually just end up lying to seem interesting, etc. Then something happens, whether it's breaking up with a girlfriend and realizing how much I hurt them, or watching my grades plummet as I slack just a bit too much, or seeing my friends go away because I've become either rude and mean or distant and stop talking to them. When it happens, my gut response is to feel awful and blame myself, leading to discouraging myself and furthering the behavior until I end up at the bottom of my depression spiral, not talking to anyone and not doing anything I'm supposed to. It takes therapy, support, and a huge amount of time to crawl back out, but once I do I have this massive burst of enthusiasm, motivation, determination, and drive.

All of a sudden, I'm going above and beyond, talking to all my friends and making new ones, excelling in my work, being proactive about things so I can enjoy my free time, forming good habits and sticking with them. And then, like a light switch, one day all of that will just be gone, and I'm burnt out. I end up losing all my habits and my friends and falling behind again and either I end up back in the hole, or I just barely manage to scrape myself to a place where I can be mediocre again.

I'm so sick of the spiral. I'm sick of making friends, losing them, getting them back and making new ones and then losing them all. I'm sick of disappointing everyone, from myself to parents to teachers to friends. I'm sick of being unable to just be a normal person and do what I need to do, and not be just mediocre or risk doing too much and burning myself out and ending up wanting to die. How the fuck does this stop, because honestly it has come to the point where even when I'm not in my depressive state, I still think of suicide every night as I'm going to bed because I know that I'm stuck in this cycle and it seems I'll never leave.