I want to die, but i don't want to commit suicide 

 i'm sorry I just dont really know what to do with myself anymore.

I've been thinking for a while about wether or not i should post on reddit, but now i am..

I'm 18 years old, and I want to die but I could never kill myself.. I want to die by an accident or murder or what else it could be.. Everyday on my way to school I just imagine myself getting run over, or the train im on colliding with something else and killing me instantly. When im in a car wether that be with my family or a friend (i dont drive) I also wish that we would be in a car accident and i would die. I would never in a million years wish for something to happen to my family or friends, ever. But i want to die, i just dont want it to be my fault. I could never put my family and loved ones through the pain of me killing myself, never. Even if i could i know im too scared to anyway, and i just dont want to kill myself. I dont get bullied or anything like that, i have enough money and my family supports me with it too if i need it, i have a lot of friends, i have both my parents and my brothers, we go on vacations, i have a roof over my head, food in my belly, and i can take a shower whenever i want to. I dont have any traumas or diagnoses. Nothing at all has happened in my life that make me understand why i feel the way i do. Nothing is wrong.. I've tried to talk with my mom and such and she just tells me to sleep more, go out more with my friends. I've sobbed in her face an entire night trying to get help, but she just pushed me away like it was just "something i was going through" like a phase or something.. But i've been feeling this way for years. I didn't tell her that because i feel like she won't believe me, and i can understand why.. Because there's no reason for me to feel this way..

There was one time, in my school.. I live in Scandinavia btw. Where we were on lockdown for half an hour, because of a 'potential' shooter (it turned out just be some students filming a video for a class, of course). We were locked in a room and the threat was extremely real in those 30 minutes. And i realized that i wasn't scared of dying.. I was just thinking of how much it would hurt when it happened, and imagining it. I was only sad for my friends who were in the same position as me and how much they didn't deserve to die and that i couldn't text my parents goodbye because i didn't have my phone, but i was just thinking "finally." for me.

We tried to get me a psychiatrist of sorts but the insurance wouldn't cover it. Probably because there wasn't a shooter so nothing happened.

I just really dont know where to go from here. I try my best to be happy and to be with my friends and all but as soon as im alone all i can think about is how everything in life is just so short, and that there just isn't any reason to it all. Im not a threat to my self in any way, dont worry. I would never seek out death.. At least not right now. Im just kind of living day by day and waiting to die. I feel like im just not living for myself, i'm living for my loved ones..

I dont know what to do.. What can i do to feel better, or to stop thinking this way? It's okay if you don't know how to help.. I just wanted to try and reach out in some way..

im sorry,

Have a nice day