I just called a crysis hotline, what a waste of time and tearsI don't want to make a new reddit account because I tried to last time I wanted to post and ended locked out of the site and it was just a nightmare.

so ya don't wreck my life and find out who i am. 

I just called a crysis hotline, and it was busy, lol and I called 5 more times and it was busy twice and then it rang and I hung up and then I called twice more and it was busy both times. then I found another line for some local crysis centre.

i used to work as a telephone surveyer, it was like someone trying to sell me a long distance plan over the phone, just keep me on the line and keep trying to make the crysis center upsell. special one time offer! how about we send a mobile crysis unit and they come talk to you.

actually that sounds terrible, I just wanted to talk to somebody about my problems because my doctor can't see me till feburary and I have no friends and my parents are a large part of the problem. so basically I am alone, I am completely and utterly alone and nobody really cares.

it's all up to you she says, wow what a thing to say to someone with depression, yes I know all my lifes decisions have been made by me, i know that my life is either shitty or it isn't based off my actions. I very much know that. why would I be depressed if I didn't blame myself? just fucking terrible, now I'm just drainned and sorta just pissed off instead of suicidal.

it's like the only support they will offer is putting you in a halfway house... well I work fulltime so that's not gonna work, and I don't have vacation days, and I work nights, so one of the things they do there is get you on a routine and give you support classes and whatever. well that's not really gonna work if I get up at 8-10pm and go to bed at noon-2pm

so basically the only support society has to offer is completely fucking up my life, I actually don't mind my job, I actually like it there, it's the one safe spot in the world is work. I live at home and I live my parents who raised very very fat, I was obese by kindergarden and I have been since. but I know it's not there fault because we are all only to blame ourselves for our problems. then I tried to start losing the weight and I almost lost it all, and then it's just they leave open bags of chips and cookies and chocolauts and just the most unhealthy high calorie garbage all over the house, but why don't I just move out? well because I tried to start a business with my credit and it didn't work out and now my current job barely pays off my loan payments and I've maxed out my credit cards paying them rent(which they feel they rightously deserve and are the greatest parents they know in their lives for not just telling me to get the fuck out.) I didn't even ask them to change their habits, I just asked for them not to leave junk out where I can see it. this was responded to in a way I only decribe by saying. have you ever tried to take food away from an aggressive dog? and they growl at you just completely almost out of charecter, just an instintive aggressive violent response with no reason or consideration.

so now I'm stuck and I really wanna kill myself just because I know they will get stuck with my debt. I'm not even hopelessly in debt, I just can't leave here, but I can't live being this fat anymore, because nobody will love me, or even even affectionitly touch me, I don't even mean sex, I just me anything not out of sympathy or pity from a female. you know I don't even blame them for regecting me anymore, they all actually out of their way nice to me

so ya whatever I guess, I'm taking some art classes, and I found out I'm very talented, lol I'm a very honest person in a way that's great on camera. But I'm fat and people don't have sympathy for fat people(well unless there in the process of asking forgiveness and making claims of future weight loss) if you just try to put them in a normal life situation, people inheritly react negatively, because fat people are ugly, I think it too

but ya I can't fix it. I know people won't accept this statement, but when I'm on my "healthy diet" I feel great and am not hungry because it's well balanced and not extremely low calorie. But I come home from work and it's just there is food and sugar everywhere, and as soon I get eating it, I want more and then i don't care because I think I've already fucked it up for myself, I might as well just eat more so I don't feel bad.

and then i feel great for a little while and then I crash off the sugar and I feel terrible, I feel god awful I feel doing nothing in the world that won't seem like unenjoyable effort. and I just think about how bad I feel and how much I don't want to feel that way anymore and how much I wish i could just do something that would make me feel better. so I get in my car and I drive to one of the oh so many mcdonalds and I get 3 double cheeseburgers and each has 400 calories, that's 1200 calories I can eat in I dunno. 4 stop lights away from the mcdonalds. and that like more than half of my total daily calorie needs. on top of the regular diet which is about 500 under my daily needs and the fucking near thousand calories of just junk food my parents leave around. then all of a sudden I'm like 2000 calories over my needs and then that's evey day, and that's like all in the last 3-4 hours of the day. and the next day maybe I just don't care anymore and instead of coffee or diet coke in the morning for caffiene maybe I go and get two 400 calorie energy drinks. and the high is so good and the crash is so hard and I eat a couple more thousand calories of junk when I get home and feel terrible from crash.

 it's just I meet people and I fall in love with them and I can see they care about me, they go out of there way to be nice to me because they see how down I get on myself. but if I ever try to just anything, just any interaction beyond this totally not out of your way interaction. I know we're in a art class and you say things to me that let me know you don't hate me, because I act like I think you hate me, but it's not because you hate me, it's because I love(yes I know I don't know what the word means but I like to use it) you and you'll regect me and it's easier for me to perceive it as hate, and you go out of your way to say it isn't and you care that little bit. and I think why did she say that and you think maybe she likes me and it's just this natural reaction and attraction, no desperation, there isn't time to get desperate and you just say "I'm gonna play it cool and later maybe do something." and then you get home and you remember, I'm almost 300 pounds and she was just being nice and if I you even tried to talk to her directly outside of what the art deems nessisary she'll regect you like everyone else because you've done that, that same thing has happend dozens of times and you've played it out like groundhogs day, where you've done every possible thing, reacted everyway, tried everything(including not trying) and it has all ended the same.

you know the worst part lately is I started going to the gym 2 years ago and I'm actually in pretty good shape, I'm just really really fat, I lifting and flexibility and I cycle(even though it's really hard being so fat). and I got down to I'm 6'2 220 which the lightest I've been in ever,  even as a kid I always had a higher body fat percentage, the first time I've been under 30bmi since I've remember checking my weight. and now in 5 months I've thrown away all of it and gained 50lbs and I remember how hard it was to lose, and I remember I had all the advantages of starting something new and being excited about my new diet and just being able to ignore the junk food(mostly it was always an  issue, always adding a few hundred calories here and there). and now it's like you can sell everything you own, get your debt to a controlable level and move out, but I have to move walking distance from work, because i bought a car when I was younger and I broke down and I lost my entire investment and my oh so generous and horribly unappreciated parents let me drive one there 4 vechiles to work, after they moved and took me with them, it was a mistake to move out with them, but I would have no car and I couldn't take my art classes, or even have access to a gym because there isn't one around my work where I would have to move to and only be able to walk because there is no public transportation around there.

so ya I was looking for place in the river to jump in(thin ice around some shores), and I'm not tryhing to violate the rules,  it's just it seemed like a good idea, I was just gonna jump and swim to shore(if I could make it) and that seemed like a good idea. then just go to the emergency room and cry and they would have to something, I dunno, it seemed lik,e the only way to get any attention to my suffering without having to get in a confrontation with someone. but whatever I'm really tired now and I just want someone I dunno. there is nothing I know nobody can help me, the things I want that will make me happy I can't ask and don't have any right to ask. but crying makes me tried and I don't like having to hear myself, crying wouldn't be so bad if I didn't have to hear the whale, it's like someone else, it's like I'm hearing some other person in the most heart breaking hopeless disappar and it frightens me.  I'm just thinking wrong, reacting wrong, I just don't interpet the world correctly and everything that makes me meserable is all in my head and is all just a chosen personality flaw that I need to get over, or go to therapy for.

and all of this will start over again tomorrow, but it'll be friday so I can play video games on the weekend and maybe I'll get some mcdonalds and a big sugar slurpee and I'll be happy, that's what I have to look forward to. the only thing good in my life is the thing that makes so terrible.