I ruined the best thing that has ever happened to me and I can't go onI was a childcare teacher. I have worked there since last summer. I absolutely loved it. There was such a strong sense of community, and for the first time in my life, I felt like I belonged. During the school year, I taught 2 and 3-year-olds. Starting last week, I taught kids starting pre-k in the fall as part of our summer program.

I never was a strong employee, and have had many conversations with my boss about things I did wrong. I always felt that she hated me. I was scared to talk to her. I tried my best not to mess up, but I failed many times.

On Monday, I was taking my kids inside after we played in the sandbox. I held the door open for the kids so they could walk inside. While they were walking, one kid started bulldozing through the line to get in front of the others, causing another kid to start to push him down the stairs. After I let all the kids in, I took them aside to talk to them. I then went to get the kids' lunches from the fridge and put them on the table. There was another class in there, with their teacher. I saw a girl's lunchbox and realized I haven't seen her in awhile. I frantically looked around and asked my co-worker, "WHERE IS ____?" I opened the door that we can into and there she was, sitting on a bench, crying. She must have stopped walking at one point, because she was there one minute and gone the next.

I have never felt so awful in my entire life. I left a 4-year-old girl alone for about 3 minutes. The number one job I had was to keep the kids safe, and I failed.

I was chatting with my co-worker about it and she agreed to not tell anyone. Later, she mentioned that I should tell someone, and I knew she was right. It took me awhile to build up the courage. I finally emailed my boss (who was not at the school that day) at 7:30pm.

This is where I fucked up the most. I lied. I told them that she was only out there for 10-15 seconds. Stuck mostly to the truth, but left out some details.

On Tuesday, we talk in her office. She is obviously upset, especially since I didn't tell her sooner. Told me that I need to let go of my fear of getting in trouble.

I told my co-worker what happened, and about the details of my lie. Asked her to please help me out. She agreed.

I spend the rest of the day crying at home and starving. I was hungry, but couldn't bear to eat anything.

On Wednesday morning, I could only eat half of a granola bar before I felt sick. Went to work in relatively fair spirits, but I was so nervous. My co-worker told me that my boss emailed her about what happened. She said that she told them what I told them.

My boss called me into her office again. My co-worker ratted me out. I was fired.

I just can't process any of this. A few days ago, my life was perfect. And now here I am, searching the internet for bridges I can jump off onto.

I loved that job. I loved my co-workers. I loved the kids. I made a stupid mistake and lost it all.

My co-workers have been reaching out and said that they don't hate me, it could happen to anyone, etc. Apparently, the girl who ratted me out feels bad. I can't be mad at her for telling the truth. But in this case, even though I feel awful to say it, I feel like telling the truth just caused more harm than it would be if she just followed my lie. I guess I'm a terrible person.

I never meant to hurt anyone. I love that girl, and it breaks my heart to think that I made her feel unsafe and made her cry. I want to be a teacher, but I don't know if I can. If I can't keep a child safe, why should I work with children?

But I can't see myself doing anything else. I am not smart. I was not a particularly good teacher anyways. What do I do now? I just want to die. I don't see a future for myself. I don't want to do anything or be anything. I will never do anything meaningful and I should just end it before I hurt more people.
