Every day I think I hit rock bottom-- and then the next day is worseI am a nineteen year old female set to leave for my first year of college in a few days. I have always struggled with depression, eating disorders, BPD, and went through a little therapy, but stopped for several reasons, one of the main ones being because for the past year, it felt like I was living on a cloud. I was in an amazing relationship with a supportive man I loved, I had great grades and a job I enjoyed... just, everything. I felt like I was experiencing genuine love and  happiness for the first time in my life and I felt valued and supported from everyone around me, and, just in general, I even felt good about myself.

I started birth control ~4 months ago to help deal with PMDD, as well.

In the past month, though, I feel like my entire life has completely fallen apart around me. I don't know what to do about it or how to approach it at all, all I feel is complete emptiness and loss and like I have been abandoned by every person who has ever meant anything to me.

My boyfriend, the love of my life, broke up with me because he moved across the country. He said that he still loved me and would have stayed with me had the situation been right, but he didn't feel comfortable pursuing a LDR. He said that he didn't want to be in a relationship with anyone, really, while he was getting settled in into his new atmosphere, and, if anything, might just pursue some meaningless sex to fulfill his physical needs, but we would still maintain a friendship and basically see where it goes if we ever end up in the same city again. This was just the first thing. I found it tough to deal with, yes, but I know him and I knew this was what he wanted and after a lot of introspection, I felt comfortable continuing a friendship. 

But, I then had emergency mouth surgery, for which I was given a lot of hydrocodone, which I took religiously because my mouth hurt and it made it stop. However, after the pills were gone, I had severe withdrawal (I have had experiences with opiates before). Didn't sleep for days, constant vomiting and other symptoms, severe anxiety... and to top it all off, all my friends had left town by this point so I was completely alone. Freaking out in your head for days  and nights on end really broke my spirit. I was already raw in some ways from the feelings of rejection from my now-ex-boyfriend, but I just can't handle anything after the opiate withdrawal. 

After I could finally sleep again, my nightmares resurfaced with it. (Didn't mention this before, but probably for the past 2 months or so I have had nightmares almost every night, sometimes two or three that I remember and freak out about in the morning) They are worse than before, though, often featuring my ex and death and abandonment in various forms that my psyche explores in different combinations every night.

I'm a little into body mod, so I decide to get another piercing, just in my ear though, to try to raise my self-esteem a little bit and find something new to be positive about.

One night I decide to smoke a little (by myself) to try to de-stress, and I have a nice time staring at my computer and talking to a few old friends that abandoned me years ago but I still try to talk to because I am desperate and have trouble letting go of people, but the next morning, when I am driving to the grocery store, I see a familiar fluffy animal on the side of the road... with a vulture by it. I pulled over and ran to it.... it was my cat. I have this image burned into my head of her fur all matted and dirty, one eye completely blank staring at nothing and the other pulled out of its socket. Her tongue was lolling out and the ants were already beginning to crawl in there, and I just lost it. I got a box and wrapped her up in it-- she was stiff, had been laying there for awhile. And I just can't shake the intense feelings of guilt because I was responsible for letting my cat in every night and taking care of her, and I failed her because I was so self-centered that I just got high and laid in bed while she was getting struck by a car. I haven't been even able to bring myself to dig a hole and bury her yet, I am so just unable to function and even get out of bed any more...

Considering how lonely I feel and am, I attempt to schedule a meet-up with some friends that live outside my city. All the planing is going well, until the day of, when every single last one of them ditches. I really don't handle this sort of thing well, I never have, but this was just too much for me at the time. Literally every person in my life has left and even when I try, I am such a worthless drain of resources and nobody gets any happiness out of me.

The next night, a friend of a friend invites me to roll at a rave with some of her friends, which restores my hopes a little bit-- until the molly falls through, and I start feeling sick during the rave and make everyone leave early due to this and her friends turn out to be a whole bunch of dudes that sexually harrass me all evening, touching my breasts and legs and just violating my personal space no matter how much I told them to stop. I feel really guilty and helpless about this, they were all so much bigger than me and wouldn't leave me alone, and I had dressed rather scantily for the rave without realizing we would be hanging out for so long afterwards, and I just, I feel really dirty and soiled by the whole thing... but yeah, so at about 6am the girl who had given me a ride there decides that she wants to sleep over and drive back around noon, but I wake up abruptly at 8am because my throat was literally so swollen that I could barely breathe or speak out of it, and I have no idea how it happened, but I have to wake up the friend and force her to give me a ride to my parents' house, who refuse to take me to a doctor because they think I just took some drugs that made me sick, so I spend the next three days in complete agony, completely alone, again just mulling in my own head, before I start to feel slightly better.

The second of those two days, I am having a nice chat on the phone with my ex-who-I-am-now-friends-with (we've been talking a little bit, just to stay in touch and in each others' lives, nothing like we were before), when I learn that one of the girls he had claimed previously to be friends with he was now basically dating. I honestly support him and really want him to be happy, but I was just astonished and truly hurt by how quickly he had moved on from our relationship... and really, in some ways, I have noticed that I love him more now than I did before. I give him my blessing, though, and we talk about our feelings for a bit and he is still so capable of making me happy, even if we are talking about his new girl, it is bizarre. 

Then comes today. I wake up after a nightmare and little sleep because I am still feverish and throwing up and my throat is still going crazy, and I am just losing my mind over the feelings of insignificance and loss and just, being replaced. I am so hurt that literally after just a few weeks he has found someone new even though we loved each other so much. Hell, even a week ago he admitted he still loved me and missed me a lot. I feel even more worthless, like he has started an entirely new life with new friends and a new girlfriend and I have no place in it. I cannot meet any of his or any of anyone else's needs, all I am good for is just being some mopey doll who is constantly crying and being felt up by random dudes. As the day goes on, I feel somewhat better as my ex again tells me that he is never going to give up a friendship with me no matter who he is dating or whatever, but then, tonight, I learn that the visit he was planning to take to come see me has completely fallen through and he no longer wants to put any effort into coming and seeing me. This usually would probably make me feel bad for just a bit, but I just don't know how to handle it after three such horrible weeks. Honestly, having him visit me was the only thing that was keeping me going, as he is the only remaining positive force in my life, and now I just feel like a piece of trash tossed away and my newly pieced ear even got hugely infected and I just can't deal with any of my problems or solve anything, I don't even know how to proceed other than just with death

I am still so in love with him I can't even handle it and I just feel so hopeless. I have never wanted to go to college and now the prospect of leaving and throwing away huge sums of money for a worthless degree just sickens me. I am completely unmotivated, unintelligent, unwanted, and I just don't see how anything is ever going to get better. This has been the hardest three weeks of my life. Literally, every day I say, this must be rock bottom. It can only get better from here. But then the next day some other shit happens. It feels like I am being punished and in some ways I just need to accept the ultimate punishment and remove myself from the world. I don't know how much more hurting and guilt and abandonment I can handle, I just want it all to end. I don't want to have to wait for things to get better. I just don't think I can deal with any more.