I'm falling so very far so very very fast.I know pain is temporary. I know what I'm facing will one day subside, but I feel so alone. My support is nothing but ice. If I make one wrong step I lose. I mean I seriously lose. I lose my stuff. It gets sold with my fathers house and put into the inheritance which is then divided. All because I can't manage to get a job. I've broken down weeping three times in the last 24 hours because I don't know what to do. I'm so tired, so drained, so alone and exhausted. I can't fucking navigate this goddamn ice drift that is my SUPPORT. Not life, my fucking support is the most treacherous aspect in my life. Especially when each fucking step, no matter how in the right direction I take, makes the ice groan and crack beneath me. 

I have a life line in the necessities but no money to pay debts. A lifeline is not support though, it's just there to make sure I don't drown right away. I have no job because I quit due to it partially driving me to try and kill myself in March. If by June I don't come up with some solution I don't know what I'll do but suicide is looking like a very viable option. I know how I'll do it. BUt the only help I'm getting I had to fucking find, and I have to fucking pay for. I can't do it anymore. I don't want to do it anymore. All my coping skills are failing me. They help me regain composure, they help me deal with the moment, they don't help with the pain. The pain which is just building and building and building. 

I don't want to go back to a hospital. I don't want to find a job. I want to get better. I want to heal. I want to feel like life is worth something. I've been trying so hard but it's never enough. It's never enough to ease the pain, or to satisfy my fucking support. I miss my dad. I feel so utterly defeated, so utterly alone in this tempest. I don't know how to cry out for help either because it feels like every time I do it isn't heard. I feel my back being pressed into a corner. A corner I don't want to be in, but I refuse to fall lower. I'll choose death. 