My body isn’t enough. So let me get rid of it.I have never been a super experienced person, I’d say as far as actual sex I’m honestly kind of unfulfilled. A few years ago I decided to stay single and started experimenting with masterbation and porn. 

Now I cant stop. I want to loathe myself and my puny chest. Huge fucking breasts are everywhere and I realize now more than ever how I physically match up against the rest of the world. My body is a fucking joke and it’s garbage. Fucking garbage. I cannot escape huge fake perfect breasts. I stopped logging into porn hub but they’re all over Instagram and they’re completely idolized and worshipped. I mean, I’ve seen fucking UGLY bitches with totally flat backsides get online with a stupidly huge rack n they get miles farther than someone with a pretty face and a chest like mine. I don’t even see that much different stuff amongst all the hyper sexual content I keep getting spoonfed. It’s really all about huge fucking tits that I don’t fucking have at all. 

So I come to reddit and try to get involved in body positive subs n get compliments n feel better, it kind of works... but there are still SO MANY FUCKING girls on here with implants who are getting thousands of likes on their naked bodies while my ugly body that for whatever reason I decided to share is road kill beside their perfect and expensive tits. I can’t escape from them. I can’t escape how inferior I am to perfect bodies everywhere, fake or not. I am garbage. 

I can’t stop checking my chest in the mirror. Over and over and over. In this angle they look bigger...this bra. This shirt. This lighting. Maybe?

No. They’re just fucking small. Barely even breasts at all. And every single one of you fuckers here would rather have more than a handful and I know that, and I just can’t fucking live with it all anymore god fucking damn.

It started with porn. I can’t tell what’s real anymore and it’s given me so much anxiety I don’t even want to know if I’m truly this unappealing, I’d rather numb my brain into nothing. She’s better than me.

I’m garbage.