It’s like the switch flipped. I’ve always known this would be how I’d go, even from when I was a child, but I wasn’t expecting to ever feel this okay with it.As the title states, I’ve always known suicide would be what would take me out. Even from when I was a child, I would think about how everything would be better for my family once I was finally out of the picture. I started self harming at a really young age, around when I was about 3 or 4, by punching myself and leaving huge bruises. I still rely on this method quite a bit, and at one point I used other, more dangerous, self harm methods. 

It was supposed to happen on my 21st birthday. I was going to not eat for an entire week, then get food from a restaurant I really like (something I’d been wanting for a really long time), then eat an entire birthday cake alone, then do it. That didn’t happen, so I pushed the deadline to May 2021, when I’m graduating college. 

I set myself a goal. If I can lose 100 pounds by then, I wouldn’t do it. The weight loss should be enough to make life a little bit more enjoyable, and it’s the only thing I’ve ever strived for in all 21 years I’ve been alive. Obviously, all the cancelling/rescheduling shows that there’s always been some hang-up, or something in the back of my mind telling me that, “hey, maybe you’re wrong,” so I’ve still been living like normal. I’ve been working out 2+ hours a day, every day, eating one or less meals a day, spending the rest of my time on school and work...making sure I have done what I came to college to do, because life continuing on past graduation has always been something floating in the back of my mind. 

Then, three weeks ago, it was like a switch had been flipped. It was the clearest everything has ever been for me, and it was the first time in years of drafting a note that I knew exactly what I needed to say on it before I left. And it was honestly terrifying. I don’t really know how I pulled myself out of it, because it was really bad, but I did. I haven’t been the same sense. I have one of the meltdowns about once a day, and I just end up calming myself down by saying that it’s coming. I can feel that I’ve changed but I don’t think it’s really visible to other people, which is good because they only care about me when they’re getting something out of it anyway. The problem, though, is that I’m losing my motivation. I’ve found myself not doing schoolwork, and, more concerning, skipping workouts. The only decent thing I’ve ever had in my life is my job and working out (which are both at a gym), and the past 2 weeks I have taken 3 days off of working out a week. I only worked out an hour yesterday, which doesn’t count as a workout for me, and I’m not working out today because I just can’t make myself do it. All I’ve wanted to do since my episode is sleep, but I’ve been limiting that for years. So, I don’t know. It just feels like everything is falling apart and I hate it, because working out has always been everything for me. Exercise is the only important thing in my life, and I’m not even doing that. I just feel so lost and hopeless, and I don’t even know if I’m supposed to ask a question or anything. I’m just sick of feeling like this.