toothache might be the final push towards killing myselfThis is daft and gonna be rambles but I don't know what else to do right now. I've been in a dump of sadness for awhile now and recently got an incredible tooth pain stacked on top of that which has altogether been great. As far as the basic dentist stuff goes, I went in for it on Tuesday and expected to have a root canal done (because that's what I was told was gonna happen), but instead just got X-rays done and told l'll go back again but I dont even fucking know when that is. As far as mental stuff, life has just been so unappealing lately and I have no interest in it or the future. I have 0 confidence in myself and no self worth and it feels like it just gets worse as each day goes by. I work through it in therapy and what not but I don't think self love is something I'll ever experience and it's rather damaging. Sometimes I look in the mirror too long or start notice how uncomfortable I feel in my skin and then from there my day is just shit and I wanna hurt myself. Besides self esteem, my social anxiety is crippling and because of it I can't see a future for myself,  a successful worthwhile one, once I'm done with school which is wrapping up to an end very soon. I just don't know what to do with it all. 
This has been a normal thing for the past year or so and I every now and then get to a low point where the debate of suicide comes up but I never go through it whether be because of fear of what's afterwards or something else. It's been especially terrible this past month, I relapsed and fell back into self harming again. But now there's this pressing unbearable pain that isn't just a mental thing and I want more than anything for it to just stop. It's currently 5 am and I'm at a fucking loss at what to do. I just wanna die and the thought of downing a bottle of meds to end it all, the teeth pain and the mental pain as well, feels so appealing. I finally have a pain that is physically overwhelming and might push me over to do something severe to stop it and it's somewhat comforting in a way. I still have that little fear, but this feels like a new passage as far as plans go for fucking ending myself. Sorry this is all over the place and what not, I just wanted to get out all thoughts that were running about and try to distract myself from the god awful ache that's taking place right now. Thanks for taking the time to read if you've made it this far.