I’m an idiot and tried to kill myself last nightI woke up this morning pissed off at myself mostly. I woke up to someone banging on my front door. The memories of last night didn’t really register until I opened the door and saw my mom standing there. She said the cops were on their way. She tried to get me to show her my wrists but I wouldn’t let her. The police came. Somehow I managed to get them to leave without them sending me to the hospital or an institution. 

They left and then my dad showed up. He almost started crying. He said “of all the scenarios that played through my head when I heard you attempted suicide, you being alive is the best possible outcome,” (or something like that). 

I’ve been struggling a lot over the last couple of weeks. I guess last night the weight of it all finally got to me. I did some serious damage to my thigh and my wrists. It hurts like hell today. 

I was drinking. That’s ultimately the cause of this. I bought a bottle of wine for myself and after receiving my grades from this past semester and finding out I passed, I thought I’d celebrate. Except what ended up happening is I turned music on... and a series of sad songs that remind me of someone who died played back to back. I slipped into a state of mind I couldn’t get myself out of. 

I called the suicide hotline but the conversation lasted maybe 5 seconds. They’d hung up on me once before and I really have no faith in them. I thought I’d give them another shot, but no. So I came here. I posted.... a lot. There were so many wonderful people trying to help me but I just couldn’t listen for some reason. I still put a couple gashes into myself anyways. 

Someone screenshot one of my posts and sent it to the police. I don’t know who you are, if you’re reading this or not, but this morning I *hated* you. I don’t hate you now, I think what you did was commendable. You were legitimately worried that I might take my life. If I wasn’t so shitfaced I might have been able to hold the razor better (sorry, dark suicide humor). 

I’m alive but I don’t feel like I deserve to be. Im humiliated and knowing how scared my parents were is going to haunt me. I wish they didn’t have to know what I did last night. Their lives would be better. 

My body hurts *really* fucking bad. 

I guess I just came here to say thanks for looking out for me even if I didn’t want you to at the time. 