I feel so detached even from my own family.It feels like I don't belong in my own family. I rarely contribute to the conversation and I'm usually the one that fucks up the dynamic. I could literally just disappear and they wouldn't notice a thing. 

Usually they would just take out their anger on me (especially my mom) and it feels so belittling. They would usually tease me and I am aware that that is usual behavior from a family but I'm very hypersensitive when it comes to topics about me because I'm afraid of being embarrassed and I just hate the sound of their laughter ringing in my ears. 

Everything just hurts a lot. It's my fault for being too sensitive about harmless jokes and laughter but I don't know. I feel like I could burst into tears and anxiety whenever the topic lands to me.

My mom and dad has told me a lot of times that if I was born into another family I probably would've been kicked out already. And that just makes me feel like shit. 

My brother also has told me to stop being so sensitive and that just increased my self-consciousness about being too sensitive and ironically, made me more sensitive.

I guess my childhood of being the kid who cries way too easily just kind of fucked me up. I remember crying over being teased by my brother, mom and dad with my best friend around (I think I was 14 when this happened) and they were like "ooh she's gonna cry any second now" and I wasn't going to cry but the teasing about me crying just took me to the edge and I cried in front of all of them.

Not one of them tried to comfort me (not even my "best" friend) and they all just stood there laughing at how pathetic I was for crying because they were teasing me. I just curled up into my blanket for 3 hours crying into the sheets and they all just laughed and shrugged it off. 

I was waiting under those sheets for one of them to approach me but none of them did. I finally got tired of waiting and decided to come out and just try to forget what happened and play with my phone. 

They all laughed at me again.

That laughter is still ringing in my ear.