I don't know why I'm here.Every part of my family is dying off one by one. I spend my days going through the motions but my mind isn't in it anymore. I hardly remember what I do on a daily basis. I'm continually slipping further away.

Since my mom died, I've been ready to follow her into the grave. But one morning I realized that my death would leave my sister in a worse position. I've spent months feeling like I'm having a heart attack, blood clot, or any number of deadly conditions. 

None of this matters. Everyone is going to leave. Family is supposed to be there for you forever but they won't be. They'll move on be it through death or any number of instances.

I wish I were never born. I wish I could have chosen if I wanted to exist. It seems pretty fucked up that we don't get a choice. It's a pretty big decision. I wish I had died as a child. I wish I had never seen the things I have.

Everything is boring or stupid. I can't fucking stand people anymore. Their little stupid quips here and there. They all think they're fucking special but they're not. No one is. This planet would be better off is half of us died anyway.

I can't get out of bed before noon, and I can't resist the urge to nap or else lay in bed staring at the walls for hours a day.

We all like to pretend that everything is a-okay. We like to think that "we're strong as long as we're in this together" or some bullshit. But you know what? Not a single one of us has some mystical power that makes things okay again. We're all fucking helpless.

I pushed it all down for years. I hid from the emotion and refused to acknowledge the issues. I was nicknamed "Hitler" in highschool because shit just rolled off my back. But everything has rolled into the station - full fucking steam ahead.

What am I supposed to do? Just be okay? Pretend that nothing happened? That shit doesn't just go away. There's no fucking magical potion that takes all the memories away - aside from bleach I guess - but memories make the person.

I heard some girls driving along in their fancy car with their family/friends. They had the windows down and were laughing loudly in traffic. I should be happy that someone else can find happiness, but I fucking hate them. I hate that little ignorant bitches can be happy like that. Their stupid high pitched squeals. They think they're so fucking special. But one day, three of the four people in that car will be dead, and one girl will remain. I wonder if things will be better for her. Who knows, they might be worse.

Why can't the planet just explode all at once?

I don't feel close to anyone the way I used to. I don't feel close to my boyfriend or my friend of 13+ years. Or my sister. Though I can identify with her a little more than anyone else. But people just annoy me. Lately, I can't stand people dropping by my house. I'm always happy for the first minute they show and up, and I'm happy for the first minute after they leave. But when they're around, I can't connect at all. I find myself staring at them, nodding but not really hearing whatever it is they're talking about. I just stare. Sometime I think about how they can be so fucking happy, and other times I just stare.

I find myself staring at people in public too, sometimes hating them and other times not thinking at all.

I feel like I'm eking a little closer to insanity with each passing second. Why do people even try? After everything, we're all going to die anyway. Why does it matter if someone died today or years from now? It's just speeding the inevitable. Life is agony. I live for the next moment I can finally fall asleep again.

I really wish I were never born. Things would have been easier.