TiredHello to whoever is reading this post. If you're trying to help someone who's about to end their life at this point, please move on because I really just need support and I'm not a threat to myself at this very moment. This post might turn out lengthy, but this will be my only shot at seeking advice on here.

Something about me. I'm a teenager, 16 years old and a male. I've been severely depressed for something over a year now and I used to be suicidal some time ago. There was multiple reasons, but mostly it was triggered by suicide attempts occurring all around me and I had to be the one talking people out of it on numerous occasions during my vacation.

I haven't tried killing myself even once because on the night when I was finally going to claim my life, my now girlfriend said that she feels the same way and we started dating. Before anything, she knows about me being depressed and also about me wanting to kill myself back then. I'd also like to point out that she's the reason why I'm still alive and she's very supportive. Everything has really improved since then, just.. not enough to get me rid of these moods.

Now to list all the reasons why I would like to finally end it all. Nowadays I have no hobbies whatsoever, nothing really interests me, I don't really talk to anyone outside of school and the internet. I'm quite popular at school and I have a lot of "friends" there, but none of them gets even close to being considered a close friend. I'd also like to point out that me and my girlfriend are in a long-distance relationship and we have an 8-hour timezone difference, which is making it really difficult to talk, but we're handling that part quite well. Anyway.. all I do is wake up in the early morning, feel like utter shit, get ready for school, sit there for 7 hours, not learning anything even though I'm still getting somewhat good grades (the teachers are refusing to teach us anything and they also don't give us materials, they just give us a lot of homework and then exams so we have to figure everything out ourselves). Then I get home, do homework, sleep for 6 hours until like 11pm, feel lonely until my girlfriend gets home (after midnight for me), then stay up with her until the morning, talking. And the same process all over again, each day. 

I don't see myself doing anything even remotely enjoyable in the next 6 years, approximately. See, my plan is to graduate from high school, move to the UK with my girlfriend (who's from the US) and study in college there. That's something to look forward to, right? Partly. I don't have a lot of money and I'm not exactly a gifted student either. With all the costs in the UK, I don't think I'll be able to manage. At the same time, I don't want to keep on living this life without her. She's the only reason why I'm not ending it. I have no idea what the future will bring, but we really want to be together. And I really wanna do that, it's just that it's going to be really fucking difficult to get to the point where we can just live together peacefully.

I'm tired of just pushing through days without enjoying anything but conversations with my girlfriend. My best friend became distant, as well as all my other close online friends. Net neutrality is not making me feel better right now either, seeing as she is not in the best financial situation either (she will have enough money to pay for college though). I'm definitely not going to ask her for money. And I'm just.. it feels like I'm out of options. I can't leave her or I'll just end up killing myself almost immediately. Sure, that'd be some form of relief but I wouldn't like to go there. The thing is, I have a really easy access to outdated prescription pills (a shit ton of them), knives, firearms and high buildings. I don't know what to do anymore and I feel miserable each and every day.

I'm sure I haven't included everything, but I've included the most vital stuff. If no one reads through, well then. Guess I'm all by myself in this now.