I don't see a point in livingHey. So, a whole bunch of things have happened to me recently. I moved out of my dad's (I'm in high school still and it's awkward, cause I can't just split from the rest of my extended family), while my mom is an alcoholic, albeit a functioning one. It's not like she beats me or anything now, but when she used to get drunk she would verbally abuse me, and I just fucking hate seeing her drink, it makes me really really on edge. She tries to conceal it, too, but it's pretty obvious when you've had to be aware of it most of your life. I can't talk to her about it either, just 'cause I'm barely hanging on as it is. I just can't bring another problem on the table. 

I also am probably getting rid of my horse and I'm not sure if I'll have the financial means to get another one. I know that sounds like the stupidest problem, but horses are my biggest passion, and I've put everything I have into learning to train them and raise them. My goal is to raise them for a living and become an Olympic rider. I've been doing it most of my life, and in some other depressive periods, it's what kept me going, and really the only reason I had to live.

I guess the pile up of everything has triggered another depressive episode. I don't know. I do know I want to die. There's not much stopping me, and there's nothing to hang on for. If you're gonna say family or something along those lines, not to be brash, but I don't care. People are not a good reason to keep living, because over time, things change, and they're just not reliable. I've got one person who I might want to keep living for, but the happiness I feel with them doesn't compare to how much I fucking hate living on other days. Everything just feels so fake and not real and so...not worth it. Like everything is used up and so forseeable and why would I continue living for that? It's a weird sense to describe, but just the idea that nothing is real, not like, not real in this plane, but not genuine. So the feeling nothing is genuine. Like I look out over a beautiful sunset or something that used to really make me happy just to notice it, and I feel nothing. I spent 5 hours the other night contemplating a plan for suicide, and I know what I'd do. I don't really want to die but I don't know what to do next. 