I'm about to be closer than I've ever been beforeWhen I first got depressed I got pretty close to killing myself. I had the knife against my neck ready to do it, but I couldn't ever make the cut to end it. Now I'm almost suicidal again. I cried for over an hour today wishing I could die wondering why I'm alive and why it can't just be over. Why I can't just kill myself. It seems like no one in my life understands me. 

There's one thing in particular that's making it so bad. I have one place where I almost feel like I belong, and because of one of the people there bringing someone around who makes me feel like shit just being around them I feel like I just need to be gone because the guy bringing her around isn't going to stop even though I've told him how it makes me feel. He isn't doing anything wrong either, and there isn't anything that I can do, but suck it up and deal with it like I always do whenever things don't work out for me. I just don't know if I can now.

The person who is being brought around was a really good friend, but she started being super shitty to me. I have lots of issues with feeling like I don't belong, bad friends, and feeling worthless so it hit me hard. I put so much effort into trying to hold it together because being friends with her was some of the happiest times of my life, but she kept being shitty and lying and I had to end it. 

Now whenever she's around its a reminder that I am worthless. That even if I try super hard I'll never matter. I won't ever be truly happy and I won't ever belong. I'll always be in the way and useless. I thought I would never feel suicidal again because I have gotten help and I've improved a lot, but this is pushing me to be suicidal again. Its causing me to lose progress. I can't stop thinking about how much I need to die. I think about trying to cut everyone out of my life as best I can so my death doesn't hurt people as much. I don't want to hurt the people I care about, but I can't survive through all this pain.