To anyone who has suffered from depression and is now over it and happier with themselves, how did you stop the constant chatter of thoughts that suggest suicide is still an option?I'd like to think I'm trying now (contrary to my username), but I can't shake the bad feelings or negative thought patterns immediately. I want to keep myself busy, I'm trying to break old habits (though still drinking). I don't know how to just... stop. I want a way out. I feel like I'm trying. I do get moments where I think it'll all be worth it when I do try, but I can't stop rationalising suicide as an appealing option. I need some tips on how to distract myself from these thoughts, or however I'm supposed to do it. I'm already seeing a psychologist once every week or 2 weeks. I went out today and haven't had anything to drink (yet), and I know it's going to make my thoughts even worse if I do drink. I just don't know how to stop! Right now life just doesn't seem worth living. I'm under the impression that if I keep putting a positive spin on every thought it'll eventually help, but nothing I'm doing feels like enough. I don't know what I'm doing anymore, I feel so confused. I mean I've managed to create a whole theory in my head that depression is only called an illness because human beings aren't able to accept suicide as okay because they don't know what happens after. I'm not a spiritual person. I guess I've just theorised my whole life, 'well why bother living if I'm just going to die someday anyway?'. Sometimes I can say to myself that it'll be worth it because I look forward to technology improving and yada yada yada but really why am I trying. I know you can't tell me. No one can, but why is everyone else trying? There's so much I don't understand, and I don't know if it's worth understanding, or if it'll just bring more pain and confusion.

tl;dr: Feeling confused, unsure how to stop thoughts of suicide being an appealing option. Trying to stay positive but can't be consistent. Help!