Hi.I'm not feeling too hot. I know it's common to feel depressed once in a while but, today I'm actually starting to scare myself. 

I saw a reddit ad yesterday, said something like, help the DREAM act pass or something like that. So i went to comments and all i see is just.. Hate. The DREAM act is supposed to help illegal immigrants get a work visa or something. Well, that's pretty much how everything started.

If you haven't guessed by now, I'm illegal, i guess. I am an illegal human being. Wow, kinda feels good letting that out. That's good, i was hoping this venting would make me feel better. Anyway, I was brought here when i was 10 years old, i had no choice on the matter. Now, I'm 21, still in the same situation. I don't have shit for rights, can't get a driving license, can't get into college because i don't have a ssn, always trying to dodge the police, but hey, they make sure i get a number to file taxes every year so i can pay up because supposedly, "I make too much". But, that doesn't matter, almost 12 years of living this way kinda sucked. My childhood and teenage years were stained by all of it. I was always too scared to go to parties in case they got busted or something like that or just scared of going out in general. Because of this i was never able to keep many friends, i would always just blow them off because i was just scared of getting in trouble. Till this day its just the way i am, full of anxiety and self pity i guess.

Back to the ad, maybe I'm preaching to the wrong choir here... It was just full of hate.. Uninformed people just talking about a subject they have no clue about. We're labeled as criminals and selfish, we're seeing as rats. I don't want to be here either, man. But, what do you want me to do? Go back to my own country? The country i have almost no memory of? I am just as American as you are, the only difference is that I'm shit and wasn't as lucky to be born here. I'm miserable here. I love this country, i love its people, but I'm not allowed here. I'm not going to say everything else is perfect but i feel like this is the root of all my anxiety and depression.

Well, there was another pretty big bump in my life. I had met a beautiful girl, we clicked right away, after about two weeks we started dating, i like to think that i was truly happy with her. There was a problem, she had drug issues that she was overcoming. I had no idea how to deal with all that, i didn't know how bad heroin withdrawals were, i was just ignorant of the whole subject. Time passed by and everything was good, i felt like i loved her, we always joked because when she came out to me about being former drug addict i told her that i was an illegal immigrant so we both stunned each other that day, it felt great because finally somebody i trusted knew about my situation and she reacted positive to it, I think that really strengthen our relationship. Well, long story short everything that is good dies. She relapsed, took too much i guess and overdosed, leading to her death. It's been two years and i still can't help to feel guilty. A person on that state of mind shouldn't be dating, a relationship can be stressful, a recovering drug addict shouldn't be put under even more stress.

Damn, i sure spilled my guts here. Well, i honestly don't have a motivation to live anymore. I just don't feel like i have the strength to wake up in the morning if it wasn't for work i could sleep for like 18 hours straight, lol. I know life is a precious thing and some people have it much worse, but, i just don't want to deal with it anymore, i give up. They say God never hands you more than you can handle, so i can more than likely get through with this, but, i don't want too, I'm tired. I originally wrote this because i was seriously considering driving off a bridge on my way back from work, i don't think I will be doing that anymore. So, i guess this helped... I'm going to stop writing now because im tearing up and i can barely see my computer screen lol. Sorry i made it so long, i just wanted to vent... Good luck to all you guys going through the same thoughts. You probably shouldn't do it though. And to the lurkers, seriously, type up your problems and send them, venting makes you feel so much better, maybe it just changes your mind.

Sorry about the grammar and shit. Take care, SW.



