welp. didnt think id be back here.I came here a few months ago after a nasty breakup. really fucked me up. I'm better than I was then in certain ways but the suicidal thoughts are back. I drink all the time because, well, I don't even know why. I smoke so much weed. I take so many moles from my bong (tobacco bowls. really fuckin nasty but it's a crazy rush). I can't go an hour without some substance unless I'm at work. I guess that's the addict's way right? 
I feel so fucking hopeless. my friends are wonderful but something about everything feels like it's not enough. I stay around for them and for my dog. I can't really tell anyone how I feel. tonight I tried with one of my closest people (fuck buddy/ almost bf?). I just said I've been really unhappy lately and I don't want to do this anymore. I can't really talk about my feelings so that was a lot for me to say. he just went silent the rest of the time, finished his cigarette, and left, saying "feel better." fucking feel better lmao. okay I'll do that. 

I don't think we're supposed to talk methods here but I have mine. I work four blocks away from the beach. a couple years ago I jumped off the pier and almost died. it was so peaceful and numb and cold, I can't imagine going any other way. maybe that's too detailed and this will get removed, but if it consoles the mods, I don't think anyone should try this. for most people drowning is the worst way to die imaginable. maybe I'm crazy. well of course I am or I wouldn't be posting here. 

I'm really thinking of reaching out for help, for real. for the people in my life that love me and find me to be so unique and special to them. but I don't think I can bring myself to go to therapy. I'd feel like such a pussy. and antidepressants are a goddamn joke. I've felt so hopeless about this existence for as long as I can remember. I could write a novel about why you should let your friends kill themselves. I feel like it's so selfish for everyone in my life to tell me I have to live for them. 

but of course, I'm the selfish one for wanting to end it. 

I guess the moral of this post is that I'm too fucking nice to die. I care about the people in my life and I don't want them to suffer because of me. but I hate every second of it. and I want to go home, wherever that is. it's not fucking here. 

thanks for reading. maybe someone here can help me out. maybe we're all too fucked.