My Girlfriend Cheated on Me and My Life is Over nowHey, new to this sub, but I've never been so low, and I need help. I don't really have anyone to talk to about this, and it doesn't seem to help to talk about it anyway, but I thought I'd give reddit a try since it has a good community, and I value educated input. My girlfriend that I was very serious about had been cheating on me for most of our relationship I found out. It hurt so much because we had been planning to get married, and I feel completely worthless now. All the love I thought I had earned was just fake, and I feel completely used. I don't really want to go into any more details, but the breakup ended up going really badly, and I damaged the apartment we shared, and had a restraining order against me afterward which I violated when I got pulled over with a drink in the parking lot a few weeks later. So now I have a criminal record, and I'm currently under house arrest until further notice. I've always dealt with suicidal thoughts, anxiety, and severe depression, and it's so much worse now. Before I thought I had a relatively bad view of myself and life, but it was under control. Now I can't stop thinking that death would just be so much easier than continuing to deal with all these issues. 

I was going to graduate college in just one more year, but I'm going to be suspended for a few years or expelled now after the college finishes it's investigation because our apartment was on campus. Overall, it has just completely turned my life upside down, and the woman who i thought was so amazing and special can't comfort me because she caused all of these problems, and I don't even want anyone else. I still love her, but I also hate her, and I hate myself, and I hate living now. I'm not sure what this community can do, but I'd appreciate some support because my family is so stressed with all of this that they just end up making me feel bad, and they talk a lot about all the problems I'm causing them. I don't have the heart to ask them to stop because I know they are right, but it's killing me even faster when I see the pain I cause everyone I care about. The only reason I haven't done anything yet is because I know how selfish it would be, and I don't want to hurt the people left who do genuinely care about me. It just seems like a nice respite, and a good way to get revenge on her. If she would even care that she influenced me to kill myself that is... so yeah pretty pathetic I know...thanks for understanding and offering any advice