why am I like thisI’m 19 years old.  As of right now, I’m laying in my bed crying, wanting to die. I’ve felt like this my entire life even as a small child, I can remember not wanting to be in this world. The only thing that is really stopping me is my mother and how I can see her already losing herself just because I’m not there. I’m her first love she says (her first child) and I know she’d be broken because her favorite sister also committed suicide but I just can’t take it anymore. Not that this matters at all, but I’m a pretty female with everything I’d need at my finger tips.. a phone, water, a nice bed, things other people don’t take for granted.. so why am I like this, I feel like something is so wrong with me... I won’t take meds because they shoved stimulants down my throat as a child swearing I had “ADHD” .. and I feel like that kind of fucked me up a little inside.. I honestly never knew about this app but I feel like it’ll save me from myself or at least hopefully potentially harming myself. I can’t do it, I don’t have enough courage to do this to the people who care for me but I want it so bad.. more than anything I’ve ever wanted.. I know it’s selfish, it’s so selfish but I will not be happy honestly truly happy until I am no longer feeling this pain. I know we all have pain but I feel it on a another level... to the point where I hit myself in my head very hard when I am mad at myself.. no one knows these kinds of things about me... I’ve always done it... just kept it to myself because it’s so weird like who the fuck does stuff like this💔 I just want help and I want to be happy before It actually results in dying for happiness. I love nature so much, and animals they’re my best friends. People? Not so much.. I don’t know if it’s me (probably is) but I always felt like I just never belonged like why as a child did I want to die? I’d always look at my mom and say “I hope I’d die” “I wish you never had me” “Why can’t I just die” does anyone know what’s wrong with me... I don’t believe any form of counseling will help me.. I do yoga to try and help myself but my head never stops talking to me ever.. even when I’m trying to talk it still doesn’t stop