Any advice?I've been depressed ever since I was 9, so almost 10 years ago. I see no point in living, I've lost hope in my life improving. I spend every day like a mindless zombie doing menial tasks and just waiting for the night to come so I can fall asleep so I can repeat everything the next day.

But the worst thing about this is that I have no idea how to help myself. I don't know what my goals in life are, I don't know what makes me happy. I see no purpose in life. This is killing me.

I feel like my personality is incompatible with this world. I spend some days thoroughly analysing the life decisions I could make, the paths I could take, but nothing satisfies me. I see no purpose in having a family or focusing on my career/academia or pursuing my few interests or developing my relationships with people. I feel like I was born in the wrong time and place and therefore I am destined to lead an unhappy life. There's nothing I can do about it.

I just want to go somewhere far away, some place different from where I am now. I'm basically defined by wanderlust.

I remember reading in a book a quote attributed to Machiavelli saying something along the lines of person being happy when he acts in accordance to the time he was born in, and unhappy when he doesn't. I feel like I'm that latter person and that my wishes and dreams don't align with the world I was born in.

But what bothers me most is that every once in a while I get a day where I feel like I'm on top of the world, like everything is going to be ok, I feel extatic. I genuinely enjoy living on those days and am glad I hadn't killed myself. But those days are few and far between. The last time I had one was the 23rd of June. These days are then almost laways followed by a period of increased depression and the worst pain imaginable.

I don't really want to kill myself but I feel like it's the only antidote to my dissatisfaction with life.

What can I do to at least remotely help myself? To find a purpose?

P.S. I'm also absolutely horrified about the concept of aging. I feel like my time is running out.