i don’t know how this works but i need helpi’m fourteen years old. i have been severely depressed since i started puberty at about age 9. i was diagnosed with ptsd, severe depression, and anxiety last year because a teacher noticed i was crying nonstop for days in class. after a couple of months, i was put on zoloft which made me
suicidal within the next two weeks. it’s august now and i’m a week and a half away from starting freshman year but i don’t know if i’ll even make it through the year
let me tell you a bit about myself:
i have never met my father. i don’t even know if my mother knows who he is. my mother has been in and out of my life for god knows how long. she was/is an addict and i have not spoken to her in over a year while my grandmother keeps in contact with her. my grandparents have custody of me. i live with them along with my brother, aunt, uncle, and three cousins. i have a dog of my own. my grandmother is extremely abusive and a sick human being. she constantly belittles me and physically abuses me. she’s a disgusting narcissist. i can never do anything well enough and her eyes and she never acts proud of me or that she cares about me. i have a scar on my stomach from where she’s thrown her car keys at me while raging. if i were to type what all she’s done i would be typing for hours.
i was groomed at age 12 by a 17 year old. my grandma find out and victim shames me until this day. she constantly brings it up and calls me a whore, say she doesn’t expect anything more of me than for me to do it again. 
i have no friends. in sixth grade, i lost every friend i had. the only people i consider my friends bully me relentlessly, mock my weight, personality, and mental illness. it’s so hard for me to make friends. i feel hopeless whenever i talk to people, i always get blatantly ignored. i’m not “annoying.” i’m a nice person, i really am. i have a similar personality and sense of humor as most other kids my age, i just get very anxious sometimes.
i have been questioning my sexuality and gender identity for years. my grandmother has found this out multiple times and verbally harassed me about my sexual identity. i am bisexual.
i have a boyfriend. he’s my only friend and the only person i get along with. he means a lot to me and i don’t want to hurt him in any way, he’s so sweet and cares about me a lot. 
i have been very suicidal lately. i’ve self harmed to the point where i draw so much blood i almost pass out. 
i don’t know how much i can take anymore. i feel so hopeless and nothing has helped. therapy, pills, “healthy” coping mechanisms. i want to kill myself. i know i’m young but i don’t see a future. i can’t survive the next 4 years in this house, it hurts to bad. i cry every single day. i don’t know what to do and i feel so lost. what am i supposed to do now?