Preparing to dieI don't feel like I'm alive. My entire life has been trauma after trauma and the list of things I have to live for is getting shorter and shorter. I keep begging for help but it doesn't come. I have nothing and no one and every time I lose someone it becomes abundantly clear that I'm always the problem. I'm such a burden to everyone at this point that they've all finally stopped caring and have given up on me. Whenever I'm around around anyone thry end up getting irritated and annoyed with me ev==becasue i cant do anything right. I make everyine hate me. Everyone in my life is either an acquaintance or a reluctant "family" member. I've gotten to the point where literally everyone has flat out given up on me, in their own words. Why am I here?? So I can make the world a better place someday? I've always felt like that was my purpose. I just wanna help people and make everything better and for everyone to be happy. But what's the point?? There is none for me. I've been suicidal for a long time and have gone through various levels of treatment, several times. Inpatient hospitalization, PHP, IOP, weekly therapy, bottles and bottles of meds. I've grown so much and nobody else has noticed, always asking me why I'm not "better" yet. I haven't attempted in a long time but for the first time in a while my "gotta hold out until it's better" mindset where if I wait long enough I'll somehow be happy and not wanna die all the time anymore. It's not getting any better, it's just becoming more and more unbearable. Residential treatment is about the only thing that could help me at this point, but my shit, out of touch family and lack of money make it seem pretty grim. I've been trying to find a residential treatment program relatively close to me and there's virtually nothing. I'm working on a plan and preparing myself. My leopard gecko Lily is one of the only reasons I have to stay. I want to be sure she's in a good home being loved and cared for. She is my best friend and I am going to miss her a lot. I feel horrible leaving her. I don't have any reason to be here anymore, and it's sad that losing everyone is what's led me to this point, aka it's sad that I don't have any self worth or motivation outside of the people who care about me, and not many do anymore. All I want is to \*\* and just fall asleep. I;m so worthless and I can't take it anymore. I can't stop crying writing this. Someone really special finally got tired of dealing with my BPD symptoms and left yesterday. The part actually weighing on me though is the things they told me-- *"You made me a monster."* *"I feel poisoned." "You haven't grown at all."* I thought them leaving was gonna be the thing to make me kill myself, but it's really about the things they said to me. I've said and done similarly bad things to them in the past, so I probably deserve this. Maybe I am poison. I can't even begin to express how tired I am. Emotionally, mentally, physically, I'm so tired. It's not my fault. The only place I've ever lived is in the same house as my dysfunctional and abusive family members who constantly put me down. I can't even *love* correctly. I never learned how. I've been trying so hard to be good and it never works. I just can't take it anymore, I don't wanna take it anymore. I'm almost ready to die. I just need to get a few more things in order first. I don't wanna mess this one up, I need it to work this time. In all honesty I'm making this post because I'm scared to die alone. I'm completely alone. I just want someone to hear me. anyone. I don't know what to do anymore besides beg for help in literally any way that I can and hope it comes before I pull my shit together and kill myself already. I'm supposed to turn 19 in two weeks and I don't even know if I can make it that far. **If you read all of this, thank you so much. And thank you to the mods of this sub for doing what you do.**