20/M Tired of it all.I made so many mistakes in my lifetime. Everyone makes mistakes and life is really tough. Some of us are more fortunate but others but feel the same pain in our hearts despite our economic or social status. We all share can share the pain. 

I never considered myself a great person. I was told I’m a good person time after time. So I tried to do good things and always do the “right thing”. But now I am just not happy and I wish I could just go to sleep and dream until the end of eternity. I want to be happy so bad and I don’t want to hear anyone say, “Well, just be happy!” It’s not the simple. Don’t people thing if I could be happy, I would? 

It’s hard to be happy when you’re a lonely person, who can’t drive, no job, girlfriend who constantly lies(Don’t know why but I feel safe and right with her. Maybe because she is a really good liar I don’t trust her, she lost my trust again last week. Maybe she can get it back in the future. Deep down inside I want tor repair this relationship but part of me is typing this for a reason) and growing a college debt.  

I’m 20 and I am so behind in life. I know it’s not a race but… I feel I shouldn’t be a freshman in college. I’m supposed to be way ahead, my head in the door for making cartoons, a job, a car and friends I can talk to daily who I enjoy dearly. I want that satisfaction of going to sleep saying, “Man, my life could be worse but this is amazing. I love life, my friends, and my girlfriend. I might hate my job but they make it worth it”. 

I had a psychologist who threw me on some pills for anxiety and depression. They made things better for a bit but I became extremely shaky and my dreams were too scary for me to continue the pills. I keep them around regardless. I figured combined with other pills maybe I could die through them. I’m too weak to buy a gun, cut or hang myself. I thought about maybe a river. 

I never had peace in my life. Early on I had problems with bullies who I would fight on what felt on a daily basis. It didn’t matter that I was stronger they still wanted to fight. I would make a friend but due to my popularity of my fights and such, no one stayed around. I was so desperate for friends I would give away Yu-Gi-Oh cards. One kid who I gave Yu-Gi-Oh cards to stayed my friend for a minute. He didn’t really say much bad about me. We fought once because he did catch me off guard with some words but I considered him a friend greatly but he died during fifth grade. 

It was like a curse, people I cared about began to die year after year until my senior year. It hurt like a truck. There are some more events that hurt just as bad but to just have someone to talk to and then the next day they’re gone it’s just tragic. I don’t know when it happens again.

I want to run away.  I want to scream, cry and run to somewhere. I want open arms, an embrace that won’t ever let go. I want to be happy so god damn bad! I can’t take anymore of this sadness, questioning and confusion. It’s so fucking hard! I don’t want to wake up one day and know the bills are not paid for, there is a foreclosure on my home and there is no one I can talk to for a release. No one to ever go home to and embrace. 

I wish I stayed quiet because then I would have never known what it was like to have people to talk to you. I wish I had kept my mouth shut. Brushed off all those damn cheating girlfriends I dated. Never let myself be vulnerable. Never let myself go. Never have regrets. Never be so scared of loneliness, being lied to, loosing people and being cheated on again. 

I listened to Gilbert O’Sullivan’s Alone Again. It’s a beautiful song and a cheerful tone to a really sad goodbye. Once my eldest family members die, I think that’s when I leave this place. I feel maybe this is the natural way things are going to work for me.  I’m just craving a life not meant for me. 

You ever hear about all the cops who kill the black people? Well I’m black and sometimes I wish they would find me. Maybe I could die as some sort of wake up call but then again most people who die are a wake up call for a few months to a few years and then their “legacy” is usually lost

I have no idea what to do. I’m so lost and I just want to disappear. I want to rid myself of all this pain so bad. No one may understand. I just need to figure out how to rid myself of this pain. I posted something like this before but this time it feels like I’m wanting to do it even more so. I think I might do it….  

If you’re reading this and you’re in a relationship. Please be faithful to your partner. Work out mistakes but being faithful should be a priority. Early on, if you can trade phones for a day without fear of loosing each other, then you continue. If you can’t, the relationship needs to be either ended or talked about. If there is someone else trying to enter romantic relationship with you, shut them down immediately or you risk so much pain for you and your lover. Don’t take someone’s virginity if you have doubts. I had someone take mine when she had doubts. It hurts really bad that I gave her my trust that was so hard to earn when it came to my body. 

I just don’t see anything getting better. I’m throwing on a façade and pretending things are okay. I’m just going to say that I’m leaving one day. I won’t tell anyone where but the truth is I’ll be going to free myself of this pain in my chest. It’s so drain. 

Everyone deserves peace don’t go giving people hell. If you’re reading this, this far along, please doesn’t hurt people purposely. Please know every action you take will always have a reaction. Please don’t abandon people like me because they’re to sad, try to be there for them. I had people there me at one point but I am a burden now. It’s sad but I’m not blind. 

I couldn’t keep my promises. I am so sorry. I don’t know if it will be weeks from now, months or maybe next year. I think I’m going to distance myself from people a bit so I won’t be missed whatsoever. Then I’ll do it. I’ll probably be ridiculed and called a failure when I die anyways. Maybe this can be the one thing I do right. 

I’m so tired. I am so physically and emotionally exhausted from the fear of not knowing tomorrow. I’m exhausted from always being on my own. I’m exhausted from the past coming to haunt me. I’m exhausted from my trust being broken a million times over. I’m exhausted from knowing and hearing that I am a burden. 

I don’t want to be here anymore. I don’t want to let anymore of myself be ruined. I don’t know what else anyone could take from me. I have already lost everything. You could take the last communication I have in the form of the Internet and random strangers I suppose.  Could take my arms and legs though I barely can manage to move anyway. Could take away my shitty drawing abilities and the want to make cartoons/comics despite. 

I wish I could go back in the past and try to fix things so I would have never went through all this pain. I regret everything. No one should have to live life with regrets. I know I’m “only” 20 but I’ve been around people minutes, hours, days, months, years, decades older than me.  I see the same pain in their eyes and witness it myself. 

Have you ever held your hand to a hot pot of steam? Do you know that burning feeling you get? That feeling is constant for me in my chest. I went to a cardiologist once for it but they saw nothing wrong. I guess it’s just my imagination and stress but the pain feels so real. With intensity levels rising and dropping, you never get used to it either. 

I don’t know what else to say. I’m in pain. I’m unhappy. I’m not going anywhere far in life. I’m so lonely. I’ve been hurt past repair. I throw on a façade and pretend I’m okay. I want to die. I just want the perfect time and place to do it. I don’t want to cry anymore. I don’t want to be alone anymore. I don’t want to be  burden. 
