I don't think there's anything specially wrong with myself---it's the people in my life that bring me downSo, I've been reading a lot of posts on this sub today. Most people feel worthless and have difficulty finding anything to be happy about. 

I'm different. I have no reason whatsoever to believe I'm worthless or have a bad life situation. I have a good and steady job, got a degree early, have a very good financial standing.

The thing is, I've grown up under abusive and pessimistic parents. They were always ready to tell me how worthless, uninteresting, idiotic and a waste of flesh I was. I graduated from college at the top of my class at age 20, parents kept telling me to not have my hopes very high because not many employees would be interested in hiring me. Employees did in fact become interested, I've been doing very well in my career ever since. But my parents kept calling me lazy and telling me to watch out because I'd probably be fired. I never was; in fact I've had several promotions so far. But that didn't keep them from mocking me and saying people at my job must not have very high standards.

Enter my ex-girlfriend. We were in our mid-20s and had a very nice start of relationship, a very good couple of years. Then she took a job she hated, started becoming pessimistic and abusive toward me. That's when I decided it was time to end the relationship, but she begged me not to. I felt she was very vulnerable, her life situation wasn't very good, and felt somewhat bad for wanting to leave her; I decided to give it another try. A short time later she became pregnant. After the baby was born, she became increasingly more abusive. She started to ignore every agreement and conversation we had about us and the kid, doing things her own way; sometimes she would agree to something and later openly admit she never intended to keep the agreement, was only interested in having me do my part in the agreements and then bailing. Last year she insisted that I go alone on a trip I wasn't very interested in, only to reveal upon my return that she was cheating on me and wanted to end the relationship. I felt sad and betrayed, but didn't think it was anywhere near the end of the line. 

Enter my mom again---mocking me and calling me a coward for putting up with my ex-GF's bullshit. My ex, learning mom has been badmouthing her, gets ever more aggressive and abusive towards me; as much as I wanted to, I can't just quit talking to her, as we have a son together. This situation has been going on for some time about a year; except lately every little mockery, insult or insinuation (either from mom of from my ex) is starting to hit me real hard; it's like after all those years of being called worthless, I'm starting to feel like I really am; although consciously I still don't believe the insults, they've been taking a heavy toll on my sanity.

The day before yesterday was the straw that broke the camel's back, so to speak; after yet another episode of pointless nagging and being insulted, I broke down crying. I felt I wanted to die. I really felt that if I had a gun in the house I'd shoot myself through the mouth. I can't stop thinking about ending my life. I feel like my life would be perfect if I didn't have to ever interact with my parents or my ex; and at this point, I think that even if I did, the memories of years of abuse would still haunt me and bite at my sanity.

I don't know what to do. It's paradoxical, because while I don't think it's a terrible dead end, I also feel so exhausted and stressed that I don't have the motivation or will to take even the slightest step towards any solution out of this rut; I feel it's just much easier to end my life and be done with it. I don't feel sad, empty, alone or anything like that; I'm just fed up.