Well it's been a short while since my recent suicide attempt... But there is hope!And I find it getting harder and harder every day to fight off the depression. I didn't attempt suicide to seek attention, or to free myself from pety problems. The only reason I survived was because the only person I told tipped off someone else who knew my address. Things have been looking up for me and I guess I'm here to offer and helping and caring hand when all the ones I was hoping to stick around left me the day I got out the hospital. But, there is light, there is a way out. I for one view music is one of the best therapeutic things to exist. Fun fact: music requires 100% of your brain to process. Every single part of your brain is used to process music. This means that music has a major influence on anyone that listens to it directly or indirectly. The effect is either insignificant or it can be something amazingly helpful (in my case).

I've managed to fight off my depression by listening and reading lyrics from Streetlight Manifesto. Even if it's not your type of music, at least read the lyrics to each of these songs and I guarantee you'll feel better or think twice before committing to something that you can't come back from.

Here's To Life:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBX2VLhjiUo
It's about all the lead singer's heroes in his life that chose the path of suicide. Its effect on me has been amazing, who knows maybe you're destined to be one of the greatest minds the world has ever seen and you don't know how many lives you can and will touch.

A Better Place, A Better Time:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2yeNzL7rTU

One of the best anti-suicide songs I have ever heard in my life. It's seriously kept me from thinking of attempting what I almost achieved.

Point/Counterpoint:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiY-SgAFUUY

Just amazingly well written. The verse halfway through the song is amazingly well written and down to Earth.

Somewhere in the Between:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlWFbDpJgyw

"One day you were born and that was a good day. Someday you'll die and that is a shame. But somewhere in the between was a life of which we all dream and nothing and no one will ever take that away."
Think about all the little good things in life. Times may seem hard but look at it like this. When you are feeling good, or are feeling happy, it's a glimpse of more good times to come. There is always a way to relinquish despair, depression, and all ailments.

The Saddest Song:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOw55BUfcPA
Think about the pain you cause to those that try to help you. That do care about you. Your suffering and pain radiates onto those that truly care. The more despair and hopeless you feel, the more those around you feel.
