Alone.Hello everyone. 

So. Where to begin. 
I've spent practically every year since leaving education retreating from society. It has gotten to the point where, now, in my thirty first year, I have no friends. No backup. No support network. I have systematically ruined every relationship I have ever been in. 

I'm a bingo caller. I work for the biggest and arguably best bingo company in the country. Bingo halls in the UK host linked games; where all of the clubs link together in a kind of conference call, and one person calls the game. To be a link caller is to be at the top of your game. To be persuasive, engaging, fun, exciting, concise, and to have the ultimate responsibility for any and all eventualities that may occur between 100+ clubs and their many thousands of players.

I am that caller. 

I am given great responsibility. People are very positive about my abilities, and are always pushing me toward greater things.

I should be happy.

Sadly; it's all a mask. It isn't the real me. This confident, charismatic person on the stage in front of thousands of people is really a scared little boy. Somehow I just turn on the charm switch and off I go.

I went to a course a few days back. Instead of teaching me, the course leaders instead held me up as a shining example of how to do what it is we do. 'They had nothing left to show me'.

I was embarrassed. I asked them for criticism. And they couldn't give me any. In a group setting. I suddenly felt very alienated from the rest of the group. Neither teacher or student.

And this is how I feel in life. Neither this or that. 

People believe I am popular, fun, etc. When I go home; I do so alone. I play with my bunnies, play my PS3 and log in to Reddit. I don't want to die alone. But as I get older, I find actual, genuine interaction with real people incredibly hard. I am so false that I have become an actor in my own life story.

I was diagnosed a few weeks back. Borderline Personality Disorder. 

At least I have a label now I guess. I dose myself up everyday with my happy pills and my beta blockers; and now and again I go and talk to my therapist; but I'm just existing. When I'm on stage, I'm the golden boy; but outside in the real world I'm afraid of everything and everyone - not least myself. These same people who consider me a shining example would be somewhat surprised to learn that I spend many a waking moment thinking of ways to end it all.

How in the world am I supposed to crowbar my way back into the social scene after all of these years? I find people exhausting. I just want to go home after a few hours of 'socialising'. I don't even know where to begin.

Thank you for a place to vent my feelings. I apologise for the length of this rant.

AJ

 