It all makes sense now.It really does, the thing that lets people rest in peace, is closure, but to understand it, you need to think about it, then realize it, and accept it.

The amount of times when I asked myself "why?" is so big, it's unreal. It's hard for me to put it all together, it always is, as I play games with everyone, so only those who truly want, will understand me, for the rest, all of what I say will be a meaningless mumble.

I think it would be easier if I just made a list, and then add an explanation, but at the moment, I have no idea how long should it be, simple, or complex? Short, or long? I don't know. I don't know is a thing I say a lot, but even more important than I don't know, is I know that I know nothing. It makes me wonder, fell paralel to everything, and nothing, with me in the middle.

1. Money. WHY? have I desired money for my entire life, but never actually managed to get them. Being born in a pathological dysfunctional family with one poor/unskilled/uneducated/unambitious parent... I could go on, and on.
   1. Money spins the world around, and opens certain doors, which will forever be closed for those who can't afford it. You get it?
2. Lust. WHY? have I desired sex so much, but actually never got to know how it feels like.
   1. The way my mother described it to me "he put it in, moved it a bit, came, and you were born". I never felt loved, accepted, supported, you name it, never. My family is very divided, growing up without a father, and with hating mother, no role models, or examples to follow, I was left in the nursery, kindergarten, 0 class \[not sure how to translate it\], school day care for hours, to wait for my mom to pick me up, or be closed all alone at home. That's why I have a loner personality. I could never create a bond with any human being, I think It would only work when I'm the master, and the other person is my slave, no trust, no nothing from my side, no fucks given. Beside being all alone, I had to face every challenge in my life alone, not to mention my conservative country, and the conservative values that aren't to my liking, because they are pretty much all against the males, and pro females. All this combined, and here we have me, loner misogynist virgin. If you ever asked me, what do I think of women, then I'd tell you, "get on your knees, I'll show you". Seriously, how am I expected to respect females, when I feel disrespected daily as a male? Everyone hates me, and on top of that I hate myself the most. I'm so used to be alone, doing things alone, it become my routine, to not ask anyone for help, but just do it, regardless of what it is. Banging is on my mind, all the time, cuddling etc. too, but not much else.
3. Opportunity. WHY? have I desired it so much, but was never actually given a chance? Since young age, I wanted to leave this shit hole, but it didn't work out with the USA. I don't think I had high expectations. Everyone knew what my plans were, everyone knew what I could do, but no one ever gave me a hand, money, or even offered to lend them, no one gave me any useful advice. It was quite the opposite, but what to expect from below average people... that my family consists of? They all wanted me to be liked them, to be a nobody, to be nothing, to live meaningless life in misery. I'm not sure what did I expect?

School prepared me for nothing, and gave nothing, but even if I was a good student, not much would have changed, since educations here is dated, and the only thing it does is destroys people, it kills their passion for any subject they had, it pierces them inside out, and leaves them bleeding, until they graduate, so later, they can heal, and learn whatever they want to learn, on their own, unfortunately. A system designed to memorize tons of completely useless, meaningless stuff. Constant tests of all kinds, homework, and pressure to get good grades, so you can reach another level of education, where everything is done exactly the same. Years wasted, for a crap that I never found useful, for shit so abstract, you'd need to do drugs, and you'd still be unable to understand who came up with all of this. School killed me, didn't let me grow at all, get better. Generations lost, and I'm just 1 among them. Only paper matters, but it's value is similar to the toilet paper. I envy Fins, and not sure who else, where education is for people. It was the worst part of my life, I'd rather go and serve a sentence in a homosexual prison, than go through it once again. How do we progress as people? By observing, performing variety of actions, failing, succeeded, and then forming our own conclusions. Unfortunately it all costs, underfunded educations has nothing to offer, trust me, and a poor country is a place where no rat will ever stay.

I wish I lived in a free country, where I could shape my life the way I wanted to, and not have my life predetermined, and then left a small room for my choices.

I guess, it bothers me, and it will keep bothering me forever, I can't even held people responsible for ruining my life. All I can do, is to look how exactly the same thing happens to everyone else. XXI century, and education system worse than the one in medieval times, ridiculous.

I have no idea why it struct me to write, all I know, things like this happen. I hope to grow a pair of balls, and finally do it.

That's the moral of the story, you're not who you want to be, it's possible, but...

That's how I would sum it all up, 3 things that have been bothering me my entire life, money, sex, and being unable to get into USA/Green Card. 

Remember, it's all connected. 