InvisibleI am a 25 year old male.

For the last 11 years my life has been going downhill.  I have no friends and I haven't had any real friends since I was like 7 years old. My family is very small and spread out and do not have anything in common with me. After years of major depression and anxiety I have been diagnosed with borderline disorder. 

When I was 14 I developed what some people would  call body dysmorphic disorder. I was kicked in the ribs hard during a growth spurt and a period of being sedentary and developed scoliosis and stretch Mark's ect. Couple this with my already struggling social life I dropped out of school and home life became so bad that I was put into foster care.

I spent years trying to fix my "physical" problems while also trying various mental health care approaches. Nothing worked and my issue became worse not better. 

I would wake up every morning with a plan and put my 100%into whatever it was I thought would make me better while putting anything else on hold.  When I was 19 i needed to get a job as gov funding had stopped so i became a commercial fisherman. One of the hardest jobs in the world. But this made it I possible to work on anything else as being away for months and working 17 hour days out at sea would take its toll on me.

I am now 25 and have exhausted every ideas or resources I've had and have nothing left. I quit my job I just cant do it anymore. I am living in my truck in the cab where I spend almost 24 hours of the day laying here watching stupid tv shows trying to distract myself from reality. Parked by the water by a park and main road. Nobody pays any attention to me I am invisible to the world. I am I  debt and have no money to my name just a credit card with a few thousand left on it. Nobody in my past or present cares about me except my mom who is useless. If I had assisted suicide pills I would take them as I want a peacufull death. I cannot bring myself to shoot myself but when the money runs out I think I may try morphine or an exit bag.  No reason for writing this except I had nothing else to do