I can finally be free. Death is my choice.All I ever wanted was freedom. Death isn't sad or macabre, and especially not taking my own life. It's a choice. It's a decision to leave in my own way, on my terms.

I have been suicidal for many years. I was eight when I first seriously contemplated it - it brought a strange sense of comfort.

Through the years, I made multiple attempts, but they were truthfully half-assed, impulsive and badly researched.

The truth is, I have no chance of ever leading a "normal" life. I have no money or own home, no family, a very abusive history, a plethora of mental illnesses, a physical disability, arthritis and gradually worsening physical conditions (which are exacerbated by my disability). 

I'm 26: This isn't going to go away. It's going to get worse and worse. I would rather die with dignity now, than be immobile by the time I'm 50.

The person who kept me alive was my father. He assured me that if I were to commit suicide, he would follow. So I felt I couldn't possibly go through with it. Despite our turbulent relationship, I did not want to be the cause of his death.

After his traumatic death in July, I dealt with the aftermath and plodded through. I now realise that with the person keeping me tied to life being gone, I can go through with this.

But I'll do it **properly** this time.

There will be no "mess". I have chosen a method that will at least look peaceful. I simply need to do more research to be absolutely certain, and discreetly acquire the materials. I will get an enema beforehand and wear an adult diaper for good measure, too. It's not fair to expect anyone to clean up after me.
I will do my hair and makeup. I will wear my best outfit and jewellery. I will be as presentable as possible. I will cover myself prior to performing the method, and attach a note - in case someone finds me before emergency services do - to call emergency services as soon as possible, and to not look at me.
I will compose a thank you note for the emergency services and coroner. They do a hard job and those who dealt with my dad handled everything so professionally.

I will ensure my Will has been written and witnessed, and will write detailed letters to those who mattered, in particular my partner.

I will sell all belongings or donate to charity so that any personal items that need to be dealt with are at an absolute minimum.

I will sort out all paperwork and close as many accounts as possible.

I have chosen my funeral director and cremation package.

I'm doing this, but I'm doing it properly. In the right way, with careful consideration for those involved and measures in place to minimise hassle and trauma.

I'm lonely anyway. The person who will be most effected is my partner. I'll do all I can to ensure he knows there is nothing he could have possibly done and leave the estate to him so that he has extra funding to help him out.

My original deadline was October 7th, but the Will won't be finalized until the end of the month. So I figured, I could do this after my birthday in November. This will give me plenty of time to plan this extensively and ensure there is nothing forgotten.

Then I can spend one more cherished day with the person who matters most to me.


At last, I will be free.