The rope stopped being scaryI’ve never really been afraid of dying. But in the attempts the potential pain or the feeling of the thing made me stop. I’ve spat out pills, tied so many nooses just to sit and stare at them, sat out on a nature preserve and hoped some crazy would come kill me. Just. Anything. 

Today I put a length of my rope against my neck and it just felt nice. Like a caress. Like it wasn’t an instrument anymore and more like it just wanted to take my pain away. Of course, I’m projecting. The rope was the same length of rope I’ve had for years. I meant it for a cat scratching post. Then I used it for bondage. And it just kinda has been around. 

I have a lot of trauma. My dad will tell you it’s because I don’t get out much. Not because he drank through most of my childhood. Or because his only interaction was yelling at me, ignoring me, or telling me he’s disappointed because of my schoolwork. I’m out of college now, I did stay home because I was poor, then I stayed for my mom, and now I’ve stayed because I’m poor again. I could go to a women’s shelter for a while, or steal my car and live in it. But I have pets. I can’t leave them with my parents. But the thought of rehoming them makes me feel so selfish. Why did I take them in knowing I might have to leave without them? Was I just impulsively trying to not be so alone? 

Today he started an argument because he could. I want a relationship with both of my parents for my moms sake. She doesn’t help much honestly. Shuts down and blames it on minor things. I genuinely don’t think she’s capable of grasping something so complex and painful. I don’t think I want her to understand it the way I do. I don’t want to either. But she’s also mostly innocent. I’ll leave her business off of reddit, but she was in a situation where I don’t blame her for marrying him. 

The conclusion of the discussion between me and my father is that when my mental health was vastly in the negatives (surprisingly less ok than I am now), that he was justified in being angry that I didn’t want to be social or go anywhere with them. That secluding myself when my relationship was failing, my job was degrading me to the point I stopped showering or eating properly, and I was drinking just to sedate myself and stay numb that I was in the wrong for not telling them. 

Why should I tell someone who is just angry at me because I’m hurting why I’m hurting? He had no right. And he still doesn’t. He says he supports my art in the same conversation. He’s not supportive. He uses it as a point to say something positive and pretend he cares about me. 

Where I find a place for my pets determines what I do with myself. If they go to a good home I’ll send myself away into some other state of being. I kind of hope there’s nothing after death. I’m so tired of experiencing anything. If by some miracle I find a place that allows cats that I can afford I will go start a new life there.