How to cope?I made an attempt on Good Friday. I swam out into the cold ocean a kilometre or so. After about 45 minutes or so I could feel myself fading, I was getting cold and tired, even though I did not feel cold. There were seals curious about what this human was doing out there, sea birds, and a beautiful blue sky marked with wispy high clouds. I floated on my back looking up. I knew that I would not be able to make it back to shore, and thus figured that the end was coming. To my surprise I was completely comfortable with that. No fear, no anxiety, no crying, no wailing. It was a peaceful and serene moment. A beautiful place to die I thought.  I figured that I would lose consciousness and just slip below the calm ocean. 

At some point shortly thereafter my peace was broken by the harsh noise of a hovercraft. I didn't have the energy or muscle control to get away from it. I was pulled from my cozy embrace onto the cold, hard deck. Instantly I felt cold and the pain began. Wrapped in a blanket I was taken to a waiting ambulance. They cut off my shorts, put something warm in my armpits and between my legs. They started an IV of warm saline. I groaned in pain and shook uncontrollably all the way to the hospital. I had failed. Close but no cigar.

The next day I was taken into police custody. I ended up in a filthy cell, with no clothes, under suicide watch in the segregation unit of prison. My first and hopefully last incarceration. It was a nightmare. So loud, heavy doors, alarms, locks, and the various yelling and wailing from hardened inmates. I thought I was going to crack mentally. I was very afraid. I just shut down, curled up into a ball, went quiet, and rode it out for five days. I met with a forensic psychiatrist and was cleared to be moved into a regular living unit although still solitary. The only thing that kept me going was that I did not want to die in there. It was not a place for that. I wanted the option of serene surroundings.

I got out three days ago on Wednesday. When I arrived home, I live alone, I was very happy. My garden was bursting with flowers. I entered my home and all was as I had left it. It is a pleasant place, clean, tidy, full of houseplants. I thought to myself that a nice person must live here. The problem is noone ever sees it or me. I have been completely alone for the last year and a half after my partner decided to leave. She just walked away in silence. I was not expecting it. We had had our last conversation and no more was my voice heard. We had been together for 18 years. During that time however I had become isolated from my old friends and found it impossible to make new ones due to her jealous behaviour and incessant questioning. Abuse suffered during childhood made me compliant as I did not want conflict, and I did love her dearly.

So, here I am. I have no friends, my Mum has passed, haven't seen the ogre (my father) in 34 years. I am 53 years old. I have less than no money, and with social distancing and my current mental state a new companion seems a long way off. I can hang on for a few months perhaps but the future seems really grim. I spoke with my psychiatrist for an hour two days ago, and a psychiatric nurse for an hour yesterday. I haven't seem my counselor since January due to finances. I am so lonely, so depressed I am paralyzed. I don't want to do anything. I called two seperate crisis lines just minutes ago and due to the viral pandemic, service has been cut back as need has increased so I couldn't get through. I found this forum and felt compelled to share. I am not sure why. There isn't really anything anyone can say to make me feel better. I need human contact and I am not going to get it. I haven't touched anyone in a year and a half, and I haven't eaten a meal with company in that same time. It's a sunny day, and I don't want to take a tranquilizer and just sleep away my life, or unreasonable facsimile of a life as it may be. There you have it, well part of it. How to cope with this? I can feel the loneliness gnawing away at my physical and mental health. This was my second suicide attempt. Third time is the charm? Cheers, for what that is worth and if you read my story, thank you. It may well be all that I leave behind in this world.