Passively Suicidal(F 16) Alright, so I’m not entirely sure if this is the right subreddit to be posting on. I don’t want to take anything away from anyone posting on here, because I am aware I’m not severely at risk; however, I feel like I really need to get this off my chest. For many years I’ve had thoughts about dying and killing myself. Recently they have gotten a lot worse and I don’t know what to do. Specifically I keep feeling like I don’t like the way the world is and I keep having thoughts that suicide will be an inevitability for me at some point in the future. 

I get this feeling in two ways. The first and, in my opinion, less concerning way is that I clearly imagine that I’m going to commit suicide in my sometime in my adult life and that’s just my inevitable future. Some people imagine being married and having kids and I just imagine I’m going to kill myself. I just keep imagining that I’m not going to be able to handle living with idiots and injustices within the world anymore. The way the world is has become really scares me, and I can’t help but imagine it’s going to get worse from here. This idea stems from the fact that I am sort of a “truther”. I have this idea that the world will only get worse because I’ll have to be the one to deal with all the lying and manipulation that goes on. I won’t just be able to not think about it and let others handle the problems because simply I won’t be a child anymore and I’ll have to take responsibility. So within this train of suicidal ideation, I’m essentially planning for when the world inevitably goes to shit.

The second, and much scarier way these thoughts present is in the feeling that, as it currently stands, I have no more life to live, and that I’ve reached the peak of my existence and it can only go downhill from here. Part of this is my fears of what my future holds, as I’ve stated in the paragraph above; part of it is my own insecurities. 

For example, I was fat until around halfway through tenth grade and I was very unhappy with myself because of it. I finally had enough of feeling like shit, so I went on a diet and started exercising. Rapidly, I became half the size I was (quite seriously... I went from the larger side of CAD size 8 to the smaller side of a size 4). I also started putting major effort into my appearance where I never used to (ex. doing my hair everyday, not coming to school without makeup on, never wearing sweatpants in public, etc.). I thought I’d feel better about myself by doing this, but it’s made me feel worse. I used to not really care how I looked apart from being fat- but even then I didn’t care ‘til it got out of control. Now I’ve developed an incredible self-hatred that makes me feel like even my best isn’t good enough, but it also makes me feel like I need to keep pushing myself to be prettier and skinnier. This really isn’t helping my increasing thoughts of suicide. I’ve finally gotten to a place where I’m skinny and people tell me I’m pretty. 

What’s scary is, even apart from my own issues with myself, I can tell that this is the best I’m going to be able to do. I’m not going to be able to keep up with this forever and as soon as I let go even a little bit it will completely come crumbling down. I can’t get over the “peaked in high school mentality.” Part of my anxiety and certainty of suicide is that I feel like I’m missing my window to find lifelong friends and boys don’t seem to be interested in me. I’m setting myself up for a lonely life and I feel powerless to stop it. In this ideation, I feel like it would be best to die now and save myself the trouble of pain down the road. 

I haven’t told anyone I feel like this and I likely won’t tell anyone I actually know about this specifically because I’m worried I’ll get told that it’s not a serious problem. I also just feel vile even mentioning this because it’s not active suicidal tendencies, so there isn’t really a need to be worried; I also have a friend who is actively suicidal and has attempted before. I understand that I am a teenage girl, and that these feelings are just a natural part of life, but I can’t help but feel like my feelings transcend natural teen angst. The certainty I have with these thoughts is honestly alarming at this point, however, I also know I don’t want to hurt myself. I feel awful and I have no idea how to help myself.