Boyfriend Wants to Die Young... Really YoungHi all, 
I (20F) have been in a relationship for about 2 years with my boyfriend (20M), I’ve known him since primary school. 

From the beginning of our relationship he has expressed the desire to die young. I have heard people say they don’t want to live past 50, 40, maybe even 30. My BF, however, has told me he doesn’t want to live past 25. 

At first I thought he wasn’t serious, but as years pass, and he continues to express this, I realize that he is likely serious, and 5 years goes by faster than you might think. 

We’re both attending University now and I intend to attend graduate school, and I can’t imagine losing him at what is essentially the start of our careers and our lives. If I say something along those lines he says I’m selfish, that he shouldn’t have to be miserable for the rest of his life because of his attachments to friends and family. 

Is it selfish to want a future with someone who is apparently miserable deep down, for reasons that exist beyond the relationship?

He’s also expressed that he doesn’t want kids, which I’m okay with, but I hate to think that He doesn’t want kids because he doesn’t intend to live long enough to raise them. 

I don’t necessarily want to live to be old either, especially if I choose not to have children. I’ve watched elderly family members experience crippling health conditions including dementia and the thought of my body outliving my mind or vice versa is a deep fear of mine. 

So in a sense I can relate to him, but 25? Bluntly, I feel that (especially) if you don’t want to make extensive plans for success later in life you could live spontaneously for long past 25 and have a plethora of unique experiences or take risks. You could travel, see the world, take a shitload of drugs, I don’t know.

Overall he doesn’t engage in risky behavior or anything that would make you assume he doesn’t value his life. He doesn’t drink or dp drugs. He is in school. He has a great relationship with his family. Loads of artistic talent. From the outside, someone would think he’s got a lot to live for. 

I dealt with similar thoughts as a young teenager. I didn’t plan to live past 16 at one point. The year I turned 15 was one of my lowest if you can imagine. I hung out with an older crowd, abused alcohol, prescription meds, coke, etc. I struggled with an eating disorder and engaged in other forms of self harm. 

That year I made an attempt on my life by taking sleeping pills and drinking alcohol. I woke up in the middle of the night experiencing sleep paralysis. I thought I was dead. I thought that after you die, you were still fully conscious. For what felt like hours I thought about what it would be like when someone found me, at my funeral, if I was in the ground forever or cremated. It was intense. 

I was okay, puked and hallucinated for a couple days. After that things got better, not linearly, but I’m in college now and things are good. 

What I’m getting at is, I’ve been there, but I still don’t throughly understand. I love him dearly, and I promise that over these years I’ve tried to have in depth conversations about why he feels this way, but no matter how long the conversation goes on I’ve never gotten a real answer. I’ve  checked in to see if he was actively suicidal, and the answer has always been no. 

What I’m asking for is perhaps some perspective from people that may have felt this way before, or some guidance on having a very real conversation with him about this topic. 

Thank you.