Feeling... LostHello.  


I don't know if this is the right place, but I want to try and vent. I just hope none of my friends read this, because they will know who it is and they have been good to me (at least in their efforts and intents, within their means)  
I am feeling extremely lost in my life. More so than ever before. I have never been happy to be alive, not since I have had an understanding of that concept anyway. When I was younger I felt suicidal occasionally, but it passed. Always. I have just existed and accepted that I exist - whatever.

Now, I am in a low and it seems that I just keep falling further. I haven't had a 'win' in two years. Family deaths, ended relationships, injuries while trying to achieve things. Nothing.

Everything I have worked for has been absolutely zero worth. I used to have some direction, I even got an advanced degree to support that. In essence I was living my life for others, in an attempt to help and I had come to terms with that - all part of the accepting I exist. Not people so much, don't care about them in general\*, but the planet. But after two years I haven't found meaningful work in my field. I cannot understand why, as I never recive feedback on most of the triple figure worth of applications I have submitted. 

When I do get somewhere the feedback is somehow always net positive. I am fed up of explaining to people how that is not a good thing. I am fed up trying to improve on something where I am told there isn't much to improve. I am fed up having no 'success' (i don't care about money, and yes I am priviledged and aware I can say that without concerns).

I live with family. 'Temporarily'. They are simultaneously supportive and the least supportive and most toxic people I have ever faced. Sure I get to live here for free, which I truly appreciate. But that's where it ends. I get attacked, made to feel worthless and everything else on a daily basis. I don't think they even realise - emotional intelligence = 0. I am asked to help with things (not a problem!), but when I am busy or ask for a delay it's not good enough (massive problem). 'Drop everything, and do this for me.' Recently I agreed to help someone out, driving them somewhere. Scheduled my whole week around it. Application deadlines and other commitments in account - all scheduled out. Their prospective plans changed and I got yelled at and called inconsiderate when I asked to stick to the original arrangement as I would otherwise not be able to finish what I was doing in time (glad I stood my ground, as I interviewed - albeit unsuccesfully yet again).

This is where the worst part of the cycle begins. I did something else between my basic and advanced degree. It was ok for a while. I went back to my discipline as I had fresh motivation and a desire to return to the original plan. I swore to myself I wouldn't let myself fall back into mediocracy. I set the bar high, but at that point I felt ok. Not happy, but ok. Confident in my abilities and prospects. I said that the advanced degree would be a way back to the original intent, plan, whatever. I later set the post degree expectation low, any job that is justifyably degree related. I adjusted my degree expectations mid-way as shit started going wrong. I underperformed to my initial goals, but accepted that a range of personal life events and an injury made it harder. I accepted that I had still done objectively well - even if not as well as I had wanted. What I am saying is I have been generous with myself and gave myself every chance to 'succeed'.

And now, nothing. Nothing. Nothing has happened. My life has been at standstill. I volunteer with a bunch of places that are supposed to help me open doors. Nope. I am selling out my integrity in the process, as I hate volunteering (I enjoy the work I do, it's the premise I don't like) and despise that my discipline effectively needs it - it perpetuates the low salaries that sweep the industry, if the low bar for most work is free - not even minimum wage. As I said before, I don't care about the money - but some people desperately need it (again, I realise I am privileged in that sense) and this is becoming a tangent. Don't get me wrong, I am not wealthy per se but far from the breadline due to my family (and partially the aforementioned family deaths).  
When I consider doing 'something else' I end up not sleeping. Googling efficient ways to kill myself, feeling like I failed\*\*. Not failed to meet the high bar I set, but that I have failed to meet the extremely low revised goal. I have no hard preferences, except one. I don't care where it is (I mean, I do have a preference on where but not one that I am trying to enforce. If that makes sense), or what. As long as it specifically degree-related, however spuriously (I think that's reasonable, but maybe it's not. I might add that the common response to telling someone my discipline is surprise that I haven't found anything. It is supposed to be an employable area - albeit not a profitable one). Moving back into a retail/sales type position is the worst possible scenario in my head. I get it, it's important and I value and appreciate those who do it. But I cannot anymore. Stand there and smile, promising to look into an issue that a blind rat (I love rats actually) could see is one they caused themselves. Then reading reviews how you (unnamed, but you reconise their name and/or the situation afterall) were unhelpful, condescending and rude. Fuck that.  Rather be dead than deal with that shit on a daily basis again - I don't have the strength that other people do.

And here lies the problem. I mentioned at the beginning that I felt suicidal in my teens but it always passed. I used to think I had good mental strength. I could work through anything eventually - happily providing a shoulder for those who needed it as well. Gave me a purpose even, I suppose. I didn't mind. For a year now, I have avoided being the support person I was known for - or that I strived to be at least. I hate that, I cannot even be a friend to my friends - because all I want to do is rant and rave about how much I hate my life - more than ever before. Typing this I feel like an entitled shit, despite having worked hard for my 'achievements'. Now I am in this cycle of 'want to give up and kill myself', 'somehow get out of it', 'get another rejection with no information on what to improve', 'have another pointless series of fights with family' (I am in the early stages of this at the moment), 'start to lose hope', 'want to give up and kill myself'.  


Basically, it isn't passing - not for very long anyway. I wanted to post here a month ago, but somehow the account creation didn't really work the way I thought and I ended up moving on - but here I am now. I have no idea if this will help. I am actually afraid of reading the same copy/paste responses I hear all the time - assuming that people even want to respond. But I guess there is no harm in trying, hopefully before I hit the linking part of the cycle again. Before one time I fall that bit further I guess? Idk. I feel like I should be apologising for wasting time and space here now.  


So. Thank you for reading this, i guess.

&amp;#x200B;

\*I am not saying there aren't people I care for - but rather I am referring to humanity as a whole.  
\*\*this is how I know this place even exists  
