Basically summary of all my struggles and fears. (warning, long).Several years ago, I was just at a breaking point. I snapped. I had contemplated for months, but that evening it was just different. I left the party me and my family attended earlier and went home, put on my favorite piece of music and basically tried to make my piece with everything before committing to my attempt... I was raised in a religious family and I prayed for it to happen quickly, painless and foremost... to happen at all.
But it did not.
A few hours later my family came home and it woke me up. I knew my window has passed, I would not have the strength to do it with them meters away from me.
I was incredibly frustrated at first, but then, as it is my way, i thought everything through again and again. Over the next few months the fears that pushed me towards that moment had resolved, or at least they did not invoke the same panic as before.
I came to believe, the god I had prayed to to make it happen, held me back, kept me here for some reason. My relationship with my belief grew strong and a huge source of hope and strenght. And the song I listened to that evening, became a sort of hymn for said trust, since I believed he saved me that night.

Over the next months I recovered and grew more optimistic. I started to enjoy being with myself and my thoughts. Time to think felt like i could advance with all the problems I had and I would solve the dilemmas, in which I saw myself constantly, one after one.

One day I stumbled upon a piece of music and it touched me on a whole other level, never experienced before...
I swore myself: You will never listen to that song, until 1.: You find the one waiting for you. (yes I am some kind of superstitious weirdo, believing in god and „the one, true, love“) or... 2.: Should you EVER want to end your life yourself again.
That way, I would not be able to commit anything without remembering what I thought I was ultimately living and waiting for.

Up to this day, I have not listened to the song again. And it always has been a perfect hurdle for every suicidal thought, toppling them the moment they emerged from the subconscious... at least that is what it used to be.
For months I have lost a lot of the connection to my belief.
For months now I can not stand myself. Can not be alone with my own thoughts.
I can be happy temporarily, but as soon as the moment subsides an emptiness and a gnawing feeling takes its place.

One of the few things that can numb this are video games. I dont think of anything while playing, which is a perfect break from all the self loathing. But the amount of people, that can manage the same thing has decreased drastically... making the gaming all the more important.

I dont know, what happened, why I can not stand myself anymore.
I dont know why all my thoughts turned dark and void.
I dont know why my friends and loving family can not make me feel wanted.

I am not alone, more like the opposite, but I am incredibly lonely.
And for some time now, I have lost the energy to even play games.

My only refuge from myself is gone.

I am inching closer and closer to listening to the song... I want to hear it so badly. I crave someone who I can share my most inner nature with. Someone who will mend me, like in the stories. But I have almost given up.

The promise I gave my mother all the years ago, after I told her about the incident, does not feel binding anymore.
The god that saved me last time, might not be able to do it again.
The song is what keeps me alive at the moment I am afraid.

And I am afraid.
Terrified of what might happen should I snap again.
Put on the song again and live the bad ending of the story I thought out back then... not thinking the dark ending was possible. I was there to make the bright ending a triumph. Worth the wait.

I dont know when it might happen.
Or at all?
I think that is the reason why I wrote the post. To make it clear to myself. How close I am to the breaking point.

I am not that naive anymore. I do not have another attempt that will be spoiled by naive lack of knowledge of anatomy.

I am terrified and afraid. Not sure who to turn to. I do not know if or when it will happen. I cant connect to any of my family or friends for them to help me...

I hope I can find a solution, before my strenght breaks.