Why I’m so fucked up, for those of you wonderingI can’t take this anymore. My breathing makes me want to vomit, me living makes me want to vomit. Why was I born? I know I shouldn’t have been. I hate being alive. All it gets me is so many nights of crying and screaming because I’m truly alone. No matter how many people are around me, they don’t know how I truly am. 

Through my fake smiles is someone that doesn’t eat much of anything. That cuts themselves daily. Someone whose anxiety and depression controls their life. Someone who gets attached to ANYBODY that’s nice to them because it’s such a rare occurrence, even if I know that they’re just saying things. I still get attached because I’m used to constantly being told how I’m the problem and that I cause everything that’s wrong here.

I want to impale myself with a kitchen knife because it’s so easy to reach. I could do it right now without batting an eye. I’d smile the entire time. I could walk down the stairs, see whoever is in the kitchen. Go to the knife block, and pull out a knife. And just stab myself repeatedly and I’d be happy. Because I’d know that I’d be out of here soon.

If I’m such a problem, won’t they be glad to see me laying in a pool of the contents of my body? 

I’m so broken and battered and I just want to find some comfort. And yeah, I had that, in somebody. But they’re gone now. And now I have nothing except for my writing. And even that doesn’t help me, it relieves me for a second. I look down at what I wrote and it’s always a suicide note. It makes me giddy for spilling myself. But then I never do it. I swear to myself that next time I’m going to do it. The amount of times I’ve stood there. Knife tip pressed against my stomach. Is countless. But I assure you, next time will be the last. Because I’m fucking tired of living. 

Hehe, y’know. I wish I did it sooner, before I got hurt over and over again. Maybe I should’ve jumped in front of that passing truck, maybe I should’ve take a whole bottle of pills.. oh wait, I’ve already tried that.. maybe I should’ve hung myself from the tree in the backyard for everyone to see. Just to please them because I’m clearly not loved by own god damn family. I’m sure they’d rather see my hanging there than make sure I feel somewhat comfortable in MY OWN FUCKING SKIN.

The screaming never stops, whether it be my own screaming until my throat feels like collapsing or my family screaming at each other or.. 

just stop screaming at me.. I don’t like it, it hurts I hate it I don’t want it anymore I want to be alone but I’m never alone because my thoughts scream at me that I’m I’m worthless and that I should slit my throat. I need to be alone maybe then I’d be alright but I’ll never be alright because I can never be alone because my thoughts torment me night and day day and night and I’m sorry for being a worthless human being that can’t even kill themselves right I really should’ve been drowned as a baby then my family wouldn’t always scream at me then I wouldn’t have been touched by my cousin then I wouldn’t be worthless to everyone.. 

I want to fucking die, if somebody murdered me right now with my last breath in my lungs filling with blood I’d thank them.

I don’t even know why I’m writing here. I don’t want help.. I promise, I’m sure I want to stab myself. I don’t know.. 