Accused of sexual assault. I misunderstood the situation but I can't argue with this. It's not legal, it's entirely social. What's the point in continuing when everyone i care about will know.i moved to the city to be a performer. i work with a large number of other performers. one i hooked up with earlier this year, in the morning i initiated more fooling around, we did for a bit and she finally said "actually im not feeling into this." we stopped. i drove her to work. the next day she told me she felt uncomfortable with what we did that morning, that she didnt feel okay. we talked a lot about it and came to an agreement that it was a murky shitty situation we both didnt deal with properly. i feel very inexperienced sexually (she was my 4th person i'd ever been with ever) so i felt so bad i made her feel that way but we agreed it was a mistake. we hung out five more times and had a good time. i never once tried initiating again. we stopped hanging out as much when i began seeing someone else.

i just got out of a really bad relationship (with another performer) where my partner was abusing me by getting into really shitty fights where they would call me names, and then when i wanted to leave they would threaten to kill themselves. i have been in situations like this and it is the worst feeling. the feeling of being trapped, like you will be responsible if they do this. it made me want to kill myself. it's horrifying and it took a lot to stop talking to her and i still felt/feel tremendously guilty about leaving her even though it was right. its been like a day.

that ex just msgd me that the person i hooked up with told her "what you did" and that she thinks it's scary and i'm sick and that shes blocking me. i called my best friend (who lives with the person) and he told me she told him too and he can't think of it any other way: i sexually assaulted her. she clearly didnt want to have sex in the morning. he asked out of a collaborative piece we had planned and asked that we not be friends, at least for a while. i msgd the person to ask if she was okay and if i was still making her uncomfortable, just confused, just wondering whats happening, how could i have been so wrong about how she felt. she explained that today has been triggering enough and she'll talk to me tomorrow bc i clearly dont understand what ive done to her. i want to listen but im in a state of shock. its not a legal thing, its just the matter of her knowing everyone i know in this city, every performer i perform with. 

earlier in the week following in the news of ppl being ousted from their positions of power for being sexual creeps, a few performers were outed in the local scene. they will never work again in this city. they deserve everything they get. am i them? i am them. i can't be honest with myself and what i think without believing how she feels and letting everyone else hear it.

i work 7 days a week and i dont want to go in tomorrow. i have also stepped away from the collab piece. i don't want to perform at all ever. i want to drive for as long as possible and then walk for as long as possible and then just lie down on the ground. i cannot live in this city and do what i moved to this city to do if this is what is going to happen, if i am going to be known as a sexual assaulter. i have no friends who are not performers who live in this city. my mom and dad live 40 min away (maybe just move back in?) and if i move anywhere else to do this, the net of performers who know each other is wide and all-encompassing. i will never escape this. and i deserve it.

i feel unspeakably empty. i was indignant at first but now its just nothing. the hookup person agreed to meet tomorrow or the next day to talk about it bc she feels i dont understand what i did to her. clearly i do not. i want to listen, but what good will come of this? i won't convince her she feels differently. what, is she going to redact what she said? that's not going to happen. what is the point of doing anything? what is the point? what is the point in continuing like this??