22, college student, powerless, hopeless, restless. Fuck thisI wish it was easy to stay positive, but I just feel so overwhelmed that I just wish I could just close my eyes and not have to deal with this stuff anymore. 

I have a crazy ex who slashed my tires a couple of days ago, which I had to pay for out of pocket. $300. Gone. I know from a logical perspective that the relationship was just fucked and I was not the best version of myself in it, but I still care about her which is a big hurdle to jump over. Just lost my car keys and that was another $200. Gone. I'm busting my ass at the Cheesecake Factory for nothing and as a personal trainer at a local gym and taking 5 university credit classes trying to just barely pay my bills and finish my degree. I feel so overwhelmed and restless like I'm getting kicked in the teeth by life relentlessly. And I don't even have the energy to do things that I used to love doing, like working out (ironically) and making music. 

I have a great social group of friends but compounded with all of the other things I am doing, I feel like a rubber band being pulled in a thousand directions and I am chronically just living an illusion in my head. I am torn between the "safe route" and making music (it's hard to make money making music.)

I feel directionless like I don't know where I'll end up and it fucking terrifies me. My mom tells me to do what I want but I don't feel like she understands me after I explain myself, and she doesn't open up to me really, and my dad died 4 years ago. I just feel so alone and hopeless. I don't know what I can do to start feeling like myself again, ya know, enjoying life and not worrying about the million things I should be doing.

I feel like this is not sustainable and I am going to work myself to death, and the worst part is that I am 22 years old. Like I do not see myself living for another 5 years when I feel like I'm already fucking 45. Everyone else my age seems to have a direction with what they want and put together and is enjoying their youth 😞