My mom had an affair with my old soccer coach and it’s effects of our family have driven me to the point of suicidal urges.When I was in middle school (I’m 19 now)  I played on a soccer team coached by one of my moms old friends from high school (same high school I graduated from a little over a year ago). From 5th grade to 8th grade she always signed me up on his team specifically . She always called herself his “assistant coach.” My mom doesn’t have very many hobbies or interests, and generally hates anything fun. But for some reason she just fucking loved soccer. Over those years playing on the team, I became friends with the coaches son. He’d come over to my house and we’d playing video games every few weeks. I never disliked my coach, he was pretty cool for the most part. 

It wasn’t until 9th or 10th grade that I found out my mom had been sleeping with him. I don’t know when the affair started or ended, but it happened. I was a naïve middle schooler at the time, so the thought never crossed my mind. For as long as I can remember, my parents always butted heads. But around this time I noticed the arguments were more frequent and intense. They were downstairs in the den one night and I couldn’t focus on homework cause of the yelling. Since I was nosy, I sat at the top of the steps and listened to the argument. I can recall my dad saying things like “...Oh really? So you went and got lunch with him on his birthday.... then what happened?!”  And something about her getting drunk and sucking his dick. I could hear my mom sobbing the whole time and telling him to keep his voice down so my brother and I wouldn’t hear, but it was clear he didn’t give a fuck. My mom then had the audacity to reply to one of his comments by saying “well why don’t I just drive out to town and meet up with my boyfriend and fuck his brains out.” 

I’m in my second year of college still living at home with them and they still fight about it. Well, not a fight, more like a verbal assault on my mom. Basically the whole “IT HAPPENED YEARS AGO” and the response being “IT DOESNT MEAN IT DIDNT HAPPEN.” The more time passed, the worse things got. My dad was going to see a friend in DC one weekend, and he jokingly said, “DCs pretty dangerous you know, this might be the last time you ever see me.” To which my mom said “maybe that’s a good thing.” And after that, my dad shook the whole house screaming at her. That stuck with me. I couldn’t believe my mom could say something like that. 

The real kicker is this: my mom left her laptop on the kitchen table while she was at work one day. I opened it to see if I could find any solid proof. Man was this a mistake..... I read Facebook messages between the two. It seemed like they were fantasizing about leaving and starting a new life together. My mom talked about dropping everything to be with him. I was destroyed. I didn’t know my own mother could ever consider abandoning her children and family. I felt empty, I felt like a burden in my moms life that she was waiting for a reason to get rid of. 

My dad is a good man, but not a good husband to my mom. They both had really bad upbringings.  My moms side has a extensive history of mental illness which has always been apart of her. My dads father was emotionally unavailable and he would often emotionally neglect/abuse his mom, which is how I view my parents marriage. His sister was also stabbed to death in her apartment one night after someone was robbing her when he was in his 20’s (59 now). Life dealt them shitty cards. So you can see why they are bitter people. My dad always talks about his relationship with his father and how much he doesn’t want to be him. But from what he’s described, he’s a lot more like him than he thinks. He’s arrogant, condescending and asocial. Can’t look past his own dick most of the time. I guess him acting like his dad towards my mom and his refusal to recognize his own flaws made my mom feel unloved by him, so she found it somewhere else.

They are still married, but only for financial reasons. Being cause between two bickering adults takes a toll on your self-esteem, libido, and basically anything that has to do with the perception of yourself. I’m super insecure and shy. I feel like no one thinks I’m important.

The older I get, the more similar I am to my dad. It’s something I think about constantly. I don’t want to be like my dad whatsoever. My mom always says things like “don’t grow up like your father and get mad at every little thing.” Those comments really fuck me up, because people who are married are ideally supposed to at least like each other. I’m worried that I’m gonna become my dad when I’m married and my innate personality will drive my wife to cheat on me. This is already evident in my own life. I’ve dated only one girl ever. I was a senior and she was a sophomore. I had never had a girlfriend, and my dad never taught me anything about how to treat women. At first I was gonna hit it and quit it cause I was still a virgin at the time, but she had other plans. We talked for like 2 months before I asked her to be my girlfriend. I was embarrassed by her because of her age and how my friends would make fun of me. So I kept it as secretive as I could. Everyone know we dated, but it was evident it was a mainly one sided relationship. I never showed her off, never posted snapchats/instagrams with her, just tried my best to keep her in the dark. I always fantasized about the day we were to break up just cause of how miserable I was with her. Two days before our one year, she broke up with me. And guess what, I was still miserable, even more so. She told me I treated her like shit, and that I blamed her for all my problems when in reality my biggest enemy is myself. 
 
It’s okay, I hate myself too. 

She’s absolutely right. I treated her like shit. I handled that relationship the same way my parents handle theirs. I didn’t recognize this while we were dating. and after thinking about it over and over has made me realize that the way you treat your significant other says a lot about how you view yourself.


I’ve developed horrible anxiety and depression over the last 5 or so years because my parents situation and conflicting inner thoughts. I have seriously been suicidal for the past 6 months. I don’t know how much I can take. Although it’s welcome, I’m not seeking advice, I’m just writing this to drain some of my inner turmoil. 

TL;DR
My home is been broken because of my moms actions. My dad has become bitter and depressed. Watching our family deteriorate has made me pessimistic and angry. My biggest fear in life is to end up with a marriage like theirs. All signs point to it happening. So what’s the point in even trying....