I've never been this close before.I don't really know where I'm supposed to post something like this but I need to get it off my chest. I've had a long battle with depression and anxiety, despite only being 16. It's quite probable that I was born with the illnesses rather than developing them over time. I don't think I've really come this close to suicide since I was 12, but I've finally reached the end of the line. There is no light at the end of my tunnel, just more darkness. My friends don't care about me, I'm just another person to talk to, not really a second choice but maybe a fourth or fifth choice on a good day, but most days I'm the last choice, to the point that I'm not a choice. I was talking to my friend today and I told him I think I might finally kill myself, which he responded "nice joke." At this point, people don't even believe me because I've jokingly said I'm going to kill myself for so long, and maybe it's better that way, maybe nobody will stop me. It was last night that I realized that I had to do it soon and today I realized that I lost the most important person in my life, probably for good. I stayed after for an extracurricular at school. I was so upset that I just sat in a seat and cried for an entire hour. None of the people that claim to care about me tried to comfort me, and the one person that did try didn't even know me, so you know they just feel obligated to help. About 20 minutes ago, my dad asked what I plan to do after high school and I said die. He scolded me for "not answering seriously," but little does he know that is my plan if I don't kill myself within the next few weeks. I'm just letting it sink in that I might actually do it this time and it just feels wrong to type all this and share my story but it doesn't feel right to stay. Why would I stay in a world where nobody genuinely cares about me, where nobody even loves me? The worst part is I want to tell someone, I want someone to stop me and tell me that I shouldn't do it and prove they actually care, but there is no one left, so I am sharing with strangers on Reddit.