It’s been 4yrsI’m 21m now but it’s been 4 years since hs and I cant stop feeling guilty and pathetic for losing myself over  a female and or weed drank etc. I wake up everyday with the same ideation. why?now this is the longest stretch I been sober and I realiize that if you have an addiction your reality is a illusion until your sober and self awareness returns your happiness is fake.i went thru rehab even tho I stopped all substance addiction but I’m stuck addicted to ruminating.i can’t forgive all the dumb shit I did,reacted to ,never noticed ,never focused on. I had ambition n focus.attractive socially capable  but I threw it out the window unknowingly.i went from being confident to  self conscious anxiety depression still have it all n I feel like I been carrying it for way to long .i havent made any progress actually I regressed.its just sad to me and to see that nothing was worth this.like the smoking everyday with so called friends. Drinking before school.bad shroom trips .bullshit hs relationship  tht kept me back.i was a cool dude not this loser depressed person. It’s just depressing to know how much potential I wasted on focusing on these irrelevant things n worse making them the centers of my happiness. Instead of making me the center of happiness. I feel like it gets harder each day to just lift your head up put focus on yourself n enjoy life wen your spirit is feeling the opposite. Life really has been ass since hs time flys. And regrets stack.im lonely I feel isolated introverted because of drug induced  insecurity social anxiety.dying has been on my mind for so long . I have access to a gun put it up to my head a couple times in my mouth couple times. I guess the only thing keeping me here is asking myself what’s it worth? Can’t wait till I give no fucks .theres people that have it worse fasho but at least there happy being them once you get into the habit of finding every reason to hate yourself ,to hate your life  its hard to be happy in life from my experience Thts what makes suicide so tempting.