For people who are suicidal (and people who are not depressed)I’m not really sure where to begin with it. A couple months ago one of my closest and oldest friends committed suicide. He was always so happy all the time and very sensitive, loved by many. It has been really hard to process it. I feel extremely frustrated, sad and at the same time I’m angry at him. The whole situation was kind of f\*cked up after all, because of the distance and I could only give my support mostly through social media through his darkest times. It feels so unfair that I couldn’t save him, while he helped me when I was having a hard time. I hope he rests in peace. Life is so f\*cking unfair sometimes. 

I was struggling with depression since I was a little kid to my early 20s. I have never really been open about my depression to anyone. First time I told someone that I wanted to kill myself I was 9, and no one didn’t do anything about it. A couple times during my darkest years, I have told a several times that I wanted to kill myself. People have only looked in disgust, ignored me and thought I was only joking.

I have never been to therapy or eaten any depression pills, reason for it is because I’m born in a family where they see this as a weakness. And I don’t want to be weak, I’m not a quitter. I’m kind of glad for it, and at the same time I’m not. I’ve never received any emotional support from my parents, they’ve only told me that I was just being lazy and overdramatic. I barely passed high school, because I couldn’t get off the bed, I almost cried every night and it just got worse after someone important died in my life, when I was 15 years old. My depression got worse after it, I lost a lot of weight, insomnia, I lost interest in everything and I never smiled, even strangers started to notice it. I was so tired of life at that point, I felt so numb. I felt like the loneliest person in the whole wide world. I started to do a lot of drugs, and this kept going until I was 20. I just didn’t care anymore, I was very impulsive and did a lot of stupid things, which I don’t regret. After crashing my dad’s car with a lot of drugs involved, during that moment I realised I just didn’t want to feel this way anymore and I don’t want to be a f\*ck up. I guess that was my “spiritual awakening”. It feels stupid to say it, but it’s true.

I graduated upper secondary school that year, applied to university (I got in, even with my shitty grades), I cutted off all people that I felt were toxic to my life and started to read a lot of self development stuff. Last year I started different hobbies and I became a dog foster parent. 

I’m at peace with myself, no matter what. I still have bad episodes sometimes, but I have learned how to deal with them. I accept what I feel and I understand much better now why I feel they way I feel. Depression is a curse, and a blessing. It’s all in your head, even if it’s chemicals and genetics. You’re in control of your own mind.

I wished I could take away all the pain and darkness from others, but I can’t. It makes me really sad, that so many people are suicidal.

It’s not easy. The thing is that no matter how pointless it feels like at the moment, just don’t give up on life.

There are people who care deeply about you, even if you don’t notice it. I care.

**For people who are not depressed:**

What bothers me a lot that people do not take depression seriously enough. Please, if you know anyone that is depressed and they’re open about it, do not ignore them or just tell them to get over it. Even promises won’t help. Listen to them, support them and cherish them. Be there for them, even when they don’t want to be near anyone. You won’t regret it.

Sorry for my poor grammar, English is not my first language (and pardon my French).