It's never logical, just an impulseI'd like to apologize for any spelling or grammatical errors in advance - while I'm typically meticulous about them, it took several beers to get the courage to post this.

So, to set the scene, I've struggled with depression, and a long time ago, when I was in maybe fifth grade, I kind of accepted the fact that one day I was just going to kill myself. I just couldn't see my life going any other way.

That being said, I don't *want* to do it now, in any sort of logical capacity, though I did then. I enjoy doing things and being alive, and I don't really want to stop doing that any time soon. But every once in a while, there's just a voice in my head that goes, "Just kill yourself, it would be so much easier."

It almost feels like a nerve firing. The same way your finger hurts when you prick it with a pin, or the way you get excited when you see an an attractive member of the opposite sex, or like an itch that I can only scratch by eating the muzzle of a gun. It feels like it's coming out of my subconscious.

It gets a lot more frequent whenever I'm reminded of something stupid I've done, a misstep with a girl in high school, or a bad call at work, or when I got in a fight with a friend. [Stuff like this](http://nedroid.com/2011/01/memories-of-youth/). I say more frequent, because it always seems like it's the same volume. But when I think about this kind of stuff, it fires every few moments, the same way a charlie horse spams your brain with pain signals - when I don't think about this stuff, it's maybe once every other day I'll randomly just get a "just blow your fucking brains out" in the back of my mind.

It's really weird, because I know that I've changed from the kid who accepted the inevitability of suicide, and the teenager who had no idea what he was doing (what teenager does?). I have a pretty good job, for retail. I've got the cash to go back to college. I'm happy where I'm at - not content, but I'm happy. I'm on track to improve my station in life. Things are lining up to get a lot better for me.

So why do I still get this weirdo trigger to slash my wrists and be done with it?

