I've been passively suicidal for 6 months. At this point, it doesn't ever stop.Hi all.

So... there's not too much to say. I have some hardcore ennui going on. I have no faith that I'll ever have the things I want and honestly I only feel hopeful when I think about dying.

For a while the love I have for my friends (great people) would punctuate things. A good day of hanging out could carry my mood for a while. But at this point I feel constantly distracted. Good cheer doesn't make it stop, good sex doesnt make it stop. I just wanna go home, lie in bed nice and comfy like, and daydream about finding out I have a terminal illness or getting shot in some anonymous ally. I use to daydream about falling in love or being a scientist. But that sort of thing just... I dunno, I just feel bored and over it.

I don't even cry anymore. I'm just really numb. I get some giggles from watching my pets, but... I mean what the hell is that worth? Man, laughter seems like a way to staunch the bleed more than a path towards healing.

I try so hard to engage in some thought exercises. I try to reframe my life. I try to tell myself what I'm grateful for. But it never works. In truth, I'm not grateful. Joy is absent, laughter is fleeting, and if anything my loved ones are beginning to feel like chains. They're the only reason I haven't done it sooner, and at this point... I kinda just want to be free to do what I want. I don't want to give a shit after how they'll be affected. I'm chained to a life with no meaning and no hope just to delay the suffering of grown adults who will eventually experience loss anyway. 

I'm just so tired. I'm tired, and I'm hopeless, and I just want to stop. I did my time ffs.

Edit: I think the point of this post is that I'm beginning to realize this is getting worse and I'm feeling pretty alarmed over it. I've tried therapy twice, and meds but this is still happening to me because I'm having issues finding meaning. Does anyone have an idea of where to start?