Starting to feel like there is no way out and feeling guilty that I think that wayI've always viewed suicide as something someone does when they aren't serious about doing it and just want attention. I'm starting to understand though that it comes in phases, and I'm really feeling at times like I don't want to be here anymore.

I went to school for six years for a four year degree. I kept changing majors thinking like every ignorant college student does "Oh, companies are gonna want me the moment I graduate". During this time I made poor decision, racked up credit card debt, bought a motorcycle, etc.

When I graduated, I realized that getting a job wasn't easy. I'm currently working the same job I did in high school making just a little more than I was then. As I began to fall behind in payments on everything, I took out loans from my parents. As I tried to make payments on those, I started falling behind again, and now my interest rates are outrageous.

If I keep making minimum payments, I'll never get out on top. I feel like I'm fighting a losing battle here and I'm beginning to question why bother. I'm also lonely and I have no money to go out and do anything for the sake of being responsible.

Currently I'm about $40,000 in debt, with 30% interest on about 10,000 of that. The other $30,000 is student loans. I don't want to screw my parents over so I'm trying to pay back their loans. I live alone and I'm cold because I'm missing a wall (been working on repairing a crappy single wide trailer, don't have to pay rent on this place). Also, my crappy little job has started cutting my hours so I'm getting even LESS money, but every job I've applied for has said I'm either underqualified or overqualified. I've got several computer certifications and I graduated at the top of my program in college, I don't understand why things are so hard. 

To top it off, every time I start feeling bad for myself, I get guilty because I realize there are people with far worse situations with mine and that makes me feel worse.

TLDR; I'm depressed. I have enormous debt with seemingly no way out. I've applied for close to 100 jobs in the past 5 months and I'm tired of being rejected. I don't know what to do