Reddit, What the fuck happened to me? --crosspost with AskReddit Ok, this is going to be hard to write, so forgive me if my sentence structure is erratic; this is definitely going to be a rant. A few years ago, I attempted suicide by firearm. I sat in a dark room with an already loaded pistol, and after a lot of crying and shaking, during which I had cocked the gun, I pushed it into my skull and pulled the trigger. I heard a clink and noticed that the bullet had ejected rather than enter the barrel properly, so I assume that it failed to fully cock because of my shaking hands. I just sat there for a moment in utter disbelief that the gun refused to kill me, then picked up the bullet and returned the gun to its original place so no one would suspect anything. I was in high school at the time, and since then (and to this day) I suffer from MDD as well as general anxiety which often manifests as obsessive-compulsive tendencies as well as fear. Ever since then, however, I have been living in a strange state (both on and off medication) of something really hard to describe. It's like that bullet took a part of me with it which made me orderly and normal. It's not that I stopped caring about things, I just became very impulsive and developed a don't-give-a-fuck attitude towards everything. The only comparison I can make is to the popular depiction of Nihilism where a void of purpose exists, and this makes it difficult to get out of bed every morning, much less care about a future where I just sit and let myself starve one day, although the feeling is nothing compared to what I felt before attempting suicide. I just move through time waiting for something to happen, even if it's just the most insignificant change in my life. Most recently, I dropped out of University life (was a freshman, and made the choice in a matter of weeks) in favor of moving half-way around the world, since my motivation was bouncing off the ground. Now I feel as if this is a permanent comatose that I can look forward to every morning.

This is in opposition to how I mostly felt before my attempt, which is the "what the fuck?" aspect. Before, I was in the worst psychological pain I thought a human being could ever feel. Now, I'm a pseudo-zombie (I really don't know what other word to use) and I have no explanation why, even with my limited psychology education. Is this a common occurrence? I've had other near-death experiences before, but I don't really think of them much, so I don't know if being a near-death experience is enough. So, yeah. I'm just gonna... step outside for now...

On another note, I always thought it odd how people could fail to kill themselves with a bullet to the head, but now I see how things could come out so wrong. Or right, if you prefer.

TL;DR: I had sex for a week straight with a blazing redhead and now I'm sitting in a burn ward waiting for skin grafts while that woman is giving birth to a grizzly bear. Should have gone with the less combustible blond, maybe?

TL;DR V2: I'm a human being with emotions and problems which cannot be described via a TL;DR. Well, maybe they can, but you won't get the context, and that bothers me if you have even a micron of interest.