Losing battle with anxiety.I've been fighting a battle to get my severe anxiety symptoms under control.  It started with a visit to the doctor about 2 months ago.  Then I was prescribed pills.  Then I had a suicidal, psychotic break.  Then I was committed to a mental institution for a day.  Then I returned to work the next day and arranged a 2-week leave of absence.  I've been seeing a psychiatrist 2-3 times a week for the past month and I'm trying to resolve my issues through behavioral therapy rather than SSRIs.

I tried my hardest to get back on track with work last week.  The work stress ramped up again and by Friday night I was a wreck.  I spent the entire weekend in a suicidal, angry state.  My job is stressful but it's a field with amazing potential if dedicate myself to it, and I don't want to derail myself from that track.

This morning I woke up have been overwhelmed by dry heaving ever since.  It's my worst physical anxiety symptom, and it's been one of the worst parts of my life for the past 2 years.  I become paralyzed throwing up, but nothing comes out.  I've been going in an out of meetings while dry heaving and trembling in between.  When I go into meetings, enough adrenaline kicks in to keep my body in the zone, so I don't dry heave in those situations.  But it's killing me.  Hiding it is killing me.  Pretending to be strong and fine is killing me.

I think the dry heaving produces endorphins.  I think I'm addicted to those endorphins to get barely enough focus and function to get back on track.

I can't afford to let my coworkers know that I'm continuing to have anxiety problems.  My career is everything to me.  At this point, after already using a leave of absence, I need to tackle the anxiety problems privately going forward to retain the job.

I have no friends and I'm going to be 30 in a few months.  I'm a recovering codependent.  I had some different counseling last year which revealed to me that almost all of my relationships were toxic.  I used to be a stereotypical "nice guy" but now I'm a just a confused asshole.  I don't have the required social skills to jibe with how I've had to reinvent myself.

All I can think about is killing myself.  I keep saying it more and more.  The words "I want to kill myself" seem to compulsively project from my mouth hundreds of times a day when I'm alone.  I can't get it under control.

All weekend I kept writing insane rants on this subreddit.  Either I'd delete them immediately or not post them.  I keep crying for help in different ways.  Some seem rational, and some seem insane.  This is one of the rational ones.