Need advice on how to help my suicidal friend(16M).Hi, I'll be using made up names to try and not confuse anyone reading.Thanks :) 

A friend of mine named Chris began having suicidal thoughts and started self-harming, when he found out that his ex-friend was flirting with his girlfriend and talking behind his back. 

So it all began, when Chris made a joke about Dylan and sent a picture of him to a bunch of friends. That's when they started drifting apart. Dylan would always talk behind Chris's back after that, putting him down and making fun of his depression. I talked to Chris on the day he had planned to commit suicide, since I didn't know what was going on between the two, until Chris sent me a suicide text.

He calmed down and decided that suicide wasn't the right option after our talk. I also found out that he had told Dylan's ex that he was a fuckboy in retaliation.  

Chris is also a child of divorce and is in a dysfunctional family environment. He isn't being physically abused, but his mother wasn't there for him emotionally whenever he needed her. 

The harassment from Dylan was basically, just him making fun of Chris and his depression, which influenced his group of friends to do the same thing. He's been called out a few times by some people within the group, but besides just a, "Hey that's not nice." That's about it. I guess you could call me a coward for never sticking up for Chris. I'm just timid and have social anxiety but that's not an excuse...  

I've personally had my glasses taken without my permission and the frame broken, because of a 'joke' by Dylan. I guess looking at this now, he's a bully disguised as my friend... 

Anyways, just a few days ago, Chris texted me saying how he was going to end it all again, because his girlfriend had broken up with him, supposedly the only thing in the world that made him happy. Chris started cutting and Dylan started making fun of his cuts.

I talked to Chris again and comforted him. I also learnt that his girlfriend chose to broke up with him because she was talking to Dylan despite, Chris asking her not to, because he's someone that's been harassing him. She then claimed that Chris was controlling her and that was the end of their relationship. 

They're going to start dating again and I've been warning him that she might not be the best person to be with and that we don't necessarily know what love really is since we're so young. Chris's girlfriend is also a controlling person, at least that's what I've heard. 

So I guess my question is, What should I do? I've asked him a few times to see a professional, but he claims that it doesn't help and seems hesitant to seek help. 

I'm also sorry if my grammar or some of my sentences don't make sense. I'm just tired since it's late and have been anxious. Thanks!     