I can’t go on any longer, I’m afraid to try. I’m a mother. I have no where to turn. So I came here. Everyone says to find support within your family and relationships? What if you don’t have that? I’m honestly terrified. I think about self harm any time I get minutely upset. I take great care of my daughter, but I know she would be way more stimulated with a parent who doesn’t desire death. 

 I have a SO, but they don’t understand. We don’t talk about it, because it leads to arguments and judgment. So, I have to keep my emotions to myself. Because I’m heartless for not considering what everyone else is going through. I’ve been so deeply depressed that I consider suicide quite often, hoping it would leave everyone free of me and my worthlessness. I’ve tried therapy and nothing has helped, no meds have made things better, I just sleep consistently. “Go get help” appointments are so far out, expensive, or the quality isn’t here because you’re insurance isn’t good enough. I have no option to work because childcare is too expensive, I don’t have many friends, and I don’t leave the house unless it’s for necessities. I feel as though I’m going to have a break, and I’m afraid. I can’t handle myself anymore. I’m alone for the majority of my time, and conversation when is here, is very sparse and unrelated. No one takes me seriously when I say, that I truly, wish I was dead. 

 I’m afraid I will hurt myself. I’ve made many attempts, more than one nearly fatal. I continue to wonder why I won’t die. It’s pathetic of me to reach out and ask for something here. I’ve been told that I’m selfish asking for help, that it’s a burden on others for the childcare I would need, maybe two or three times a month, depending. Daycare in my area is insanely priced. I have never once neglected my daughter and I always put her before me. But my constant loneliness, lack of communication, help, and friends, has really taken a huge toll on me. To the point I know I’m no longer the woman I tried so hard to be. 

 I feel empty and alone. Consistently afraid of what’s going to come next, who’s going to leave, who’s going to push me down. I don’t know where to turn. I don’t even know my point of this post. Other than I’m afraid. Since I was 11 I have felt this way, and it has only gradually gotten worse. For twelve years I have been scared, hurt myself, and prayed I won’t make it until 30. 

 I’ve been through an insane amount in my few years of life, and I wish some of it would’ve taken my life, and the majority of it could have. I want my daughter to have a mother who can focus on her, and not the mental illness that plagues her life. I’m a good person, I try to be. I help when I can. I’m religious, I follow and pray to the lord. But I am forever alone. 

 I’m afraid I’m going to hurt myself badly, or end up in a casket. I feel I almost need inpatient services..but I’m afraid to ask anymore. I’m afraid to ask anyone else for help. 

What if no one hears me? Is this it? Am I doomed to never get the help I need? 

 I just want it all to end.