constant meltdownsHello. I'm Angela. I'm currently 22 years old, and I've never been diagnosed of depression, nor do I claim to have one. But I do say I *feel* depressed when "sad" isn't enough to speak of how I feel.

I'm already at the edge of my sanity. This week I have constant meltdowns and I can't stop crying. I wake up, I try to eat, then I fall into a daydream of how am I gonna kill myself. I've had a suicide attempt years ago because I'm tired of getting constantly bullied. I've reached for help, but I got belittled or made fun of. They told me to get closer to God and pray more often, but it did not help me in anyway. I tried to be religious, but I just realized how ridiculous it is praying to something that can't even wrap it's arms around me and tell me *it's okay.* I've tried to reach out countless of times... To a point where I don't even want to try anymore.

I've always get dreams and nightmares of killing myself. There are lots of dreams where I'm already dead, and I'm watching over my family, my friends, me trying to hug someone, visiting my own grave, etc. I've also had nightmares of being buried alive, or some sort of horrifying entity is trying to kill me and tell me I don't deserve to live. 2 years ago (2017), I've had dreams about killing myself at 27. I thought it was a sign that I'm not gonna go past the age 27. Looking at that number gives me chills, specially when I've finally quit the thoughts of suicide.

&gt;!I've met someone who cared so much. He stopped me from killing myself 3 years ago (2016) and have taken care of me since. But he's gone now, and nothing else really matters :)!&lt;

I've started this day today with breakfast, coffee, a cigarette stick, and thoughts about the people I should write notes to. Tears drop down to my chin but the thought of it, disappearing, still feels as amazing as I first thought it was. But I know it's wrong. And I finally get what the 27 means. I won't make it to age 27, because it's not an age, but a countdown. A timer.

But I'm not afraid. And I think I'm ready to go. Sorry for burdening all of you to read this crap, I just needed to get this out somewhere off of my chest before I actually die.