Little bit of a rant, everything is falling apart if it hasn’t fallen apart already.Im not gonna be able to go to uni in america cause its so fucking expensive 
I hate living in london, i hate the uk, I’ve got so many shitty bad memories here and i don’t want to go uni here
I want to leave home when im 18 and i want to cut my family off but i know im gonna be financially unstable. 
I feel unsafe at home and my dad scares me, i wrote a post about stuff that have happened previously on reddit so after i finish this post i’ll provide a link to that post 
My family are homophobic and extremely religious muslims and im not straight and im not muslim
My whole family are going to mecca (including me) in 7 days for a fucking religious pilgrimage and i’ll be there for two weeks - in saudi arabia where the shitty government are so extreme and block so many websites and track what you do on the internet so I’m gonna have to put up a religious façade 
I have unstable relationships at school, i don’t have many people to talk to, I’m so demotivated at school and i’m not even doing any homework, i barely take notes in class, i don’t do what i used to enjoy cause im so demotivated 
My anxiety is acting up and my hairs been falling out so much i’ll probably lose the only feature people have been complimenting me on for the past 13 years, therefore yay! I didn’t even elaborate much on the other post about these insecurities but fucks sake, I’ve been insecure about my vitiligo since i started pre school all throughout primary and secondary school because people bullied me when they saw my neck was white which contrasted against my natural brown skin tone. Then when im 13 my hair decides to fucking start thinning and now i’m 16 and literally all my hair has receded from my temples and now hair is falling out from the centre of my head. Two years ago people at school started pointing out my hair loss, saying it looked worse than the shitty mcdonalds sign and then everyone would approach me telling me about how my hairline’s getting worse, how my face will look weird once i’m bald and all that and even if they didn’t have anything negative to say I’d still be insecure cause thats literally what I’ve always been. I walk on the streets and i always end up looking down cause so many other guys look better than me and i literally feel disgusted with myself when i look at them and i dont want them to notice me. Im self conscious all the fucking time, i take the train to school and its always busy and people stand so close to me they can see all my features. I see so many attractive guys in school and i wish i looked like that and i know they know they’re good looking and that they look down on me. It’s hard to imagine thatI will become uglier than i already am once i gather the courage to shave off the shitty pathetic excuse of hair that i have. Oh and lets not forget, my shitty vitiligo has decided to spread again and by the time i’m 30 i’ll be half brown half white(:
Life is fucking great. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/83hvbc/suicidal_thoughts_been_crossing_my_mind_since_i/