How I feelI honestly don’t know where to begin, how to phrase it and why I have to write it. I am sick. I don’t know where these feelings come from or how to get rid of them. I have the most supportive and loving family and friends that anyone could ask for.  They are far, far better than I deserve. I have a brother who I am so proud of. He is everything I wish I could be and it is impossible for me to love him more. He has always been supportive and caring, always been by my side and I only wish that I could return the favour. My parents are the two most amazing people I have ever met. They are the most generous and loving people I could have ever asked to meet. Regardless of how many times I have fallen down, how many mistakes and bad decisions I have made, they have always been there to pick me up and support me through whatever situation I am in. It is by far the thing I feel most terrible about. They have given me everything, their love, support and all that any child could ask for and I have been nothing more than a burden on them. I no longer wish to be that burden.  I am the exact opposite of what a child such amazing people deserve. It feels like my entire life has been spent running away and avoiding anything that even resembles a responsibility.  This pathetic state of affairs is completely my own fault. I have done this all to myself. As to why I have done such a shit job of being a normal, functional human…  I have no answer.
 I spend most of my life daydreaming of being someone else, somewhere else. I just can’t bare the disgust I feel at being myself. I am a complete waste of effort. I wish someone else could have had everything that was given to me; maybe they would have done a better job of not fucking it up. There is no recovery. No window of escape. No opportunity to rectify. I have officially done everything possible to ruin the life, love and opportunities given to me. I have trouble hating other people, I am not easily angered and I feel no lasting ill will towards anyone I can think of, except myself. I am repulsed by myself. I struggle to breathe, the constant failure to improve myself or become anyone of worth weighs so heavily on me that I feel ready to collapse at any moment. 
Although I feel no particular affinity towards any religion there is a story I heard while in chapel one day that seems applicable. A man heard that a terrible storm was approaching. He was told that the chance a flood would occur was not merely possible but that it was probable. Other people, upon hearing of the flooding chose to leave and seek safety and refuge somewhere else until the storm had passed. The man chose to stay, saying “God will protect me from the flood”. When the storm hit and the area became flooded, a boat passed by with people asking him if he wished to join them and escape the flood. The man once again put his faith in the Lord, saying “God will protect me from the flood”. The flood raged on for days upon days, the man ran out of food and had no water left to drink and then again a boat appeared with rescuers pleading with him to join them so they could take him to safety. For the third time the man refused, saying “God will protect me from the storm”. Finally the man died before the flood had passed. Appearing in the afterlife the man says to God “Lord, why did you forsake me? I put my faith in you and still you let me die in the flood”. God replies, “I warned you of the flood and sent two boats to rescue you, it is you who turned away from what I sent to aid you”. 
I am like that man. I have spent my whole life refusing any offer of help or chance given to me to take charge, make my own decisions and be my own saviour, instead I lived in a delusion that somehow I would be saved by someone or something else. That somehow everything would work out regardless of my own input or effort. Objectively I am aware of that fact. However, again and again, whenever an opportunity arose for me to save myself, I curled up, surrendered and did nothing. 
