I hope this is okThis subreddit was mentioned to me on another comment I made and I guess I'm not really sure if this is a good idea because I almost always feel like I'm annoying people and even now I'm not really sure if this belongs here. I'm just going to copy and paste my comment that the person responded to.. hopefully that's ok:

*[...] was molested as a child by day care sitter, family doesn't really talk about it at all. I've tried telling parents but they dont want to hear it. I'm 19 now so I don't try anymore, I just have to pretend it never happened basically. Cut myself from ages 11-17, I still get flashbacks from being touched in certain areas (around my stomach or thighs) some days are hell to get through and i just feel like killing myself is the only way out because everyone around me just wants to pretend it didn't happen. when people act like its something shameful that shouldn't be brought up, you feel like a burden, like it was your fault it even happened in the first place because now everyone else has to actively suppress this terrible thing because they don't want to think about it. hiding it and not talking about it is the worst thing in the world, it can seriously destroy you from the outside in.*

Its just kind of weird because I feel paradoxically like I wish I could talk to someone about everything but now that I have the opportunity right here I don't even know what I would want to say. Sometimes I just feel like I don't want to do anything. I spend literally the entire day on the computer just refreshing the same few sites, distracting myself with music or video games or movies because the only time I feel briefly happy is when I can forget who I am. Computers and games and television help me enjoy myself because I don't feel like I'm "inside" myself if that makes sense I guess, I'm just nothing- I'm just a nebulous idea totally immersed in whatever it is that I'm reading or looking at. When I have to live my life as me, away from distractions, I don't even know where to begin considering how many places I messed up. I know I could probably fix things if I try hard enough  but sometimes I just feel so fundamentally unfixable that I can't even make myself try. I feel overwhelmed bottling everything up but at the same time I feel like when I talk about it I'm just whining and feeling sorry for myself.. I sort of feel that way about this post... sorry its a little disjointed. I just have trouble getting through the day, sometimes. 