I could really use some advice, pleaseHi, I know this is long but I would appreciate you reading this.

I've been really struggling for a while now. Some of you would know how it is, wake up and have the same battle in my head. 

"It's ok, you're going to get better. Life will get better just get through today and keep going." 

"You can't do this to your friends and family, you'd just be making them sad. You feeling awful is better than making them all feel this pain."

I just don't think I can keep trying to lie to myself because it's not working, and at the start I did hope and believe deep down that these words were true but it didn't get better and I don't believe it anymore. I feel worse than ever. 

But I don't even feel most of the time anymore. I'm blank and empty until one small thing creates a sinkhole and I drown in darkness, sadness, and hurt. I feel manic and it's so hard to drag myself out when I'm in there. And when I finally do I feel hopeless, and tired. So so tired of being in this world.

Why is existing so painful? Does everyone feel this deep stabbing pain? Does it make tears flow down their face as they look into hollow eyes staring back from the mirror? 

I never chose to be here. So I would like to choose to leave, and I have a plan.

At this point the only reason I'm still here is to prevent my friends and family's pain, so I need to think of a way to make them hate me. Because then when I'm gone it won't hurt them very much.

If I can find a way to make everyone I love hate me then I can leave because nothing else is holding me back. Then I can slip away, disappear. Become that awful friend that yeah maybe didn't deserve to die but they won't miss me. But I haven't quite figured out how to. 

So my question to you all is:

**What is something a family member could do that would make you hate them?** 

Please. This way no one will get hurt. I'm sure someone out there could think of something that would make my plan work.

Thank you if you read this far.