Broken. Tired of failing. Once full of hope, now sinking in despair. Oh, that I could die in my sleep and be free to fly...First time posting on Reddit -- here goes nothing.

My life seems ideal. I am a 24yo medical student. To the world, I am the pinnacle of success. From the outside looking in, it appears to those around me that I have the world at my feet. No one knows that I am crumbling behind the facade.

I learned that I suffer from ADHD after almost failing out of medical school multiple times in the year and a half that I've been here. Medical school, for me, has been a never-ending cycle of wanting so badly to be better, trying, failing, and barely making it to the next course. Prior to my diagnosis (3 months ago), I became resigned to the fact that I just wasn't going to make it. The only thing that has sustained me to this point has been my relationship with a classmate who's become my lover. We became close because she was also diagnosed with ADHD last semester after experiencing uncharacteristic school failure. We bonded through that experience. I hadn't known that anyone could relate to my private suffering. Suddenly, I wasn't alone. She was a wellspring of hope -- a reason to believe that I could get past my ailment someday.

She motivated me to change. I was on winter vacation over the last few weeks and spent the whole break reading up on how to be better at life despite having a brain that makes it difficult to do so. I read books, articles, Reddit posts -- everything I could find. I absorbed it all and became extremely optimistic about the possibility of becoming a new man. 

I've been back at school for just two days and am fucking up all over again. The same failure patterns that I've always struggled with are already taking shape. What's worse is that I can see my lover beginning to flourish. We both initiated a plan of action to cope with our difficulties -- drugs, psychotherapy, etc. -- but she is finding much more success than I. Our relationship was the only thing that sustained me. Now it tears me apart. Every time she takes time away from her studies to tend to my pain, it makes me feel like a burden on her. Every time I see how much she's able to accomplish on the days that she's apart from me, I am reminded that I am holding her back.

For the first time in a long time, I am alone again.

Each time I go through the cycle of hoping, trying, and failing, the resultant disappointment becomes more and more crushing. This time is no different. I am beginning to accept that this is who I will be -- but I do not want to live this way. I am realizing that I likely won't graduate medical school. What scares me is that I'm not sure I'll survive the guilt and shame of having disappointed my loved ones. Every time I find myself drowning in this darkness I think about ending my life. Every time I consider it, suicide seems less and less scary. 

I feel hurt. Angry. Tired. Broken. Disappointed. Alone. I am crumbling under the weight of lofty expectations and consistent failure. The truth is that I would really rather die than take a year off from school or find another career. My shame would be too great. I've stayed up all night fantasizing about harming or killing myself. For the first time, it feels so appealing. I find myself drawn to the prospect of finally finding relief. 

This is not my first flirtation with suicide. I wrote my first suicide note 14 years ago. It's hovered over me at different times for so much of my life. I've always staved off those feelings by myself that I have a long, successful life ahead of me. That no longer feels true.

I've been running from suicide for as long as I can remember. Lately, I am losing my strength. I'm getting tired of running.