I've been having more reasons to do it, and losing reasons not toSo I had recently posted here, a few weeks ago maybe. Well I nearly attempted, but I called a crisis line. I spoke to a very kind lady who convinced me to admit myself to the hospital. Well a few days later my doctor admitted Me to the adolescent psychiatry ward connected to the hospital (for reference I'm 17). It made me feel very relaxed and calm, more then I've ever been in 3+ years. Well there was no actual treatment, just making sure I didn't hurt myself.

Now I'm home, I got discharged dispise saying I was ready. And here I am again, planning my suicide. My problems not only control me, but run and ruin my entire life, and I'm past the point of help. Been on 4 anti depressants, seen 2 councillors; one for 3 years, as well as seeing doctors, specialists, trying to eat and sleep better, exercise more. But nothing, fucking, helps. 

Saying I'm serendipitous would be putting it lightly. I'm the most sensitive person Ive ever need anywhere. My best friend makes a joke about my favourite band? That upset me. Someone has constructive criticism for me when I ask how I look/sound? Well there goes my self esteem and confidence.

I know that my life will be just living off of disability and welfare **if** I can even get it. I won't get proper justice for the person who fucked me up as a baby and made me this way. I'll never have love, I'm a fucking mess in a relationship. I'll never keep friends for more then a few years, my emotions are too much for them to deal with. The only people who *I guess* stick by me are my close family, but that becquse they have to. They know it's horrible to even think about not wanting to have/deal with your mentally ill daughter. I've reached such a low of mental health that I don't even know what I want anymore. Am I actually who i think I am? Do I ever want to eat? What type of person do I wanna date?  What am I okay with, and not okay with? I can't fucking tell at this point.

I'm trying to come up with a new suicide plan so it's quick, 99% to work, painless, but this time, *looks like an accident.* I'll probably start writing my note soon.

Maybe I'll kill myself on the one year anniversary of my cats passing, the only being who ever actually loved me and I knew that it wasn't just tolerance.

If I had something worth living for, I would, but I don't have anything.

Edit: beautiful, now it's official that my girlfriend left me. Life is sure really fucking sadistic