I feel like a bottomless pit.   I first became depressed when I was in 5th grade. I had begun to realize that “mama drinking and smoking 6 packs a day” wasn’t normal. Kids commented on how I smelled of cigarette smoke. I took to eating as a way to escape my sadness for a while, I’d eat until I couldn’t. Flash forward a few years and suddenly both of my brothers are diagnosed with manic bipolar disorder. I took a huge spiral that year. About a year after that, my father suddenly got sick for the first time in 10 years. 2 months later, he just dropped dead. I snapped for about 3 days where I was  just in this emotional emptiness, like your on morphine but it’s all clear. A few months later, mother becomes sick. On Christmas Day we find out she has terminal lung cancer. My family cries but I don’t. I don’t have anything left. 

   Skip ahead to August, mother passes away on the 13th. Funeral is held a few days later and I’m just empty for the most part. I gave a tear or two, but that’s all I had. Skip ahead to the present day. My sister adopted me but to me it feels like she is just putting up with me. My two brothers live with my sister and I and they don’t even try anymore. 

   I just don’t feel like I have a reason to live anymore to be honest. I used to tell myself I wanted to make my father proud but now he’s dead and I don’t believe in heaven. I don’t believe in hell either, so out goes my mother. My sister would be cut up for a while but she’d move on eventually. My friends at school feel fake to me, though that’s probably just me faking my emotions. My brothers wouldn’t give a shit. I don’t have anyone to really live for, and I’ve never cared about myself enough to live for me. 

   I’m curious about death. Is it just nothing? Is it your consciousness in a void? Is there a Heaven, a Hell? Reincarnation? I want to find out.

   But most of all I just want to feel something. Sure, I feel anger, sadness, happiness, etc... but it’s all fleeting. Its all fake. At least with death I won’t have to worry about that if there is nothingness.

   I’m gonna try cutting, see if that takes the edge a bit. I don’t care about the scars, I already have many.