This is your life right now. It won't last.You wake up everyday. Feeling like crap for sleeping way over the time you should have due to insomnia and browsing the internet to 3 A.M. to forget you're a shitty person and focus on memes, cat videos and parodies. Maybe even cringe compilations to remind yourself: "At least I don't put my shit online." Then you ask yourself:"Do I even have to eat if I don't feel hungry even if I haven't eaten a thing since yesterday morning?" You either make yourself some shitty cheap cereal or skip the meal. You go to work, or school. Or maybe you just stay home. It doesn't matter. As it ends, you go out and do something to cope with non-changing everyday rhythm and either drink, get faded or grab prescription medication to feel a little less shitty. You talk with people. As they move up the life goals ladder with their engagements, promotions, graduations and pregnancies, you get reminded your exactly the same person as you were a year ago, two years ago, five years ago, or worse. You think of ending it all on a daily basis. You either failed to do it already, or just chicken out at the slightest thought of errors that can occur. The train can just cripple you, the pills can just damage your brain cells. The car can risk other's lives, hanging can be a pain in the ass to set up. Do you even make a note? Everyone else knows you're a depressed piece of shit, so why bother? They won't see it any different as a selfish act to run away from problems anyways. So you sit on the bed, or in front of the desk, filling your thoughts with meaningless Trump updates and ISIS threats, youtubers screaming about a recent event, reading shit on Reddit and probably staring at this text right now, realising it's all true and you're the same as everyone on this thread. It doesn't help if you aren't alone in this. Just more people having their own problems to focus on yours or caring about them. Maybe you get munchies and you either eat leftovers or make some instant microwave dinner or something like that, or simply dig into snacks because they only require opening their package. You binge-watch series and movies, you cry. You hate yourself. Until your eyes begin to open less and less, you stay online to avoid turning around in your bed thinking about your shitty life choices, regretting what you did and didn't do. Soon you close your eyes and fall asleep in your tears to wake up once again. Read again until you die. It's your life. Mine probably ends soon. 