This story happen long ago, i want to share it for some reason tbhAround here you study 8 years in elementary school then you go highschool and study 3 years there and go to college, your grades in .highschool determines what college you go to and your grades in elementary school determines what highschool you go.
I was really good in elementary school I was the top of my class teachers loved me I had friends I grew up with, surely there were ups and downs a bit of bullying but things were pretty good, my life at home was rough my parents had a troubled marriage and they fought all the time and sometimes the fighting gets really intense.
My grades started to decline when I reached 7th grade, we started to studying advanced stuff and they were a little hard for me to understand, my mother got concerned about my grades so she decided to move me to a mildly expensive competitive private school.
Things were very different and a little overwhelming, there were few foreign students and teachers I was sad for leaving my old school friends but I was positive and hopeful to make new friends and impress my new teachers but non of that happen I couldn't really make friends cuz I am a little shy and not really social and my grades were mediocre comparing to the other top students with full perfect grades, I was surprised to see the different between my level and their's, i tried to improve multiple times but I couldn't keep up with the them and eventually I gave up simply stop caring and trying.
My grades went downhill I became the bottom of my class I started to lie to my parents "specially my controlling mother" I forged my dad's signature on the report card few times and one time they had a parents meeting in school but my dad was busy at work and my mom said she wouldn't go cuz she is ashamed of me and on top of that I used to get bullied and teased a lot cuz I had a young baby face.
I used to go school as a escape for home but now both school and home were awful, till one day I was in the school bus still trying to fit in with the "cool guys" I was listening to their conversions and tried to chat with them that's where one of them looked at me and said "what you want ass face? " I said "nothing just chatting a little" he said " mind your own business " I said " I just want talk a little ya know ? I just..... " and he punched me and said " I SAID MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS ASS FACE!! " 
and I just started to cry, a lot and I felt humiliated cuz I was crying in front of the girls.
Everything was just awful I couldn't take it anymore and that was my breaking point, I made my decision that day I am gonna end it all I was going to end my life, I waited till it was dark and everyone went to sleep I went up to the roof of my house and was going to jump, but I was scared of dying scared that the fall might not kill me and was wondering how I am gonna explain this to my parents? " I tried to kill my self because of kid called me ass face and punched me? " that sounds very ridiculous.
So I had to live with pain live through this horrible life and just wait for to things get better, and eventually they did.



I know this is not a happy story and doesn't has a happy ending, its a part of my life I just wanted to share with you guys.