Hate being indian. Just got done self harming, after skin bleach failed to turn me white.Well, after months of holding off I just did it again. I took a bat and smashed my face in until i fell to the floor after getting dizzy and seeing stars. And ill admit that most of my self hatred stem from MY ETHNICITY! I am an indian guy AND I HATE IT WITH EVERY INCH OF MY BODY! I wake up every day hating the body that im stuck in! I hate it so much that I love damaging myself. I love seeing my stupid Indian face swollen and battered in the mirror. I feel like I enjoy spitting in god's face for what he did to me. For making me this way. Ive already attempted suicide once by jumping Infront of an SUV. It didn't kill me, but just put me in the hospital. Then ofcourse my dramatic Indian mom came in crying saying "why did you do this? What did we do wrong" I mean basically i had to say its not her fault, but it's gods fault for making me an indian male. Society thinks we are a joke. Everyone thinks we are rapists or perverts, and they don't even give us a chance before they know us. All the Indian girls say "i don't like Indian guys they are stupid, i will date anything before i date an indian guy" and all the non Indian girls think we are poor taxi driving perverts! I HATE THIS INDIAN BODY THAT IM STUCK WITH!! I don't want it anymore! Its so awful hating the body that you are stuck in! It's like being stuck in a beaten up old toyota when you want a Ferrari! BUT YOU ARE STUCK WITH IT! I don't know what to do. Im going crazy and pretty soon i think I'm going to attempt again this time infront of a truck or just jump off a bridge! I just have to hope and pray that im reborn as a white person because in this increasingly globalised society we live in, being white is the ticket to success and universal respect world wide. In the west im treated like shit, and back in my own country a whitey can go over there and be treated like royalty by my own people in my own country!! I hate this! And i dont know what to do. I can't cry anymore, because ive run out of tears. This is just awful. I hate myself and my ethnic features so much its unimaginable!