Tired of suffering. Maybe death and non-existence isn't so bad.I been suffering all my life and at this point I'm just really tired of enduring it. I really don't know where to begin but I guess I'll start from the beginning. 


I was abused by my father at the age of 9. It all started when he tutored me in my schoolwork. He used to be from the military and has a big anger problem. Every time I got an answer wrong in my homework, he would hit me in the face and in the head really hard. I remember being afraid of getting the wrong answers when he asked me how to solve a certain problem on my homework. He went from hurting me physically to verbally. He would call me stupid every time I got a problem incorrect. As a result, I started developing anxiety problems at a young age. I remember every time the report card came out and my grade wasn't good, he would beat me with a stick until I pleaded him to stop. This gave me a lot of anxiety. When I turned 11, we moved to a different city and I became depressed and started developing obsessive compulsive thoughts. I didn't know what I had at the time but I knew that my mental state was changing and I wasn't normal anymore. I endured it for many years until I finally told my family about what I was going through when I was 14. My dad was the first person I told about my OCD, and he took me to a psychiatrist and I was finally diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder when I was 14 along with depression.  He then took me to a psychologist for counseling. The psychologist was able to read my dad and judging by the way I behave around my dad, the psychologist asked him if he was ever abusive to me. My dad got embarassed and he never admitted it. After the counseling session, my dad told me that I better get better from this mental condition since he's putting out a lot of money for this and he has to put up with it. My OCD made me constantly worrying, obsessing, and ruminating about things that were irrational, and I knew they were irrational but I couldn't help it. I still suffer every single day because of OCD. It's quite exhausting and I've tried to do CBT therapy but I just don't have the willpower nor the motivation to continue with the therapy. I've been on medication (paxil) and it did help but it gave me some side effects so I discontinued it. I've been on prozac as well but it didn't seem to work well for me. Over time, my OCD and anxiety got worse and then soon I developed social anxiety. I think the anxiety comes from being abused physically and mentally by my dad when I was younger. I remember one time he told me to walk directly home from school and I had taken the long way because I didn't want to go home. When I went home, he accused me of going to my friend's house to hang out but I told him I just took the long way. He thought I was lying to him and then he ended up putting a knife to my throat and told me that I better tell him the truth and that he is the one that gave me life and that he could take it away at any time. I was scared for my life so I admitted to him that I went to my friend's house which is why it took me a while to get home, but this wasn't true. I actually took the long way home and had told him the truth but he made me admit to something that isn't even true. This happened when I was 14 or 15 years old. I never told my mom or brother about this incident. And one time, after being tutored at a tutoring center, one of the tutors complained to my dad that I was horse playing during tutor session. My mom and dad took me home from the tutoring place and made a homeless sign for me to wear. They made me wear the homeless sign which says "I am a homeless, in need of fooutd and money" or something along those lines. They made me wear the sign and they beat me and told me to say that I'm a worthless homeless person while wearing the sign and looking at myself in the mirror. After that I developed major self esteem issues. I was only 12 when that happened. My social anxiety became much worse later on and I still suffer from it now. If you know me personally, you would describe me as an awkward, timid and shy person. Maybe even weird. I don't have any friends and I spend the majority of my time alone with my thoughts. I think nobody wants to be around me or be associated with me since I'm so awkward and weird. I had friends before but they stopped contacting me because I got more weirder. I feel like I'm just a really pathetic waste of oxygen. 


My older brother also used to beat me up when I was little. He used to make me feel like I am weak and used to dominate me a lot. I think my dad beating me and my brother beating me also contributed to my anxiety issues and self esteem issues. I have a really low self esteem and I always doubt myself and place myself lower than others. I hate myself and I hate the person that I've become and I just hate how my life turned out. 


When I was in 8th grade, during the time when my OCD and social anxiety was getting worse, I also developed another disease that would have a major impact on my life: erectile dysfunction. I was 12 or 13 years old at the time when I developed this. I have weak erections and my erections are getting progressively weaker as time goes by. Right now, I can't barely get an erection for adequate intercourse. I lost the ability to have what people call "morning wood" a long time ago. I've tried going to the urologist and they all don't know what caused it or why I had it at such a young age. I've tried viagra, cialis, none of it worked and I'm thinking my weak erection problems are caused by an injury that I sustained when I was very young (about 5) when my penis got caught in the zipper. I think I have a venous leakage which means that cialis or viagra will never work for me and that I need to consider getting an penile implant if I ever want to fix this condition. The thing with gettng an implant is that it costs way too much, around 17k and once I get it, my penis can never go back to normal again. I won't be able to get natural erections anymore, I'd have to pump it up manually every time I want an erection. I don't know what to do. I've had intercourse with a few women in my life and I know they all felt very awkward during intercourse because of this particular problem. This is major reason why I don't have a girlfriend and why I'm afraid to have a relationship with a woman.

Fast forward to the end of 2011, when I was 21,I developed another new disease. A completely different disease. I developed acute bacterial prostatitis. It gave me some sexual symptoms like low libido and weak orgasms (orgasms doesn't feel good anymore). It completely ruined my sexual function over the years. The disease became chronic. I have it for 6 years now and my sexual function is almost non-existent. I don't get that much pleasure from sexual activities anymore. I'm 26 now, and I still don't have a girlfriend (I had one but we broke up long time ago) and now my family is wondering if i'm straight or gay. They probably think I'm gay because I don't have a girlfriend at this age and haven't had one for a long time but they don't know about my prostatitis condition and about my low libido and sexual dysfunction, nor about my erectile dysfunction. And the friends that stopped talking to me are probably thinking this too, maybe this is why they stopped talking to me. I'm the black sheep in my family  and feel like the black sheep everywhere I go. I feel like there's no one that I can relate to and there's no one that has this much health issues as me.


What is the point of living? Having all these health problems like ocd, social anxiety, erectile dysfunction, chronic bacterial prostatitis associated with sexual dysfunction problems. Right now what I really want the most for christmas is to cure my Chronic bacterial prostatitis and get rid of all my sexual symptoms for good. This is the one condition that could be cured easier than the other ones. And I think prostatitis causes infertility, which means I can't reproduce if I don't cure this disease.


But now I'm thinking, what's the point of all this? I have so many health problems that even if I cure one, I would still have other problems to deal with. Did I mention that I'm only 5 feet 2? I'm shorter than the average woman. I'm a short, awkward weird guy that has all these health problems. It's obvious that I have terrible genes and I'm just really unfortunate to have all these health issues. And I remember my older brother would make me feel bad for being short. Like one time, we went to the movie theater and there was this tall guy sitting in front of me. I told my brother we should move to a different seat but he didn't want to move and I told him the guy in front of me is blocking my view and he said that it's not his fault that I'm short. 


I'm seriously thinking about just ending it. There's no way I can ever be truly happy or be able to live life fully. I'm so tired of everything. I'm tired of worrying about my health. Worrying about what people think of me. Worrying about whether or not I'll ever be cured from chronic prostatitis. Worried about if I'll ever find love. Worried about if any woman would want to be with me despite my erectile dysfunction problem and my height. I spent a lot of time thinking about all these worries every day. And all these health problems are very embarassing to talk about. No one knows about my erectile dysfunction problem besides my doctor and the few women that I been with. This is another reason why I never sustain a relationship with a woman because I was afraid they would cheat on me with another guy. That would destroy me. And not that many people know about my prostatitis condition either, I only told a couple friends and I lost contact with those friends. I spend the majority of my time being alone and just thinking and thinking all day long about all of these issues that I have. My ocd makes me think and obsess about it constantly. It seems like I never get a break from worrying. I'm always suffering and it's just really exhausting. My OCD makes me worry about all these issues a lot more than I should. It's just one worry after another, constantly. I'm surprised that I'm still alive right now and why I didn't take my life a long time ago. 



I have one final plan to cure my chronic prostatitis for good, but I don't know for sure if it will work to restore my sexual functions but I'm going to try it since I have nothing left to lose. Maybe I can live with erectile dysfunction, ocd, being short, and social anxiety, but I cannot continue living with chronic prostatitis and the sexual symptoms associated with it. If I can't cure it, then that's it. I already made a back up plan on how I will end my life if things didn't work out. It's the perfect plan, quick and painless. 



At this point, I'm not scared of death anymore. I actually welcome it. I used to be scared of dying and the thought of non-existence, by now the thought of not being conscious, not being alive, actually feels very comforting and peaceful.  But I still have hope left. I'm going to try one last thing to cure my chronic prostatitis and hopefully it works to cure all my sexual symptoms so that I can return to my somewhat normal life. And maybe after I can focus on the other health problems. But if it doesn't work, then that's it. I'm gone. Death can't be worse than living this cruel lonely life filled with health problems. 



At times I wonder why all of this happened to me, but that's probably my brain trying to make sense of things since that's what humans do. I completely understand that some people are born more healthier than others, more fortunate than others. The fortunate ones with the good genes get to live a good life and pass their genes to their offspring and the ones with the bad genes suffer and eventually die off and get removed from the gene pool. I guess it's nature's way of improving itself constantly. But sometimes I wonder, why am I the unfortunate one? Why can't I be healthy and normal like other people? Why do I have to be the one that suffer? Why couldn't I just not be born? It would have been better that way. And what the hell is the point of all of this? To live, suffer immensely, and then die? I am tearing up as I am typing this because I just feel so lost and hopeless. I feel like nobody is there for me or that nobody wants to be there for me or want to be associated with a person like me. I used to spend time with my dogs a lot but now I neglect them and not spend that much time with them because I've been depressed. I feel really bad about it but I feel so powerless. Eventually my dogs are going to die and when that happens I don't know how I'm going to take it. Eventually my dad is going to die too, he's turning 70 soon. He has heart problems and had a heart implant few years ago. Even though he abused me when I was young, I still love him. He's still my blood and I already forgave him. It would destroy me if something were to happen to him and I don't know how I will take it when that day comes. I've been thinking a lot about death lately. I long for it, but at the same time not want it to happen to my family or anyone I care about. The fact that death is inevitable and there's nothing I can do to prevent it from happening to my loved ones makes me very anxious. The fact that it's not something in my control makes me very anxious and depressed. Maybe it's my OCD causing me to want to control things that cannot be controlled.



It seems as if life, at least mine, is centered around suffering and hardly has any good times. And the good times that I had in the past were short lived.  And I know that if I do go through with my suicide plan, it will hurt my family a lot, probably like how it will hurt me if they were to pass away. I know suicide is a selfish thing to do but at this point, I really don't mind being selfish in this way. I rather be selfish than put up with this kind of suffering each and every day. If I decide to go through with it, I would make sure my family knows that it's not their fault. 



Thank you for taking your time to listen to my story and sorry if it was too long. I just thought I'd share this since not many people know about what I went through all these years. Didn't feel like keeping it a secret anymore. 