Can't trick myself into finding a reason to live in this arbitrary existence.Im 31. No kids. Not sure if I even like kids. American. Iraq war veteran. Former prisoner. Not religious. I don't celebrate anything. No close family. No friends. Attempted suicide once  by getting drunken and slicing open my wrist with a knife in a toolshed. Passed out in a puddle of blood to be found by a friend. Woke up in hospital then transferred to psychiatric institution. Thinking of completing it with a shotgun blast to my head to explode my brains this time.  The monotonous cycle of life - eat, shit, engage in hobby, sleep, wake, repeat - has become utterly uninteresting, annoying, and must stop soon since it only prolongs the inevitable, which is my short term goal. I used to use "kickers" to spice up this pointless system of living. Kickers being drugs, prostitutes, and dangerous thrill seeking activities. I am thinking of starting back using kickers but that requires me to be social, though I've grown more anti-social over the years due to my ever developing misanthropy. Kickers are also illegal and could land me back in prison. The best way to eliminate all options is to kill myself so that I can no longer THINK (which I believe is the ultimate reason why people latch on to life [if life was to be given a reason]: to exercise the ability to think. I personally do not fear the thought of not being able to think or what can be humanly perceived as "nothingness". I also do not fear the unknown as it must be more interesting than the present reality by default given that there are no governing rules similar to this dimension... I'd really prefer nothingness to be frank). I do not want to become an old decrepit man. I'm quite surprised that I've made it to this age. Sometimes I wish I was the one killed in battle instead of my buddies since they probably valued life more than I do and had big loving, caring families and such. I thought I'd die in a high speed motorcycle or car crash. I really hate thinking. I hate being self aware. I hate rules. I hate my family. Most of all, I hate that I cannot override the hardwired, primordial drive to survive. Especially, when I have absolutely no reason to continue. Everyday I hope it's the last day that I see the sun. I'm feeling more confident in following thru with blowing my head off. No one will miss me, so, for whatever its worth, I won't be an asshole in that regard. If an obscure random person from my past discovers my suicide and is saddened, then it will not matter because I will be dead. I want to take fate into my own hands so that I can stop thinking about it every 15 - 30 minutes a day. Sometimes I visualize my mangled corpse spattered with chunks of brain and flesh lying next to the weapon. I'll have to pull the trigger very quickly when I pick up the gun and aim it at my head as to be faster than the second thoughts that will enter my psyche. Bullet should hit before the second thought. I think I'm ready. I have absolutely no reason to live.