Downward spiralI read and relate to so many of the posts in here and r/depression and can't see a solution to all these common themes. I need to have an honest vent because I cant be honest with anyone atm.

Im at a point where my answer to everything is 'you need to kill yourself'. Its  a revolving thought going around my head whether I want it or not i cant push it out of my mind. Its hard enough living with it every day, and then I go and do something stupid.

My depression makes lme angry and intolerant pf the world. All I ever see is inconsiderate rude, nasty or lazy, self-serving incompetant people. I literally cant hold onto a good thought about people long enough before something horrible pops into my head.

The other day a guy wouldnt move on the train to let me in a seat. I fell over his unmoved legs and said "you could move a little to let me in". And he turned and laughed at me and said "whatever."

It set of a spark inside me.
I was livid. I waited till he got off and followed him then when he stopped and turned around I started shouting at him. Eventually he punched me in the face and we had a fight. Two guys in suits going at it. I dont know how he ended up but im pretty sure I came off worse. Dislocated my shoulder and knocked a few teeth loose. 

Im not a fighter or a macho type, I just get so incenced with the way the world and people are, I guess I couldnt control myself.

Now I'm freaking out that the police are going to turn up and charge me with assault. Im petrified. Even though I don't know how they would find me. What if I see that person on the train again? i have to catch the train to work, esp niw my shoulder is damaged, so I'm screwed.

I was already in a cycle of hating myself for every stupid or cringeworthy thing I've ever done and now I've added to it 100 fold. On top of that i'm embarressed I caused the fight and came off worse! Karma I guess.

Now I've stayed off work and been inside on the couch for 5 days using the painkillers to try and sleep through it. I smoke a disgusting amount of weed that I know for a fact causes these depressive episodes but to stop at the level I'm at makes me even more irrational and irritable. I feel trapped between body crushing paranoia and anxiety and knowing to stop will send me on another downward spiral of anger and intolerance. 

I've got one more day I can take off from worl before I have to man up, suit up, leave the house and pretend I'm not dying inside. On top of that the fear my incredibly dickish actions will cause me some serious repercussions. 

I'm a complete hopeless idiot, I shouldnt have done what I did and I'm very sorry. I dont feel sorry for myself though, only anger at yet again causing my own problems. 

I'm left alone today with just my destructive thoughts so if anyone can relate I'd like to hear from them. 



