Need some helpHi. Writing to ask for help. I am currently abroad, and can't connect to my country's support line. And can't stand the thought of causing my family even more grief by telling them about my problems. I hope to get a psychologist when I get back home, but I  need some human interaction before.

Long story short – I have an innate immunological deficiency, which requires regular application of medicine. Otherwise I get pneumonia and other problems. Before the diagnosis I spent many months in hospital. The drugs generally make my life quite ok, but are not as effective this summer, when I just keep getting ill over and over again. 

As mentioned, I am currently abroad, where I was sent for work by my tax payer-supported employer. Yet over the last few weeks I have repeatedly been ill and unable to work for a few days at a time. And just lead a normal life. 

My drugs are expensive. I can only afford them through my country's health system. Yet I feel I am not worth the cost it takes. You can probably keep a couple of dozens of children fed with the money it costs to keep me going. Normally I can deal with this by telling myself that the work I do is socially beneficial, and anyways getting that money is not different to if I were born rich and just wasted my inheritance on pleasure, but this inability to work is getting me down.

On another level, over the last months I have a growing unease concerning the international situation. Any major war or crisis might seriously limit my access to my medicine (there is not enough of it produced worldwide). I don't live in a major international power. Emigration is a problem, since many western countries (like Canada) don't accept people with associated high medical costs. So the prospect of reverting back to life without my medicine provides a deep background of worry for me. 

Also, as I got down today, I did something I shouldn't have done – I read the description of my disease again, and the possible future complications, and I just cannot see how this is worth it in any manner. I am just worried for my family, who mean a great deal to me. But this doesn't change the essential lack of sense in my continued existence in this manner.

This situation is new to me, I was diagnosed relatively recently (which did tremendously improve my quality of life). I did talk to psychologist once, but back then the disease seemed to be under control. 

I can see some amount of silliness in my thinking. In essence, am I worried about my worth in money (which goes against my political ideas), and possible things that might happen in the future. But if those were reasons enough, everyone would be depressed. 

But I suppose on a deeper levels, I just feel my life had been taken away from me by random genetics. And can't cope with this.

Sorry if this is rambling, but...