I'm a college student contemplating. What can I do?I'm no stranger to where I am at this moment. At this point, I'd wager that I'm a regular. I've been contemplating suicide on-and-off for the past few years, and lately, I've found myself there again. I feel as though I can't do anything properly and that I only hold back my peers, all of whom I see walking forward into bright, successful futures, while I stand behind them, I myself possessing no such thing. I only wanted to make myself and my parents proud, but I can't help but feel as though all I'm doing is disappointing myself and them. I feel burnt-out, broken-down, and just sick of everything. I haven't brought this up with them, as, although I know they mean well, their definition of "help" tends to differ a great deal from mine. I won't go into detail, but let me just clarify that I'm very familiar with the "other people have it way worse than you" talk. Bringing this up with them just makes me feel pathetic and, frankly, even worse than I already do. I haven't made use of any of the resources available for people at my university, mainly because I'm afraid of what will happen if I do. Last time I made these kinds of thoughts public to others, I was almost institutionalized. I've had family members and friends in that position, and that's not somewhere I'm willing to go. I feel as though I can't offer anything to the world, and that all life is at this point is struggle after struggle, with increasingly-short periods of reprieve in between. If that's all there really is to life, I want no part of it. But, despite all that, some part of me still wants to believe that I can succeed. That I can get out of this dark place. And that's why I'm writing here. This isn't my first time here, but I want it to be my last. I want to kick this for good and break this chain holding me back. But I don't know that steps to take. As I've already mentioned, institutionalization is a step I'm not willing to take. But I'm scared that's exactly where a conversation of this nature will take me. What steps can/should I take?