It is 2AM and idk what to do anymoreHello. So right now im suffering from depression insomnia and I worry because it gets more often than usual. Im just very tired physically, mentally, emotionally. Let me share somethings that I think about... 

Sometimes when I get dreams, I always remember how it is always about my death. I would get executed by crushing, elctrocution etc. And it sucks. But on the other hand,  there is always this amazing place on the other side. I always see this "afterlife" to be some kind of rural tokyo street with people eating sushi by the shops and neon signs placed everywhere in a very thin alleyway. Idk but for me. It is amazing. Everytime I step into that rural tokyo afterlife. I always feel like i belong there. Im never alone there. 

Thats perhaps the opposite of my life right now. It started of course when I came out to my parents a year ago. I thought they were okay with it because they are saying that they accept me etc. But i can feel that isnt truly the case. Sometimes, I would see my mom crying in her bedroom. It hurts. To see that someone u love is turned to sadness because of you. Then eventually,  my crush that Ive confessed to started to stray further and further away from me. I grew lonelier and lonelier. I get that there are people that are still rooting for me, but it just hurts. Because i could never feel the same with another person from what I felt with my crush. Eventually we grew apart. I got colder and colder to him. I noticed that i become irritated faster than ever. 

Another reason is that how I fare with my academic life. Since I was gay, I thought of my self as a person that shouldn't be noticable by his future goals but his current ones. I always aimed to be the top student of my class. Even if it meant for me to be burnt out all of the time. So I did. But one day,  I heard that my brother was getting the same achievements as me. I felt very useless because in my mind,  I need to top my brother. Because if that aspect of mine is lost, then im as good as useless. I overworked myself everyday for the last semester. However, it was not enough.  I graduated without any awards, I only got 2nd honors in my class. Its as good as nothing because almost everyone gets a second honors in my class.

Lastly,  I cant help but think about how bad I am everytime. I heard that exercise is good for your mental health so I decided to go to the gym.  So, I did. I told my parents and they were delighted because I could finally take out all of that fat I was carrying in my body. They gave me a personal trainer and he talked to me about the ordinary workout sessions. Eventually he talked to me about having motivation to move on in this path. Perhaps thats why every after gym session in the showers, i always think about how much of a failure I am. That why should I endure this pain when I could just end it all and just live in that rural tokyo on the other side. 

I do not know whether I have depression or not. I have not been tested. I have self harmed a lot of times and most of the time I just cover my scars with some foundation that I found in a theatre I work in because i dont have money to buy my own concealer.  But, right now I just need a little motiavtion. I have someone that I talked to about this and I promised him that I wouldnt kill myself. But it doesnt seem to be enough. Its so tempting. Right now Im just trying to sleep (hopefully I could). I cry at the thought of having to leave my best friend behind. Hes my only motivation right now. Idk if our friendship is going to last any longer. I need to find a new source of motivation.

Its just so tempting to live in that rural Tokyo.... 

Thank you for listening to my story...