I need help!Not going to go into details about age and stuff BTW. I am a kid, but I have suicidal thoughts. I am not sure if it is something normal for kids to have. I don't think so, but Everytime I think about it, a voice in my head is like, "loser! You just want attention! Your suck you selfish little [insert curse weird here]! Why do you exist you [insert curse weird here]? You. Are. A. Worthless. Piece. Of. [insert curse weird here]. You are a stupid failure!" And that just makes me want to die more. I have considered suicide such as taking overdoses of medicine like Zyrtec. (Not sure how to spell) I have some in my drawer for allergies. Then stuff like, "pfft just open your window and jump out." But I'm scared To die even though I want to die so bad! But I'm also afraid to die.i haven't told my parents. I'm scared and ashamed. What if they don't believe me? What if they're like "it's just a phase." Argh!!! I have no idea what to do! I've only told my best friend and he promised to keep it a secret until I got help. That probably means forever. I don't know how to contact help without my parents knowing. My dad had stuff that tracks my history and stuff, regardless of whether I delete. Can't use private browsing or delete history. He disabled those. I just created an alternate email so I could sign up on Reddit. I bet he'll know though. Ughh. What if I'm just a weakling little [insert curse weird here]? Sometimes, I wonder if I'm doing all of this for attention, and then I remember that I do actually want to kill myself. Which makes me think I am doing it for attention. Which puts me in a loop. I have considered depression, taken depression tests online. Sigh my dad prob knows about that as well. I'll thank my lucky stars if he doesn't know about any of this. The tests I took said I have "severe depression" and then I wonder if I answered truthfully. I think I did, but what if deep down I didn't? I'm so confused and scared. I've had one or two panic attacks in the past, but now they are getting more frequent. Not everyday or anything, but more than I ever have had. I've also tried to commit suicide by holding my breath, but I did that because I knew I wouldn't die. Tldr: I want to die really bad but I'm scared to die.