not actively trying to kill myself, but...Hey. I'm new to this subreddit, so let me know if I'm doing something wrong.


Guess I'll get right to the story: I've been depressed for nearly as long as I can remember, in varying degrees and for different reasons as time has gone on. When I was in elementary school, I went through a lot of bullying, and my parents got divorced. My last grandparent (who I was very close to) died, and the bullying got worse, over the course of middle school. I went to a different high school than the rest of my classmates, which sorta helped - but I was so wary and distant from the other kids at that point, because I didn't want to give them any way to hurt me. So high school was better but worse; it was safe, but incredibly lonely. I also came out as transgender during that time, which brought a whole new array of issues that I'm still sorting out now.


But anyway, after I graduated from high school, I took some time off before college. I honestly didn't do much during that time. Mostly I slept, and when I wasn't sleeping, I'd spend most of the day sitting inside on the computer. This gap year was when my depression started to get worse, rather than just staying in the background.


I've been in college for a bit now. Things haven't gotten better. I feel physically drained every day, like I never have energy regardless of whether I'm trying to take care of myself or not. I can rarely concentrate either; it's as if everything is in a dense fog, and I have to spend almost all of my free time doing coursework because it takes so long due to this lack of focus. Some days I don't feel too horrible; most days I really just want to lay down and die. But I can't do that because I'd just be passing along a burden to my family.


My dad's health has sharply declined due to his stress levels, my mom's slowly drinking and smoking herself to death. I still haven't made any real friends because I can't remember how to socialize like a normal person, and every time I try, it feels fake. I recently lost all of my long-term internet buddies because they kicked me out of their group after a big argument.


I tried to get help for my depression about six months ago, but I was hesitant (still am) about being too honest, at least in regards to how much I want my life to be over. The doctors haven't prescribed antidepressants because apparently those sometimes put people at more of a suicide risk, so I'm seeing a therapist instead.


Therapy has been largely useless. If I tell them I want to die, they'd stick me in a psych ward, so I tell them I have intrusive suicidal thoughts but don't want to act on them. But I do. I constantly think about how I'd kill myself if I could. I wish so badly that it could be over, but again, I'm afraid that the stress would kill my dad and that my mom would give herself alcohol poisoning.


I don't really know what the point of this post is, sorry. It seems too long but I've barely gone into detail. I guess if anyone's got suggestions about what to do, or maybe even a fresh point of view on this whole mess, go ahead and shoot.