I feel numb, almost all the time, and I have been having a lot of dark thoughts lately.I feel I should give some kind of a backstory to my life so that maybe some light can be shed on what has led me to this point.

When I was a kid, my mom left me when I was 5 years old (maybe 4, I can't remember the exact age), and I barely had any contact with her at all. She stayed out of my life for 16 years to be exact. As I was going through school, I was bullied almost daily, with kids going as far as teaming up on me and stomping me into the ground. While I was still in grade 5, I had a sleepover at a friend's house, and his uncle molested me in the middle of the night. I tried telling him the next day and he just called me gay and said I must have liked it.

I was bullied all through elementary school and no one would do anything about it. I reached high school and had enough, so I took a "tough" stance, to try and end it, and all that did was earn me a "psycho" title, so no one wanted anything to do with me. I didn't let it discourage me, I knew who I was, I knew what I had to offer the world.

After school had ended I had dealt with a *lot* of injury, getting hit by cars (plural, ignoring the fact the first car that hit me was when I was 4 years old), falling from heights, getting assaulted with weapons, gas poisoning, mild heart attack, severe lacerations, etc. 

Later on I got into a relationship that turned out pretty sour, she started out sweet and innocent, but soon turned out to be very abusive. She cheated on me a lot, she tried killing me once, she tried "aborting" our unborn baby by slamming her stomach into the side of the bed (I am seriously slimming this information down, it was not a good relationship). 

After all I had been through with her, I couldn't take it anymore and I left her. She kept my daughter from me for a year, and when I finally seen her, I learned she gave my daughter her then-boyfriend's last name out of spite for me. My daughter is now 13 years old, and every step along the way her family has done everything they could in and out of court to either stop, or limit access to my daughter, and to this day she lives with her aunty on their side, and I am still helpless to do anything about it.

I got married 8 years ago, it was the best thing to happen to me in my life, but as much as she tries, I feel like I am just holding her back. I am hitting a pretty low place today... I am facing not being able to pay off a large debt and having it ruin 8 years of credit building, which is one of the few things I am proud of in life, and it's just ending me. 

I try approaching this from every angle possible, but the only thing I can do right now is let it go to creditors. I can't find a job, no matter what I try, and I have been having a lot of bad thoughts lately, feeling that maybe the best thing I could do for my wife is just kill myself so she won't have to deal with my uselessness, or have to keep feeding someone who can't pull his own weight. She loves me, and I love her, but I don't feel like I am contributing anything to this relationship, and I honestly think she would be much better off without me dragging her down.

I don't know what this is, I don't know if it's a plea for help, or a possible remittance of surrender. All I know is I am in a dark place again, which I am used to, having been living with what I figure is depression almost my entire life, but this time I just can't pick myself up. 

I spend a lot of my time trying to pick others up, relating to them as best I can, trying to be as positive as possible, trying to stay in as positive a mindset as I possibly can, because that's who I've always wanted to be, but I feel like I am down for the count this time, and I am just tired of constantly having to get back up.

I am just so very tired. 

A guy can only take so much, and I feel I have not only crossed that threshold, but I've fallen and I am not sure if I really want to get back up.

Edit: I shortened the story a *lot*, because honestly I have been through a lot in my life. I am only 32 years old, but I have experienced enough damage to my body and psychology to make me feel 80 (including a now bad back that makes me almost incapable of doing most lifting!). Sorry for the long read, I know you most definitely have better things to do.