Being born is the worst thing that can happen to youLet me start by apologizing for my bad english, it's not my native language. I want to rant, I feel like it'll help me at least a bit.

I'm not depressed, I don't think so anyway, but I always find myself sad. I was born in a dirt poor family in a third world country. So poor that my younger sister and I would go days without eating anything. I grew up with an abusive father that once tried to kill me by smashing my head against a wall when I was 9. He would physically abuse my mom on a daily basis. He broke her arm, he would kick her, spit her etc. She never left because of religious reasons.

The nightmare ended when my father died of a sudden heart attack. I was so happy that day... I remember crying tears of joy. I felt free and motivated, but money was still a very big issue for us, so I would go and help around in my village doing manual labor, it was exhausting but I didn't care, my family had something to eat and I was able to go to school. I wanted to be successful and make my mom proud.

Despite being average, I worked harder than all my classmates. I worked myself physically and mentally to exhaustion every day. And it worked, I got into a good college and was able to work part time jobs. When college finished, I managed to land my dream job and I was making a lot of money, I got my drivers license, bought a car, moved my family to the city, started going to the gym and I felt like I made it in life.

But life isn't that easy or fair. In the past few years my life has been a living hell. My sister died in a car crash. My mom has dementia, heart issues and is unable to stand for more than a few seconds. I have to take care of her, she's my only family left and seeing her in this state makes me break down. I lost my job, and because I focused too much on building a career I have no social life. No friends. All my romantic relationships ended very quickly. Nobody to talk to. My side business failed. I lost most of my savings and investments. I tried so hard... So fucking hard, and then it all comes crashing down. I came into this world a sad dirt poor loser and it seems I'll leave the same.

I just can't keep going forward. Why should I? I have nothing. The only person keeping me from killing myself is my mom, but once she's gone I'll most likely attempt suicide. 

I'm sorry for this long rant, I just feel that if soneone reads what happened to me it'll make me feel some sort of closure, even if it's only brief.