My day may not be that bad but I still feel badAlready post this in r/depression_help but thought might post this here, since I had suicidal thoughts and close attempts to it.

This is the first time I tell the complete story, sorry to be on your feed with this long text, but I really need help.
I can't remember much of my childhood, except the pain. Not abused, but I never felt like I could Express myself at home. I felt invisible, and still do. I know my mom cares and the rest of my family too, but if I said something I'm afraid they think I'm a liar. So at a young age I became the best actor I ever known. School wasn't easy, no friends. Last year I got my first "real" friend, or what felt like it. But I dont want to drag her into my problems so I distance myself, and the same goes for everyone I know. I had to endorse years of bullying, from pre kinder to who knows . I still feel socially excluded. 
For the record, I have Autism and Hashimoto disease, which went undiagnosed for a time. Not having friends, being bullied and having issues that weren't take care of made me lose faith I'm everyone. I dont think this is my body or life anymore, I view my memories is third person. I can't trust anyone, everyone is out there to get me. I feel it. I never had stable friendships, I had trouble with feelings to the point I'm emotionally blind, unable to tell if I'm doing wrong. And then feel anxious for the fear of making a mistake, letting my ward down, and get hurt again. Every time I trusted someone they would let my down. I heard voices, saw people that others couldn't. I could feel them take over, they could move and talk in this body. I also have constant nightmares,  usually wasn't so bad, but lately is has gotten worse, like mutilations,  animal cruelty and murder, and I get to presence that in front of my eyes, it sucks. This is not my body. I want a life, a real one. My life may not look bad from the outside, but sometimes it just hits me, I feel numb almost all the time and Bam, I feel my chest hurt, and silent tears. I feel horrible and can't tell why. I'm really sceptical about therapy actually helping, I can't trust my therapist so what can they do? Sometimes beliefs I have can control my life, I'm scared. Sometimes, according to the psychologist I went to, when I was 11-12, told me I had maniac episodes. They thought I was bipolar, but the psychiatrist said I have Aspergers. This is a brief summary, there's much more detail, like other hallucinations I never told thanks to paranoia, suicidal thoughts and almost attempts, etc. Please help me.