I'm 90% sure I'm going to lose my job, and I'm concerned it will push me over the edge.Hello. I've been having a pretty rough time recently. I've lost some dear friends, and have been struggling with feeling like the effort of grinding away day to day is worth it at all, but I've been holding it together. Previously, I've attempted to commit suicide when I hit particularly low points, and now I'm worried because I feel threatened with another one. I'm paying off a small debt and all my own expenses right now, and with the little savings I have, I will struggle to hold myself up financially if I do get fired.

I'm currently working a terrible hospitality job. I spent six months being a kitchen porter for the same company, meaning I washed dishes. At one point, they had massive delays with getting their equipment fixed, and I lost a whole lot of skin off my hands washing dishes manually in chemicals that really weren't suitable. I worked in these conditions for about a month and then went to see my doctor because I had begun to bleed, as all of the layers of skin had been lost one by one. My doctor told me I couldn't work in the kitchen anymore, and they offered me a night portering position as a replacement, with which I was very pleased. After I accepted, they told me I would start on days. I have now been day portering for several weeks. This job has been a problem to me. It's a very understaffed department and is a completely different job to the one I applied to do. I generally do pretty well at it (customers tip me well and leave very positive feedback), but I have two problems in it: other departments can defer their workload to me, meaning on busy days I end up having to report incomplete tasks, and I have accidentally made an enemy of the head housekeeper (by standing up for myself when asked to do dangerous work by myself or impossible workloads), who is now trying to get me in trouble. I got a letter this morning asking for me to confirm my attendance at a HR meeting about "tasks being incomplete and attitude to colleagues and management" (which is certainly about the head housekeeper's beef with me, as I'm very careful to be extremely polite to my colleagues). Tasks being incomplete does not mean to say I am not working hard for them - on most days at work I will walk over 30000 steps (15 miles) and do upwards of five hours of strenuous activity, according to the fitbit I've taken to wearing. I often skip my breaks and stay late to get finished because of my workload. Yet, this is apparently not enough. I am suspicious that the night portering job I applied to do is not actually going to become available any time soon like they said it would, so they are getting rid of me because they have realized that I would not be willing to take on the day portering job permanently.

I am aware my employer is being difficult, and even before I got this letter I was going to quit, but to the reflexive, reactionary and emotional half of my mind, this is making me feel like I am not good enough, compounding some existing self esteem issues, and while I'm sure a few of you think I am a lazy, dramatic person, I really do not think I can work much harder. It would not be so much of a problem if I felt like I could just choose to shape up, but I swear I am already working as hard as I can, and as a result I feel very sincerely as though I am a failure. I also feel it's unfair, because I proved to them by working through my injury in the kitchen that I would work hard and make sacrifices for this minimum wage job. I have caught myself a few times considering suicide methods in absent minded moments. I am scared that I will do something dramatic if my meeting with them goes badly, even though consciously, I'm aware that I have very little to lose but my pride. I had a very difficult time at university and graduated less than a year ago with mediocre results. This is the first job I have had since graduating. I feel I failed at academia, and now am failing at practical work. I have a poor social life, few hobbies, and am beginning to feel like I am good for nothing at all.

Hopefully, by the time I wake up tomorrow, I will be in a calmer state of mind. I mostly just needed to vent. If you read this all the way through, then thank you for listening, I appreciate it.