trying to help a suicidal friend, but I fear it's hopeless**Sorry in advance for impending wall of text...**

I have a friend living in another country (he is in Japan, born and raised there) and I'm in the US. He is depressed, socially isolated, estranged from his family, his life has basically fallen apart over the past 15 years (failed academics, failed career, failed marriage). Burned lots of bridges over the years. He's working part time and just barely struggling to make it through each day financially, physically, emotionally. He's not receiving any mental health treatment/meds AFAIK.

I have kept in regular e-mail contact with him, exchanging messages every several days. As per the talking tips from the sidebar, I've focused on trying to maintain rapport, empathizing, not judging. I thought this was going alright for a while, but he's reached the point where he literally sees no hope that things can improve, but he's not brave enough to end his life. I'm empathizing with that, not telling him "it's not that bad". Honestly, his life actually is pretty bad, at least measured by what he'd wanted for his life. I know that he can still find some happiness in his life (albeit with drastically lower expectations, but I don't say that, of course). My basic message is that even though things are really bad, if he can just survive each day, then he can give himself a chance for things to get better.

For years, he's said he has no reason to go on living, but has never acted on it. But recently, he sounds like he is saying goodbye to me, thanking me for my friendship, that kind of thing. This has been going on for a few weeks now, but I still managed to keep him communicating. But his last messages have gone even more downhill, like he has to start looking for a painless way to go, wondering if he will have better luck in the "next life".

Not sure what I should do at this point. I gave him the Tokyo suicide hotline numbers a long time ago (like 5 years ago) and I could give them to him again, but at this point, I don't think he would even use it. He's just given up.

I wonder if I should advise he get professional help. I don't know if there is any way to compel treatment or even if that is possible in Japan without family involvement (as I mentioned, he's estranged from his family). We (other friends and I) have tried intervening in the past, but it just resulted in him getting angry/resentful and cutting off contact (the whole people not understanding him). So making that kind of direct appeal or action seems to go against the talking tips of empathizing and not judging.

So, yeah, not sure if I should be writing something more direct, trying to take direct action, or even if those things are possible or advisable.

Any insights/advice you can provide would be appreciated.

**TL;DR--friend on another continent is suicidal and I am out of ideas/time/options**