My suicide noteTo whom it may concern,

If you are reading this, then I am either dead, or was unsuccessful in my attempt.  If the latter is true, please stop reading, as I am disclosing this information on the grounds that I am in face deceased.

I would first off like to apologize to my mom and dad.  You have both been nothing short of amazing parents, and always put my wellbeing in front of your own.  It pains me to realize that despite the incredible efforts you made to give me every advantage possible, I was still unable to survive my own demons.  I doubt anything I can say here will convince you to not blame yourselves for this, but I promise it was nothing to do with either of you.  The most powerful force keeping me from doing this sooner was the thought of what it might do to you two.  Unfortunately the pain eventually because too great, and I needed to act more selfishly.

I’m also very sorry to you, Logan.  You already lost your mom to this and I know losing a close friend in the same manner must be terrible.  I can only hope it doesn’t drive you to do the same.  There are a lot of people that love you.  Please try to be stronger than I was.

As for why I chose to end my life, I suppose it’s the same as anyone else’s reasons.  The pain and mental anguish I experience on a day-to-day basis has become greater than the resources I possess for dealing with that pain.  I feel extreme emptiness.  I no longer have the passion or desire to do the things I once enjoyed.  Although I have just 7 credits remaining in my degree, I don’t think I can do it.  I’ve lost the motivation to do anything.  I’m lying in bed right now because I don’t want to do anything else, but I don’t even want to be lying in bed right now.  I don’t want to do anything at all.  I don’t want to exist anymore.

I feel as though nobody understands me.  I once maintained an idealist fantasy that love could save me from my demons.  I thought love could finally make me happy.  I was right, and it did.  But that was taken from me years ago.  I thought I could have it again, but I was wrong.  I was so wrong.  Living in the face of this failure is too tumultuous.  It’s just unbearable.  I can’t rely on others to make me happy.  But, I can’t be happy on my own.  So, what does that leave me with?

I know I’m acting selfishly.  I know I’m inevitably hurting others around me.  I know I’m a coward for doing this.  But, I’m only human, and humans are selfish creatures.  Why should I keep myself alive solely for the benefit of others?

I have faced this before.  I have dealt with anxiety and depression for the majority of my life.  There was always some force keeping me alive.  There was always a part of me that still wanted to be alive.  I believe now that part of me is losing, and I don’t think it’s strong enough anymore.

Thank you to everyone who showed me kindness or support.  Your efforts did not go unnoticed.  This is nobody’s fault but my own.  I hope I am remembered well.

I love you all.  Goodnight.
