I don’t know what to dotrigger warning: mentions of suicide 

I overdosed towards the end of last month and I woke up in a hospital with no recollection of how I got there.
My parents told me after 2 weeks of being back home everything that happened. And it was traumatic.
All I can hear is sirens in my head. That’s all I hear. I keep replaying the moment I woke up in a hospital room alone.
my heart won’t stop sinking.  I wish I wouldn’t have been found.
The psych hospital I stayed at was traumatizing too. They put me on the wrong unit and my life was immediately threatened by this other patient.
There was screaming,
slamming doors.
I had a panic attack and they quickly moved me to the right unit. 
I thought I was safe. I had been on that unit before. A couple days passed and I got a new roommate. She immediately asked me if I liked girls. Which I found odd, but I figured maybe it was friendly. She told me she did, so I responded and said I did too. I thought that I’d have someone there to share something in common with. The conversations moved deeper and deeper into discomfort. She asked me if I liked anyone there, I told her no- that’s not what I was there for. She asked me if I had ever been on a date, my sexual history, my preferences. She pushed and pushed and I told her I wasn’t comfortable talking about it. She didn’t stop though. Days passed and she followed me around everywhere. She was attached at my hip. The questions continued and she moved closer and closer in proximity to me. Eventually I just decided to space myself from her, so I found a quiet corner everytime she was around and pulled out my journal to look like I was occupied. She followed me, and when I finally told her I wanted to be alone she circled around me in laps. She literally walked around the entire room and circled around me. 

One day she asked to borrow a shirt. I said that was okay and went to get a shirt for her. she walked in and closed the door. I held the shirt out to her, thinking she’d go change in the bathroom or I’d leave. Instead she undressed completely in front of me.
I felt frozen. she kept moving closer to me.. until I pushed behind her and left the room.

It feels so stupid- because she never touched me. But she moved closer and closer to doing something. I saw the signs, because I’ve been through this before- just not the same gender. 
I feel so dumb. But if a man had done this wouldn’t there be hell to pay? I knew if I didn’t do something she would touch me. She would go for it, despite the boundaries I placed and the severe discomfort I portrayed. I told a nurse. She switched me out of our room. 
I thought maybe that would be the end to most of it, considering she couldn’t do too much in sight. But she just pushed further and further and got closer and closer. She’d sit beside me at the table and slip her hand onto my leg. It got to the point I isolated myself from everyone. I stayed in my room or my corner. I was on edge for days. a week. there wasn’t one moment I didn’t have my eye on her. finally I told my parents. They called my doctor and I was discharged early.

I still feel on edge. I still hear the sirens. I still feel my heartbeat the moment I woke up in that hospital room. Now I feel stuck. I failed to escape. again. And now I know there’s no sense in trying, but I desperately don’t know how I can cope with things anymore.

I don’t know how to live.