Just so tired of my social anxietyI was diagnosed with social anxiety a few years ago when I went to therapy, but in hindsight I guess it's been with me since I was 10 years old. Basically social anxiety means that in the prospect of future social interactions, during those social interactions, and afterwards whenever I'm evaluating those interactions  I experience much more stress than the average person. I know fully well that it is an irrational fear, but the lack of basis for the anxiety doesn't take the anxiety away. Not one single bit.

I did CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy) with my therapist. Basically this teaches you to evaluate whether your anxiety is rational or not, and when it becomes clear that it isn't it should be easier to override it or ignore it. Other therapeutic methods work similarly (eg. mindfulness/meditation is designed to simply accept those feelings of anxiety whenever they come up and let them go, instead of feeding on them). Anyway I have since done some more research into social anxiety. For some people the anxiety gradually lessens throughout their life; others have to live with it their entire life. And in any case there is no magic cure.

Anyway, I attempt to keep up something of a normal existence (I go to college, to a sports club now and then, have a fun night with fellow students I am close with every now and then, etc.) but it just tires me out so much. Especially when I realize that I never seem to be making any progress - I still have practically no job to speak of, I still live at home with my parents, I still have no idea what I want to do in the future, I still have this embarassing stutter, and on and on... And most importantly, I still experience the same stress in the prospect of any given social interaction.

I honestly want to believe that change is not only possible, but that I am actually likely to achieve it, but it is already an uphill struggle to just keep up the life I have so far. It just doesn't seem a realistic hope. And it is just so fucking tiring (lately I've been wondering if I am entering depression because of this). I just want to stop having to worry all the time.