It would be so easy, wouldn't it? It'd take it all away.. free me.Hi, im very young and lost. The last few month weren't the most pleasant ones..

I'm living in a 1st world country, coming from a 3rd world one. My father worked very hard in his life to get us finally here. A better education, better health system and insurance. 

Coming into this country I always had the feeling to suceed. To make my father proud. To make him see that even I can work as hard as he did. To make it far in this world. I would kill for feeling like that again.

As the younger sibling, I was cared for in every way. My brother made sure to play with me and my parents made sure to get me the best education. It all also started off so well. I was an A+student. Not even an A-. Ever. After all these years my parents couldn't even imagine me getting anything less than that.

As a matter of result, I got accepted into a very high level school. Even the same one my brother got into! I felt I had finally achieved something.. this was the beginning of my depression.

My brother took the change from leaving our old friends in our home country behind quite easy. He started going out on weekends sometimes with his new friends. Then, always more and more regularly. He was soon confronted with alcohol and drugs. Apparantly he didn't say no to them. This is also where his education slacked since he was going out every second evening. Once arriving home, fully drunk, my parents lost all their respect for him and barely regarded him as family. I wouldn't sink into this mess.. I would know better. Or did I?

I promised myself that I would not ever go out to one of those parties where a lot of my age group met.I knew they were already doing alcohol, even though they were years too young to do it legally. I could only imagine that if I would join in there I would become like that too slowly. As a matter of fact, I ended up as this unsocial piece of shit I am. I didn't even have a girlfriend so far in my live. How fuckin sad is that? On top of that, the expectations of my parents grew. They knew I had several years of education in front of me, but would easily become the likes of a doctor or even an architect some day. Since my brother still didn't quit alcohol they completely disregarded him. All their hopes were lying on me. The pressure I felt was enorm.

The first 2 years went fine, I was still the A student, but with occasionally some Bs here and there. It didn't get easier. My parents were incredibly mad at me for getting those Bs. That was the first time I finally realized the burden my brother had put on me. As a matter of result, I got a near panic attack at my very first C. How would I explain my parents that? Would they hit me? They certainly did in my past so I wouldn't be surprised. Would they just be disappointed? Would they abandon me like my brother? 

Short said, the pressure grew over me. I couldn't take it any more. I needed another world instead of books I could flee into. Already half ended up as this socially awkward guy I am, I looked for video games and became addicted. My grades sank, my parents were incredibly angry with me, kept threatening me with sending me back to my home country. They hit me as well, though I didn't care too much about that. I can take some violence.

The last few weeks were completely horrible. I was confronted with my very first F and knew there was no way explaining it to my parents. So I lied. I told them I got a C-. I could get that grade until the end of the year and they would never have to find out about that test. Unfortunately they did. As I tried explaining them how I would improve on that until the end of the semester they didn't want to hear anything of that. They themselves made an appointment with the teacher, telling him I wanted to take the test again. I couldn't do it. I just wasn't in any way gifted in that subject. I try reading the books again and again but I don't get anything off it. I can't concentrate for 5 minutes straight, my thought always filled with fear. I played truant for a couple of days. Needed a break. A rest.

As my skipping school came to the light, I quote my father "I don't even care anymore. I don't even care if you die or even I die. You're done. Do you even know how much I wanted to kill you the moment I heard of the news?". And this got me thinking. Whether it was the heat of the moment going through my father's head, the words certainly left an impression. He threw most my free time stuff away and left me in my room with my schoolbooks and my netbook which I use for working. Without anything to do I tried preparing for the next test and couldn't even read one of the 1000 sentences straight without thinking about my life. How simple it would be to end it all. It would free me? I know it's a cowards way out but I don't see anything else right now. I found myself googling easy and cheap ways to die, until I finally realized I'm getting suicidial.

 This certainly could be the last thing anybody is ever going to read from me, so I'm just going to say: I love you all. And I wich each and every one of you a happy, fulfilling live. Peace.
