I don’t want to continue anymore.This is my first real post so I’m sorry if I don’t format it very well and I’m on my phone. 

Let me just start out by explaining why I’ve come to this point and why I’ve made up my mind. I’m an 18 year old male who has nothing left. 

So starting from very young, I’ve always lived in a very problematic home. I lived with my mom and my dad and they seemed very amicable at least to everyone else. My mom was a control freak and a compulsive liar. My dad was a methamphetamine addict. My family was estranged and I was not allowed to go out except for school. 

I suffered a difficult relationship with my mother because I could never make choices on my own. We were a pretty well off family so we didn’t really have to struggle for money, well not then. However, because of the money my mother felt the need to control every choice I made down to the clothes I wore everyday because she wanted to make herself seem like a perfect mother to the outside world. I would try to live my life in a relatively safe and healthy way, but I found it difficult to do anything. Even when it came down to dieting or my health, ultimately she had the final say. She was very stubborn and misinformed so when I was sick instead of taking me to the doctors or getting medicine, she would impose her own “healing” methods at my expense. There was a time when I was 8 where I fell down from my scooter and dislocated my shoulder and tore my rotator cuff. I was in serious pain, but my mother took it as a ploy to defy her so she refused to take me to the hospital. She would pull on my arm when I was asleep to check if I was faking my injury and even when I woke up screaming in pain she refused to believe me. Even now at 18 years old I suffer from chronic pain from waiting too long to see a doctor to get it fixed and I only ever went to the doctor at the begging of the closest family member we had at the time, my aunt. Things like this were common and it ultimately led me to resent my mother. 

My father on the other hand, made my mother seem like a saint. My dad had been in and out of jail at least 10 times. Some visits to the slammer because of meth possession and other times for domestic abuse. My childhood years, instead of being filled by fond memories of learning to ride a bike or having quality time with him, were instead replaced with memories or him incoherently babbling while high on meth and asking me if I could see things that weren’t really there. On top of that he would regularly beat my mother in front of me and then move on to do the same to me. He would not allow me to leave the house or form any friends. He didn’t allow me to have any toys or play. Whenever he would catch me enjoying myself he would like to make me stand straight against the wall facing it. If I slouched or shifted my weight, I would either be met with him slamming my face into the wall or whipping me across the back with a phone charger or any other thing he could find. He would make me stand for hours against the wall. He didn’t have a visa so whenever he’d get arrested he’d get deported back to Mexico, but every single time my mom would pay people to help him cross the border even when I would beg her not to. It always ended the same. He would come home, be sober for a week or 2, and then go right back to meth and the beatings would start almost daily after that. At the moment I haven’t seen him in a few years, because I decided to call the police on him after he started beating my mother in the bathroom with the door locked and I decided that was enough. He was wanted by the FBI after attempting to murder someone he didn’t like a couple months prior. So he was put away for a few years and then deported. 

The dynamic that formed between my parents was toxic, but it seemed like any frustration or hatred my mom had towards my dad was directed towards me. She would lie to our family members whenever they asked and I’d hear her on the phone bad mouthing me. Now that I’m older I tend to believe she did it to make me seem like a bad kid so no one would believe me in case I said anything about the daily beatings. But I hated both of them. I hated my mother and my father and I went as far as to wish that they were dead. An 8 year old child wishing for the death of both his parents. 

It wasn’t until I was about 12 that I met the rest of my aunts and cousins. And up until then I had no idea what a normal person did. Seeing my cousins have toys and phones and seeing them being able to have fun and not be worried made me extremely jealous. I wanted a family too and I longed for someone to impress. But because of everything my mom would lie to them about, they always left me out of things. I was alienated and treated like I was my father, who they knew beat my mom and did drugs, but never said anything. I started to hate myself at that tome because I felt like it was all my fault that this was happening to me. I drifted away from everyone and now I have no one that I really trust to talk about in my family. 

Fast forward 5 years to recently now. I was 17. I had already given up hope I’m being happy and accepted that maybe I was just meant to suffer my whole life. It was my junior year of high school and I didn’t know if I even wanted to continue living. And that’s when by a stroke of luck I was randomly seated at the same table as the girl who would go on to become the first person I loved and my hope.

At first we didn’t like each other very much, but when we started talking it became we had chemistry between us and just clicked. I thought and I still do think, that she is the most beautiful girl I’ve ever met in my life. We talked for a while and I became confident that she liked me. I asked her out and she said no. This hurt, but not enough to bring me down lower than I already was. But it wasn’t over yet, I asked her to prom and she said yes. I went from being a relatively unknown person at high school, to going to prom with the potential prom queen. She didn’t end up winning, but we shared a moment on a Ferris wheel that spun for like 20 minutes straight and at that moment I fell in love with her. We texted and talked every single day all day for the following months and then after a while I asked her if the feelings weren’t mutual. She said they were. I asked why she wasn’t together with me. And she said and I quote: “because you haven’t asked me.”

This was what I thought the turning point of my life. We started dating and it felt amazing. Everything went perfectly and I enjoyed every second. And then being at the time, me 17 and her just barely having turned 18 a couple weeks ago, it came time to be intimate. This was a huge step for me as I had been sexually abused as a child and this step was hard for me to take. But I took it. And from then on it became something a lot more serious for me. After about 5-6 months of dating problems started to arise. We started arguing over nothing and it became hard for us to get along. It didn’t take long after that to break up. And a series of little breaks ups ensued where we would end things for a few days or even a few hours and then immediately get back together. 

About a month ago things ended. This time she didn’t come back. I was devastated. Every time I was with her, it was as if my past melted away and her family became my family. I wallowed in sadness. She has finally at me experience a real Christmas with a family, a real thanksgiving, a real Fourth of July. I, for the first time, sat down around the table with a family to eat together. And now it was all gone. 

10 days ago I tried to commit suicide by taking a whole bottle of percocets the doctor had prescribed for me because of a pain I had in my side. For some reason it didn’t kill me. I woke up in the hospital alive. And I cried. I didn’t want to be there. Everyone came to say they loved me, but all that ended very quickly when they got over it. The girl I loved came to visit me after not seeing her for a long time and we spent about 4 hours together just laughing and singing. And then they sent me to a mental institution for a few days where I had no contact with the outside world. When I got out the first thing I did was message her. We ended up talking on the phone and she said she still loved me. 

Now I’m here. Knowing deep down that she doesn’t care for me, but only feels sorry for me. I’m really tired of everything. I lived through from ages 6-16. For 10 years I was treated like I was scum and neglected. I have nothing left to care for on my life. 

I want to end my life.