HiBefore I start, I want to state that I don't feel like ending my life. Not right now. But I need to talk.

Honestly, I don't really know what to say. I just want to talk. Talk to someone that isn't of value to my life (no offense, readers). Talk to someone that has nothing at stake. I feel this way often. I think about getting a blog or a journal or even a psychologist, but none of that fits the bill that I'm trying to pay. So... here I am, typing out to reddit, without a throwaway.

I suffer depression, anxiety, and severe panic disorder. I quit smoking cigarettes by replacing it with marijuana. I quit because they smell bad (14 years long), my family judges me for it and honestly, I can't afford it anymore.

Now, I smoke weed only occasionally, and I intend to stop soon. Sometimes it relaxes me, sometimes it makes me go into a full-blown panic attack where I feel like I'm having a real heart attack. I need something to fill that cigarette gap. Lately I've been drinking a lot of coffee instead. It's not helping me sleep, and tends to leave me more prone to panic attacks.

I've lost a handful of family members and a second handful of friends to suicide. Depression and anxiety run deep in my family. The panic is more rare, and I'm quite certain no one in my family has it as badly as I do. It physically hurts. It's crippling.

I tried to swallow a mouth full of pills sometime around three years ago. It was a brash, emotional and scary moment in my life. It was scary. It was the first time I ever stood on that line. Like a flag on a calm day, waiting for the first draft to sway me one way or the other. Still, it wasn't the scariest moment I've ever been in.

Often, I feel alone and lonely. Yet, I choose to shove myself into a corner in the dark and talk to no one. I'm angry and annoyed often. I feel like the ones I love and trust the most are going to stab me in the back. I let little things ruin my whole day. I keep quiet about how I feel until I know how to convey it... but by then I've stewed over and tend to overdo it.

Done with my rant... I want to share the scariest moment I've ever dealt with. Driving down a country road, by myself. A great day. Happy. Beautiful outside, the windows down, the sun still high. The urge to pull my vehicle hard to the right and into a tree. That's what makes this so scary. It lingers and it tugs and it calls and it tears me apart. I have so many reasons to be happy and alive. Still, like a fly in the kitchen that just keeps reappearing, I get these urges. 

I'm sorry if this post was a waste of your time. I just really needed to get this off my chest without any judgment. Though, I may have ruined my anonymity with too many details. If you think you know who I am after reading this, please don't approach me about this post. Approach me like you would any other day.