I don't want to live, and haven't for some time.I just needed to write this out, didn't really know anywhere else relevant to put it. Sorry in advance for rambling.

---

I'm not sad so much as I am angry. I'm angry that my parents had me. Why couldn't it have been someone else? Why do *I* have to exist? They deserve better. I didn't sign up for this shit. I never asked to be born. I never signed up to be intelligent, nor to be weird, nor socially awkward, nor ugly.

I'm angry at the un-empathetic assholes out there who say stuff like "suicide is selfish". Fuck them; life isn't opt-in, so it has to be opt-out, don't try to guilt trip me into giving up my right to leave. I'm angry that politics is so complex, convoluted and corrupt. I'm angry at the existence of only-human bullshit like the stock market. Like huge militaries. Like the fact that nearly every technological marvel of the modern age is either an advanced death machine, or came from one. And we're too busy sharpening our knives that we can't even get back to the moon.

I'm angry at all the massively complex abstractions and structures society has built to account for one overarching truth: people fucking suck, and we largely only care about ourselves.

I can't keep up with my college studies, because I have almost no energy or motivation, despite the subjects being the things I've always wanted to do. I've already dropped out of one degree, and was incredibly lucky to get the opportunity to do an even better one. Now I might get kicked out of it, because I'm liable to fail at least another paper this semester (two fails in a row is enough to flag you as an unrecoverably bad student apparently).

I submitted a disastrous full-year group project a few days ago. We barely passed. I fucked it up for the others by being so tired and unavailable. I don't even know how to apologise for that. I'm literally useless. Exams are in two weeks, and I need to basically get straight As in them to pass my courses.

It's funny to think that all the suffering I experience, all the irritation I cause other people, all the arrogance of people who presume to know the magnitude of what or how I feel... It's all just a bunch of chemicals whirling around inside a structure made from other chemicals. Everything seems irrelevant in the scheme of things, and I despise nearly all of it.

I stay awake all night and I sleep all day. The sun is coming up now and I haven't even started feeling tired yet, just a burning rage at myself and at society. There are good days and bad days; I don't know how much time I have left in me, whether it's hours, days or decades, but my life is following a bad trajectory and I don't think it'll be much longer until I'm gone.

---

I just needed to write this out, didn't really know anywhere else relevant to put it. Sorry for rambling.