Maybe I was never supposed to be bornBy the time my mom was pregnant with me, my mom and dad’s relationship was beyond toxic. He was very abusive and allegedly pushed her down the stairs when she was 7 months pregnant with me. When my mom finally came to her senses and finally divorced home when I was 10 after all the damage has been done to us and her, my dad stopped talking to me. As if I never existed.. like he was only there for me because he wanted to be with my mom. 

At this stage in my life my mom is a total piece of shit to us because she’s bitter about being a single mother. Mind you these are my most crucial years, being a teenager. She was straight up mean, unsupportive, dismissive and abusive but especially towards me. Almost all the fights that went down in our household, I had the most with my mom. She was ruthless and would jump on me about anything. After having my own kid I often wonder how any mom could get to that point with their child where they feel so angry that they would literally fight their own child. It was abuse and it was horrific. I was treated like dog shit, never praised for anything even though I was the only one to excel at sports and have the best grades among her children. I honestly wish my mom would have accidentally killed me in one of the many fights. It would have made more sense.

Not to mention all the people in my town that hate me. I have a lot of enemies some of which I don’t even know about. They’ve even took it as far as coming to my house and jumping me. I was beaten by at least 14 girls. My mom was there and saw it all happen. She actually told me she didn’t want to jump in because she didn’t want to lose her job.. that’s how valuable I am to her. But she told me she did because she couldn’t just let it happen. After it all happened and she helped me press charges she kept reminding me the whole time how she was taking time out of her day to do this and none of this would have happened if I kept my mouth shut. The same things she’s been saying to me after every time she’s fought me. 

My current boyfriend hates me as well at this point. I’ve had so many problems and traumas that I’ve spilled them over onto him. He was a happy person with a good upbringing. Now that he’s with me he is more hostile and changed a lot of his happy ways. When we first started dating we got into a fight, I hit him. I don’t know why.. but ever since our relationship has been violent. Our last physical fight he really let his anger out. He was punching me while I was on the ground.. that’s how mad he was. I know it’s not his fault because I’ve introduced him to this dynamic but I can’t help but feel like all that anger behind the slaps and punches is from what I’ve done to him. He broke up with me while I was pregnant because I was so overwhelmed with anger and hormones and started dating another girl. Eventually we got back together and he told me that she treated him better for that whole two weeks than I did the entire relationship and he’s right. Every person I come into contact with hates me in one way or another and I just don’t blame them anymore. I’ve hid my anger and sadness for so long that is has manifested and my personality is based off these covered emotion that I’ll never be able to get rid of.

I haven’t talked to my mom In a month and now she really hates me. I was just trying to kind of heal these scars and be away from her for a while but now I know she knows and she’s not worried because I simply don’t matter. My boyfriend talks about how annoying I am and I’m absolutely positive everyone else is feeling the same. I’ve messed up so much and there is no changing your reputation in people’s hearts... so this is how I’ve come to the conclusion that my life was a significant mistake. I was made out of anger, desperation and pity. And as the product, I am unstable, anxious and depressed. Life is really hard knowing that you were a huge mistake and I really hope one day I can end what was never meant to be.