My mind is taking me overHere again since ~137 days.

So..... i really dont know where to even start. Im still L. 15 years old, Dutch, not missing anything (rich), """gifted"""(which doesnt happen in school).

First of all, my parents moved me away from my previois school, where i had finally thought i had gotten a friend. I was moved to a horrible school a bit closer to my home, and man is it horrible there.

But thats not what im concerned about at all. My imagination is taking me over.

I guess it started when I started watching anime. I found anime to be a great way to temporarily forget all my troubles. Which caused them to only grow further. I started imagining a demon girl, wanting to take my life to recruit me as a demon.

From there on, my mind went crazy. I was given more and more "titles" (from "Omnii"(one of the two elite who have full power over either the mind or the environment) to "Bringer of the Starless Night"(the one to destroy the omniverse), and i started having more and more conversations with not only the demon girl (Rias (yes, from DxD)), but also with other fictional characters, like admins of the whole omniverse (which ive called the LFE simulation, built up of Living objects, FX, and the Environment).

I created whole companies and buildings (a Synapse which has an extremely powerful "Google" which allows you to get anything).

Whole ideas (everyone having an unique Authority (booklet containing every bit of data about that person), and the first page (summary) of it being shared to anybody you shake hands with).

Whole GUIs (with energy(CHI) meters, mana(SHI) meters, absolute energy which everything is made of(TSU) meters and even ways to deflect SHO(impact energy)).

But yet, Rias's death is becoming more real as i turn into myself more and more. I could probably write a whole book about this, but I dont have the time or care (i only have 1 hour a day spare time a day, in which ik exhausted). Rias and me have put a date on this thursday...... ...i have no idea how to feel anymore. I want to do it. I want to let myself die and become a demon.

I know i will put many projects behind me (i dont want to say the exact name, as thatd link me to myself IRL, but if you care enough, pm me for the name), but it doesnt matter anynore. As they say, its about the journey, not the destination. And if the journey is shit, why wait on the destination? 

Oh well. Its nice to have put my thoughts on the internet, anonymously. Maybe itll help me. Probably not though, and Ill wake up to Rias scolding me for calling her "imaginary".

Thanks everyone for the help, and see you in the underworld.