not my first time posting here and wont be the last but im actually gonna do it some daycoming here occasionally here to type this out really helps me calm my mind. even though i type the same shit every time but i just need to vent this way. this time whats different is i finally set my mind that im actually going to do it, just not yet..ill get to that near the end...anyways.. im 26, im a virgin and never had a gf, i havent held a job since i got fired for bs reasons back in january, i havent even hung out with most of my close friends for a year now, i keep asking and they always have an excuse and  im always the one to ask them, i never get asked anymore. i also find myself unpleasant to look at, im over weight as hell with no motive or desire to change it, im balding already in the back along with a horrible receeding hair line in the front. i have stomach issues that causes me to use the toilet a lot, especially right after eating so i cant even enjoy going out to eat anymore without the fear of crapping my brains out right after as i have an issue with using public bathrooms, i need to see a doctor but without a job or health insurance i just cant afford it, which is also the reason my OSA (obstructive sleep apnea) is the way it is, i cant even sleep without waking up multiple times gasping for air and having trouble breathing then waking up with headaches all cause i cant afford the bipap machine i need.  i have high functioning aspergers as well, i have constant anxiety and depression, and im always in a bad mood, literally the slightest sound makes me so angry , i just feel like it needs to be insanely quiet at all times unless the noise is made by me. i spend most of my time with my earbuds in thinking about how much better my life could of been if some things were just slightly different. over time i lost faith in what belief i had of any religion, i decided that im just gonna end it all some day and have my method planned, the excuse that i used on why i havent done it yet was because i just couldnt handle the thought of how my mom would take it, as it was hard enough for us when my grandpa died in an accident and my grandma dying of chemo, (i lived my entire life in the same house as all 3, my grandpa died when i was 18 and my grandma when i was 22 or 23) so i lost most of who i was close with besides my mom so same goes for her which is why i cant do it while shes still alive, yet at the same time i also thought of my 2 dogs of 8/10 years, which was originally my grandparents but ever since they both died i took more responsiblity with them, but one had to be put down 2 years ago because of pancreatitis,  and the one who is still alive is blind and has diabetes and spends most of her time in bed with me since she cant see. its gotten to the point where i think im gonna be selfish and still do it after my dog dies even if my mom is still alive, dont think id be right in the head anyways after that day comes as im so close with my dog. just really cant wait for this day to come, not many people would care anyways. not sure if anyone will read all this but i feel better typing it out anyways