It's official; I'm beyond help...A few days ago, I moved up to D.C. to live with my friend and his wife. They're really outgoing people. Apparently they bought me a ticket to go on a boat, where they were goin to meet a bunch of othe friends, along with a bunch of other people, which blared music and served booze for a solid two hours. The plan was we would do that, then go to someone else's apartment for a good view of the fireworks.

The moment we stepped onto the boat, I started to fall apart. I don't know what it is, but the more I see other people enjoying themselves, the worse I get. It's not just anxiety; I *hate* these people. I hate that they can laugh and dance and touch each other, so I just found a spot on the boat to stay away from everybody, because I'd rather be alone than make anyone else unhappy.

I wind up talking to one of the girls there -- one I've met before, who I really like but is dating someone else -- and I assume out of politeness, invites me to this family get-together today. Even though I felt like a downer yesterday, I was actually planning to go.

Well, today I hear my friend and his wife upstairs arguing, and I'm fairly certain it was about me coming. He wants me to go, because he knows I'm going through severe depression, but where they're going in her best friend's house, where they're staying the night. I already got the vibe she doesn't like me -- or a at least doesn't like how my friend acts around me, as I think he "tries to be funny" more when I'm around -- but I could tell, she thought I was going to ruin their trip today. So it was kind of unspoken that I was going to stay here.

Here, alone, in this house that I jus moved into three fucking days ago, where I don't know a single fucking person, and I'm already on the verge of just slitting my wrists.

As soon as he walked out the door, they hadn't even pulled out of their driveway yet, I just started crying my eyes out. I feel completely alone, unwanted, like my presence alone makes everything worse for everybody. I want so much for someone to be happy to see me, to stick around long enough to see the real me, underneath all these mental issues, but I feel like that person is dying, suffocating on all these emotions.

So here I am, my friends are going to West Virginia, and I didn't even realize they were staying the night there until just before they left. I'm alone until tomorrow, and I'm just trying to think what the most polite way of killing myself is. I don't have a gun, and I don want to do anything in their new house.