I don't even know what to say anymoreI'm just starting to run out of words. I've been suicidal for so long and feel almost as though I've been "living past my expiry date" for a good year now. I should have died already and everything just feels like a complete waste of time. The only reason I've stayed alive this long because of the one person I really can't stand hurting, but I'm at the point now where that's not enough to stop me anymore.

Every day is just consumed by thinking through the different methods and how I'll go about it, everything gets put on standby in my mind because "there's no point doing that coz I'm gonna die soon anyway". I just don't see the point in life at all, we're just going through the motions and we all end up dying anyway. I always thought therapy and medication would at least be somewhat helpful, but all it did was make me see how totally pointless life was when it didn't help me at all. I'm really glad it works for some people, but what the fuck do you do when it doesn't work?? What other option is there?

I don't even feel like I should be writing this post. I'm not a person worthy of having a voice or talking to, let alone being alive. I can't make good relationships with people and I don't have any motivation to do anything these days. Hell, I can't even read anymore. Years of my life spending hours a day reading and loving every second of it, now to barely be able to concentrate on the book long enough to read a few pages.That and writing, my two biggest passions, gone down the drain. I don't even have enough concentration to write letters to the people I love before I go. I wish more than anything to at least leave them with some beautiful words from me, but I sit and I try and there's just nothing. Soon I'll just be gone and there'll be nothing left, although I can't tell you how much I long for it. 

I don't know why I'm pouring my heart out like this, it's so hard to talk about this stuff even with the people I'm close to. I guess I just need to tell someone and I don't want to end up in hospital. I'm really so over it all. I'm not going to kill myself tonight, I'm still working out the details, but it won't be long now and honestly I just can't wait. 