At what point is it better to die than to live this way?I've been struggling with this condition for 8 months now, with no sign of recovery.

90% of my waking life my mind is blank: completely devoid of mental activity. It is a constant struggle of mine to maintain any form of awareness. Additionally, my short term and long-term memory function at nearly amnesiac levels and my ability to focus and (simply put) think are at an atrociously low level. My brain has a complete absence of mental activity. This subjective experience is hard for me to quantify or explain; but almost all the time my mind is completely blank, like a zombie. In a sense, I’m mentally catatonic, like someone gave a computer the wattage of a light bulb: just enough energy to give the appearance of awareness. Every moment I’m awake is a struggle to maintain some form of consciousness. When not stimulated by loud music, video games or the constant novelty of the Internet I “zone out.” My mind is completely empty; there is no thought whatsoever. 

This brings me to my memory issues (both short and long term); trying to remember what I did as recently as yesterday requires a huge amount of effort. Sometimes I'll be able to remember scattered details about the day before like where I had lunch, but memories are scattered and non-linear. Trying to remember something that happened a day ago, a week ago, or a year ago feels the same. There is just no clarity of memory.

 I feel perpetually "spaced out", my mind feels foggy, as though I'm in a dream or under the influence of some substance. I feel awake yet not awake, sleepy although im physically fully awake. I have trouble with social interaction because I just don't know what to say most of the time. Frequently i have to stop and think of a decent response, just to look normal because otherwise there'd be nothing I have to say. The times I do have something to speak up on, I often stutter because I have trouble finding the right words to use or put them together in a sentence. There are times where I'll just mentally blank out mid-utterance and have not a clue what I wanted to say next. I feel like I'm just existing in this one moment, with no past, no connection to the present, and no future.

I'd rather die than live the rest of my life as this empty shell of a person.