What am I missing?I was about to write "I hope I am missing something" as the title, but that would be wrong, I am not 'hoping' per se, more like I'm checking one more time if I left the stove on before I leave.

There's nothing for me in here, I hold very little value for money, belongings, social status. And people are worthless to me because they value the aforementioned, are making themselves about those and from those. I am afraid that if I explain myself or my views fully, I'll infect someone else with this, but be warned: I'll elaborate and will tell my views if asked, they might seem not that bad at first or for a few years, but it's a seed that grows slowly. So don't be arrogant about it: it's nothing special, it's not a big secret and that's the twist.

Anyway.. There's just no point going on, there's nothing here for me that I can see. To me life seems to be just a waiting place for death, to keep yourself busy so death can surprise you. But how to keep yourself busy I nothing holds meaning to me? I can't get attached to things that disappear eventually, I am too emotional for that. My memories of the most beautiful, wonderful and magnificent people I have met are torturing me as it is. And I don't want any more pain. The most meaningful things hurt the most, and that's why I don't want them, because the pain is always the last thing of that deal. That's what I am left with. 

And if I continue regardless, it will eventually lead me to the same conclusion: the pain kills me. Life is so beautiful that it kills me. So why die in pain, when it is possible to die without it? If I don't take life to my heart, then there's no point continuing either, because I'm holding back; nothing is that important to me; it's meaningless.

So here's why I am writing this: is something I am missing, before I make the biggest decision I can ever make? An unchecked stove somewhere? If so, where should I look for it when I am somewhat aware of this:
&gt;A Sioux creation story says that long ago the Creator gathered all of Creation and said, "I want to hide something from the humans until they are ready for it. It is the realization that they create their own reality."

&gt;The eagle said, "Give it to me, I will take it to the moon."

&gt;The Creator said, "No. One day they will go there and find it."

&gt;The salmon said, "I will bury it on the bottom of the ocean."

&gt;"No. They will go there too."

&gt;The buffalo said, "I will bury it on the Great Plains."

&gt;The Creator said, "They will cut into the skin of the Earth and find it even there."

&gt;Grandmother Mole, who lives in the breast of Mother Earth, and who has no physical eyes but sees with spiritual eyes, said, "Put it inside of them."

&gt;And the Creator said, "It is done."

Also this might be a **long** conversation or the shortest ever, with no reply. So if you are not up to "the challenge" help someone else, your words may be wasted on me. Speak from the heart and if nothing comes up, then continue on it's not your fight. Truth should be effortless. But don't be intimidated, your words can make a difference, who knows it can be as little as "Dude, you forgot to drink your coffee" and then it all dawns on me lol.. no promises though.. don't beat yourself up.. but anyway, I wanna go, so did leave something undone? Something worth checking out? Inb4 ur lyfe, AC movie, Rogue one movie, and the year 2017

Thanks in advance