I don't know if I'll make it through the weekI don't even know what to put here or where to begin. I can't seem to finish anything I start ever, all I want to do is cry, my anxiety is through the roof constantly, I feel like I'm always on the brink of a panic attack. Most of the time I feel like I'm vibrating. My depression is literally crushing me, it seems to take too much effort for me to move or even breathe, I don't know how to even tell anyone how hard my day to day life has become. I've gotten by for so long just pretending to be okay and trying to just find what makes me happy, lately though nothing can do that anymore or what would is extremely unattainable. My life is not sustainable, here I am at 20, not even able to finish high school,not able to keep up with day to day hygiene, not able to even fathom getting or keeping a job, or especially the complications it will cause in my life financially. I just found out that even if I do get SSDI, which I highly doubt because they don't really like to give it to people my age or with my ailments, Severe Depression, Severe Generalized Anxiety, and PTSD, along with many other not double confirmed disorders, like Identity, that when I turn 65 it would be shut off and I'd be fucked anyways, not to mention I'm going to inherit my mothers incalculable debts and have to take care of her when her SSDI goes off in a measly 20 years?! I don't even know what to do anymore, I cry at the thought of even trying to go back to finish high school, it's too overwhelming, I can't seem to get anyone to understand either, like I KNOW i can do it, I just can't do it. I'm fucking drowning in this reality and I want a way out because I can't do this at all, I'm alone here, I don't have the help I need, I need therapy or something but I can't even begin to fathom affording something like that now that I'm not a foster kid. I just want a little cabin and three acres or less of land just a little south of here, I'll grow my food I don't know, it's just all too complicated and I can't take it. I can't understand the laws or the math and money, I don't want to anymore, I don't want the life everyone else does but my dreams, no, my settling for as little as possible, would still be far beyond my capabilities. I can't do school, in class, online or otherwise, I can't, it's way too much I can't handle it, I can't get a job because that's too complicated as it is and I live in government subsidized housing run by assholes that don't care about the people at all, so even if I did get a job it would actually make my life worse right now. I can't even think of college or even watch or listen to anything about it because I have to hold back rivers of tears every fucking time. I used to love to do so many things but now I really can't handle even my own interests, I can't sit and play music, everything I do sounds like shit, I can't even listen to anything every thing I used to like sounds like shit to me now except Nirvana, I can't get into meditating or yoga or any kind of exercise anymore, I miss being like a kid and just spending my time outside but it's too fucking cold for that right now and I can't really do that for months still, I hate the fact that I can never feel warm period, I miss sitting beside a hot wood stove and reading, back when I could still concentrate long enough to read. I can't sit and draw because everything looks shitty and I can't even begin to think of what to draw anyway. Oh great and now I'm being kicked off because my mother's being a cunt. I fucking hate my life.