My best friend of more than 5 years just called me saying she's tired of it allMy friend, let's call her Rose, called me a few hours ago asking why I still cared about her. I told her that it was because no one else helped me out in the way that she did. 
Rose then continued by saying that she tried to give herself a concussion (I'm not sure how) because she was tired of it all. 

She said she had an argument with her mother and things started to escalate. From the years i've known Rose, I've learned that her father is an alcoholic, and her mother is really busy. Her familial relationship with her parents is basically very volatile. Every now and then i'd get a message on Facebook from Rose saying that her dad got mad at her for making small mistakes at something he told her to do, or that her grandmother is mad at Rose for trying to correct her. 

Earlier today Rose messaged me saying that she was tired of it all, and that she was a big disappointment to everyone she cared about. She told me that she was too much of a coward to pull through with it, and at that point I was panicking. 

I tried to tell her to hold on, and to say that she did matter, but all she kept saying back was "I don't matter, I'm too much of a disappointment, find someone else to love". I tried to reason with her but she kept saying that her flaws outweigh any of her redeeming qualities, and that she should just do it there. 

Fortunately before anything else, her parents came home and she had to open the house gate for them.

 So she's safe, for now. I wanted to tell her to call the local Suicide Hotline, but with posts like [these](https://imgur.com/a/gPAHmp6) floating around, I think that would only do more harm than good.


Translation:

2nd Tweet

&gt;They answered one Sunday "Sorry I'm at a mass right now, but there's a hospital near you"

4th tweet:

&gt;I tried it too, but they told me to seek help from a Psychologist. They don't even say words of advise that would help you feel better.