I'm to my breaking point.I'm 19. I'm a male. I've been thinking of killing myself. My head hurts and each day im getting worse. Im actually to a point where i don't feel like i want to live anymore. My life has just turned into utter shit within the past 2 years. I recently dropped out of high school not because I wanted to but because I couldn't pass my Algebra 2 class and so therefore couldn't walk with my class. and was forced to drop out.The night of graduation was so hard for me knowing that all my friends had finally did it and I was just left behind and Im not allowed to go to summer school or even try to finish up. I tried getting my GED after the year was over with but I scored low on the math portion and had to retest and I think at this point ive taken it 7 times and I always fail the math portion. Ive tried tutoring and everything of the sort but it just dosen't help.

Dont get me wrong I love my parents they are possibly the best parents a teen/kid could have and I know im lucky to have them and am thankful for having food, water, and a warm bed to sleep in at night. Though they always say i'm ungrateful to them. My mom told me she was disappointed in me for not graduating and completely blames me and see's it as I didn't try hard enough. Even though I gave it everything I could. My dad Is threatening to kick me out and if he does I have no where to go and will be on the streets.I have a brother and a sister.My brother is a straight A student and is very smart and will probably graduate high school and go on to do great things and make my mom proud.My sister is very athletic and will probably find a career in sports.Im good with music but none of it is good enough to ever make a name for myself within the music industry. In reality I only have a 1 and a trillion chance that id ever get noticed and i've accepted that.

I have plenty of friends and I even have a Girlfriend of 2 years. So this isn't the issue.

I've seen therapist, and doctors that proscribe me anti depression medicine. Nothing works. School was so stressful for me and was a source for my depression. I manly was disappointed in myself. My life has just went downhill.

My grades just gradually got worse as I spiraled deeper and deeper. I often thought about killing myself and even shooting up my school not because I was bullied or anything but just because I wanted to. I felt that bad.School depressed me. Closer to the end of the school year my girlfriend of a year and 10 months left me for another guy. This was only the beginning. I was severly depressed after that and felt like she tore my heart from my chest. 6 Months went by but she was still on my mind. I eventually started to get over her. I met another girl by the name of Maria and dated her for 8 months and she cheated on my with another girl. My ex girlfriend before those 2 girls, named Krystyn who i was in love with at one point in time and even after our break stayed close commited suicide due to a self induced overdose. About 2 weeks later. My long time friend Gary was killed setting in his house when a stray bullet flew through his house and hit him in the head and I was the one who walked in on his body. Ill never forget Chase and his sister who were with me falling to the floor screaming and crying and me standing their in utter belief. At this point I figured things couldn't get much worse. I was wrong. A few weeks later another close friend of mine had a Seizure and suffocated in her bed during the early hours of the morning.At that point with me failing school and the deaths of my friends I just wanted to end it but I still kept hope that things would get better and pushed myself to live another day. So time went by graduation came and went. After I was out of school, again tried to get my GED but couldn't. So I was deep into depression but decided I needed a job. So I found a job and I was actully happy for a while. No suicidal thoughts or actions. About A month and a half of working for this Charity collection company for firefighters. They hired this new girl who basically took my job from me because she was making the company more many than I was. So they fired me and didn't even bother to give me my last check.

Me and my girlfriend got back together (year and 10 months) and i wasn't worried about anything for a while. Ive been unemployed for about a month now.

I don't have a GED because I cant pass the Algebra portion. I apparently am a burden on everyone. Im not afraid to die. Part of me wants to feel deaths warm embrace. If im dead, I have no fear,no worries, no problems, only peace. It just seems like the best solution. I am seen as nothing but a disappointment in the eyes of my parents and cant find a valid reason for living anymore. Sometimes i wish the whole world would just end so i wouldn't have to worry about anything anymore. This whole horrible wicked world. It sickens me.I don't have a future to look forward to anymore you know?

My dad is on the verge of kicking me out and i have nowhere to go. I wish he would just do it all ready and get it over with. I don't know where id go but id walk as far as i could away from this place until my legs collapsed beneath me. When my legs would no longer carry me id crawl until my arms became lifeless. When my arms would become lifeless id stare into the distant horizon and use every ounce of my energy to go forward untill my body completely fails on me. My body would befound on the side of a highway somewhere. This is how I've pictured it.


Id welcome death. It would be an end to everything that has ever plagued me.I hate myself and want to die. I hate who I am and what i've become. I hate the entire world for hating each other and forcing every one to live up to expectations of everyone else just to make a living. I am a failure and i realize that. I've did nothing but try my whole life but it hasn't gotten me anywhere. People say its always darkest before the sun rises but I know they are all wrong. I haven't seen the sun rise in what feels like forever if you know what i mean. To be honest I hope it stays dark forever and I hope the worst isn't over. I'm stressed/depressed and to my breaking point. I am actually considering hanging myself.I mean its not a gruesome way to go. I think about suicide almost constantly and have a fascination with death because i don't see death as a bad thing. I've asked myself "Am I willing to leave everything behind?" The answer is simple, yes. I dare not second guess that i have no need for anything once im gone. So why should I care about anything? The only reason i haven't offed myself in the past/present is the fact I don't want to release all my sorrow,anger,and furry upon my friends and family by my death. Though at this moment in time I am considering it to the most severe extent. I cant talk to anyone about this or else they will try to put me in a mental hospital. So that's why I came here. 

What should I do? I mean I'm so sick of all the bullshit in my life and the constant yelling and blaming at me for things is don't even do. Im constantly yelled at by my father and looked down on by my mother.Ive opened up to them countless times in the past but they just they do nothing but blame me and my mom sends me through a guilt trip and tells me "why are you doing this to me?" and say things like " Your a scab, you sleep to much, your free loading, your a sorry ass mother fucker, can you do nothing right? Are you an idot?" Its like everything's my fault. I feel alone and secluded and no one understands what I feel or how I feel. I have nothing to lose and nothing to gain.

