I'm not on SW anymore, I will never go back to that dark place again but maybe this will help people who are currently in that bottomless gorge of terrible emotions.That's the best way I'd describe it, it's a bottomless pit that you yourself keep filling up. Once you fall down there, you just keep thinking about the worst emotions, outcomes etc... I know because I was there. The one and main thing that helped me and you hear it a lot, is just do shit you love and outside of the depression situation **try and force yourself to appreciate the little things in life**, it helped me to change my whole outlook on life. Whereas I'd sulk and get upset before, I just laugh at it and I don't mean in a "disguise the pain" way, maybe it started that way but now I generally don't care or end up thinking it's funny. 


Look I'm a legit ugly fucker, I mean it's become funny to me after living with it for so long and changing outlooks but I can't even leave me house(or walk into any room, anywhere) without getting stared at, people doing double takes because they can't believe how fucked my face is and depending on the situation I can hear people saying cruel(but sometimes generally hilarious) things. I'd be a complete liar if I said it doesn't bother me at some level, but I've come extremely far from googling ways to kill yourself with no pain to now laughing at the source of my life's greatest pain. I also just started ramping up my creative pursuits, I draw, write, make music, paint, invent shit and in all that, I don't even have the time to think about getting sad, that's huge, being idle gives you time to shit all over yourself and think about all the bad shit. But the main thing I want to stress is start to appreciate the little things in life, you have to force yourself at first. I started off getting shaken up inside when people would stare at me or make funny faces, now I'll just play peek-a-boo or blow them a kiss or do some weird ass funny gesticulation because once I started appreciating the fact -- and I know it's not what you guys want to hear in this headspace and I thought the same thing like how does that starving kid or the person with no limbs have anything to do with my current personal situation-- at least I wasn't dealt the 'being a starving kid in a 3rd world country' card, at least I can afford to do and buy what I reasonably want, I'm able to use all my limbs and brains how I want etc... it made the fact that I'm ugly as shit way less important. Now I just want to have fun in life, fuck wasting my and your time sulking.


This probably isn't the most coherent thing written because it's pretty stream of consciousness and didn't revise but maybe it'll help someone.