You know I’m just so fucking lost, and I don’t want to deal with this anymoreI’m just not happy, I haven’t been. I’m almost 17, and yeah I guess that’s gonna open up a lot of people saying I’ve got my whole life ahead of me but I really can’t seem to find the reasoning that waiting will be worth it. I’m shoving everyone I care about away. I’m starting to become dissociated to almost everyone and everything again. I’m used to that at least. I haven’t self harmed in around half a month. I don’t feel like doing the math. I know that some people will miss me. Truth be told I think that’s all that has kept me going this long. My family life and upbringing has been pretty shit according to everyone else outside of it. It’s been all I’ve known so it’s not like I knew I’ve had it rough. But it pisses me off how everyone says I’m strong and how I’m so resilient. I’m nowhere close to strong. So many of the people I know don’t know how bad it is. I’m a fucking wreck, a mess. I just want to stop feeling like this. I want to stop hating myself and my friends. I want to stop hurting them. I want to stop hurting my sister. I’ve been a burden and a pain for the past few years. And yeah I’ve helped all of them a bit. But I think I’ve given all I can. I can’t help but think this is for the best. I’ve always had the idea that I’d be perfectly fine if I were to go and everyone else would be ok. I used to be the therapist type of all my friends. People would come to me with their problems and I’d give my best to help them all. But I haven’t done anything recently because I’ve just been so screwed. If I’m honest I don’t really have a plan or anything. But with my Mom’s extensive history with medications I could find more than a few ways to get the job done. I guess this is close to a last cry for anything? I don’t really know when it’s gonna happen. Maybe before the 22nd, so It’s not on my birthday. Either way I just want everything to stop. It’s too much work to keep myself going. I just have nothing left to offer anyone let alone myself. I’m just tired. Tired of it all. Say what you want, I know this is all jumbled and not really cohesive. Should I write a note? I don’t know I guess that’s something I’ll figure out when I put more thought into all of this. I just figured I’d put this in to see if it’ll do anything