What's left for me?Sorry if this post turns out long.

  I am 17(m), I have literally nothing, and I have had literally nothing for years. 
I have no friends, and when I say no friends, I mean zero. 
I have never had a girlfriend, never even kissed a girl. 
I feel so alone all the time, I wish I just had someone to spend my time with, to hell with sex and all that...
I just want to hold someone's hand.
Most guys I have known my age have already had several girlfriends.
When I see a couple of my age I'm public, laughing or kissing... It just rips me apart inside... I wish I could have that.
I am anti social, my parents pulled me out of school around the 7th grade.
 I was home schooled for awhile, until a year ago when I quit altogether.
 So I have struggled with developing socially. My parents are controll freaks.. have never let me have freedom or do anything.. the last years of my life I have spent doing nothing, I get up, and wait for my dad to yell out orders and whatever.

 that's why I am alone now. 
Hell my parents wouldn't even let me have contact with anybody, including my older siblings.
Not to mention the times my dad used to beat the shit out of me when I was younger. I have a part time job now, I have had that for about a month.
Like I said I'm pretty anti social so I am still trying to figure out myself.
The only people I have interacted with for years was my parents, who I hate. 
But I don't see myself going anywhere or doing anything... 
I sometimes think if I kill myself maybe in the next life I will get a better hand.. 
I told my parents a couple months ago that I thought about hurting myself. 
All I got was screamed at, lectured about why my life is good, told that I am only a teenager and my whole life is ahead of me.
 fuck them.
I hate my parents, they are the ones that stole my life.
Here I am supposed to be fucking off and just enjoying life, but no.
I can't even leave the house still til this day without a big deal being made.. 
I have little money and nowhere to go. Fuck this life I am about to give up.