This is hardHi,

I don’t really know where to start. I haven’t slept in months. Maybe years. 

My girlfriend is supposed to come over tomorrow. She’s been worried about me. She wants to break the lockdown to come see me.

I’m not sure I can make it the next couple of hours till she gets here. I cracked maybe 2 days ago. I’ve been in and out of break downs and psychotic delusions.

I don’t want to be alive. Not that I don’t feel like I deserve to be alive or that I feel nobody will care if I die. I just don’t want to do this anymore, I don’t want to wake up, and I don’t want to struggle to go to sleep. 

I’ve tried so much. I was a champion athlete. I was a top academic. I tried going out and not going out at all. Drugs, sobriety, music, crying and being stoic. Trying to be better at my career. Trying to be a better person. Instruments, poetry, writing, research, analysis, helping others, helping myself be a better person. Trying to be kind, trying to be mean. Trying to reach out trying not to talk at all.

And I’ve done so much, so so much more than most people get to say they’ve done. 

I don’t see why I should keep going. I feel maxed out. I don’t see myself being any further in life. I don’t enjoy anything. There’s nothing wrong with me, or my life. A bit of baggage, some messy family history. 

I’ve been alone for weeks now. The only conclusion I’ve arrived to is that I add no value to this world. I am a danger to those I love because I’m so toxic. I don’t make people happy. I don’t want to keep being a wasteful source of worry for others. 

I want to die. I don’t want to go out quietly. I want to fight, and claw. I want something to make me feel broken before I go. Not just life itself. Not something so simple. 

I’ve written notes or sent messages to people I love. I’ve said my final words. I feel like there’s this darkness wrapping over my eyes. I don’t even know where I am anymore. I feel like I’m operating outside of my own body. 

All I want is one more hug from the poor girl who has dealt with me through to much. I just want to hold her one more time and then I can’t go. 

I’m so tired. I’m so god damn tired.