Fuck Life.I stopped taking the antidepressants my ex gave me. It was illegal for me to keep taking them. I'm running out of days. The effect is already wearing off. 

I bought two 750ml bottles of sherry and drank myself to sleep. Besides the hangovers, it helped. But now it's all done. And I'm almost done. I'm having withdrawal symptoms from the alcohol I think. I am an alcoholic honestly. 

My cousin's staying with me. She doesn't deserve this. She's gone through this already. The cutting, the drinking....only difference is her parents cared enough to get her medication, a diagnosis, and a therapist. All I got was a stern warning to "stop it" and a Christian therapist whose only answer is to "trust in God".

I'm sick. I feel so sick. I tied up the noose. I'm looking at it right now. My cousin's taking a bath...she's okay, I think. So here I am folks: broken, craving alcohol, and possibly about to die.

No one's gonna see this. But I'm venting now.

I'm scared. To do it. Maybe I'm a coward? I don't know if people my age should feel this way. I turned 16 on Monday. Hell, I'm going on a date. I should be happy. Why do I feel sad? And lonely? And hopeless? And inferior? Fuck this.

I feel like if I tell my parents I'm gay and I'm actually an atheist, they'll scold me enough to drive me to a point of suicide. Maybe. Hopefully.

My good friend, Herman, is cool. He's awesome, man. He caught me cutting, smacked me on the side of the head, and said that was stupid and I shouldn't do it again. When I confessed I was scared he would leave me, he called me stupid and said that he would never leave me, because then he wouldn't be a true friend. He cares a lot. Ahh, Herman. I'm sorry. 

God, I feel awful. Why am I writing all this? I don't know. It's weird, right? We write all this sentimental stuff to strangers on the internet. Maybe as a desperate attempt to get help. This certainly is one.

My cousin's still in the bathroom.

Ahh, I don't know. Maybe I should update this. I don't know. But I don't have a good reason to live.

Look, I hate to do this, but give me some reasons to live. Please? I'm grasping at straws I know but....I'm sorry. I'm desperate.