I fucked up for the last time and don't feel like I can fix myself or my life.Not sure wtf I am doing anymore, or even where to put this… so forgive me if this doesn’t belong.

TL;DR -  I used to play college sports, cheated while in a longterm, long distance relationship and never was able to stop  for more than 2 years even though I wanted to . Now it's over after I've been caught cheating too many times to forgive and I don't want to live anymore even though I am completely aware how awful it will be for everyone I know and love.

Basically I am in crisis and have been contemplating ending my own life the past two weeks. The more I think about it, the more ridiculous and stupid I feel for feeling this way, because it is entirely my own doing. I find myself asking internally “well, why did you do what you did if you didn’t see this happening?” My (now ex) girlfriend of 13 years has finally given up on trying to make our relationship work in spite of my issues of infidelity, which I understand but just can’t process or accept. I know I have been caught cheating on multiple occasions and each time I feel like we managed to grow from it and move on but never really addressed my issues, just the associated problems with our relationship. Despite my insistence that I knew something was wrong with me, talking about it more and trying to find some way to move past it always resulted in blaming a collection of small anecdotal incidents which resulted in resentment or miscommunication. It always felt like she tried to take on more of the burden of responsibility than was ever her fault.

I look in the mirror and see someone I no longer wish to be and the changes I wish to make seem impossible at this point. I’ve ruined whatever good I feel I have left for the world. I can only imagine that she looks at me through this same lense or worse, considering this has finally hit a threshold where she tells me she can never be my girlfriend or trust me again. I know the circumstances are unreasonable to some and I am selfish as fuck for even considering killing myself. I know I am responsible for my own misery and the position I am in. I accept these things and accept that my actions have left impressions and feelings I cannot fix in the immediate or foreseeable future. I know that if I follow through, I will probably be killing my own mother, who is an older widow who looks at me as her world. I also know the few people I still feel attachment to in this world care about me in spite of what I’ve done and would be crushed if I did take my own life.

I am an addict. I’ve been an addictive personality my whole life. I’ve known it enough from my own habits and family history for most of my life, though I have managed to mostly avoid the addictions I deemed most harmful like hard drugs or gambling. I’ve actively told myself I dislike both without ever really letting myself be open to the experience or trying. For a long time I have been addicted to alcohol, but kept in manageable. I was obsessed with football until my playing career ended. I find temporary addictions and hobbies I pick up for a week or two with immense passion that I forget about or lose interest in weeks later. 

But the biggest addiction I wish I would have kept in better check involves sexual addiction. Even pre-puberty I feel like I was aware of and watching porn via the internet (albeit by poor dial-up connection at home or a short time my parents work computers). My girlfriend and I were 14 when we started dating and had sex after a year of dating. I definitely rushed her into it before she was ready, and for maybe the first year after that it seemed like there was genuine hesitance to keep having sex. It was hard for us to arrange a feasible location that was comfortable and accommodating, but I was so addicted to it I was willing to have sex just about anywhere and asked for or suggested it constantly. Legitimately we took high school classes together in which she would give me a handjob under the desk almost every day and I still wanted more. At one point, she suggested that if I wanted to have sex so much I should find another girl. I knew this wasn’t a suggestion so much as an active choice between her or someone else, but it lead me down the path of using the internet to explore my sexual fantasies – first through chat rooms and message boards, and then progressing over time to actually texting with and video chatting with other women by the time I was a freshman in college. My freshman year this started to increase in frequency as she lived in another state, and I thought it would just be some secret side-fantasy I could play out and enjoy without hurting her and her feelings.

Eventually, it lead to actually meeting a girl who was aware of my relationship and my urges and wanted to have sex without attachments. As all other pieces-of-shit like me do, I gave in to my selfishness without once really considering my girlfriend (besides wrongly justifying my sexual experiences as a burden to her). The only thing I considered was possibly giving her an STD, which I wish I could say was rooted in my intent to live a safe and healthy lifestyle so much as I feared being caught. So I requested to see the most recent test results of the girl and wore a condom. The sexual relationship only happened 2 times because I felt a tremendous amount of guilt, but the experience left me addicted to browsing craigslist and various dating sites for “NSA” hookups. Ultimately I hooked up with two other girls that year until my girlfriend moved and went to the same school a year later. Then I thought I could just let things go and resume a normal relationship and put aside my infidelity.

Eventually, she found out about the other girls from my freshman year. In fact, she randomly met and made friends with the first girl before finding out what had happened. Eventually, we worked things out and I insisted up and down that it was purely sexual and that it was in the past. But since then a cycle developed and periodically almost every year or two I would find myself slipping back into my old ways and either cheating or getting caught texting/emailing other women. To be honest I don’t know how many different times or situations. The more I think about it, the more I wish I would have addressed it. And at the same time, the more and more I see how she tried to redistribute the shame and blame to the things we/she could control and the more I want to end my life just to stop thinking about all the mistakes I made.

The most recent failure in my life’s attempts to maintain a faithful sexual relationship is a result of our schedules and a growing depression I felt since a car accident in November left me questioning my life and value. I convinced myself that it would somehow be healthier to find a discrete fuckbuddy instead of address the lack of sex and affection in my life with the person I actually loved because, being the coward I know I am, I feared rejection, judgement and felt like she would not only be disinterested in the things I wanted to do try but even find me repulsive for it. Long story short, 2 weeks ago she found texts and even photos which have broken whatever previous forgiveness I had mustered. And I get it. I logically get that she cannot be with me or even imagine a possible future with me. But I can’t get my head to actually wrap itself around this as a reality. Or at least, not any reality I want to be a part of any more. I can’t ask her to take me back again. I mean, I have. It isn’t gonna happen and I know it. I asked for at least a plan to potentially move forward (since we live together) but it seems like she can only accept being my 'friend' but cannot even put the idea of getting back together with me in the realm of possibility. I get that. But it hurts more because the past two weeks we still attended two weddings we were planning to go to and went together, maintaining the appearance for friends and family that things were okay. I wasn't under the impression this was a total lie and just felt more like we were trying to make the situation work so that we could eventually try to work it out without making it publicly known we were having issues. After bringing this up with her directly, I now see we both saw this very differently than I thought and the strong feelings I felt we still had when enjoying each others company probably wasn't mutual and she was just coping.

So now I am going through maybe the hardest week of work I have had in my life with more responsibilities, requests, and pressure compiling into a seemingly insurmountable life obstacle with almost no support system. I’m starting not to care. I really don’t know if I want to be in the role I’m at the company I am at. I just wanted a job to maintain my life and sanity but those things feel gone and looking at what I am left with as a life moving forward, I just see nothing but disappointment and missed opportunities. I am reaching out to friends and even family but I am not able to articulate to them that I am in such a dangerous and finite mindset. I am not sure where to proceed from here. I am smart enough to know I need help, just not strong enough to admit to others I know I need it.

Help.  I don't expect it or deserve it but I want it. I want another chance. But I don't think I deserve it or even the life I have.
