I think I'm doneI'm sitting in the laundromat as I write this, and I think laundry is essentially the story of my life. I look forward and my life is just an endless cycle of laundry. It gets done and then it gets done again... Rinse and repeat until death. More and more, my entire life seems to come down to the apparently endless repetition of mindless little tasks like doing the laundry. The laundry's never finished, never completed, and I never really get anything out of it. I just have to keep doing it in order to go on.

My problems started a few years ago. I've no idea why or how or by what mechanism or for what reason, but suddenly life held a lot less pleasure. All the excitement attached to specific achievements and successes seemed dulled, all the pleasure attached to normally enjoyable activities seemed muted. I started using drugs as a quick-fix, and this worked. I knew it wasn't an entirely healthy workaround, but it was an effective one, and one I didn't notice the downsides to until they had done irreversible damage. It seemed like I had happened upon the cheat codes for existence. Rather than constantly working the complex controls of an adult life, carefully navigating my way through the looping, labyrinthine rat race of my career and tip-toeing along the bullshit tightrope of a work-life balance like some demented trapeze artist, all for diminishing and increasingly long-term (i.e. essentially virtual) benefit, I just had a few levers to pull. The simplicity of it, the sense of control and self-mastery, complete power over my state of mind and thus my reality (although I see now that it was only my experience of reality)... Intoxicating, liberating, utterly irresistible. I thought I was happy.

Throughout this, I did have an exceptionally loving and supportive long-term girlfriend, whom I can only describe as impossibly perfect. Words fail me. I struggle to describe her in terms that don't sound like greetings card cliché. Our connection (“connection” doesn't even cover it; it was more of a... union?) was perhaps the only truly genuine, authentic part of my life. She just completely got me. She spoke my language in a way that no one else ever has. I suffer, intermittently, from fairly severe social anxiety, but I would barely need to splutter out a couple of ill-chosen words to someone and she'd be able to perfectly capture, condense and express the great maelstrom of thought roiling around in my head. She could basically read my mind, anticipate the course of my thoughts and emotions. She knew how I'd feel about something before I did.

What she couldn't deal with was the drug use. Looking back, I wasn't myself, and I think that's what it was. She and I had this connection, so when I ceased to be me, that connection was no longer there. The drugs amplified little eccentricities until their roar drowned out my personality. A perfectionist tendency became an intensely neurotic obsessive streak. I made her a fruit salad one evening, but wasn't entirely happy with the result, so for the next 24 days, she'd get an ever-so-slightly tweaked watermelon-based fruit salad every evening. She once joked that she felt bad because she always arrived five minutes late for everything to find me there waiting, so I began religiously turning up six minutes late. These are a couple of the tamer examples, and I'd rather not go into the worst of them. 

Needless to say, this quickly began to drive people away, but I found that I was powerless to do anything about it. I just watched as every significant relationship in my life began to fall away. My girlfriend was still there, and tried to help me quit drugs. I managed six weeks before attempting suicide. I felt trapped, held hostage and savaged by my own psyche, depressed and constantly on the verge of a massive panic attack. After that, my girlfriend and I had an argument from which there could never really be any recovery, and she left.

Against all the odds, I'd managed to remain relatively effective at work. Even though it wasn't always fun and it was often difficult to manage, my work has always been, broad strokes, something that I really believed in. It involved compromises and bureaucracy and the occasional failure, but the overall thrust and direction and purpose was something lofty and great and good. Work became the last little well of meaning in my life, but that only lasted for a short while. After something went very, very wrong, I came to see even my work as hollow and pointless. After having believed in it for so long and it having become my last refuge, its sudden souring caught me off-guard, and my first instinct was just to cast myself off the nearest bridge, an idea I still toy with.

I suppose I've come to realise that I am a person in the world, not just a product of it. My life isn't just a series of events that have happened to and around me, but a natural process of cause and effect. Things aren't just fucked up; I have fucked them up. My life is the organic unfolding of who I am and who I have chosen to be. Things are shit because I am a fundamentally defective human being. This is my life. It's not going to get any better. My dreams are too big. I'm not ok. At this point, I have nothing to contribute to the world. Satisfaction of the most basic demands of being human is beyond me. I can't work or keep my kitchen clean or remember to call on my mother's birthday. I am the sick and the old that slow the herd... I can't keep up. I realise now that the only thing I can offer society is non-participation. I've come to believe that it's my duty to the human race to bump up the average, just a little, and it's obvious that the only way to do that is to euthanize the weak.