Here's a long ramble-filled post, but I'd appreciate any insight or advice anyone could give.Let me start with a question, that I've been wondering for several years: How do you tell loved ones that you constantly think of ending your life?

I'm a 25 year old single male, who dropped out of high-school because I believed it wasn't worth my time, still living with my parents, working a dying minimum wage retail job.

I think about those facts every single day, as soon as I wake up, and as much as I want it all to change, I never do anything to actually change any of it.

I understand that one day, I'm either going to have to start actually taking care of my self, or just end it. For the longest time, I've truly believed that I'm just a suicide waiting to happen, but if there's another way out of this, I'd gladly take it.

My depression started around age 14, where I decided one day that life wasn't worth living, and told myself that on my 18th birthday I'd buy a gun and just end everything then. (another reason I dropped out of high-school) When my 18th birthday finally came around, I had been in a relationship for about 2 years, and I thought I'd be spending my entire life with this person, so I held off on buying that gun. But a few days before my 19th birthday, we broke up, but tried to remain friends. We even planned on going out to dinner together on my birthday, but they cancelled a few hours beforehand because they "had to go into work", but were actually in the process of moving in with another person, who they were already dating. I was devastated. That night (still my birthday) I messaged them saying that I needed help, they replied with "You need to drop the act and stop pretending." and I just went completely numb, and wasn't thinking straight. I grabbed some kind of computer wire and tied it as tightly as I could around my neck, and just kind of accepted it, and eventually passed out. A few hours later I woke up, on the floor, with the wire loosened, and I just sat on the floor for hours, not even thinking about anything. I haven't attempted anything since then, but it's constantly on my mind.

I've cut myself since my depression started as well, and still do to this day. Started on my wrists, but has since moved basically anywhere on my body. I know it's not good, but I find some kind of comfort from doing it. I feel like everything's fine for a few days or weeks after I cut. But then the depression comes back, and it's like I need another fix of new scars, almost like an addiction.

I've never been on any kind of prescription drugs, but I do take pain-killers almost daily, usually just the "normal amount" of 2, but some days I've taken up to 6, just to feel okay. I also take some anxiety pills that I get off of Amazon, called "Abazo Nutrition 5-HTP Extra Strength" and they seem to help, but for the past month or so I haven't been taking them and I've felt the same as if I were still taking them. Maybe they were placebo, or maybe I'm not as messed up as I thought, I don't know.

I've considered therapy before, but I'm almost certain I wouldn't be able to afford it, and asking for help feels impossible. Sometimes I feel like if I went to therapy I'd just be complaining the entire time, and that it'd be a waste of time and money.

I refuse to drink alcohol, because I'm afraid if I get too intoxicated, I won't be afraid to try and end things again. Every time somebody asks me if I want to do anything with drinking, I get "interrogated" about why, and I just constantly tell them I don't drink, and either diffuse the conversation or walk away.

I can't think of anything else to say. If you've read this entire thing, thank you for your time. I know I need help, but I don't know how else to ask for it. I know I need to change myself somehow. If I don't, then I'm certain of my fate. Thanks again, sorry for the long rambling post, I just needed to get this information out to someone.