I want to die, but I just fear death too muchYess, I know all the anti suicidal bs everyone always tells. I know you are doing this at good will but I don't believe it, I never believed. 

I think everyone should have the right to kill yourself with dignity. Now giving this right forces people to live entire lives suffering or trying dangerous suicidal methods, risking having severe irreversible injuries. 

I don't have any hope left in life, I feel so lacking in motivation and basic stability that I don't care about what others will think when I leave, this isn't about them, it's about me, go ahead, call me an egoistic asshole, the truth os that I don't fucking care, I don't fucking care about literally nothing more at this point

I feel like the human condition is just too much for me to handle and I'm going to die after some years anyway, so why not end this already? We live in a harsh and ultra individualistic world, everything seems to be finely projected to make you crazy and fuck up with your mind.

However I also paradoxically don't want to die. I really fear death, and one of the many reasons I wanted to give up life is my insane and unbearable fear of death. I feel really afraid of having nothing more after life, but I feel even more afraid if there's anything beyond, it probably would be full of suffering and that would mean there's no escape from existing. Which is terrifying to me.

I feel trapped, this life sucks, dying and having no after life sucks, dying and having after life sucks, literally anything and any possibility seems nearly pathetic to me even consider, I really wish I never was born at all, my existence feels like a curse. I want help but I don't believe anyone or anything can help me.

God doesn't exist, the universe is evil from the human perspective, it keeps increasing entropy. Our world is made of sociopaths and powerful people that take advantage of anyone else and living in outrageous unhealthy and economically unstable conditions seems to be naturalized no matter how hard you work or seek better jobs.

I can have cancer, I can have LAS and many more serious diseases, I may die in accidents, have my house robbed by thefts or taken from me by the bank or the landlord if I don't make enough money which is very likely to happen, literally everyone and anything including the laws of nature and biology wants to fuck you whenever you give them any opportunity to do so, I have no control of 99,9% of circumstances.

Sorry if this text seems too harsh, I felt like I needed to say this to anyone other than my psychologist.