I am so fucking evilthat's why I am alone. I am fundamentally broken and destined for suicide. My body aches for positive human interaction, just one fucking good friend, but it's only because I must want to hurt them. Trying to be close with me will always hurt them, I am big black fucking void that will painfully and slowly rip your atoms apart and consume them while you struggle to remember why you ever liked me in the first place. I wish I was dead already so I wouldn't have to kill myself. I wish I could've died in a car crash before I met my current "friends" irl and online because they would've lived so much better lives without me. I am too socially anxious to reach out to anyone because I know this, it's practically immoral for me to try and leech onto others. Thus is my dilemma, endless torture of wanting companionship and knowing I don't deserve it.


I miss my therapist. Wish I got on meds.
I hate my mom.
I love my dad. I wish I could apologize to him for my existence.
I miss and love J. He wouldn't like me if he knew who I really was and what I've become over the years.
I wish B wanted to hang out with me. He deserves better though.
I wish I had a girlfriend. Big surprise.
I wish M would leave me the fuck alone, she likes me a little too much and it scares me because I'm a weak asshole. The only fucking person who can stand me is a creepy annoying bitch, what are the odds. Maybe I should just date her so she quits fucking following me around to different jobs.
I hate my physical presence and everything about it, including: my face, body, eating, drinking, waking up, etc.
But I am not allowed to amend any of these things. They have to keep twisting into my skin and hurting me until I actually succeed at a suicide attempt. 


Damn. Sure sucks to be me, an ungrateful white male bastard living in a decent house and not starving in a 3rd world country. I am despicable for every emotion I've ever had, beyond privileged, and that is what makes me evil. At my core, I am incredibly selfish. How am I so self absorbed when I hate myself? fuckin mystery.


Not today, but someday. Someday real soon I'llbe free from this bullshit and fulfill my purpose of being a sad headline in the local news nobody gives a shit about. My final act of selfishness to reward the maybe 2 people in my life who deserve it the least. Congrats dad and J, find out how shit I really am! And then not be able to confront me about it cause I'll be dead. awesome.