I don't know whether I'm gonna survive the summer. I love him so much but he hates me. I can't live.I've posted this in r/depression, but I usually get few to no responses anywhere, so I'll try my luck here.

I just feel overcome with sadness because of something I have no control over.

I just take pills and blindly hope I'll somehow get better. I never really was in a relationship with the guy I loved. We met online, chatted for hours every day for a period of 3 moths, and met up once I'd declared my feelings for him. We kissed for ages, and it was my first, but by no means his. He seemed so sweet then, so lovely. All of a sudden, he just changed. He told me that we definitely wouldn't date, and hinted that if I died, he wouldn't care. Then, he started seeing someone else. I had a relapse of suicidality, and he was the only one I could talk to about it, because I didn't have much of a social life offline. As I said in my post, I angered him. But after Christmas, he seemed to be over it and seemed to forgive me.

For the next three months, it was a whirlwind of thinking he cared, to him telling me awful things, such as "you're immature" and that I had a nebula of negatativity around me. Eventually, my father threatened me with all types of shit if I didn't stop talking to the boy, so we went NC for a month. Tried to contact him again, and he wasn't having it. He told me to piss off and threatened to send pictures of him and his girlfriend if I didn't leave him alone. I blocked him then, because I was too hurt to even think.

The funny thing was though, I called him up the next day and he seemed fine. He said that he'd rethink our friendship once I was better. But a few weeks later, when I tried to talk, he just didn't seem willing to. He said some even worse things, called me a professional victim, and said I was leeching off the 0 fucks he gave about me in the hopes that he'd stay in my life. He cut me off after that... I know that I pestered him a little, as I messeged him a lot after and tried to get him to Skype. He did eventually, but he hung up on me mid sentence. He had the audacity to text me last week, to mention how much fun he was having out camping, which I mentioned. I plummeted that week and nearly ended up overdosing on Tuesday.

I love him so much and I have so much care to offer him even though he's happy with someone else, but he hates me and doesn't care about me at all. I am nothing.

We can't afford therapy anymore. We have free healthcare here in the UK, but our mental health service for young people is trash. At one point, we were paying £800 for a session with a psychiatrist, which equates to over a thousand dollars. It was simply too much, as I've been having therapy for the past 3 months and it's yet to help.

I genuinely feel as though I may attempt suicide soon. It's no longer an ideation, it's a fear.
