I don't really know what to do anymore...I have been struggling with ADD and a sleep disorder for pretty much my entire life. I've always felt inadequate, lazy, incompetent etc. My parents didn't understand my problems and had no problems telling me how stupid, lazy and unmotivated I was. On top of that, my mother was highly unstable and emotionally and physically abusive for many years -- I would say since I was about 10 to when I left for college at 18. She has since gone on anti-psychotics and has many issues under control, but the damage had already been heavily dealt. By my senior year I was severely, severely depressed. I barely made it to school or even passed my classes-- I have no clue how they let me graduate, actually. I thought going to college would change my life. I thought without my mom I would be able to deal with my issues on my own terms without her controlling my every move. However, I was still depressed, I had unresolved ADD and sleep disorder related issues and I was basically a complete mess. I didn't have any of the tools to succeed in life and I struggled to make grades and eventually gave up. The good thing, however, that came out of college is that I have a lot of amazing friends, I'm a much more confident and well spoken person, and although I'm not completely out of the dark with my depression not constantly being beat up definitely helped me deal with a lot of my issues. However, I did really poorly in school and when my parents found out this summer, they pulled me out of school. However, since then, I took online courses (through my university so it still counts towards my GPA) and got all As; I went to a psychiatrist and went on anti-depressants and adderall, and I'm working with a neurologist to amend my sleep disorder. I'm really working hard to fix my problems but my parents still won't let me go back to school. This is killing me because school was the only time I felt okay and somewhat in control. I know my depression isn't gone and its really ruined my life, but I feel like I'm a much more positive person and for once, I actually have hope that I can fix things. But my parents won't even give me the chance and I feel like without that I have no future. I have nothing -- no family support, my friends don't know how bad my situation really is, no school, nothing. My friends are really all I have to live for; they're great and I really truly love them. The only time I'm happy is when I'm with them -- but who will want to be my friend once they realize that I have no actual future? These people are all pre-med, pre-law, pre-business, pre-something extremely fucking successful and I just have nothing else to live for. I honestly don't want to die but I feel I have no other options. I just don't know what to do. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated 