People only care so muchAnyone else ever had this problem? I’ve been here awhile on my main, and it’s been nice seeing how much some people care, but when I try to open up to people in person, I can’t help but think that guilt is their only motivating factor. Ultimately, it’s all about them.

Even the people I trust the most start to fall away whenever the smallest things in their life pop up, and though I always try to be understanding and forgiving, it just makes it hurt even more. I say stuff like “Of course, focus on your physics test if you’re stressed about it!”, always leaving out the second part: “Your physics test is really worth more to you than my life? You know I’m suicidal, but you choose to cut off contact for a week anyways?”

Almost all of my friends are snakes that only use me as an asset. My intelligence is the only good thing about me, and it’s not even above average; they’re just kind of dumb, and I often end up staying up way too late trying to help others with their HW (sometimes doing it for them). Outside of that, they make up excuses for not wanting to hang out with or help me. I’m not the only one, either. A genuine friend of mine was dealing with depression last year, and they all concluded that he was immature for needing help, like it was his fault or something.

I don’t know how much of this I can take. I’m doing well academically, and I do volunteering, research, etc. My life should be heading towards the right direction, but I feel like it’s all pointless. I’m just going through the motions because it’s what I should be doing, not what I want to do. My family, the entirety of which has hated me my entire life, expects me to succeed so I can start sending in money.

I just feel so alone. Nobody understands or cares, and those that have a small idea of what’s going on immediately put themselves on the moral high ground. It’s sickening.

I’ve marked a death date on my calendar, but it’s months in the future. I don’t know why I gave myself so much time, but I think some part of me stupidly hopes that things will get better, even as everyone continually demonstrates their selfishness again and again.