Suicidal Gender Dysphoric whines, part IITwo weeks ago I wrote a post here revealing two important secrets that I had been keeping for my entire life--That I'm a transgender person, and that I want to die.

A few days later, I tried to kill myself. I failed.

Today, I have just finished dismantling my suicide kit.

In my original post, the central thing that I wanted to whine about was not that I had been born in the wrong skin, or even that I wanted to die; it was the situation I found myself in a month ago, which so perfectly fits the analogy of circling a drain. I had a plan, but only one day a week in which I could do it. On that night, every seven days, it was the same question. It was inevitable that one of those times the answer would be yes. 

But I made a mistake. It was a really stupid one, very simple. I put a handcuff on my wrist backward. There is no reason to go into why that was important. Just know that what it meant was that I would live, unharmed, and without anyone discovering my secret.

A few years ago, contemplating suicide, I wrote that the only way to really have a proven suicidal person would be for that person to survive an attempt despite a genuine desire to die. At the time, it seemed almost impossible to do for me, because I couldn't imagine me failing. But yeah, I fucked up anyway. Ego deflated. But at the same time, I think I've made my point.

Even though I was still alive, I had not escaped the seven day cycle. For the longest time I couldn't see a way out of it. But this morning I found a way out, I guess a loophole. Instead of seven days time, I should wait much longer.

It was hard to admit that there are things in life that I would like to do, but there are. For example, I... really want to see the new star wars.

In addition there are many, many other people who are born with crushing weight on their backs, about which they can do nothing. Do all of them commit suicide? There are people born without arms and legs, or without eyes. Clearly, they found ways to go on, ways to cope. That is what I am proposing to do for myself.

Now instead of waiting seven days for that window, I am going to wait seven months. To put off the question of life or death until December. Until then, there has to be something I can do. If I can't fix my condition, maybe I can at least make life tolerable, or more comfortable.

We're done here. But most of the weapons of my demise are in a dumpster right now, and I had to tell someone. Going to go cry now.