I've destroyed myselfI currently have no interest in living or doing anything in my life anymore. I've been depressed for so long that all my interest is just gone at this point. My name is Dexter, around 4 years ago I found some friends online and soon found someone who I would love forever. Me and my boyfriend spent nights talking about everything or just enjoying each other's company and I was happy with him, he was everything to me. At some point, less than a year ago, I started to wonder what love is and why I love him, for half a year I grew more and more distant from him and at some point I left him because I believed that love it stupid because it's just a way to find happiness from doing nothing. I considered love a fake reason to be happy, just like religion. Religion it just making up a reason to live by imagining that there's some creature that gave us meaning in life, but in reality we all just appeared with no reason to live. It's the same as asking a dog why he is alive, or even a stone. I've broken up with my boyfriend around 2 months ago and ever since I've been depressed because there is no longer any happiness from love in my life. I hate my parents as well, even though they give me food and everything I need to live, I still hate them for the way they talk with me, for deciding things for me, I hate their existence, I want to never see them again, but I can't do that because by leaving them my chances of getting in a university will drop and I might not even find foster parents anyway at my age. I have no irl friends as well because I hate the country I'm at, I hate the people that live here, I hate their "standards". I've only had one friend to talk to and he isn't even that much of help anyway. I've wanted to call the suicide hotline so many times but in this country these is no suicide hotline which I would trust and the only hotline which has online chat is for US citizens only and requires me to put in my zip code and I'm afraid that when I text them and tell them that I'm not actually from US, they're just gonna hang up on me. I've posted on this subreddit before actually, the only problem is that after days, no one replied. That felt like being rejected by the internet. I have no meaning in life, I hate my parents, the people I try to reach out to don't care, I've pushed away the only person who cared about me and who was my only love, I can't get any help from a suicide hotline and I have to worry about my grades and school at the same time.

edit: fixed mistakes