I’m tired of fighting, and I feel like giving up.This is going to be a long post, so I’m sorry in advance! I also cross posted this in an addiction subreddit. I just needed to get this out to someone because my boyfriend’s phone is turned off and I always turn to him in times like this. 

About 2 weeks ago, after struggling with staying sober for a year and a half along with lifelong mental illnesses, I overdosed on alcohol and as many pills as I could take. I blacked out at some point and lost track of how many I took after I reached 3100mg. I ended up throwing up a ton that night, and woke up the next morning feeling like I hated myself even more. I decided to check myself into a residential rehab, and picked one out that was about 3 hours away from me.

I got to the ER for detox, not feeling like I needed to be there at all and there was no reason why I couldn’t just go straight to the rehab. Well, those withdrawals wasted no time in proving me wrong. I was miserable, I begged to go to the ER at nights because of the pain but the nurses refused, because of my history of everyday opiate abuse. I hated the nurses in that crisis unit so bad, but the doctors were helpful. The day before I was to be discharged, I felt pretty good. I had unfortunately found out the residential rehab was way out of my budget, but I was set up on some meds to help my mental health, they started me on MAT with suboxone, and I was set up on the outside with my psychiatrist, a suboxone clinic, and a referral to a local IOP for rehab.

That good feeling lasted until the second I was discharged.

For context, I’ve never had a good relationship with my parents, and I have a lot of trauma from my childhood and my 3 year relationship with my ex. My mom sat by and allowed my step dad to do whatever he wanted to me, while telling me I was a liar and crazy when I’d try to tell her or family or the courts what was happening to me. He was emotionally, psychologically, verbally, physically, and sexually abusive (and so was my ex, but I’m not talking about him in this post). My mom even introduced me to drugs and alcohol as a coping mechanism when I was 15. Both my parents always have and always will choose their relationships over me. My grandma (dad’s mom) got custody of me and raised me like her own daughter, and she was my best friend. She passed away late last year, and my dad got stuck with me.

I have some “special needs” and I’m not able to function like a “normal 23 year old woman” as my parents like to think. Neither of them raised me or spent much time around me growing up. They considered me spoiled by my grandma, but never believed that I need help and support, lots of meds and lots of doctors appointments, to get by. Once my dad became the only person I have (and he would really NOT like to be that person), my mental health hit rock bottom. There was no more support or encouragement, no more medicines or doctors appointments. Then he wondered why I stayed in my room and slept all day. He just puts me down and tells me how depressed he is because of me, how embarrassing I am to him. When my grandma was alive, she loved my dad so much and I saw him the same way she saw him, a selfless man who loved me deeply and would do anything for us. But that love only extended to his mom, I guess I just assumed he felt the same way about me. But he proved me wrong.

Dealing with both my parents fighting with each other over who has to have me, feeling extremely unwanted, not getting the medical attention I need - I feel desperate for it to stop. I keep thinking about how easy it would be to overdose on heroin, how I would be doing my family a favor so they can stop arguing over me, and can live their lives the way they want to.

Today after I asked a random question about the internet, my dad dropped on me that he’s going to be turning it off because he’s moving next month and he’s getting ready to start packing. I guess he just wasn’t going to tell me. I asked him where I will go, he just said “I don’t know” and “I’m tired of being used”. I never meant for my needs to make anyone feel used. I wish I didn’t have these special needs and that I could take care of myself - and I feel like with someone taking care of my special needs and being an encouraging support system, one day I could reach the ability to take care of myself safely and successfully. It doesn’t matter how many times I try to explain it. They didn’t want to parent me then, they certainly don’t want to parent me now.

My only hope was that my boyfriend (we’re LDR) had found an apartment for us and was working on getting it secured for us and getting me and my stuff down there. But it was going to take a bit of time...and now I don’t have that. I don’t think his parents would allow us to stay there until the apartment is ours. So I’m not sure what to do. I’m really not.

I just think me not being around would be a relief for everyone. The only person I can imagine being hurt would be my boyfriend, but...I can’t help but feel like, we don’t see each other in person often at all, it could only hurt but so bad, right? And I think of all the people I would be helping by being gone, and the pros seem to outweigh the cons.

I don’t know. I guess I don’t feel like I’m in immediate crisis and need to go to the hospital (I literally just got out and know going back won’t do any more good), but I have been sitting around contemplating it and I think I’m definitely leaning towards one option over the other. It just feels like the right thing to do. I just want my parents to be happy. I’ve always been their burden, the thing they want to hide. My mom has my sister and pretends she only had one child, my dad just avoids the subject. Even though my grandma told me they had wanted a baby - apparently they had me on purpose - I can’t help but think I somehow wasn’t what they wanted or expected, and for that I will always feel guilty.