Overwhelming guilt about being aliveI feel like a sunk cost fallacy. You know that thing where sometimes it's better to quit when you're ahead because continuing would only mean the cost would be higher later on when you do fold? Yeah, it's like the longer I wait to not off myself would only make the pain worse for everyone else. The longer I stay friends with people, the greater they'll be hurt, the longer I continue in college (as a subsidized student!there's always someone more deserving who would've been a better student), the greater the waste of resources my parents are putting on me, and worse, the longer I stay, the more memories my 6 yr old brother would have of me which means the higher the likelihood he'll be traumatized by it. I'm terrified of how fast time is moving and I'm terrified of eventually getting a job because what's the point in investing in an employee that's just gonna kill themself?


I'm getting treatment now but it only makes the guilt worse because now my parents know and they're doing all they could to help me but it's STILL not working and it's just costing us money that could be used for something else we desperately need, like my siblings' tuition.


They could get over my death eventually but the longer I put it off it's like I'm just delaying the inevitable and racking up the emotional and financial cost in the meanwhile. Every time someone does something nice for me, there's this feeling that I don't deserve it, I'm just wasting their kindness, someone more permanent(?) and able to reciprocate deserves it more. And every time a problem comes up, I feel guilty about, either because the situation would've been better for everyone else had I not been involved or that I'm not contributing anything to help fix it.


I can't deal with the thought of living my entire life like this, just waiting for the one thing that would trip me over and wasting everyone's effort.


I KNOW a lot of this is irrational by the way, which only makes the fucking guilt worse