Beautiful kids. Fine life. So emptyI am 35. I have 2 amazing kids. Like - movie characters (cute, sweet, smart). I am married to a beautiful woman. 

I preface this to jump ahead of the "you have so much to live for stuff". I know there are solver linings. And I don't mean to sound rude. 

I feel that there has been a dark cloud over me my whole life. I was raped as a young kid. An immigrant to the US. Always self conscious about. Grew into a debilitating social anxiety and low self esteem. I always wanted a better life for my kids than I have. I have tried to protect them from the world. I know how evil it can be. It took me so long to finally separate from their mom. A ridiculously negative person. She had her own demons. Good mom for the most part. But never failed to point out what was wrong with a moment..... Example - for her first mother's day I decided to pick up our baby from day care early. Made a onesie that said "I love you mom". Got a small 5*4 canvas and took the babies hand print and put in on the canvas. Wrote gap pay mother's day. Had this as surprise when she came home. Her first words were - why did you let her paint for the first time without me present. Tossed the gift aside and didn't asked that we pretend that didn't happen. Again. Negative. But did take care and love the girls. I left her because of the limitations she put on me as a dad. I wasn't allowed to take the girls anywhere without her being present. Just... Well it sucked. We separated and were both better for it. But in that process spent all our savings. I have given every cent and gotten into credit card dept to put the girls in recreational activities. 

I later got married. To an educated professional really kind woman. She was good with the girls. And about 4 months into marriage I started to see cracks. She would become overwhelmed at the smallest things. And cry or yell. Then one night she lost it. Luckily the girls were with their mom so it was just me. She started hitting me and kicking me. I'm a muscular guy. I could take care of myself. I called the police that night. Not because I feared for myself. But as she hit and kicked me I saw 5 years into the future. Her losing it with my girls. Hitting them. Or kicking them. And I couldn't do it. I had failed them. I failed her. I failed myself. 
Her dad bailed her out and got her an attorney. We decided to work on things... Mainly because I didn't want to put the girls through another separation. Her dad said that we (me) had to pay what he spent for that incident. 

The money isn't the issue. That sucks, yes. But it's me. It what I feel I bring to the girl's lives. Nothing but a black cloud. They are asleep next to me now. In the one bed room we share and I have never been more complete and more alone. I cannot give them what they need. They deserve the world. God if you knew how great they are. So sweet. So innocent. I don't deserve. They deserve so much better. I can't breathe because of the guilt. The failure I have been. I just want to disappear. Kiss them goodnight and say goodbye. I love them so much. And know in my heart they are better off without me. I'm so sorry. 