At the end of my rope here..I just don't know how much longer I can hold out. Some backstory: I'm 18 and have been dealing with this crap for something like 10 years. Started getting treated for depression two years ago and was stuck on prozac. A few months in started to break down again and couldn't even stand to look at my psychiatrist. Acted like everything was fine and dandy to get out of it. Fastforward to five months ago and my panic attacks got so bad I had no other choice but to go in again. Well, seems I may have bipolar, but being too young can't get a proper diagnosis. In my final year of secondary school (highschool for American folk) and it was pretty much the worst time something like this could have come about. On new medication which honestly does sweet fuck all, but my mother who has to come on as a second opinion is adamantly pushing to my new shrink that they work like a miracle. I'm a new man! I tear up all the time and just feel like I'm falling apart. I can't deal with all the pressure from exams, friends, family, EVERYTHING!!! I know the whole "Oh, but you're young! You have the world ahead of you! You don't know pressure yet" story. Had it yelled at me enough by shrinks and my alcoholic father. I know I'm young! The fact that I feel this broken up about just getting up in the morning is bad enough. I can't entertain the idea of doing it another 60 odd years.

Which brings me to now. I'm sick of it. I just can't do it anymore. I spent my paddy's day running out of my friends place at two in the morning when people were clearing out, sober, and sobbing outside a closed petrol station for a further hour. The same medication my shrink and mam think is fixing me is what I plan on using. Been looking up lethal dosages the last two weeks so I get it right. I just can't pretend to be happy anymore. I'd rather face dying just to kill this feeling for good.

TL;DR

18 years old. On and off meds for two years. Things are falling apart. Plan on OD'ing on my meds .