I just feel like ending it every freaking day, but I have no opportunities to.I don't want to live, and I don't care about anything in the world. I guess the only thing I care about is my pets. When they die, I don't know how to handle myself. Whenever I am mad at myself for whatever retarded reason my cat just walks up to me, and then I stop crying and start laughing. Every day I wake up feeling like useless. Like some space dust morphed into a planet and then fucking made me. Why. I don't want to be on this Earth. Not living would be fucking great. Less wars, less disease, less loved ones dying. There's religion, but I can't imagine some dude with a staff breaking up the ocean or whatever, leading civilians away from an army being true...some story in the bible I think. But seriously, what is good about living? Being rich or poor doesn't create happiness, I live in a nice home but would like to end it more than someone living in a dump in India somewhere. If there was a non-painful way of dying, I would take it. The only two things I love are my cats, so I guess I have to wait 10 more years or so and let them have a happy life. They are the joy and life support of my body. Everyone else I meet are just plain assholes. My parents don't like me and constantly break my things because apparently I "have a bad tone of voice that they don't like". Well guess what, mom! Maybe the fucking sperm that made me shouldn't have made my fucking vocal cords the way they are! Screw you! Pay attention to the fucking words I am saying sometimes, and maybe I'll be fucking nice to you! Food is another thing. I just seem to not be able to fucking handle myself over food. Whenever I have the opportunity to eat something sugary in my house, I eat it. I am 18 and weigh 290 pounds. So yeah, I am a fat ass. Not going to be one of those dumb ass feminists that say "oh, I'm fat because people are mean to me reeeee." No, I'm fat because I fucking eat too much, and no other goddamn reason why. Honestly. Fuck life. And screw you space dust for making me.