A life story for the end of a life.No, I do know one thing...I'm tired. 

Growing up, I think I remember being a happy child. I was never good at socializing, I never really had best friends, but I still had people to play with. That started to change as I grew up. 

My dad was mentally and physically abusive, something that we don't talk about and he refuses to acknowledge. I don't remember large chunks of my childhood with clarity...really only the worst incidents of him beating me...

I was in first grade, I can't remember what I did wrong or the actual beating. Only that I had a huge belt shaped mark on my thigh, that scarred, and I couldn't walk..and he was sitting beside me saying sorry...and I was saying it was ok because I was afraid of him..afraid he would hit me again....

Beatings like this were commonplace from then on, as I was an inattentive, forgetful child. I didn't do my homework, made good grades on tests, but flunked from not doing assignments. Each time a report card came out a beating followed. It got to the point where in 4th grade, that I would curl up in a corner as he beat me, the belt hitting any area not protected by my arms, his screaming ringing in my ears.

I never got birthday gifts. If I did he would find some excuse to not give them to me, or give them to my brother and make him open them in front of me. I read alot, because that was my only escape. After a bad parent teacher conference, he made me give away every single one of them. I refused and he beat me until I packed them up.

To this day, when I hear a snapping sound, or people start yelling, I still get nervous. 

I was ready to die by 5th grade. I was eraser burning myself, not understanding why, only that it helped. I took a knife from the kitchen and hid it under my bed. I would talk to my teddy bear and tell him I was going to see grandma, who had died the year before.

Things changed when I went to visit my mother during the summer, of 6th grade, who hadn't really been in my life until then due to her own problems. My dad told me I would be going to live with her after I got home, since I couldn't keep family business to myself. I cried all week because he had been telling me for as long as I could remember she was a terrible person. 

After moving I remember moving to cutting. I was never quite happy and I didn't know why. I was able to make 2 good friends, and I held on to them. I was happy to be with my mom, but she worked a lot, I didn't like my stepfather, and so I was left to my own devices. I went to visit my father finally, who announced my stepmom was pregnant. She was already 6 months.

I was then told I would be moving back in with my father. He had lied to my mom and told her I wanted to come home. My cutting became so bad that I would carry a razor in my shoe.

I struggled through high school, again, never making solid friends, never exceling or even making it. I began skipping school to stay home since my dad was on deployment, just so I didn't have to deal with my anxiety about school, about being in this place again, about being stupid and unwanted and unloved as my dad had been telling me for so many years. He didn't start being me again, but his verbal abuse was unabated, going so far as to make fun of my weight, and threaten to break my bones if I talked back.

I was placed in therapy after my scars were discovered. I didn't take it seriously and ended up lying to my first therapist. I was angry, I was sad, and I just wanted everyone to leave me alone and let me die. My second therapist however was a completely different story. I don't know how, but he made me talk. He made me rage, and cry, and realize that I never deserved any of the treatment I received. That the abuse was not discipline, but abuse. He helped me stop cutting, and spoke harshly to my dad and stepmom about changing my environment. This did not go over well with my father, and he removed me after a year.

I began spiraling again after my third therapist, only because I didn't like her, didn't trust her, and didn't want to start all over again. I was 17, and had just lost my virginity. I was addicted to the rush of sex, so I quit therapy, my meds, and went on a rampage. I lost count of how many partners I had between 17-19, but they were all mostly older,sometimes married, gentlemen, excited to let me work out my issues with them. After each encounter I would feel even more hollow, and I would start searching again for the next rush. 

I met the first love of my life at 18. What was a one night stand became something that mostly sustained me for a year and a half. Mostly.

Old habits were hard to break. I kept cheating. I craved that thrill. After having second thoughts and trying to leave one of the encounters, the man wouldn't take no for an answer. He sodomized me and beat me with the belt of his buckle. I saw him 3-4 times afterwards, telling myself it was my fault, letting him take me while I convinced myself I wanted it, just like the first time. 

It all ended when my father walked in on us after coming home early one day. One month later, I was shipped to live my mother again. I was 19. 

I've been here ever since. Struggling to fill the now permanent emptiness. I don't remember what I used to like. I don't remember what my dreams were. I am in another relationship, and sometimes it's amazing, but sometimes he yells and throws things, and it scares me. I lost my place 2 years ago and now I live with him and his parents in their basement. I have an ok job, but it;s high stress and leaves me in tears everyday. I started and stopped school twice, and while I have a close at times relationship with my mom, she has again, her own problems. 

I think about writing letters to everyone and mailing them. Going out and having a nice meal and lots to drink. Getting back into my car and driving over a cliff. Life has not been fun. It has not been nice. I don't understand why I'm expected to live it. For other people? Fuck that. This? This feeling? this isn't living. I'm just waiting to die, to end a life that has shown me  nothing but hurt, and to end the knowledge that it will never get better. I might just do it. It would be so easy to do. 

And I've always been impatient. 