Every day I want to kill myselfI've been struggling with depression for many years, and for a while, I was getting better, but now I'm falling back into a very dark place. There are a lot of reasons why I want to die, but it's mainly this:

So basically, I've been enrolled in a technical college, hoping, in the end, to get a career in software development. I was doing fairly well, but I seem to be struggling in this one course. Like every time I try working on a project I don't know how to solve any of the problems. I've had to ask the teacher for help several times, which wouldn't bother me if we didn't get points taken off for needing assistance. I'm falling behind and I feel so stupid every day. Like, this stuff is only beginner shit and I can't even do that. In high school I passed the AP Calculus exam with a 4. I'm not saying that to brag or anything, I'm saying that because I feel like I should be getting these coding functions easily. So why can't I?

After this course the instructors will look at how I did and determine whether or not I should go into software development. I'm so afraid of being a failure, because I was kind of hoping on doing this to have a financially stable future and I have no fucking idea what I'm going to do if I have to find some other career path. I have Aspergers and extremely debilitating social anxiety, so I don't exactly have it in me to try to find a future via social connections.

Every day after school I go to work, and for my entire shift suicidal thoughts are plaguing my mind. I feel like if I can't do software development then my life is over and I might as well be dead.

Typing this out I realize how pathetic it is to be depressed over something like this. There's honestly a lot more I'm depressed about, but this is the main thing that's been bugging me.

I've been in a mental hospital before. I actually kind of miss it now. There you don't have to worry about anything in the outside world and everyone's nice to you.

Sorry this post is really scattered but whatever.