I hate the world and no longer wish to be a part of it.This will likely be a long post, so if you don't want to read what will most likely come off as the crazy rantings of a lunatic, skip to the bottom, I'll put some kind of tl;dr either in the last paragraph or in an actual tl;dr.

For at least the last 6 years, I have felt like the world has been by and large... wrong.  I have always been a very literal and logical person, to the point of actually being honestly concerned that I suffered from PPD (Psychopathic Personality Disorder) enough to bring it up with my therapist.

I have had suicidal ideation and everything up to actually attempting it many times in the past, though this time feels different.  In the past, it was always feeling depressed and just not wanting to go on.  This time, it feels like a last resort.  What's motivating me to write this is to try to get other points of view, because from my point of view, this is seeming like a better and better idea every day.

As the title says, I hate the world.  I don't aggressively hate it, I just passively hate it, if that makes any sense.  I don't spend all day seething in rage about the world, I just recognize that the world is on a destructive course and is being driven by idiots and there's nothing I can do about it.

I basically feel like apathy and stupidity have become the norm, and almost every person I know or know of is willfully or otherwise blind to this fact.

When I express discontent about the troubles of normal adult life (I myself am in the middle of college, and probably closer to a teenager in maturity, I haven't really made the transition to living on my own and supporting myself yet), I always hear things like "Well, life sucks, you just have to learn to live with it.".  This depresses me to no end.  If life sucks, why live it?  That just seems illogical and stupid.  I hear people say "Well, there are moments that make life worth living.".  But if I'm going to spend the vast majority of my life doing stuff I don't enjoy doing, just to have a few fleeting moments of happiness, why would anyone want to do that?

I see these people, working 60+ hours a week to support their family, still barely making ends meet, and putting just enough away to maybe retire when they are 70.  Why would you want to live through all that hell just for the good on the other end?  It seems blissfully ignorant to me to think that the positive really outweighs the negative.

Moreover, apathy and stupidity fill me with hate almost every day.  I worked in a retail job for a few years during high school.  During that time, I met many people who were working the job, but doing a poor job at it.  When I asked them why they didn't do this that or the other thing, they would reply "I just don't care".  If you commit to be there at work, what fucking mental problem can you have that makes you not want to put forth the effort to do it right?

People disgust me.  I see people every day doing things that are downright lazy, apathetic, and plain stupid.  A particular example of this is in the /r/talesfromtechsupport subreddit.  There are many (entertaining) stories of techs having to deal with stupid users.  But it's not that they are stupid, it's that the convince themselves that they can't learn it, or just don't want to put in the effort.

I have said many times that if I had a button that I could press that would kill every person who was apathetic or just plain stupid, I wouldn't think twice.

It's because of these views that I feel like the only real logical choice for me is to end my life.

I feel like there's no way for me to fix the problems with the world, and everyone else sees the world through rose colored glasses and doesn't see a problem, and the odds of me actually enjoying my life are so low that they aren't worth my time.

I've never had an important relationship, neither friend nor girlfriend (I'm male).  Nor do I wish to.  I am constantly surprised by the stupidity of people, and I have no desire to involve myself in that further.  More over, a person who I would get along with would likely have the same problem, which would inherently mean a relationship wouldn't form.  When you hate people, but you want to enter into a relationship with another person who hate's people, you're doing it wrong.

Even as I write this, I am feeling more and more depressed.  Not in an actual "depression" way mind you, I'm not feeling catatonic or emotionally depressed, I'm just having an existential experience.  I am fed up with the world, and see no way to change it, so the only choice remaining is to remove myself from the equation.

**tl;dr** - Apathy and stupidity disgust me, I see the world going down the tubes, don't think I can do anything about it, so I am considering killing myself.

Now, I come to the main reason of making this post.

I'm looking for counter-arguments.  Someone to play devil's advocate, and convince me I'm wrong, and that the world isn't bad, or even just that I shouldn't kill myself.

I'm not looking for anything along the lines of "what about your family, they will miss you", as I honestly believe that regardless of what they will feel, this decision needs to be made outside of that.  If I choose to kill myself, I do it for myself, not to make other people feel bad, so if they choose to feel bad about it, that's their problem to deal with.

I'm also not looking for counter-arguments along the lines of "Get out into the world, travel, see things you haven't seen before.".  I traveled plenty with my family in my youth, I'm willing to bet I've been to more countries than the vast majority of people reading this post.  I've seen nearly all the world has to offer, and very little of it impressed me.  I have no desire to travel, as that just exposes me to more people that exacerbate my problem.

If anyone can give me a reason why I'm wrong, I'm glad to hear it.  I'll check back on this post fairly regularly and give responses.  That is, if I'm still around.