How do I tell the one I love how I feel?This past month is some of the lowest times of my life, and at this point I've had the urges to finish things and even planned out what I would do.

I have no one I can go to really. I don't have friends, my family would hate me if they knew everything I wanted to say (not just regarding this, but so much more). The only person I feel comfortable going to is the person I'm in love with, who I won't name so she keeps anonymous, I don't know if she goes here, but just in case.

She already knows I love her a lot, though even she doesn't know the full extent of it. She is dating somebody else however, and while I am very happy for her and him, I really can't get over my feelings. I've never felt the way I do about her towards anybody else. She's my best friend, all I think about. I see her in my dreams, I want nothing more than to have her in my life. She is the only person I ever feel like I can actually be myself around, be the real me. She actually cares about me, and I don't think I can say that for anyone else.

In the past few months I've screwed up so much with our connection and it is such a terrible feeling. I've really started to notice a change in interactions on her end. She seems annoyed with me at times, like I make her uncomfortable. Our mutual friends think that she would be direct in saying if I'm annoying or upsetting her, and she is usually honest and up front to others with that stuff, but I can't help but think she is trying to spare my feelings.

I've been hiding my thoughts of ending it from everyone, especially her. I feel like if I finally open up to her about how I've been feeling she is going to blame herself and not take it well. And that's the last thing I want. I have never once blamed her for how low I have felt lately, and all I want anymore is for her to be happy. I just feel like I'm a failure at that. Just like everything else.

I genuinely don't know who to turn to about how I feel. She's always been there to support me, but I really don't want to hurt her by telling her this. I'm at a complete loss. What do I do?

Sorry if I'm being a bother.