Lost my only friendNote: I posted this on the TIFU subreddit but just found out that it would have been more appropriate to post it here.

I'm 23. I'm not sure where to begin. I'm scared. I don't know what to do. Up until now, my friend and one other person (a suicide hotline worker) knew of my situation. And now, all of you will know.

My friend was a girl. I've known her for over two years. I only knew her through the internet. I don't know how or why, but I was never able to make any other friends. She was the only one who would talk to me. She was the only one who wanted to talk to me. She was my friend.

I never really understood the importance or relevance of human interaction before I met her. It was so much fun talking with her, enjoying each other's company. I never realised how much fun it was to talk with someone. I never realised how big the world really was.

I will confess that perhaps I harboured an unhealthy attachment for her. There was a time about a year after I met her where I was all alone. I just finished a college course, I had stopped going to work, and my family went on vacation. It was like this for a few months. I always thought that I had a certain tolerance to social isolation, but I couldn't have been more wrong. I didn't leave home, except to buy food. I had the internet in front of me, but I never approached people on it, or in real life. But there was one girl who always reached out to me. She always initiated the conversations. I was confused. At first, I was a little annoyed.

My isolation was getting worse. There wasn't anyone who talked to me. It led me to believe that no one cared about me. That no one would care if ceased to exist. I started experiencing doubt. I wanted to kill myself. I know it's a trivial thing to kill one's self over, but that's what I was thinking. If I don't make a difference in anyone's lives, what's the point in living? What's the point in living if I can't be useful? But that girl, she always talked to me. It was a slow process. So slow, that I didn't realise when my doubts became positivity. But it happened. I was happy. Sometimes, she would only talk to me once a week, but I was excited. I was giddy. I always looked forward to when the messaging program would light up in the corner and make a sound. It's an asinine thing to be happy about, but I really was content.

Just to let you all know, I'm not a complete recluse. I'm a waiter. I have even a basic level of social intelligence.

I felt indebted to her. It was an incredible feeling. She doesn't know all this, but I did tell her how happy I was about it. She certainly doesn't know that I was suicidal at the time. But that debt - It wasn't a weight at all. It felt like I had a purpose. I was happy to try and repay it, and perhaps, be useful to her.

I will admit that I fantasised about being partners. But I was scared that I would be the only one benefiting from such a relationship. Plus, she was always in a relationship, so it was difficult to find a right time to offer that thought. But, I can honestly say that I was still content with being friends.

Fast forward to about a year later. She had just gotten out of a relationship with someone whom she was strongly attached to. I never expected it to last. She only knew the other person for a few months to half a year at best. But she was really happy, and that was enough to make me happy too. She felt horrible about what happened. She fell into a state of depression. She always felt awful at the end of her other relationships, but this time, she was hurt bad. It lasted longer, and her facebook posts were ominous. On the chat program we use, she often changed her profile pictures to those of crying people, and would change her username to something equally as depressing. 'Worthless' was a prominent one that stuck. I really felt like I needed to do something, so I wanted to do for her what she did for me. Talk. I tried talking to her every day. I tried to always initiate the conversation. Maybe I was bombarding her, but from what I gathered through her talking with me, she was suicidal. She didn't say it directly, but that made me all the more afraid.

I was trying to distract from all the nasty stuff. I was trying to replace her negativity with positivity. I told her that she didn't have to do it all at once. I told her that she can take it one step at a time. I told her that I thought she was strong. I told her that I felt that I was saved by her, and told her about when she was talking to me when I was all alone (but I did not mention my own suicidal thoughts at the time). For a moment, she got a better. But that didn't last long. Near Christmas, it was getting worse. I felt all her other friends on facebook were dancing around the issue. That they were just licking her wounds but not dealing directly with the problem. I decided to become the villain. I thought that if I confronted her with a bit of short term pain and lay out the facts, she'll suffer for a moment, but then realise that the world is so much bigger that she thought at the time. At the time, things were getting heated, and she said that I didn't know what she felt when she was with her partner. I told her that though I hated having to say it, I said that she was inexperienced. Most of her relationships started online, and was the main setting for it all. Her partner at the time was someone she often met up with in real life, though. She told me that I was being insensitive, and I replied that I knew that I was.

(Something that I should mention is that during her depression, I often asked her if we could talk again. I was indirectly having her promise me that she wouldn't do anything stupid, as I feared that she was still suicidal.)

I asked her if we could talk again, but she asked me to apologise. I refused, saying that if I did, it would mean that my words meant nothing. But I apologised for the hurt. She left in a heated huff, and logged off. I never got a response to my question. I got scared. I wondered if I had really made the right decision. Out of desperation, I started contacting her friends to try and get into contact with her, but none of them responded to me. At one point before all this, I even messaged her mother about her depression. There was nothing I could do. My doubts were coming back. I wondered if I had killed her. I froze in place. I could do nothing but hope that she was just going to cool off, or that her friends go into contact with her. Following that, I thought the best course of action was to back off and leave her alone for a while. I thought that she would contact me when she was ready. I didn't sign into our chat program in case she didn't want to see me. We were still facebook friends. I don't know if she was doing anything for Christmas, but I sent her a gift through Steam. I don't know what she thought of it, but I know she played it for a long time.

I ended up backing off for a month. During that time, some of my fears were realised. She made a post on facebook talking about killing herself. I was frightened. I wondered if I really helped, or just made things worse. I was going to respond, but her friends were quick to respond. I believed that I was in a terrible state of doubt, so I chose not to reply. Her friends were doing a much better job.

My doubts were becoming heavier. At one point, her depression cleared up. I admit, that I had become her facebook stalker at some point, so that's how I knew she was getting along. Everything was going well for her. She made new friends, and claimed that she found people who appreciated her company. I didn't know what this all meant, but I thought she would actively try to seek me out at this point. I still wasn't logging on to our chat program. My doubts had taken over me again, so I thought she would come and help me like I tried to help her. I was wondering if she was worried about me. I realise that my thoughts had become poisoned and nasty.

It was about two months since we stopped talking. I grew desperate. I thought that she didn't care about me. I questioned whether I really existed. I ended up creating a new account on facebook, and began adding a lot of her friends. I noticed how her friends always flew to her side when she made a scary post, so I thought that maybe they could be my friend too. That I could be fixed. I was using a different alias. I don't know what I was expecting. It only made me feel worse. I made over 200 facebook friends in about two weeks, but I felt emptier. At some point, she seemed to figure out who I was. I don't know how, but she did. She blocked me on it as well as on my real accounts.

I was scared. I was annoyed. I was angry. How did she know it was me? It felt like she somehow only recognised my bad qualities. That I had no semblance of a redeeming factor. Before blocking me, she messaged me saying that she knew it was me, but I chose to ignore it.

My doubt was growing worse. I felt like I was in a complete reversal of the situation that was in. She took all my positivity and confidence, and I took all her negativity and doubts. The only difference was, she was friends and people with whom she could share her worries with. I felt awful. It was compounded by the fact that my home was robbed recently, and I felt guilty about it because my parents were upset and I didn't turn on the alarm before leaving for work.

I wanted to die, but I couldn't. Not before I had paid off my debt. My debt to her and to my parents. I ended up calling the Samaritans (suicide hotline). They said that perhaps we both misunderstood something, and that I should try talking to her. At the time, they were the only person who knew my situation.

It took me a long time to muster up the courage to talk to her. I don't know if she cared. When I last talked to her, she went offline before answering my question. I took that to mean that she didn't want to talk to me. And the lack of responses during those past three months indicated that. I was scared that I was only going to bother and cause trouble for her. That's not what I wanted to do.

So we talked, and things went relatively well. Though I apologised more than I needed to, probably. Apparently, she never contacted me outside of the chat program, because it was our main medium for communication. But I felt bitter because she had no trouble sending that message to me on facebook when she found out my alias.

I don't remember if we talked much during this time. Though we appeared to be friends again, we didn't talk much for about a month. I felt like we didn't. I felt like I was still a nuisance. I wanted so badly to talk to her, but I knew my doubts would disgust her. After a while, but my doubts built up so much that I let it all out in one burst on her. This is coming up to the fourth and final month. We talked for a bit, and we seemed to be doing well. It felt like things were going back to the way they were. My doubts had left. But that didn't last long. I remembered how her suicidal posts would accrue much support, and her ominous usernames and profile pictures. I ended up changing mine as well, and hoped that someone, not necessarily her, would come and check up on me. She didn't, and no on else did. I know I'm being an idiot. I know my thoughts are nasty and disgusting. I know my heart is black. I know I'm irrational. With another round of doubt in my head, I confronted her again. Without realising it, I was making her feel guilty about the situation with my doubts, and with my self-deprecating behaviour. I felt horrible. I suggested that she block me. After a while, she felt that our discussion was going nowhere, and took me up on my offer and blocked me, but not before leaving her own final piece. It wasn't fair. That wasn't a goodbye at all. That was a complete slamming of the door in my face. My heart and spirit shattered. This all happened yesterday.

I was scared. I had some backup accounts on facebook which I contacted her with. She got freaked out and was creeped out by me. I told her that I was aware, but told that we should at least cut contact on terms that we both agree upon, if that was really necessary. She responded by blocking me on all of the accounts. There was still one more mode of communication. One where users can't be blocked. It was a certain website. I messaged her on it, and told her that I thought we both needed to cool off and time to gather our thoughts. She told me that she had no interest in being friends with stalkerish tendencies. I backed off, but intended to try again.

I spent the entirety of today working on a letter of sorts. I felt that I was rational through the entire thing, and sent it to her.

This is how she responded.

---

I'm sorry but I've already made up my mind. I'm not interested in being friends anymore and I will never be able to trust you again. I already told you I want you to move on and blocked you. Blocking means I don't want to talk and drag out this thing anymore. And I don't want you to harass me anymore. Everything you did after I blocked you constitutes as harassment and I will not tolerate it. In fact it made me shake in fear. Please move on already, there's nothing to gain from this. You're beating a dead horse. Doing any more will just leave off a worse impression and it'll start to make me regret being friends in the first place. Please stop it before it actually becomes true.

---

I responded with this.

---

Did you read my message? It kind of feels like I'm not being given a fair trial. I know I'm awkward at this, but I'm confused. Especially when you say I should or shouldn't have disappeared. I don't know if I've deluded myself into thinking this is the case, but I still feel like you're biased about this.

But if you really think this is the end, then, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for all that I've done. I really enjoyed our time. I'm sorry for betraying your trust. If I could start all over again, I would, of course, not do all the stupid things the lead up to this. You have an incredible strength, and I believe that you will be happy. If you can at least do me one favour, don't ever take what you have for granted. That's all I can ask for. Have a good life. Heh, if you ever change your mind, you know where to find me. Thank you for at least reading my thoughts one last time.

---

This is my last message from her. It was two hours ago.

---

I did read your message, and that was my decision. If you'll respect my decision now and avoid me, then thank you. I hope you'll find other, better people.

Goodbye.

---

I fucked up. I fucked up. I fucked up. I fucked up. I fucked up. I don't know what to do. I'm a horrible idiot. I fucked up. What do I do? I fucked up. I have no on to talk about this with. I fucked up. I have no friends. I fucked up. I want to kill myself. I fucked up. I really don't want this to end, but I really don't want to hurt her. I fucked up. My doubts. I fucked up.

Edit 1: I thought some of you might be interested in seeing the letter I worked on and sent today.

---

Well, if we're talking stalkers, if I was one, Shirai Kuroko is much more invasive and blatant than me. I have no intention of going down the horror genre.

Is this too soon? Have you recomposed yourself? I, too, have been doing my best to focus on my task at hand. I'm not going to let you slam the door in my face like this. I'm being backed into a corner. Of course I'm going to fight. Doubts be damned, I want to live. This sudden shift in this attitude of mine - It takes precedence over any doubt. I don't know if I should have stayed away longer, but your response, or lack thereof, following this message, will serve as a good indication. The last time I disappeared, you said I shouldn't have. So let me fire that back at you. I don't want you to disappear either. So here I am, and I have no idea what I'm doing. I guess, it would be good to start with an apology. I apologise for the continuous display of my terrible sides. I know I apologise for the same things over and over again, so I don't expect to be forgiven. I've known you for over two years. Even if this time has meant little to you, it meant a lot to me. There's a reason I feel as strong as I do towards you.

I know I suggested you blocking me, but not if it was going to be so bumpy. I don't believe that you're satisfied with such an ending either. It does seem unlikely that we'll ever be friends again, but that doesn't mean things should have ended up the way they did. You know that that wasn't a proper goodbye, right? Goodbyes don't necessarily mean a complete drop in contact between parties. No, that was something else. People don't just stop talking after a goodbye. If you're going to say goodbye, then I'll say hello. Or rather, good evening. But, if you don't want to talk to me because I'm hurting you, then please tell me. If that is the case, then at the very least, I want to say a proper farewell. It's not fair that you just get to say your piece, leave and disappear. Don't you think that was too sudden?

I really did have some solutions in mind. One solution I want is one where I could face you properly again. I don't think our discussion was going nowhere. Don't you think you're being irrational? Do you yourself believe that all the possibilities have been explored?Yesterday, you kept asking me why I was doing what I did when you tried to leave. I think, looking back on it now, I was afraid that I'd break. I know it's selfish. It makes it sound like I'm not considering how you feel. But if I may continue being selfish, I'd like you to hear the rest of what I have to say. Again, I'm doing this to make sure. I don't want to regret anything. I guess I can't say for sure about you, but you don't want to regret anything either, right?

Right now, you think the main issue is that I'm being hurt by you. If I had to say what it was...well, I'm probably hurting you, too. I have to know for sure if I really am doing that. If that is the case...then, though I may be reluctant, and, not exactly satisfied, I understand the no contact. Another solution was to try and get over that irrational feeling of being hurt. Do you really think that's impossible? I don't know if it will work, but, if like you, I'm given enough time, it will be replaced by something positive. That's just a theory. But if I am to test it out, I need your assistance. I know I'm not in a position to be asking something like that from you, but perhaps you can hear the rest of what I have to say?

I hate that it's come to this. I don't want to come off as a victim or anything, but it kind of feels terrible not having any friends and being seen like this by someone who I used to be friends with. Honestly, it wasn't my intention to guilt you. I just wanted help. There. I said it. I just wanted help getting over this feeling. I just want to be told that I can do it. I want to be told that I'm capable. I want to get a clap on the back and be told "Go out and run a 100 laps around the block!" No one else knows of my situation. Though technically speaking, one other person knows, but that's not relevant. I just wanted to attract attention, but I failed at it. I didn't know who else to turn to with my problems. I guess, I thought of you again. I thought of how you made such scary posts before, and thought that maybe if I showed a reflection of what I'm thinking through my name and image, I could get attention without actually asking for help. I'm aware that it was a clumsy and awkward way to ask for it. It didn’t have to be from you. A naive part of me thought that someone else on steam would try and approach me. My frustration built up when I couldn't get any. I want help. I want advice. But if I'm asking for too much, I can try to find it elsewhere. I just want to continue talking with you. I wish to not be thrown away. Didn't you say it before? That we both have to want it. I want it. Let me hear your answer.

Even if things turned sour, why should that mean we have to stop talking to one another? Even if we're not friends, I want to continue talking about things with you. About anime. About games. About life and all sorts of stupid nonsense. I don't know about you, but I detest rushed endings. Dropping all contact is something more painful than doubt itself. It's something that only happens in those third-rate television dramas. Do you really think this doubtful me is the real me? Did you think that your depressed self was the real you? Can you honestly say that you meant any of the things you said at the time? Again, I hate how it sounds like I'm trying to justify myself, but I needed some form of perspective. You took a considerable amount of time to get over everything. Is it too much for me to be granted the same privilege? I waited until you got over everything, too. Though, I will admit that I ended up changing as a result. Don't you think it's unfair that only my irrational behaviour is being punished? Just to be clear, I'm not saying I want you punished, nor am I saying you deserve to be. Maybe you didn't want me to understand you, but I wanted you to understand me. I think I get you a little better now. You too, were trying to avoid the nasty stuff. Trying to avoid the commotion. Avoiding the drama. Maybe that's why you avoided me when I was doubting. It makes sense. You mentioned before that you believe all friendships are destined to end. I wonder if you really believe that? What does that mean in regards to all your current friendships? I hate to bring this up, too, but I'm understanding how you must have felt, before. Didn't you say that you were scared that I left because you thought that I thought I found you disgusting? Right now, I'm feeling that exact thing. If I can overcome all of this, I can win. I want to believe that. I want you to believe that I can.

I know I am asking a lot of you. I see that. Did I not say before that I realised the importance of human interaction? At one point, I forgot it, but now, it's become obvious. I, too, am frustrated with my own behaviour. Make no mistake. I am not crying or begging, and I have no intention of doing either of those things. I simply wish to see a satisfactory conclusion to our discussion. Do not underestimate the power of debate. If need be, I'll deal with my doubt somehow by myself. You'll never have to hear of them again. I would think that that's a favourable compromise. I don't want to lose you again. If you'll allow it, I will try again, but with the aforementioned conditions.If this really is the end, then there's nothing I can do to stop it. But at the very least, I have to make sure that this is the real you that I'm talking to. Not a depressed, angry or scared you. If it means you'll be happy, then I will respect your decision. My last letter of sorts took me months to compose, so I hope this serves to indicate how serious I am about this. Of course, I'd very much like to hear your thoughts and side of the story on this.

---

TL;DR I sabotaged myself. Everything I did was entirely my own doing. I'm revolting. In all my life, I've only made one real friend and fucked it up. I'm weak. I'm pathetic. I'm not useful to anyone and I don't exist. I'm the villain. I'm irrational.