Going to end it on my birthday in less than two weeksI've been battling depression for about a decade now. Been an ongoing struggle. I've felt absolutely worthless since high school. I've had two romantic relationships since then. The first wrecked me. It lasted just shy of three years. It was an emotional rollercoaster and it took me a couple years to realize it was a toxic relationship where I was used and emotionally abused. 


My career has hit every single road bump it seems like. I work in an industry where suicide rates are very high. I've been trying to move up the next step on the ladder for the last several years. It's a huge step from "just a job" I have now into a career. My own employer convinced me to turn down an opportunity to try and move up with them. Which I did. When I waited enough time and applied, they turned around and said no thanks. One of the people involved made up some character traits about me so I could be rejected. I've tried two other potential employers this year. One I got turned down over a technicality which I understood. The other I got to the very end of the process and it looked extremely promising. Out of the blue I got rejected by email, and when I called they wouldn't tell me why. I have a paranoid feeling that someone at my current employer had something to do with it.


Earlier this year I met an amazing woman. Someone who I felt like was exactly the kind of person I've waited for a long time. Things were going great. Then my own mind clouded my judgement and the relationship. My depression started to kick in. I started to withdraw but was scared to tell her why even after she told me I could open up to her. Eventually she made a smart decision to leave me. I've been torn up about it for months now. I fucked it up completely. Someone I saw a future with I destroyed the chance. I've dated a lot since the first breakup I mentioned. Nobody came close to her.


There's so many other personal tragedies I've suffered on top of all this. I can't sleep more than a few hours a night. I have prescription medications to try and help but they only work every so often. I can't get on antidepressants because of the industry I work in.


For the last couple months I've been journaling which led to writing my final letter. My hand started to hurt from writing so much. I wanted to address every important person in my life so they could feel less sad when I'm gone. I wanted none of them to feel any guilt about my passing. For the last few weeks I've been recording goodbye videos so people will have less questions about why. I've reached my tipping point. The only reason I've lasted this long was because of my pets. They have helped me through so much pain. I've felt like I've neglected them recently. They deserve better. And I know my people will look after them.


I've tried everything to redirect my suffering and ease it. Been seeing a counselor. Continuing my workouts in the gym. Hanging out with friends. I just end up doing a circle. Get home. Feel hopeless and depressed. I've been trying to find the right time to do it. There's been big events among friends so I didn't want to leave a negative memory on their special dates. The career I wanted us unattainable. The woman I wanted I've pushed away. Every other thing I've wanted I've been rejected on. I feel like a loser. Feel like a nobody. Feel like a body of defeat. I've lost the fight I was known for being strong in.