Feeling lot worse lately and I want to talk.First of all, I'm sorry if English is off. I'm not a native English speaker.

I probably thought of committing suicide since I was 11 or 12, maybe even younger. It wasn't like my life was bad or anything, it wasn't a depression neither, I just didn't see the point of living. I first talked about thoughts of suicide with 2 of my friends back when I was in 8th grade and I was surprised to find out that it wasn't a normal thing to think of, until then I thought everyone had thought of committing suicide in their life. I think I started to have symptoms of minor depression in my high school. I wasn't always depressed, but I constantly thought of suicide. Still, it wasn't that bad. 

I graduated high school with honor, but I decided to enter community college since I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life. I still don't. There I met a girl. We fell in love quite fast, but she refused to actually date me because "dating is complicated", it was my first time having relationship like that, so I didn't really care, we loved each other, or at least I did. So we practically became a friends with benefit, this relationship lasted about 3 years, and she left me many times during that 3 years. She left me becasue she found herself a boyfriend. After what she had told me, she found herself a boyfriend. I couldn't even get mad at her becasue I wasn't her boyfriend. I was betrayed and used. Worst part is that she didn't even say bye to me, she just stopped talking to me completely. I probably wouldn't hate her this much if she gave me proper goodbye. I thought our relationship at least deserved that. I really loved her and trusted her. I even told her about my depression because I didn't want to hide anything from her. But that was just one sided feeling. There was many things that went wrong with that relationship, but that's a story for another time. Towards end of that relationship my depression got worse, and I started hurting myself really bad. I have quite few cut marks on my right upper arm and on my chest, and my left upper arm is just mess. I had to hurt myself, that was only way I could have survived, I might have actually died if I didn't do that. 

Now I have a job, nothing big, but it's a job. I have fun at that job and I enjoy spending time with my coworkers. I went out to eat with few of my coworkers few days ago, and it was great, I don't think I had that much fun in a while. But after I got home I started to feel depressed again, I started to feel guilty for having fun, and started to worry that times like that won't show up again. I help my coworkers a lot in my work, not because I'm a nice guy, but because it makes me feel better about myself. But lately it feels like they're taking my help for granted, they're starting to make obvious that I help them and call me a "nice guy". I hate it when people think that it's obvious that I help them. I'm not helping them for them, I'm helping them because I feel better doing it, if I don't feel good doing it, then I won't do it. I'm not a nice guy. I'm selfish. I'm so selfish that I disgust myself, it's pathetic. It's hard for me to smile at work lately, I'm very energetic guy at work, but lately it's hard to be energetic at work...

4 people knows about my depression. 2 of them which I don't talk anymore, 1 which made it worse, and last one is my best friend, but I don't want to bother him with my problem. He has his own issue. I want to die. I think about suicide everyday, and I think about her everyday too. I want to die, but I'm a coward. I don't want to say bye to my friends just yet, I want to spend more time with them, I want to talk with them more. I wish they think same about me, or at least be happy to see me. I hate myself, I wish I could just let go. If I keep talk to them, then they might actually get sad when I end it, I'm so selfish... I don't want a girlfriend. I don't think I can be in a relationship, I'm sure I'll love that person, but if it goes bad then I might actually kill myself.  I think I still want to live, but it hurts.... I hate this.  

I bought St. John's Wort at CVS today. I'll start taking it from tomorrow, maybe that'll make me feel better. I want to spend more time with my friends, even if it's just a day more. I'm sorry for a long post and terrible English. Thank you for reading, I think there's more things that I want to say, but these is all I can think of right now. I haven't let things out like this in a long time, so it feels good. Again, thank you very much for reading.  


