Please help me I am feeling suicidal for the first time in my life and today my mom told me she might kill herself and we are running out of money fast and might become homeless soon.I am desperate I am sorry if this is the wrong subreddit but I need all the advice I can get. My family is running out of money. I live with my mom and dad nobody in the house has a paying job right now my dad gets disability checks but we won't be able to pay the rent soon. It's a long story, but both of my parents and I are becoming very suicidal we have struggled with mental problems our whole lives but the recent financial stress is pushing us all to our breaking points I almost had to admit myself to the ER last week because I was so close. Tonight my mom told me for the first time that she might kill herself and she also said to me that my dad is on the verge of being very suicidal and when my mom is unstable that makes my dad lose all of his stability so I could easily lose my parents at pretty much any moment. I honestly think/hope they would admit themselves to the ER first but by the time they are let out of a 72 hour hold or something they will not be better my dad has gone to many inpatient mental treatment centers before and he always comes back home worse so even if they go to the ER it will be a disaster that will most likely end up with us all being homeless. I dont know if I can get a job because i get such intense prolonged/chronic panic that ill hafto push through like 5 really bad anxiety attacks to get a job but my mom will notice my anxiety attacks and she will start breaking down and get mad at me for pushing through the anxiety because she would worry about me commiting suicide if I stress myself too much which is a real valid concern but we hafto get money not to be homeless and thats worse then anxiety attacks the only reason I havent gotten a job already is because she is very close to getting a job so I cant risk destabilizing her before she gets the job because she makes way more then I do but my whole family is just falling apart really fast. My Psychiatrist thinks that my meds Arent working enough for me and since I am struggling with suicidal thoughts she recommends that I should go to a group home for people with mental health issues or an inpatient care mental health center to stabilize and not harm myself while she figures out what medication would work for me. I agree, but since my family is going broke we can't afford any of that so I would hafto qualify for Medicaid or insurance of some kind. If anybody reading this knows anything about qualifying for Medicaid or insurance in Colorado please help me I am really desperate and don't know how it works at all. I am hoping since I didn't work last year or this year that I would qualify but I don't know if my dad getting disability checks would disqualify me. If I get Medicaid my plan is to move out of my parent's house get into a group home stabilize myself then get a job then my parents will be okay once I am out of crisis because that is the main reason they are breaking down so it is a win-win for everybody. I am posting this at like 5:00 am my time I hate to but I gotta sleep now but right when I wake up I will try my best to answer any questions you guys might have about my situation I am truly desperate any and all advice is welcome.