25 years old. No hope for any sort of future. No friends, never had a girlfriend, don't enjoy anything anymore, no energy for anything, I drink every night just to be able to sleep without torment.I'm feeling like I've felt life has given me all it had to offer to me. I'm weirdish so while people are friendly to me they probably view me as kind of creepy, the fact that I have never had a girlfriend or any friends of any sort probably contribute towards that.

Most of my interactions with other people seems like I'm getting down-talked to (I look like I'm 16-19 years old so I get called boy a lot).  Most of my family interactions are my parents bitching at me to grow up because I don't want to do anything anymore, and my 
Mostly every friend I've ever had has backstabbed me.... every girl I've dated has used me for a meal ticket. Most plans to hang out with people or even obtain drugs (when I was younger) I was flaked out on about 90% of the time, so it shapes the way I view humanity. The one time I was able to buy mairjuana it turned out they lied to me and it was shitty k2. 

Most of my interactions with other people seems like I'm getting down-talked to (I look like I'm 16-19 years old so I get called boy a lot).  Most of my family interactions are my parents bitching at me to grow up because I don't want to do anything anymore, and my 
(Such things are petty but I view simple things like that as a hallmark of my life).

Most of my interactions with other people seems like I'm getting down-talked to (I look like I'm 16-19 years old so I get called boy a lot).  Most of my family interactions are my parents bitching a
Most of my interactions with other people seems like I'm getting down-talked to (I look like I'm 16-19 years old so I get called boy a lot).  Most of my family interactions are my parents bitching at me to grow up because I don't want to do anything anymore, and my t me to grow up because I don't want to do anything anymore, and my 
 My job is a dead-end menial job that I'm entrusted to essentially a managerial position for the same pay as the newly hired mentally-handicapped workers make. Does a load for the self-esteem when I'm told I"m a good employee (and am/was) yet make shit for it all while I dont know wh yi even bother.

Most of my interactions with other people seems like I'm getting down-talked to (I look like I'm 16-19 years old so I get called boy a lot).  Most of my family interactions are my parents bitching at me to grow up because I don't want to do anything anymore, and I spend most (all) of my free time alone, on the internet, drunk, and I don't even enjoy that anymore.

People say it will get better. This is what I told myself one night when I was ready to kill myself when I was 18. I told myself that. It's been 7 years since that night and my life is just as shitty as it was then, if not, actually, worse.

I don't want to live anymore. I'm not afraid of death. I'm more afraid of a future beyond my control, of this torment. Not everyone will have a happy life or succeed, and I understand that, and want it to end.

edit: I like saying most alot tonight. I'm getting drunk after having spent a night sober for once, and it was a hellish night of mental agony and being unable to sleep. life is too much to bear.