It has to be doneThe future holds famine, dehydration, war, pollution, and pestilence. I was thinking of suicide regularly before I was cognizant of the fragility of our society; the finiteness of our abundance. 

I was raised to expect a grandiose reality. That I’d be a hero, muscle bound, kind and brave, with a jaw like a horse. I’d live in a world with clean air, filled with green flora and abundant fauna. That I’d find love, love a life worth living. 

That’s not reality. Reality is that I’m a low testosterone having, sleep apnea plagued 21 year old wanna-be athlete with bad joints, little work experience and no desire to do anything in this world that society views as worth paying for. I’m living in a world in which we have killed 60% of all fauna in 50 years, in which denial of basic fact is now a valid political view, in which the sky is brown regularly, in which the majority of the world population has slipped back into slavery, just as it was in the days of feudalism, empires, and pharaohs. Reality is that the things I care about are no longer within my reach, and that my accidental existence has only one value to this society, which is to provide value to the holders of capital.

One has limited power in this world. One is limited financially based on their education, willingness to work all hours, and of course, by how much the boss chooses. One is limited geographically; if you’re born in a country it’s unlikely you’ll be allowed to choose to move to a different one of your choosing.
One is limited genetically; whatever two mediocre imbeciles choose to create a human, those are the deciders of your personality, your world view, your appearance, your health, your bigot in the cruelty of natural selection. 
Most importantly, as opposed to all past generations, we now have black rectangles to strip us of our delusions; the only thing to protect our psyche from the sheer insanity of human existence. Moral frameworks, comforting promises of afterlives or reincarnation or eternal peace, outgroups to hate, gods to honor, valor to win. There is nothing now but the realisation that nearly every human life has been a slave, or a dead warrior on a battlefield, or a pillaged civilian. The history of humans is illustrated by a ruler in finery, sipping a spirit distilled from the sweat and tears of 99.9% of their fellow men.  

There is only one true power afforded to us: the power to decide when we call it. WE can decide if life is too much to continue living. Sometimes death is a mercy, because torture by the hand of an enemy or by the hand of fate awaits a living victim. The point of life is to combat until you win or break, and keep getting up, but there is a non-zero chance in every life of being needlessly subjected to unimaginable pain with no hope of reprieve. I’ve seen footage of people being burned alive or skinned alive. If read memoirs of terminally ill patients, or those “locked in”. There is a state of existence worse than death, and if there is one great comfort, it is the ability to take that possibility out of play through suicide. And that is the armor of the proletariat; to decide when survival is not a good option.