I'll most likely be dead very soon. If not now, next week.It's the easiest way. Take a pill, and never wake up again. I'll finally feel the sense of tranquility again.

I can't remember that feeling at all.

I can't remember the last time I genuinely felt peace. My mind is torturing me. It's skinning me alive, all while laughing in my face. The voices will finally be gone; the demons, gone.

&amp;#x200B;

Today's date, the 30th of December. It's near Christmas, New Years, and other close family celebrations. I love my family so much. I know they love me. They don't deserve to feel the pain of losing their son.. their brother.. the kindest of souls.. but I can't carry on living this nightmare for someone else's happiness.

I'm 17. The pain is unimaginable. It's so scary. We're all quick to judge, so before you think to yourself "What a whiny fucking teenager," please remember that you can never know what's happened on the other end.

The heartache. The constant hammering of my already shattered, bleeding, screaming heart. Whenever I think it can't get worse, it always somehow gets worse. 

*How can I do this to my brother? How can I just leave him? It's not fair to him.*

But I can't anymore. It hurts. It hurts too much. I've tried my best, but I've reached my limits. I've let down everyone around me and destroyed my image.

I don't think I can turn back anymore. I've taken several Ritalin pills. My heart rate keeps jumping between 100 - 150 beats per minute. I'm hallucinating, seeing glimmers of light zoom past my eyes.

I was in the hospital last week. Same thing, I took several Ritalin pills causing me to have a seizure and dislocating my shoulder. Now I'm sitting here in my bed writing this with my arm and mental in pain.

I hope this isn't just another seizure leading me to being stuck in the hospital with my family crying and doctors giving me meds and writing reports sending it to the municipality and social services. My family has done nothing wrong, It's all me. What's happened to me over these last six months.. I don't recognize myself.

&amp;#x200B;

*I'm sorry. I love you mom. I love you dad. I love you bro.*