How do I deal with life when it has gotten this out of controlBeforehand, I don't mean to turn this into a sob story, a rant, or anything of the sort. Sorry if it is a long post.

So far, I've recently moved back to my hometown after 4 years. Although, I never had many friends here to begin with and with moving for 4 years, I sure as hell don't have any now.

I recently lost a relationship that was for about a year that I had been deeply invested into (I had lost my virginity to her). She had cheated on me previously, which in hindsight I should have stopped there, and now she had cheated on me with someone who she said that she was never going to be in to. That relationship, however had helped me deal with some forms of stress from my previous post, which ironically was about an ex before that which I had lost that deeply hurt me as well. 

I've been dealing with depression for a long time now and before I would brush it off as nothing, trying not to face the reality that I have severe depression and/or anxiety, possibly even schizophrenia (I have doctor's appointments upcoming to diagnose whatever I have). I don't wish to get to into detail about it on just a post since I don't want it to be long.

I have had a hard time adjusting to public school again, considering I was on a sort of homeschool for 6 months prior to joining a public school again. I also did poorly in that so I am behind a bit on credits.

Honestly, I just want to get over all of this and have everything end. I know sounds incredibly selfish to try to get through all these hardships by just dying, but at this point I'm tired of all these problems happening and I know there are many more to come. I'm only 16 and a junior (11th grade) in high school, so I know there is way more to life than I've experienced now, but I feel so indifferent in looking to the future, hoping for a better tomorrow, when there is so much pain happening now. Any help or anything would be appreciated, is there even another sub I can post this on to maybe get more advice or help? I recently am going into therapy to get help and have tried talking to people, but overall I end up feeling this same exact way month after month. I just want everything to be over with.