my parents yelled at me for self harming, i’ve been feeling empty since or really anxious. i want to kill my self, i don’t want to do this shit anymore.i’m feeling so suicidal. it was around 4-5 days ago, i took half a bar of xan. i was hella loopy and shit and got really depressed. the night before i made a pretty bad cut and i wanted to go deeper. i stumbled for my box cutter and cut, i reached fat. i was bleeding a lot but i wasn’t panicking. i put gauze and wrapped it up rly tight. i called my friend for around 11 minutes and all i remember was saying “i’m gonna die” over and over again. i vividly remember his disappointed yet calm voice saying, “you’re not going to die” idk how but i hung up. i don’t remember much after but i know i took the other half and blacked out with no other memory of what happened. i have videos of me on snap talking to myself saying shit like “i don’t have any real friends”. when i woke up my head was killing me and my cut was still bleeding w yellow shit coming out of it too. i was really worried of infection. the night before my dad saw my cut and just put triple anti biotic and medical tape on it. so that’s what i did for 3 days. i told some online friends and they were really worried, especially my boyfriend. they all were telling me to go to my parents and get stitches but i didn’t have enough strength to the first day. the 3 days passed and i was getting worried, yellow shit was still coming out of it and i got paranoid it was infected. so i told my older sister, who’s 17. she was really worried when she saw it and she made jokes about it that kind of made me feel better but hurt sometimes. she decided the best thing was to get my parents. i was panicking and didn’t want to do i got her to get them downstairs. they asked if i did it to myself. i said yes. they began yelling at me, fueled with anger. my dad was squeezing my arm and touching my cuts that hurt like hell. my mom was the most angry. i held back tears but their yelling is what made me cry. she was cursing at me, making me feel like shit for waking them up. it’s all a blur really but i remember saying “i just feel like a burden”, my mom laughed and said i was being dramatic and kept saying omg. that’s how i felt though, like a weight being dragged around, constantly needing help that i don’t ask for. my mom made me sleep in her room, my dad on the couch like always. i begged to just sleep on the couch or in my sisters room but she just said no, which i understand. i couldn’t sleep that night, her room, even in our old house, makes me uneasy, i’m wide awake. my insomnia didn’t help either. my dad took my phone, i was grounded from seeing my friends, my room, etc. i just wanted a hug, support from them. but what did i expect. my parents have always been abusive, idk why i didn’t guess they’d make me feel even shittier. to make matters worse both my psychiatrist and therapist just moved, so no more of that. my pills have been needing refills for weeks, but it never happened. they never took my depression seriously. i’ve been diagnosed with depression, anxiety, ocd, add, an insomnia. i withdrawal from my meds and drugs like weed and xan. the next morning i woke up early, like 7 early. i spent the day watching the office, i just wanted to laugh. my mom of course got angry but didn’t do much about it. i changed my bandaids on my own, my parents didn’t bother with it too much, even though it was at an extreme risk of infection. i asked friends and strangers if it looked infected and read how to keep it clean. there was still puss coming out which wasn’t normal, i asked my mom but she blew it off. i didn’t know what to do but keep cleaning it. i slept in my sisters room that night. the next day my day had bought spray on liquid bandage that i’ve never heard of. (i found out later it should be used for minor cuts) he sprayed it inside of the cut, i have a high pain tolerance but i almost cried. he kept pinching my cuts, i told him i could do it but he kept denying it. i put on more medical tape and it hurt all day. i regret telling them, so much. my friend recommended calling suicide hotline to get cps involved, but i couldn’t do that to my younger sister. so i never did. ive been feeling pretty empty, even right now. my cuts have healed pretty well, but my mind has blocked out a lot of the memory of what happened. my friend, the one i called the night of, told me yesterday “you know you said something the night u made that cut that really stuck with me you said you weren’t even scared or anxious you just did it cause it felt so good is that true” i was shocked at that. i didn’t know what to say, i knew it was true but i didn’t want it to be. i told my boyfriend and he was really scared. he told me “imagine how scary it is for me trying to have a life w you and not knowing if i can cos idk if youll be alive” i felt awful. the first deep cut i did i told him, he was focused on how he felt and how much i hurt him. it sucked but we’ve gotten through it. don’t get me wrong, he’s absolutely amazing and everything i could ask for, i know how hard it is to handle something like this. i’m paranoid a lot he’s going to find someone better, or he’s lying that he loves me, he’s always reassuring me though. i feel bad for having so many problems he has to deal with. i’ve been feeling the urge to cut and do xan more and more, i haven’t though, i’m trying to get through it. i feel hopeless and constantly tired all the time. i wish to be dead at times, wishing i could disappear. the times i’ve tried killing myself and fail i feel like i can’t do anything right. i cant wait to move out of my house. i want this all to be over. i’m so scared constantly. i feel like no one cares and no ones going to read this. if you did, thank you for sticking to the end, it means a lot.