Give me a reason.Never thought i would post here but i don't see any hope for me anyway.I'm 24 and I failed at everything in life. 5 years ago i decided it would be great to change my life, start working out, get more into sports and have a job with a purpose like joining the military or law enforcement. Since then working in uniform has been my dream. I got into a uniersity for sociology(i should have picked up something diffrent but i was an idiot) and started swimming, running, hitting the gym and joined a martial arts club to get some fighting skills. I had 5 years to transform my life in any meaningful way. I failed at everything. Literally. My degree is bullsht, haven't learned anything useful in 5 years, and with the economy as it is i won't get a job anyway. I'm about to fail it at the very end because i got depressed and did not attend  classes for months. My workout was wasted time, because i did not care about proper nutrition and i barely changed my phisique over a couple of years period. Major FAIL. I did not learn how to swim. I had to quit martial arts because i lost my job and could not afford classes. Forgot half already. Failed 5 driving license tests, out of the whole educational offer i took a useless mickey mouse degree that i hated. 5 years after my "great plan" started i failed at literally everything. I could have majored in something diffrent, i could have joined the army after high school, damn i could have done a lot, had i known how this would end. Now I'm 24 living with my parents, about to fail a bullshit major and screw up university, a lousy son, a lousy boyfriend, a lousy martial artist, thart completely failed everything. For the last 6 months i suffered from a deep depression, barely left home. My family thinks i'm a looser, i am completely worthless. I'm not making any plans because of how badly i failed the last time. All my dreams have been delusions. The problem is i could have achieved them had i known how to do everything properly. But i failed at everything.  Give me one reason not to kill myself. 