Stomach bleeding, literally and figuratively.I am a 21 year old female trapped in a 16 year old mindset. I have no ambition, no drive, no clue of personal existence. Last friday night (July 24th, 2015) I went out to a friends bar to grab a quick special and then come home and smoke pot and go to sleep and start my weekend with a yoga class. The week before friday night, I had been contemplating suicide 25/8 the entire past three weeks. This past weekend was going to be different. The weekend was going to shine through and I was going to work into putting my mind and body back into it's rightful place. I was so sure that my physical self had a right to be here. But then my friends manager happened. He kept offering me drinks and I trusted him because my friend worked for him. I know, stupid. But I did. Because not everyone is Satan, right? 

I was sexually assaulted. I don't remember anything, but I woke up the next Saturday (in my home) at 3:00 pm to my mother screaming about how (sarcastically) "NICE" it was that I was passed out in my bed and she had been trying to call me all morning to retrieve my grandmothers purse that she had left over. I stumbled out of bed, my mother kissed me, and chastised the smell of alcohol on my breath and then left. I couldn't remember a thing. My mind was elsewhere. I thought "how?" "what happened?" and it wasn't until I walked outside my duplex and realized my car wasn't there. Which is not like me. Ever. I never just leave my car. But it wasn't there. And then I pieced the night back together and kind of realized what happened.

I'm hurt. My heart hurts. I wish I lived in Pawnee with the cast of Parks and rec. I can't find happiness for myself and when I try, something bad happens.

I came home tonight after calling my ex boyfriend and finally really spilling what happened to me. I got yelled at and misunderstood at because he needed to be at work the next morning.

I just took 6 BC powders (pussy drama........band name btw, free to anyone who wants it) which I read causes stomach bleeding. If my stomach starts hurting, I'm taking 6 more. 

I don't know. I just have other things to do than deal with my physical body. 