Suicide is an act of free will against slaveryImagine if our parents could take responsibility for bringing a life into this shit. Seriously. You choose to bring a life into this world knowing full well what it is. A dark, unforgiving place, a machine that is OBSESSED with mass production, so much to a point that it's literally consuming it's own fucking environment in the name of some imagined growth. We're all just the wage slaves giving away our energy to these people, and each year our 'freedoms' and equity slowly get taken away from us more and more, as the ruling classes seek to saturate any amount of growth that is possible in a global economy with shrinking growth that can no longer conquer any more land or resources. There is no such fucking thing as sustainability here. It was never about making the world a better place. It's about enjoying the ride, and those who are in control, will do everything in their power and their institutional means to ensure that their world of enjoyment continues. That's literally it. I read a chapter from a book recently, about these cows that had escaped a slaughter house. One of the cows had run into a nearby city and was hiding in an alley when it got cornered by police. It kept trying to run but it was cut off. Ultimately they couldn't get it to calm down, and so they just open fired on it. A giant firing squad. That cow fucking KNEW it was going to die. And it was just so terrified and scared, and all they can do as 'law enforcement' is kill it. Because they aren't protecting any laws. They are enforcing the rule of those who drive production. That's all this fucking place is. We are the cattle. And you can't have all of your workers suddenly becoming aware of this shit, because then of course they'll want to kill themselves, and their fucking masters. So we get labeled with a mental illness or told we need serious medications and treatment, etc. which are basically a fancy language for 'fuck this worker is figuring out how this place actually works and we don't know how to stop them from knowing that'. They go as far as they can to reprogram your brain so that you don't think like this. Cool. Real awesome world we have here. I studied theoretical physics, and you know what amazes me? Knowing the innate complexities of the world, and realizing that what our species has become, is some other thing that is separate from nature entirely. It's like an entity, a grave mind. The pandemic is just a mild side effect of a bigger thing that's been going on for centuries. But hey, we ended slavery and had the holocaust and civil rights movement, 'member??? So stop worrying we've gotten past all that, now get back to work, risking infection and a miserable death, all in the name of that production babyyyyy. 

&amp;#x200B;

Fuck this place. It's better to die humanely by our own hand, than to live and suffer more. How could anyone knowing all of this argue to the contrary? Seriously, I'm all ears. I'm honestly begging someone to convince me otherwise, because I am turning in my papers for a permit to purchase today, and am ready to finally go through with this and get it over with.