I Feel Like I'm Running Out of OptionsI have a friend that I've had romantic feelings for since I met her. We were both in the theatre department at the same college. Shortly after I finally got the nerve to ask her out and she actually said yes, she got back together with an old boyfriend, and that was the end of that. 
I learned last June that he's mentally/emotionally abusive to her. I've been trying to support her as much as I can, especially recently since it seems to me like things have escalated, and we've been spending a lot more time together than usual. 
It's also made my own feelings for her harder to cope with. I want to tell her because I feel like a bad friend, like I'm trying to manipulate her somehow even though that's not my intention, but I know telling her now would only make her resent me. I know it's illogical, but I also feel responsible in a way. Like if I had just been better about actually making plans when I asked her out, maybe we'd be together right now instead, or at least maybe she wouldn't be in this situation. I also told her in the summer that a room had opened up at the house I'm living at, because I thought if I could just help her get away from him, out of that apartment, that'd be a start and she could finish it herself. And I'll admit I thought maybe if we were living in that kind of proximity I might have a better chance when she was ready. And even if not, I could at least be there for her more easily. But then my landlord just gave it back to the guy that was there before. To this day I feel horrible about that, like I just pulled the rug out from under her when she already had it hard enough. 
So this week has been really bad. I had her over for dinner on Monday, and after she left I felt overwhelmed by my need to tell her how I feel. Tuesday, a mutual friend I contacted about it highlighted what a selfish piece of trash I am for even daring to think of it (not in so many words, but that's how it felt). So I spent most of Tuesday evening laying in bed clutching a knife. But I could hardly even manage to point it at myself for a few seconds at a time. And then the rest of this week I've just been on the edge. I feel like any second I could slip back into that frame of mind. And she's the one person I want to go to for support, and she's the one person I can't go to because a) she has enough to deal with and b) what would I tell her when she asked me why?
I just feel like no matter what I do, every second she's with him, I'm failing her. I know I'm being selfish, and that feels like just one more reason to remove myself from the picture. Objectively, it's the best option. She gets rid of a bad friend, and I don't have to feel anything anymore. Because even when she leaves him, and I take my shot, and she inevitably rejects me, I don't know that I can survive that anyway. I know I've survived plenty of rejection, and that it always feels that way, but that doesn't make it easier. 
I just love her and want her to be happy, but I'm also only human and there's only so much of my own madness I can take. Lately it just feels like my death would be best for both of us.