I don't know what to do anymoreI'm 17, graduating highschool this spring and play on my school's varsity lacrosse team but I'm getting to the point where I just don't want to go on anymore. 

It all started with my ex girlfriend. She made me feel worthless and still does. I feel like I wasnt good enough to keep her and it didn't end there. I'm a guy but she's bi and is now dating a girl she's never met irl. She gave this new girl my number and I get phone calls from her every few days telling me to kill myself because I'm useless, pathetic, worthless, not good enough, etc. I block her phone numbers but she keeps buying prepaid ones to keep doing it. It's gotten to the point where I'm afraid to pick up a call from any number that I don't know because I'm not sure if it will be a college admissions office or her on another new phone. 

I've been cutting myself for a while and I'm at the point where my left forearm is covered in cuts. 

I would normally think that the whole not good enough thing is just because she's my ex and whatnot but since I dated her I've been rejected over and over again for pretty much everything. It's got me thinking that I'm not good enough for anyone or anything. I'm getting to the point where I just want everything to be over so I can go into nothingness. 

There was someone who I was really into recently. She has a boyfriend but we go to a boarding school so when we graduate she doesn't think she will ever see him again and they're going to break up. She lives across the street from me back home and is constantly telling me about how abusive her boyfriend is and how she wants to spend the summer with me and how far we might go. But when I asked her to just break up with him and start our time together early she just rejected me and left me feeling worse about myself because she would rather be with her abusive boyfriend than me. 

My teammates are starting to notice my scars and that just makes it worse. I'm tired of everything and I really really just want it to end. 

Sorry for the wall of text I just wanted to get this off my chest.