If only I was an average human being.I feel worthless. Every time I wake up, I have to ask myself if I should drag myself through another dreary day. Only a month left till high school ends once and for all, but I missed out most of my final years as a high school student dwelling in this mindset that I am not equal to anyone around me. I face a classmate at school, and the first thought that pops into my head is, "he is more talented, more skilled, better looking, more charming, more sociable, more _perfect_ than I am." I automatically distance myself from every gathering, every class trip, every school event, unless I am obligated to attend. I find excuses to stay home and go on the Internet, simply because I feel more confident and sure of myself when I'm behind a keyboard. In fact, I am rather loud on the Internet. I can only talk on the Internet. My life is attached to a computer. If only I could get a computer to replace me in real life as well. That'd be dandy.

I guess I need to improve my self-image, but I don't know where to start. My teeth look like tombstones dipped in yellow dye, and I'm really overweight (1m70, 80kg), which affect my self-confidence a fair bit. I seldom engage in conversations, mostly because I don't know what to talk about besides schoolwork (but of course nobody cares about schoolwork, not even me). Again, something to do with the fact that my life is attached to digital devices, and I can hardly function socially without the aid of my keyboard. When I was in kindergarten, I was forbidden from playing with kids around my neighborhood (my grandparents called them "thieves" and wouldn't let them get near me). I still have this image ingrained into my head of me standing behind steel bars watching friends playing soccer outside, desperately wanting to get out and play with them. Fast forward 18 years later, I still don't know how to play soccer, or any kind of sport for that matter. Heck, I can hardly jog for more than 1 kilometer, and that is at a snail's pace; a 50 year old man literally sprinted past me with ease. I would love to learn to play soccer, or tennis, or badminton, or basketball, or anything, really, but at this age, unless I'm already athletically competent, no one's going to bother to play with me and help me catch up.

Maybe it also has something to do with me falling in love with a guy in my class, whose looks and talents vastly surpass mine. I know there's no such thing as perfection, but perfection exists in my mind, and he is the closest physical projection of my definition of perfection. He is everything I have ever wanted to be. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that my feelings will never be reciprocated, unless one day he wakes up and declares himself to be gay, or I wake up with a sex change. In the end, though, he's just another bullet point to add to the list of things that make me feel worthless and unequal. I want to be with him, but not nearly as much as I want to be him.

I guess by this time SW is used to seeing walls of text. Was relieved to get this off my chest. I am not contemplating suicide at the moment, but I have in the past, and am dangerously close to those dark thoughts again. In any case, I had my suicide plan in my mind; while I'm not going to execute it today, who knows what will happen tomorrow.

But thanks for reading. Means a lot.