i have to stay, i dont have a choicei mean clearly thats an act of bad faith to proclaim but. i have to stay because i'm an only child &amp; if i go who will take care of my mother when she is old? 
i want to buy her a house.
i do not think i will ever be able to buy her a house.
i can't run away from everything like iwant to i cant be a mess i need to get my act together cuz shes gonna need me and mostly done right by me
she thinks she wants to spend time with me but im such a bitch, my temper is terrible, i yell &amp; scream &amp; say nasty things. 
she deserves to not deal with that. but just spendjng time with her it doesnt fix me. nothig fixes me. always that fucking awful shit like little fingers in all the cracks sediment settling in the brain fuck 
i want to be a fucking mess i wanna try a drug that will knock me the fuck out for a while &amp; feel beautiful i wanna give myself over to it i wanna give myself over to someone i wanna die and be so so so calm
i guess im just gonna be fighting these thoughts forever 

i am doing nothing with my life. i know i could feel better maybe if i did soemthing but its so hard &amp; i am so so so so so so so tired. all the time tired. i left school cuz my brain was driving me crazy i felt so weird there. &amp; im home &amp; was working working working as a cashier for months but quit, havent worked for two months or more, cuz of a friend im all tied up in hurt me or soemthing. attachment issues, you know the deal, maybe. sometimes in my head he is not a good person and is moving all the strings has it all planned out that scares me. i am very scared of being manipulated.

i think i have been manipulated before. i wonder if i owe it to my father to take care of him when hes old i think i am breaking his heart everyday i wonder if i am supposed to put all my discomfort aside i wonder if its bad that i want it to count i wonder if i am just looking for an excuse i wonder if he was in love with me i wonder if he is in love with me i wonder if im a pervert for seeing such things i wish i had a clear memory of a r*pe even as i know i am so lucky not to have one i wonder why he couldn't just be a little more normal i wonder if its bad enough i wonder if he calls my number or texts though i have him blocked i miss him i hate him i replace him best i can &amp; it makes me stupid i am so so so so so sorry for him i am so sorry

i am very scared of fascism &amp; climate change. my body is so weak i need to figure out how to exercize before i am dust its like im rotting inside but i am so so tired

i am guilty of having the things i have &amp; i cant be good. i want to be good. i want to burn it all down. 

i have ideas i have things i wanna do i wanna help people i think if i kill myself i hurt more than i help i think it is my responsibility to make the world a little better but i am so so tired i am scared  i am guilty i am filthy i am gone