For some reason I treated my ex as a piece of garbage...Extremely sweet woman falls in love with me. She asks for a relationship after one night. I agree. She starts planning business trips to my country. I remember when she visited the third time, I tell her I'm not in the mood to meet the first evening so she has to book a hotel for the first night. Then we meet and have a great time together. She was 8 years older.

Eventually she books a plane ticket like 7 months in advance for Christmas. I dump her three weeks before that. I forgot her birthday, she gets angry and hangs up the phone, I call her again and tell 'maybe we should break up', she starts crying. We lash out at each other and don't meet so she has to travel to my country alone. I ask her if she wants her box with stuff she left at my place or I should throw it away. She says 'is that how much I mean to you? :(' and then invites me to visit her in her hotel room. We have a romantic last night together.

Then she asks me 6 months later to come to her country to forgive me. But I tell her 'hm, it's very expensive' and don't bother to call her again to confirm I won't go. After that she's done with me.

Around our break-up I quit smoking weed (15 cigarettes and 5 spliffs per day) and eating garbage and started living healthy. So one year later after my grandma dies I get a mental breakdown because I realize I have a gigantic risk of getting cancer and dying. I become suicidal

Then I start texting my ex about missing her and regretting breaking up. She gets angry 'worst dumper ever. Grow up. Get a grip' and I make a new account and suddenly dump suicidal texts on her???????????????? She gets very angry.

Then I get in panic and try to save it by making new accounts. She keeps engaging and blocking. In the end she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards' and I'm like 'but I did change' (because I work out 6 times per week, gained 20kg in healthy weight, quit smoking, eat extremely healthy, much more disclipined and motivated, understand that life is fragile etc)... Then she EXPLODES. She writes the worst message ever and tells me she'll never reply again. Soooo many insults and I felt completely fucked up by it. Only now, 9 months later did I get over it. 

That message makes me sooooooo angry. So I write insulting messages back. After that I do some soulsearching and realize it's all my selfish, self-centered and irrational personality that caused this. So I keep spamming her with explanations. Day after day. Week after week. Month after month. Write messages, delete them again, write them again on her Instagram. Also like 10 messages on Linkedin... An extremely personal e-mail to her workmail...

What the fuck 😓😓😓😓😓 I can't believe that I treated such a sweet woman with so much disrespect. I can't blame her for hating me. And when I finally noticed that I ruined the relationship, it was too late and I didn't accept her refusal to talk only to make her hate me even more... And then I stalked her for MONTHS. WTF?????

I feel like this situation has turned me into an evil, irredeemable person... There were some reasons for me treating her with disrespect because she was 8 years older so it was extremely annoying for me to suddenly have a much older woman bother me with all her unrealistic demands of wanting to live together, start a family and so on after only been together in person for like 4 weeks... Back then I was like: I'm not ready for this shit. Why didn't you just leave me alone because of course this wasn't going to work out... But that was my own fault because if I had lived as maturely as I did the past two years, she would have been the perfect girlfriend for me 😓

Fuck this shit. So many regrets. Why do I always have to be a dick... Irredeemable person.