I love you more than the pain you cause me.I dont know who to talk to. I dont know how to get help without sounding desprate. I'm at a breaking point. I am consistantly thinking about how to end it, and I'm having nightmares every single night. I havent felt like this since I was in highschool. And its coming back and im so scared, I feel like I have no way out, so the best thing to do is tell my story. 
When I started University, I moved out of my mothers home to protect myself, as she was verbally and emotionally abusive. I tried to maintain a relationship with her, but it has not worked because I cannot get over our past issues. Right before, and then directly after I moved, two of my friends died. I moved in with a sibbling, hoping that we would be able to get closer. This is not what happened.
My life is hell. I am so distracted by my sibbling and not sure of what to do. I am failing my classes because I cannot focus. She is exactly what I was escaping, my mother. She tries to control my finances, and bad mouthes me anychance I get. Its at the point now where shes destroying my self esteem and making family hate me. 
My eldest sibling is trying to help. Trying to keep me grounded. but I keep getting so wound up in this. Since  I've moved in shes made me and what I do feel worthless. My schooing is insignificant, my work is insignificant, and my relationship with my boyfriend doesnt exist, because she says I simply want to say im with someone, and that I need attention from men because I have daddy issues. When I moved in I found out that she was cheating on her boyfriend. It was something they agreed on. There was a camera in the basement, and videos, and her boyfriend would shove them in my face and make me watch them. When I told him I didnt want to, he said that he could never talk to me again about anything. I talked to the man she was having sex with, and ended up destroying their relationship, because all I heard from her boyfriend at this point was how hurt he was and how she didnt love him. He wanted her to end it but thought she wouldnt. So I, even though he hurt and disturbed me, was concerned for him. My sister got very mad at me, wanting me upstairs so she could have time alone, then saying I was neglecting the family. I didnt pay enough money to live there. I did nothing for the family. And when I did do something, there was no comment. SHe wanted to relationship with me. I tried to talk to her and she would ignore me or act uninterested. She cheated again on her boyfriend with his best friend. He also showed me the video for that. I did not want to see it. Then he told me again that she was about to cheat. This jaded my view of her, so much. I do not want to think badly about her, but after hearing all about this it as warped my mind. I went to go see my boyfriend for christmas, as he lives a ways away, and she again said that this isnt a real relationship, he will cheat on me, Its dangerous, the stupidest mistake ive ever made. It was lovely, and I felt so welcomed and happy being with him and his family. I do not regret it for a second. 
So time went on, there were more lectures about what she wanted, more housework, rent went up. I was fine with this. It was the personal jabs that hurt. I was just like my mom, again judging my relationship and school. When He came down during the summer, she gave me a lecture right in front of him, humiliating me. Talking about how I treated him horribly because I got upset with him at one point and how HE hated it and didnt deserve to be treated like that. Why, Why would she interfere with my relationship? In any way shape or form. She was offended that I broke her rules. Her rules were no going upstairs with my boyfriend. He came upstairs to wake me up in the morning, and i asked him to lay down and give me a hug. We got caught, and in a large amount of trouble. But of course I was going to break the rules. Im a teenager. We were not having sex, we just wanted to be together for 5 mins. And the response I got was that I was disrespecting the family, I cared nothing for them, and her boyfriend told me not to talk to him, or else he would get so angry he would hit me. I became scared and uncomfortable in my own home. Or what was called my own home.
My sisters boyfriend offered me a massage, and I accepted. It was a back massage, and he text me afterwards, multiple times, asking to give me another massage, this time with no clothes. A full body massage. I said no. He said it would be professional and persisted on why he should give me one, but the thing is I said no first. It should have been just taken as a no, but it was not.
I have been telling my therapest all about this. And some things I shouldnt say. I talked about their daughter, and how they treat her. If you want my honest opinion, it isnt fantastic. It isnt horrible, the child should not be taken away, but it again isnt the best. My sister is emotionally distanced from the child. She constantly loses her temper despite the fact that she is only with the child 2 hours per night unless she has the day off. And when she does, the child does something, gets in trouble and has to go upstairs. The father is rough. No he doesnt beat her but some things done are questionable. 
Because I said this to my therapest, it was taken in the worst way, and childrens aid was called. My sister immediatly blamed me. This is the worst part. This is my peak. She sat there for three hours asking why I called, why she had a rat living in her house, a little bitch. In the morning, when her child woke up crying, or when she wouldnt listen to what her mom said, I heard her say "yeah just keep going and childrens aid will take you away." Now its used as a threat? I did not call. The information I disclosed was not meant to do this to the family, but it did. I cannot change it, I can only speak to those that want to speak to me and confirm that it is not true. No reflection on the treatment of the child is taking place, rather reflection on me. The boyfriend will not speak to me. His side of the family hates me. My sister doesnt know what to do. Her options are kicking me out, me moving, or me living there in hell. If I leave though, or get kicked out, it will look bad to childrens aid, as they know it came from my therapest. I am the scapegoat. Yelled at for three hours straight when the chance arises. Again told that Im a horrible person for doing this to her, depite me not knowing it would happen, and despite any feeling. I broke down, and cried last night saying I was sorry and that I didnt mean for it to be like this. She doesnt truly deserve this, that is right. And now what I wanted between us will never be there. Any remains of a relationship is taken away. And now I have nothing. But I find it impossible to cry for her everytime she expects it. It drains to much. I can only defend myself so much, before I begin to accept what shes saying. Accept my fate. My nightmares are of her wanting me dead, and my entire family hating me. Without my family I am nothing. Without my family I am the person who broke this. 
