Keep wanting to off myself and the only reasons for living suckThe title is the TL,DR.

I might have family, but I effectively don't have family. Same with friends. Not that I'm some outcast either, I just fail as a human being to reach out much and consistently.

I have a partner, I'd feel bad dying off and leaving them picking up the pieces. All the same I manage to constantly fuck things up.

Financially I'm a dead weight and a sinking ship, or so it feels often. Considering my life before, maybe it's luck I'm not dead already (not some dangerous lifestyle, more of just... depression, one particular year of hell where I tried twice to off myself, etc).

I'm too materialistic to simply go easily with all my things still around. I know it wouldn't matter to my partner, but heck, at least my switch is at their place. Shame my laptop and other things probably might be gone for good when I off myself unless I get them into their room without them knowing the intent- shame about my stuffed toys too. And due to past experiences, I couldn't possibly let my family and especially my grandma know if I kill myself- thankfully, if I had just died in any other way chances are no one would notice, because disappearing off the face of the map and even social media is exactly what I always do thanks to depression or anxiety and reclusive habits.

I don't want to inconvenience people by offing myself the easy way, by the subway station nearby. The result if it fails is also not acceptable by any means. I'm too much of a coward to give myself the relief of drawing blood, and beating myself up never makes me feel better nor resolves this mood. The one time I actually hurt myself bad it wasn't even any good, miserable actually- thought I'd fractured a bone. But I'm just really fucking done.

One thing I'm glad for is I don't know how to swim. So that seems like an easy option, head to some part of the city I likely won't be seen in and won't be able to climb my way up and jump and just go for it. If I give up on my principles I'd probably kill myself by subway. I'm just really frustrated and constantly things, or rather my view on life maybe... just sinks. Even when life should be somewhat good I can't be internally and I can't last like that, it's just a matter of time before the urge compels me strongly enough that I'm gone for.