I will never be loved, I wish I had the guts to end itI never get a break from it. I was born into an abusive family that hated me, and now that I'm an adult, I've found probably the only girl that would ever deal with me. She's the girl of my dreams, but just like everyone else, she doesn't care, she doesn't love me, at least not in the way that would stop this immense pain.

I see videos of proposals and prom questions and it just makes me want to kill myself.

After 7 years, she said no to me but tried to go to prom with her stupid cunt lesbian friend behind my back.

She didn't say "no" to my proposal, but she unromantically snatched the ring when presented and said something along the lines of "sure whatever"...come to find out later the reason why is she didn't really want it. Maybe at another time, but not then. That moment seems forever ruined because I don't remember whether I said it or not, but I think she knows if she handed the ring back I probably would've ended it that day. So, she still has the ring, I guess we're not engaged technically... Can't ever really pop the question again because she still has it and the one special time I made for her is utterly ruined without a time machine.

Told her the other night I was lonely. She said she never really gets lonely. 

In general, she's not a huge fan of affection.

Recently she told me she's not 100% whether she loves me as a significant other or a family member.

The list goes on.

Day in and day out, I see lovebirds everywhere. I live with them, I see them out and about, I see them scrolling Reddit. Happy proposal videos where they're just crying with joy. Nobody would ever have that joy for me. Nobody wants me. Nobody has ever wanted me, not my family, not anyone else, sometimes I question if God himself hates me too.

Every time I see a proposal video, that area in my chest that used to light up with butterflies becomes ever so slightly more empty and numb.

For the longest time, the only way I'd feel those butterflies is with animals and stuffed animals...but that slowly withered away too. I'm dead inside, and I just wish I was dead outside.

I've been going off the deep end recently. This world may be trash but nothing can go wrong in my head...every day I get stuck in there even more. I started talking to my stuffed animal, never leaving bed, imagining dates, imagining a wedding, imagining a happy life with someone who finally loves me. But it's not enough. This life isn't worth it. All my happiness, all my love, it's always been synthetic, and I don't see that changing, statistically, ever.

This is no way to live. This isn't life. This is the single most prolonged death possible. No outright damage, just mental anguish which leads to unhealthy habits and slow damage, slow pain, slow torture, slow death from the inside out. My lungs are pitch black hard to breathe from all the cigars, I can't go a day without spanking it and smoking weed, when I can I do harder things, sometimes maybe in an attempt to die. Every part of my body is sluggish and broken but I can't afford a doctor.

I'm losing my mind, this post is just the tip of the iceberg. It's like my life is hand crafted at all the important details to cut my heart open then dump lemon juice in it.

I don't want to be in this world anymore. I wish I had the guts to wrap that wire around my neck and not take it off when I start passing out this time.

What awaits me in the afterlife...more torture...for eternity.

That's not fair. I wish I didn't exist, I wish my irresponsible parents used a condom or got an abortion. anxiety, depression, probably autism. My life and my life alone makes me advocate for eugenics and assisted suicide. People like me shouldn't exist, life's like mine shouldn't exist. I feel pain because of a whole planet full of irresponsible and selfish people.

There's some dumbfuck rich kid out there getting his 3rd Ferarri that he's just going to crash, meanwhile my family can't even find a decent family home on 4 combined incomes.

This whole world is bullshit. Someone please kill me. Please end my misery.