Trapped between life and death.I feel so trapped. About 9 months ago my (24M) girlfriend of almost 3 years left me. It was at that moment that I realized how screwed I am. She made me so happy, gave me so much confidence and motivaton, but now it's all gone. We were close to finally living together, but we were going through a few tough months. I thought it would not break the relationship as it wasn't that bad, but she left anyway. I plunged into a severe depression and discovered I have multiple mental illnesses, including Persistent Depressive Disorder and symptoms of anxiety, bipolar disorder, OCD, and a personality disorder. Most of these problems are due to my traumatic childhood. I really crave for a partner who truly loves me and supports me, and I had found that in my girlfriend. Now that she is gone I have no one to give me that or to give it back to. I have caring family and friends, but it's not the same as having a devoted partner.

I have done nothing in the past 9 months except for making things worse. I attempted suicide twice and I bothered my ex with it. Whereas first she wanted to remain friends, she now has me blocked on everything. She says she still cares and hopes I get better, but how can I believe that when she has me blocked. I'm not a part of her life anymore, she never wants me back, and she'll be leaving the country soon. I am in therapy and I'm on anti-depressants, but it's just not enough. I have no motivation and no hope for life. I'm exhausted of living. Everytime I go to bed I just wish I would not wake up, but then every day I do. What's worse is that I know I could be happy with her or someone else who would truly love me, but it's almost impossible to achieve that in the state I am in now. I can't pull myself out of this. No one can or will help me. It all comes down to me and that makes it even worse. I'm all alone again. I can hardly focus on my studies; I don't have a job and I'm too anxious and unmotivated to get one; I don't enjoy my previous hobbies anymore; I don't play sports anymore. Pretty much anything is too much for me. So now I waste every day by hiding in my room and just browsing the internet, secretly hoping for some miracle.

If I'm not obsessively thinking about my ex then I'm thinking about suicide. Though at this point I don't know how to do it. I also don't really want to die. I want to live a happy life but it seems impossible. I need someone else to be truly happy. The more time I waste the worse my life will get and knowing that pushes me more and more to suicide. I know my friends and family are getting frustrated with me. My family doesn't know how to help me and my friends kinda laugh it all off now. I don't even want to talk to them anymore because it won't change anything and won't help me. My last hope is sending my ex another letter. I have already sent her 3 letters before, but the last one was sent 3 months ago. She will probably just ignore this one as well and then she'll leave the country. If that happens I am pretty much screwed. I am trapped between life and death.