I’m giving up. Unfinished but here’s where I’m atI can’t do anything right.
I’m just a sad sack of shit. 
Anytime I let my walls down and care for someone, they leave. It’s happened countless times and I’ve just come to realize that I’m completely worthless.
Nobody will ever care, I’m a burden to my family, and I really don’t seem to have any friends. I won’t be missed and I’ve accepted that. I don’t know how I’m going to go about it, all I know is that for the last ten years I’ve been hoping for death. I need to take the initiative and get what I want. Because nobody cares, not really, not past the surface level that I show. Deep down, I’m nothing. Deep down, I don’t deserve to be happy. Obviously, since any time I think I’m happy, everything starts crashing down around me. I hope someone notices me missing, if only so my pets will have someone to care for them. 
I make others feel like a burden, when, at the end of the day, it’s me. I’m the burden in everyone’s lives, even if they don’t really realize it. 
I just want this guilt to end. I feel so heavy, I feel so helpless. I don’t know how much longer I can hold on and keep fighting. Is there even a point anymore? I don’t think there is.
I have absolutely nothing to live for at this point. I can’t do anything, I don’t know if I want to do anything. I just want it all to end. I just. I can’t. The supposed fight isn’t worth it. I’ve already checked out. I just need to figure out how to fix this. How to end it all. I’m scared, yeah. But in the end, it’s better off for everyone I’ve ever come into contact with if I just were to stop existing. 
If this hurts anyone, I’m sorry. It’ll pass quickly, because you’ll realize that all I’ve said is true. I am a burden. I am useless. I am hopeless. I am helpless. I am worthless. This is what’s best for everyone. It’s not my intention to hurt anyone, but I guess I have a history of doing just that without even trying, so I guess in death I’ll be no different. 
I have nothing left to lose. 
I had happiness, or at least a glimpse of it. But as always, I somehow managed to sabotage it. I thought I had found someone who would love me and understand me. But of course I drove them away. I didn’t mean to, I never meant to push you away. I loved you with all of my heart and all of my being. I never ever wanted to hurt you, and even in trying my best not to, I always did. And for that, for hurting someone so amazing, I deserve this. I deserve to be miserable. 
But I don’t think I’m strong enough to live with being this miserable. I love you, and in death, I know I will always love you. You’ll always be ‘the one,’ as cliche as that is. I knew I would spend the rest of my life with you, and I suppose I did. Or I at least came close. I’m sorry for making you feel like you weren’t enough, you were never the problem. It’s always been inside of me, somehow projecting itself onto you.