One last shot before i make the final decisionM26, throwaway for obvious reasons

&amp;#x200B;

After spending several months deperately trying to find a plan or another way out of this mess, i haven't come up with a single viable solution - so i will try to post this somewhere for someone to read, maybe even care.   


**Story:**  
Suicide and depression have always been in my blood, my father hanged himself when i was just 2 and my big brother jumped in front of a train when i was 12.   


It's important for me to say, that i have had a good life - my youth was not a place of depression or despair at all. I had friends, girls and i did really well in high school, despite almost no attempt. I had a quirk, however, that still destroys me to this day - i have this tendency to push people away in a very dramatic way when they get to close. That naturally do mean, that i speak to noone from my high-school days or even before - the majority have explicit hate towards me.   


Anyway, the story of how i am where i am today:

  
During studying for my [B.Sc](https://B.sc). i got a relevant part-time job on the side - and i absolutely hated every minute of it. I made the choice to finish my degree and basicly take extra-cources regarding topics that cought my interest and i could ses myself pursueing a career in. Since my [B.Sc](https://B.Sc). is in economics and business administration, i had the opportunity to influence it to a certain degree.   


Fast forward to when i completed my [B.Sc](https://B.Sc). I was incredibly lucky to get  enrolled into exactly the master's degree i had intented - on top of that, i met the girl of my dreams. Everything was lining up perfectly and the plan was made. Study like a madman, spend time with the girl and apply for relevant part-time jobs or internships - rince and repeat every day.   


And i did. However, my grades were going down the drain and despite several interviews, i did not get any job. 9 months into my Masters, my self-esteem is non-existent and its taking a toll on my relationsship. Since my GF would never even think of leaving me at the time, she was always a bubbly person and her life was progressing quickly for the better - she put things on hold to help me get up again. This were something i could not live with, i have no intention of holding anyone back or make their life a compromise - so i decided to leave her. I still remember the last thing i said to her at the time "This is the biggest mistake i have ever made in my life".   


Fast forward 3 months, things are going even worse, i completely realize that soon have a close to worthless degree and cant get a job, and i am ashamed to even see my friends who's lifes are lining up perfectly. However, one day, a hear a silent knock on my front door. Its my now Ex-girlfriend with tears in her eyes, she tells me she loves me and i am the only one she ever wants to be with - i tell her i love her (first time i ever told anyone). We get back together.  


The next 4 months are horrible, i start seing a psychotherapist without my girl knowing. I am diagnosed with depression, anxiety and sleep deprivation. I get medication for all of it. For some reason, every second is pure agony to me and i eventually plan my own suicide - January 2019.  


By November 2018. I decide to leave my now ex-girl to lessen the blow of me passing away.   
Going all november and december planning my suicide while doing my exams. I somehow decide the give life another chance. It's hard to explain, but people around you can sense when you doing horrible, i got random message from friends telling me i was a good guy and other encouriging words out of the blue - despite no one knowing of my condition.   


New years eve i get a long text from my ex-girlfriend, that she loved me, she will never forget me, that we might me some where down the line in a better place.   


One week after, i decide to go to her place, just the way she did for me, in hopes of a sweet reunion. However, things go really dark. She is home with another guy. She's angry at me, she's says she hates me. She tells me that she called the cops. Right after she deletes and blocks me from any form of contact and social media. One month later, she's engaged to this succesful rich and handsome guy - seemingly as happy as she wll ever be. She loved me until she found something better.   


The months after are tough, i plan another date for my suicide. 1. July 2019. I continue to write my masters thesis and try  to meet new people.   


I just delivered my master thesis, its horrible - final nail in the coffin for my GPA. I managed to get no part-time jobs or internships despite 75 applications during my studies.  I have applied for close to 150 full-time jobs the last 6 months. No interviews. The girl of my dreams are getting married to a guy, who is everything i tried to be, but could not. By October, i will be out on the streets with nothing but debt. My friends are doing well and i am ashamed to see them.   


I once heard someone say that suicide is only a viable option, when there is no hope for a better future. I believe there isn't. Even if i get a job to scrape by. I will have to live a miserable lonely live because of the decisions i made. I dont believe i can.  


I still want to emphasize that i have had a good life. However, i do not believe there are any more happy moments for me. Spoiled - i know. 

  
Sorry for not so well-written english and the wall of text. I expect nothing, but it certaintly does not hurt to write it out.