Unsure of what to do with myself ...I suddenly feel like things are spiraling out of control. Well, I suppose not suddenly, but I think I ignored the feeling for a long time and am just now trying to face it.

**NOTE:** This is a lot of rambling, which I apologize for, but isn't that what this subreddit is for?

I suppose, to begin with, my primary problem is finances. I have literally a 20 dollar bill to my name. I'm going to lose my apartment if I can't come up with $500 dollars in two weeks. It's not that I'm bad with money, I manage it very well in my opinion. The issue is that I am unable to find employment. I live in a fairly remote area. There are around 5-6 locations within 5 miles, none of which are hiring. I'm sure they must be annoyed with me anyhow because I visit them each once a week to see if any positions have opened up. (I should add that I do not have a car, not that I'd be able to afford insurance or gas if I had one. Nor does my town have public transport.)

For the past 2 years I've relied on freelancing work to pay my bills. However, I've sadly hit a lull. I haven't gotten work in four months. I am flat broke. The stress this is causing has driven me to living in an almost catatonic state. I spend a few hours every day advertising my services places and contacting potential clients. I browse reddit for maybe an hour, trying to find something that de-focuses me. It humbles me to read these harrowing tales of the struggles going on in other countries. These people are brave &amp; strong -- not like me. For the rest of the day, I sit and stare into space, or lay in bed and try to sleep the day away.

I've bartered everything I could, got rid of frivolities months ago, and only kept an old computer (to do freelance work on) and cheap internet. The only food I have in my kitchen in Ramen noodles &amp; bananas, but I don't remember to eat that often anymore anyhow.

I don't know what to do. It's like I've crawled inside this shell and I don't know how to bring myself out. I have no idea what I'm going to do in two weeks. I have no friends or family. I'm worried I'll end up in a shelter or living under a bridge, which I would eventually throw myself off of ...

It's like I have nothing (or more importantly no one) to live for. I have these fantasies that I'll hitchhike to some obscure cliff overlooking a beautiful valley, and end my life there. I've never seen anything as breath-taking as those meadows in forest clearings that are depicted in movies. What better a place to end things?

But that's getting off track. I don't even know why I'm posting this here. I guess I just need to vent ... I'm worried about these fantasies, but in a way they're a good thing. I truly want to end things that way ... but it's not like I have the funds or means to travel to a place like that currently. It's like a toll booth ... and if I can get my life together before I have the fare for the booth then I can decide not to make the trip.


*(I suppose I can shamelessly add a plug here. If anyone is in need of logo design, basic web design, or any sort of graphic design I'd be glad to see if my skills fit your project.)*