God I'm so fucking done. idfk what I'm supposed to do anymore. just genuinely given up.No, i'm not going to kill myself right now but fuck i fucking want to. Tried to convince myself that no, maybe my grades dont actually matter more than me. Maybe things will be okay now. I was depressed as fuck today. I was depressed as fuck yesterday. Yesterday was my fucking 16th birthday but i couldn't even enjoy that. today was even worse. spent most of the day crying because i hate school and wanted to die. tried to force myself to sleep, but I couldn't. So guess what? I got up, played some games on my computer, went to go eat, and I got cheered up enough to stop crying. I actually fucking made myself not depressed for once. Finally was able to go to sleep and slept most of the day until my mom came in and reminded me I was supposed to be doing homework. Right. That exist. The thing that makes me wanna kill myself. I almost forgot. But, whatever. We already know school makes me wanna kill myself. What I'm fucking pissed about is how when I brought out my computer to do my homework, I got reminded I'm still on punishment. "Um, you're still on punishment? Why is your computer in your room?" Right. Punishment. I almost forgot. I forgot on a Sunday with nothing else to do I'm supposed to twiddle my thumbs because my grades are bad. Rather than having something to distract myself with from, I dunno, not killing myself, you'd rather me suffer. Almost forgot. Sorry for distracting myself from nearly killing myself today. I won't do that next time. 


And what's funny is that you would think it's just video games I'm not allowed to use? No. It's just fucking anything that could get remotely a smile out of you. No books. I got a piano for my birthday yesterday, something I've wanted for ages. But none of that either. Like I'm getting teased, or taunted. Dangling right in front of my face but every time I reach it you yank it back. "Not until my grades are better." Is that supposed to be some sort of incentive? Encourage me to try harder? It makes me want to try less. It makes want to try less. Because I am trying. I'm trying my fucking hardest. I can't focus and when I can focus I just don't care. Because my plans in elementary school were to become a surgeon. My plans in middle school were to make it too high school to drop out. Then corona happened. And my plans for after high school is making it to 18 so I can buy a gun and kill myself. Why should I care about grades when they won't benefit me? What are grades going to do when I'm dead?


And my parents? They just don't fucking care. Rather than addressing the issue that's making my grades so bad, they'd rather ignore that part and punish me, while in turn making the aforementioned issue even worse. I told my aunt how school was overwhelming. And she said what's gotta be the most insulting thing I've heard in my life. I want to kill myself, and I was told "well you have to do school, it's not easy. But at the end you get a prize for it. A diploma" wtf. I don't want a diploma, and it's not a fucking motivator. I wanna fucking kill myself. Quit pretending that I'm not depressed. Quit pretending that I'm normal because I'm fucking not, and you know what? I'm sorry that I'm not. If I wasn't such a failure I would've done something about that a long time ago, hint fucking hint.


I'm tired of getting punished for trying my best. I'm tired of grades being first over me. I'm tired of getting asked about my grades before I get asked about how the fuck I'm feeling today. What my parents are essentially telling me is "yes, we acknowledge you're struggling, but just get over it. We have to focus on grades, not your health!" Yeah but imagine how ridiculous it'd be if you made an amputee without a prosthetic run 5 miles. "yes, we acknowledge you're struggling, but just get over it. We have to focus on the olympics, not your legs!"


Oh, and another thing. While I'm struggling apparently I'm getting the highest fucking invasion of privacy either. Thanks, grandma. Because I totally wanted you to tell our extended family that my grades were so bad I had to get punished for them. Are we going to acknowledge that I wanna kill myself too or is that part just going to be conveniently left out so to the people who don't see me on a daily basis I'm still the perfect little girl in their eyes so they can't possibly imagine what's wrong with me. Must be smart kid syndrome. Must be that damn phone. Right?


I tried to help myself. I tried to make myself feel better. Instead I got in trouble. I got told by someone in regards to my depression "Nobody can help you unless you help yourself" yeah well try helping yourself when you're at your ignorant parents' every whim and let me know how that goes. What's that? Get up every morning and go for a jog? It helped your depression? Good for you! Are you also a 16 year old who isn't allowed to leave the house because their parents are paranoid that you'll get kidnapped? Learning music cured your depression? Nice. Was your piano ever taken away from you because a certain someone in your life felt a letter on a piece of paper was more important than your happiness too? Video games are a great distraction? I agree! But video games also cause violent, and they make kids dumb, and they're the reason why your child's grades are so bad. Not depression. I mean, they stayed glued to that screen all day. What else could possibly be the cause? Get therapy? Thanks. I need competent parents for that. Get on medication? Thanks. I need competent parents for that. 

So tell me, what the fuck am I supposed to do? Nobody wants to help me, and I can't fucking help myself for as long as my parents remain ignorant as fuck. I went out of my way to try to cheer myself up today, and I got punished for my computer being in my room. Now I feel even more depressed and worthless than before. Because it truly does feel like nothing I do will ever matter in regards to getting better. My efforts to support my own self are meaningless. 

God I'm so fucking done. idfk what I'm supposed to do anymore. just genuinely given up. Each and every day I get more and more excited to turn 18. Just make it to 18 and it'll all be over. 