My (29F) suicidal ideation is off the charts and I'm worried it's getting seriousI've always struggled with depression and anxiety for as long as I can remember, but the accompanying suicidal thoughts have pretty much been background noise. There's been some times when it they go up and down and there was one almost attempt, but overall that hasn't been the meat and potatoes of my mental disorders. My struggles have been elsewhere. 

But lately I space out for long periods of time fantasizing about finally ending it. My job is not very busy so I can sit here and spend a good three or four hours a day thinking about how great it would be to be done with everything.

I have recently broken up a tumultuous relationship with an on-again-off-again boyfriend, and I'm trying to stick to it, but financially we are all wrapped up in each other and he is freaking out that without me he can't make it. I myself am struggling to figure out how I'm going to get up enough money for my own place and to fix my car (which I just found out needs almost immediate and expensive repairs) before our lease is up in two months. He also found out today his wages are being garnished by the state because he didn't claim taxes last year (partially because I was out of work for about three months so he's blaming it on me.) I feel like I'm betraying him on the most basic level trying to leave. Taking away any sense of security he might have. It breaks my heart because I love him and always will, but I think we are terrible for each other.

Another guy who I've seen during the ins and outs of my previously mentioned tumultuous relationship is asking me to move in with him instead of finding my own place. He's worried he's falling so far behind on his child support payments he's going to end up in jail so he wants me to move in to split the costs, but he lives an hour away from me and I'd have to commute that both ways five days a week with my already messed up car. On top of that I don't really like his apartment and he is in relationships with multiple other women and so I'll barely ever see him even if I do move in, like he says not even once a week.

My friend wants me to move in with him, and that's the option I want, and I had a plan. But now with the car repairs and my ex losing $200 a paycheck to garnishment (we had planned to still share finances until the end of August) I just have no idea how I'll get the money together. 

So what do I do? Stay with my ex, who has a history of being a manipulative rageaholic who after five years promises he can change? Move in with the guy dating half a dozen other women who I will never see and commute two hours every day? Charge headlong into the future and end up homeless? Or kill myself? I'm desperately looking for a second job but I'm having such difficulty finding a job with hours available when I'm not at my primary, which I definitely cannot leave because it's the best pay I've ever had, it's just not enough at this point. And for the second job idea to have any positive impact at all I'd need to start like...immediately.

I will get no support from my family, and my friends who want to help aren't in a position to. I have never felt so utterly defeated by the world before. I am completely smashed to pieces. I wake up in the morning and I barely have the strength to move. I feel like I'm walking through molasses. 