fiancé struggling, don't know how to helpI'm not sure where to go to for help, and I'm not sure she wants it, but I was hoping someone may have some ideas on what steps I should be taking.

I have been with my fiancé for a little over a year now, and we got engaged in July.  I truly have never been happier in my life.  While we have been dating, she has opened up to me about how she has struggled with suicide in the past, attempted to kill herself before, and that even though she attempted to, she always failed.  She is on medication now that seemed to me working, but it sounds like I might be wrong.

For a few days a month, she seems to be distant, depressed, and irritable.  At first I honestly thought this might have just been related to hormones, and thought that birth control might have been a factor.  The past few times it has been worse, and today she opened up to me that not a single day goes by where she doesn't think about killing herself.  She says that if she knew of a way that she could guarantee that it would work, she would have already done it.

What really has made it worse is that she is starting to think about how we just bought a house together, and that soon we will be trying for kids.  She knows that I count on her, and she doesn't want to put her kids through any trauma like she went through (her dad committed suicide when she was 5).  She thinks that I should reconsider the wedding because I'm just not understand that its only a matter of time before she can't take it anymore.

She has said the things that I expect someone feeling like she does to say.  She said she thinks that the only way to stop the pain would be to kill herself, and that the relief of it all being over would be incredibly refreshing.  I know she has tried different forms of medication in the past, and she says that whenever she tried a medication that didn't work, it always lead to a suicide attempt.  This medicine works the best, even if she does feel this way daily.

I asked her when the last time she has talked to someone professionally about this, and she said it wouldn't help, and that she doesn't want to because if the medical professional thinks that she is in danger they will do something about it, and she doesn't want them to.

The short of it is, while I'm being supportive, and I am reassuring her that I love her, will support her, and am in no way shape or form disappointed in her, she doesn't want help, doesn't think anyone can help, and doesn't want to do anything because it "won't work".  What can I do?