I’m not alive for myself, and I don’t want to keep holding onSorry for the grammar in here, I use voice dictation software and it’s not perfect. 

I’ve wanted to die for about 10 years now. I’m 39, and have a chronic pain (fibromyalgia). I am always tired. I’ve tried everything to feel less lethargic, but at my very best, doing everything that I should, I feel rundown and on edge. 

I have a job, but I feel anxious about it every day. I’ve been on meds for years. I’m trying new meds now, but it’s not the first time. I just want to die.  

I do all the things therapists say I should do. I journal and I meditate several times a week, I give myself 8+ hours of sleep every night. I see a therapist, I have a psychiatrist, I force myself to make plans with friends. I’m even lucky enough for those people to be genuinely good people. It’s not like I’m hanging around with a bunch of jerks. But they don’t know how to help me, so I try not to bring it up too much. So I feel super lonely too. 

I have a sweetheart who I love dearly. She is about the closest to life being good that there is. But it’s such a huge struggle just to make it through the day to the point where we have time together. I wake up in the morning and the day starts again, I think about a long workday ahead of me, and I wonder again: Why do I keep sticking around for this life of mostly pain? The moments of relief are like pressing pause on the pain. It’s not like a huge “up” that counterbalances the downs. Its more like sleeping. With her, I’m at peace, and Recharging, but even the best times in life are only just enough to help me make it through the next work shift. It’s unhealthy because it’s become such that the relationship is this one escape that I have that is a true escape. 

I only work four days a week, I negotiated a 30% pay reduction to take off Friday. But it’s the same feeling of pain and wanting to die when I’m at home alone. I do things that should be fun, but I just feel empty inside. Dealing with pain is, well, painful. Dealing with my failure to make a positive impact in the world is painful as well. Dealing with the insecurity about what would happen if I lose my job, or if my pain gets too great to be able to work, and the insecurity that comes from what feels like a slow but steady decline in my quality-of-life, all of it just hurts to exist in. 

My answer has always been that it would hurt the people I love for me to go, and that it’s not fair for me to have so much privilege as a white man with the ability to earn a decent income and not use it to try to fix some of the shit that we all, especially white men, have fucked up through time. But despite my intentions, I get lazy and end up being exactly what I hate. I look back at slavery and I’m horrified. I look at Nazi Germany and I’m horrified. And yet I eat inhumane meat from animals raised in what amounts to slavery. Maybe focusing more on taking the time for, and making the budget for, humane meat would help my state of mind.

I feel that my net impact in the world is neutral at best. The passion projects I’ve started to try to make a difference have flopped. I’ve joined project started by others and had a similar experience, nothing that actually made a difference or survived. I volunteer with an organization that I believe in but my volunteer time really has no impact on their success. I’m like a ghost: I’m here, but I can’t seem to move any of the objects around me or impact the world. I just sort of flow through it, desperately grasping at things that remain exactly as bad as they were before I came.

In the end I’m staying around to try to make this difference but the only measurable thing that’s happening is that I’m in pain and suffering. I can’t point to anything that makes it worthwhile. 

I’m trying to share this unfiltered in hopes that someone reads this, sees something broken in my thinking, and points out some ways to rethink this. Or that someone just shares some empathy. It’s hard not to be able to share this info with anyone regularly. I try to soften it for those who are close to me so that I’m not consuming them emotionally too.

I don’t know how many more years of this I can do.