Just waiting to die (passively suicidal)I'm a 31-year married woman who does boring clerical/administrative work. Ever since puberty, I've dealt with depression, social anxiety and codependency. I've had suicidal thoughts since I was 15, never acted upon them in any meaningful way. Except for that one time as a young teen, I tried to get to the top of a building to jump off of it, but was foiled by a locked door (ridiculous).

These last few years have been rough, I have less and less energy and a terrible time paying attention. My work has and does suffer from it, which makes me feel even more like shit. Even with suicidal thoughts, I used to enjoy things or have a passion for dance, literature, history, etc. I'm starting to find it difficult to even get excited about those things now.

I have no real friends apart from one lovely lady, May, I bonded with in college, but she lives far away. This is due to a combination of me having terrible social skills as well as being afraid of basically everyone.


Right now, the only meaningful relationships I have are with May, my parents, my brother and my husband. My husband is a genuinely good guy. Honestly, I love this man and I never want to get divorced, but I think it's just a matter of time until our marriage crumbles apart due a a number of reasons 1) my life sentence of mental illness that 2) he just does not seem to give a fuck about 3) his narrow interests (gaming and more gaming) combined with 4) my inability to take pleasure in anything anymore. I've tried to get him interested in doing things together, but for now the only thing we do together is gaming and watching TV. 

Worse, our sex life is frankly, disappointing. For good or for ill, my heart's tied to my libido, so I feel unloved by the scarcity of it. The last few times we've had sex, it's been like making love to someone who'd rather be doing something else. Really passive and disinterested. No change in my appearance since we started dating, so either he's sick of me or it's a difference in drives.

I've tried therapy, but the last round didn't go so well. The psychiatrist kept trying to focus on finding me a meaningful career but honestly, my self esteem is so shit I automatically think I would fail at whatever I set out to do. I'm going to try again but it's been frustrating.

I'm so tired. I kept wishing that I'll just be erased from existence and memory. I think about drinking a bottle of Draino, but I know my loved ones would be tormented by guilt. I don't want to hurt them.