I'm just done...I've never had a quality of life it seems. I have had a rough childhood and no kind of support system. I have been in the foster care system and have been abused in various ways. 


I am 23 and I left my homestate for nyc. In my life I've failed at... Everything. I joined the navy only to fail all the bootcamp tests and end up asking to leave bootcamp bc of mental issues. I have dropped out of college twice and only have debt to show for it. I've recently been forced to quit taking private art classes (which were really working but I can't afford them) I have no work experience above three months and I cannot find a job. No one wants to hire me. I thought i had something with someone's housekeeping experience, but long story short, I never got paid bc he set me up to fail on an assignment and didn't even have the nerve to tell me he no longer needed me. (but he told a close friend everything)I can't catch a break and unexpected so many times but I feel god has abandoned me and won't help me. I want to go back to school but as it stands, I have no money to afford any kind of registration fee. And I'll be going back to a shelter pretty soon. I get stamps but nyc has this dumb rule you must have your birth certificate for assistance or it's at risk of being cut off. Which is unhelpful bc I cannot afford the fee to get it and I really don't need my stamps cut. Not in my situation.


At the moment I have begun writing an extended suicide note. I've been journaling since 13. I'm filling an entire, 100 page (200 since I'm filling it up on both sides). I'm addressing it mainly to a younger sister I haven't seen in ages. 


Right now I'm mainly focusing on filling that journal up and reading my Bible. I don't have any kind of a hint of quality of life so I've kinda given up. I don't want to try to keep applying for work only to get turned down. I'm not going to go live with relatives and stay stuck at home bc I can't find work. 


I believe and trust god, but even now it's gotten so bad that I could care less about what plans he has for me in mind, in the FUTURE, but if he isn't making anything clear in the PRESENT, then what good is it to continue living and suffering with nothing when I don't know how long he's going to put me to the test. 


I've often felt like 23 was going to be it for me. Felt like that for the past 2 years. But I've often sensed that I would never get old and would die relatively young. Even though a psychic said I would live to 80 something, I really highly doubt it if I can hardly get by now. 