confusing.Hi. How are y'all doing? How's quarantine life? I just wanna share smth. It's been crushing my heart into pieces. Thought maybe I could vent here. I've met someone before who turned out to be my cup of tea in terms of friendship. He was my go-to no matter what happened. He wasn't always active but he sure was good at calming me down, making me feel wanted, loved, appreciated and thought of. Recently, he left. From twitter to lp(avatar social game). We only communicated using twitter, lp and imvu. Imvu's a no go already because both of us don't play it anymore. Ofc it crushed me. I've been surviving because of him. He gave me hope in this horrible life. He was able to make me go back to the things I used to do(calligraphy, drawing, clay). He just did a lot for me. Before he left, he said he wants me to go back to school either this yr or next sy. This yr I couldn't because covid, mom wouldn't let me, also we don't have the capability for online classes yet, so next yr, probably. He said he wants me to aim high, get high GPAs, just succeed you know. I'm pressured by it. I don't want to do it for me, I want to do it for him. As for family, my mom's fine as an inspiration but it's him I rlly cling on to as he's the one who understood me, listened to me, etc. My mom's fine but she just doesn't get the mental health part, I'm sure some would understand what I meant by this. So fast forward, I tried opening up/venting out to a mutual acquaint of us, just you know, cry out things. She understood. About suicidal ideation, she told me to hang on tight in life but if I can't anymore(I scheduled it and kinda told her) she wouldn't blame me. I was and still am thankful, that she won't force me to live in this horrible world. But at the same time, there's a part of me that feels like maybe I should do it earlier than planned, because no one will bother anyway, now that he's gone. Because now, even if mom is here, I still feel unwanted, unloved, irrelevant. Mom may feel sad but I know it's going to be better without me. My plan is I'll be doing the deed next year. I gave myself 1 year to find a reason to live. If I do find at the very least 1 reason to stay, I will. But as for now, everything is just so, gray, painful, tiring. I want to end my pain. I'm not relevant like others, have good and happy family, have a lot of squads and friends, is remembered all the time, etc. I'm not sure what I need or want from this. Is it to be free while having no one to pressure me to stay, or is it to have someone tell me, you're not fine but we can do smth. or maybe just have someone remember me, even after a long time of not talking and just say hey, I remember you, are you okay? Because tbh, it's tiring to be always the one remembering, it's tiring to be unheard no matter how much you reach out to someone, post/share stuff where atleast someone can see it, etc. I'm confused.

Thank you for reading, if you ever reached this point. I hope y'all have a great day :)