Do you ever think about your net effect on the world and go "man, if I killed myself now, it might even out to something positive"I've been thinking lately about the cumulative usefulness of me as a person - like, the aggregate of all the shit I have (or mostly haven't) done up until now, and whether or not it had any meaningful, positive impact on the people around me. I don't know about you guys, but the more I dig down into it, the more I realize some people (like me) are just an inherent drain on others, on society, on resources, even on themselves. I don't produce anything or help anyone, I just sort of suck up resources better allocated to someone deserving produced by better people than me.

I finished my master's degree last year and I just got to one year of unemployment. I've been living with my parents, who have grown to hate me probably as much as I hate myself - today my mom told me how unfair it is I just sit around all day spending their money, and she's totally right. It isn't fair to them. They pay for medicine (I'm on suboxone for opiate addiction I developed in grad school) and therapy, plus my car and shit, and its an absurd parasitical relationship I know isn't sustainable. That isn't even taking into account the broader parasitic relationship I have with the rest of society - I provide no value, contribute nothing to anyone, but I'm subidised by my betters. Part of me would like very much to physically validate the crippled way I already feel internally by shooting myself in the kneecap, or trying to damage my brain just enough that this shit wouldn't bother me any more, but that would merely be the logical extrapolation of my own current uselessness.

What I'm getting at here is that, like, I've sort of reached a point where there is an obvious calculus. I've tried to do the things I was supposed to do to be able to earn a basic living, meet friends, find a wife, a house, etc. Now I'm 28 and those things haven't worked - probably my fault, but I've got enough worthless statistics and historical knowledge to know the system is merciless in a general sense as well - and my only options are to continue imposing myself on my parents, accede to the mind-bendingly depressing reality that my best possible option after six years of school is earning $8/hr for the rest of my life (thus maintaining my current standard of living, only with the miserable addition of retail, which I did for years and honestly feels like a fate worse than death), or finally killing myself like I've always wanted.

And it strikes me, finally working up the chutzpah to throw myself in front of a bus, eat a bushel of pills, blow my brains out, whatever would have as positive an impact on the world as any individual action I'm capable of could. It would dramatically improve the lives of my family, financially and emotionally - I can only imagine the relief it would provide them, dissipating all this tension and uncertainty surrounding their failson. But more importantly, it would remove me from the cyclical web of anhedonic consumption and labor that characterizes life in the United States today. I wouldn't be sucking down food, oxygen, and resources while selling my labor to some gold encrusted ghoul. My tiny contribution to the perpetuation of injustice and bullshit all over the world by being a fat, complacent, shithead American would be eliminated, which is a moral victory, even if it is quantitatively meaningless. 

I've posted here before about how arrogant and bourgeois it is for someone like me to be terminally obsessed with suicide while also possessed by a profound fear of death, especially when people all over the world - and on this subreddit - really suffer, suffer a lot more than being some first-world troglodyte upset his useless education couldn't get him a job like daddy had at his age. I kind of can't stop thinking about that, actually, just how awful life is for most people and getting worse, with no real possibility for relief, and the role I personally play in perpetuating the misery of others as a consumer in the first world. The millions of people all over the world mucking in the dirt or mining rare earths with their bare hands or being tortured to death in some Turkmen dungeon would read this and spit at the gall of my complaining, and they'd be right to do that. But I still feel this gaping, fucking overwhelming misery and desire to finally get it over with, if there aren't any more palatable options.

This rant went on too longer, and I wanted to address it to other people here. Do you feel like you've made any contribution to the world? Do ya'll follow my logic here?