advice: alcohol + depression, first psychotic episode.Okay, so I thought maybe I can find some answers here. I've had depression for a while now, I turn for help 3 years ago when I failed Art school and I wanted to kill myself, I was 24 at the time. I've had a mild history of self-harming when I was a teenager, and I haven't hurt myself since....until last night. 

I been having a problem with alcohol, I have a favorite cheap 20 dollar vodka bottle I like to buy when I feel like I haven't had a drink in a while, hook up my ps4, and play some online gaming while the room spins and I lose control a little, normally a day of drinking is premeditated when no one is around, and when I have a day off. Recovery is also timed properly, drinking a few gallons of water before hitting the bed to recover the next day. 

Last night, I went into an angry psychotic fit, I have had this happened to me before but nothing of this magnitude. 
I drank to the point where I was wobbly. I was happy at first jumping around then I started to hit my head, and yell real loud. I left a small bruise in my forehead from hitting against the wall, I also grabbed my dog's leach and started choking myself followed by more yelling and screaming, often saying things like "you are nothing". I hit my face and head with whatever I could find, including my hands. 
Although I have had history of self-harming I was carefully cutting myself in the arm, this time I stabbed myself in the arm with an exacto knife, and I bleed, a lot. I got my pants soaked, and dripped into the carpet. 

By then my drunkenness had escalated to heavy breathing so I called a friend of mine to instruct me to clean up the mess with the right products. I spent a few hours frantically retracing my steps to where more blood dripped in my house, and covered up the stain on the carpet. I also bagged all of my clothes into a bag and bandaged my arm. 

When he asked what had happened, I lied and said it was an accident. I think he genuinely wanted to believe it. I was playing games with another friend and he believed me as well. 

When my SO got home I had completely decompressed myself, drank a load of water, wrapped myself up in blankets and fell asleep. He came home, smelled the alcohol in my breath. I denied it, he doesn't know about the arm or the stains on the carpet. 

So right now is the next morning and I’m back to normal at work, like nothing happened. My arm stings from time to time, so does my head. I have to see my therapist on Thursday and to be completely honest I’m debating telling her what I did, she’s the sort of therapist that just goes with whatever I tell her, shit open-ended sessions with not a lot of definite answers at the end of it. She’s never suggested an AA meeting; she never gives me an honest response as to what I should do. My psychiatrist I see only once a month because of insurance issues, I’m running out of meds and he still won’t return my calls. I’m taking Prozac and a thyroid enhancer, neither of them work at this point, and to take matters into my own hands I stopped taking them for a while and realized I feel worse without them, but definitely not any better, my lack of insurance does put a halt to the medications I can try and I’m struck in a vicious cycle with the ones I’m already taking.

I don’t know what I should do, if I should take this seriously, or let the secrecy linger on. Work makes me feel good and I do my job well, no one suspects anything, but I can’t help feeling that every time I don’t have to work I put my life in danger. I’m a little scared to be honest, I feel alone, and I would like someone to give me advice on what I should do, I feel with age I just lose myself a lot more and I get closer to the brink of killing myself, while I get better at hiding it.
