Hi guys, I am having suicidal thoughts :) I have been through a rough year.But like I have read across this subreddit, we can't take our lives, because so many people love us, and I am young. I am only 21, however I have been through hell this year. I would like to tell my story, and perhaps someone might have some input or something to say about it. 

I am a man. I am quite and attractive young man, and this year I went on a date with a man that lived 2 minutes from my house. I met him on tinder, he seemed safe. 

I have many social contacts around the world, that I know well, and that care about me a lot. 

It turns out that the friendly neighbour  had psychopathic tendencies. I believe he is a genuine psychopath. He was gaslighting me and controlling me 24/7 to the point where I lost my mind and he did his best to get my to kill myself.  

I did try to take my life, and I was miraculously saved by my friend  and sent to hospital. 

I was misdiagnosed with psychosis and put on a high dose of one of the strongest drugs in the world, it is called respiridone. Respiridone is like cement to the Brain. It stops you from processing your surroundings. It was unbelievably painful, emotionally and physically. 

Being put in hospital was embarrassing socially, having my entire social network believe that I have been psychotic.

The psychopath comes to hospital and announces himself as my partner to the nurses and doctors, and they encourage me to date him. 

I was too confused on the Brain cement drug to realise that The psychopath was bad, that I agree to be his partner. 

He sexually abused me and took control of me to the extreme. Sleep deprivation and gaslighting. I was emotionally drained from the relationship. He demanded more from me than anyone else could ever do. 

He made me come off the cement medicine immediately. It is supposed to be tapered down over many years. 

Risperidone withdrawals take away all your life memories and all your consentration, so you are left with no understanding of the world and you have extrapyramidal symptoms, such as tardive dyskinesia and akathesia. They are the worst pains one can have in life. Akathesia feels like every single cell in your legs are itching. 
I had so much to deal with, my Brain was physically shaking. I couldn't even understand how to play a simple mobile game. And little did I know, I was being controlled by a psychopath the whole time.
He gave me alcohol and pain medicine, which made the withdrawal pain worse. He is a nurse, he would have known that the meds and alcohol was bad. 
I survived by playing subway surfer. Thank god I figured out that playing a mobile game would be a good idea for my survival. 
After 45 days of intense pain and confusion, the risperidone withdrawals were over, and I completely dissociate and depersonalise to the point where I feel like an organism floating in space. I said to the psychopath on the phone "my Brain has reset, I can see that life is 100% meaningless. I looked at the moon and it just felt sad, and in my duress the psychopath says to me I CANT HELP YOU IF YOU ARE GOING TO USE ME AS A STEPPING STONE.    How terrifying is it to be feeling like an organism floating in space, and be told you can't be helped unless you give your life to someone else that you don't even know or like. So I had to pretend to like him for him to help me. 

My Brain did that dissociation and depersonalisation to me to protect myself from the realisation I had, which was that the person that was "helping Me" was actually not helping me at all. 
I then came back to life miraculously and find out that the psychopath had stolen all our jewellery. 
And he messaged me and said "what are you doing, where are you" and I said, I am just at the doctor, and he says "I thought you would be into pingaz" and I said to him, I have severe ptsd, I have to process everything, and he comes and knocks on my window.  It was Avery distressing experience to have the most evil person on the planet knocking on your window. 

I then spent the next 2 months in a state of confusion and pain and I even screamed in the doctors office. I screamed at my face in terror and pain. 

I then messaged the psychopath telling him how abusive he is, and he replies "Don't try and put guilt on me, your mental illness was slowly degrading, and I was helping you the whole time."  I then immediately was sent to hospital in an intense state of pure 100% grief. I cried down the whole hospital. 

The thing is, I never had a mental illness, he was making me believe that I was mentally ill so that he could control me and use me as a sex slave basically. 

He took control of my Facebook account for the 2 months that I was in a state of confusion, so I don't know who he has messaged. 

I have now lost my entire social life, I am dealing with this distressing experience, my family doesn't want me to die, and my Brain hasn't recovered from respiridone. 

I have survived. 
I have a miraculous story of survival. 

I don't want to die now. That would be complete failure after this distressing experience. 

So I am now in bed, and I am not really functioning very fabulously, I have been given benzodiazepines by the doctor. 
The doctor heard my story. I wonder if the doctor gave me those pills so that I could take my life. 
I have a sneaky suspicion that he did give me those pills so that I could commit suicide, however I also believe that he wants to help me. He says the Brain heals. 

I want to study at university. However the psychopath has changed his university preference to the same university that I was planning to go to. Terrifying. 


I have survived, and my life is no longer dangerous. However I cannot stay in this state for the rest of my life. I am wondering if I should take out life insurance and save the pills and commit suicide next year perhaps? 

Or perhaps I should give my life a go, or I don't know. 
I survived the 45 days of extreme pain and confusion by a not of paper that I wrote, it said "pain is for good" and "the world needs me. I can find meaning in striving" 

I have survived, and I also want to find meaning in striving, and I feel that the world needs me also. 

So that is my story. It is clearly a dramatic story. I haven't really told it like this to anyone before. 

I want to live life really badly, and I am living life. There are so many years left to live, I can live until 90 if I wish. However I am unsure if my Brain will heal, or what I should do.  I also am concerned with the trauma of having close friendship end because they have distanced themselves from me due to this being too much for them to handle. I don't think it's easy for a best friend to hear that a psychopath was gaslighting them and tried to kill them. What do you guys think. 

My body has almost killed itself actually many times dealing with this dramatic experience. At 3 points I have felt my body die, bust strangely I have woken up in the morning alive. 
I have used phenergan for sleep. 
I see myself and my family as intelligent for surviving this. 
I have used many techniques for survival. I recommend "tapping for trauma" videos on YouTube. I also recommend BrainHQ for brain training. The Brain is connected to the body, so exercise changes the way we think. Exercise and swimming  is fantastic. Also I believe in a spiritual world. I believe in family and support. I believe God has done miracles in me. Everyone has weird and wonderful thoughts. If you have a thought you don't like, you can say "thank you thought, I'll think about you later" . I also use subway surfer and the game "air shootout". 

However I am tired now from this experience, and honestly I wish I could just announce to I the world that I would like to have assisted suicide maybe, so that I can just leave and be finished with this drama. However at the same time I don't really want to die. Death is not what I want, I want a life that isn't so terrifying, at the same time my dream in life is to be in hospital on life support and celebrate hearing the beeping end ------