If Bernie Loses I Will Have no Future Worth Living forI thought things were going well. Bernie was on track to get the nomination as early as Super Tuesday and I would have a future worth living. He'd win, get M4A passed and cancel my unfair student loans I was forced to take. Then came Obama, too deceitful and cowardly to outright endorse Biden, talking with Pete and Amy to consolidate the moderate vote while Elizabeth Warrens stayed in and cost Bernie a win in 5 states: Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, and Texas, giving Biden a lead and the MSM the ability to generate more and more undeserved momentum for Soupbrain Biden. Now I seriously have to wonder if I will have a future. We have 10 years to lower emissions to stop the worst case scenario of Climate Change according to the IPCC. 10 years. After which it will be guaranteed there will be mass amounts of migration around the world and a lower amount of vital resources needed for life such as arable land and drinking water that will lead to societal collapse. Bernie is the only one who can get our country on track to even have a chance of stopping it. 

Even if this was not the case and I wouldn't be forced to live through a climate-induced collapse of civilization, my life would be hell. I'd be stuck in student loan debt because I wasn't born into a rich family. In addition, as a transgender person, this debt and lack of health insurance would make it impossible to transition until I am in a better financial situation, which would be too old for me to ever pass (ie not look like a guy in a dress to the average person). I know people will say "what about 2024"?, but that won't happen, because NO ONE is going to have the same appeal as Sanders for a generation at least. The appeal needed to create a broad coalition to win. Even then, 2024 would also be too late and I'd be stuck having to watch the world die due to climate change. There is no future worth living without Bernie Sanders winning the nomination and the Presidency. If Biden wins because Obama and the establishment couldn't let the people not be broke and stuck on a dying planet, I'm going to kill myself. I almost did so on Super Tuesday, so I'm pretty sure I can do so if Trump is set for a second term by the establishment's dirty tricks. Hell, if it's another bad night for Sanders tomorrow, I might try and drown myself again.