i have ruined peoples lives and its time to stop  

Today I was reminded on how much I have ruined peoples lives.

When I was 13 years old I decided to play with other peoples emotions. I catfished. I lied, I played games… and I made older people fall for me not knowing who I really was. I came up with over the top stories, milked an illness… lied about deaths and tragedies. All because I was afraid to be myself.

It wasn’t because I needed money, or felt like I was ugly. I just simply needed an escape from my life and took it way too far. 

I lost my parents at a young age, adding that to the horrible experiences I had dealing with that grief, pushing everyone in my life away, doing drugs, drinking, breaking the law and the shame of being gay… I spiraled. This isn’t an excuse to me, just the only explanation I can find within myself as to WHY I catfished.

I think I felt when I was pretending to be someone I wasn’t that my life was normal and not terrible.   
I came up with lies/tragedies to avoid meeting people, not to get attention. I was getting enough attention just being a charming, “genuine” individual to those I catfished.

They fell for me, and in return… I fell hard for them as well. 

Even though I sit here and I try to tell myself I didn’t intentionally mean to hurt them or emotionally abuse them… I knew deep down there was no other ending to what I was doing. 

I didn’t grieve properly when my parents were taken away from me… and I didn’t have the correct support to help me get through it or be an adult. 

I am not even 18 and I realize that I have literally flushed my life down the toilet all on my own. 

I never took money from anyone, or scammed them in any way financially. In fact, I even gave most of my money away to them to try and make up for some of the hurt I caused. We all know money doesn’t buy happiness or take away emotional pain, but I didn’t have anything else to do. I wanted to help in some way. But I couldn't help. There's no way to fix things.

I am sitting here, after losing another person in my life to death… realizing I have no one and I only have myself to blame.

The last thing I want to do is ruin someone elses life. 

I need to end it, and I need to end it now.

I have said this before, and even though I meant it when I said… I changed my mind. I am scared about what will happen to me after I take my final breathe…

I really don’t want to die… I want to be able to be happy, and smile and see me bring someone elses life up instead of down. I want to see the world, help others… make my parents proud wherever they are… and I wish I was deserving of this.

But after all the pain I have caused I realize the only way for me to pay for what I did is to make it so I can’t experience anything happy. I don’t deserve it. I can't deserve it when I have taken happiness away from others to fulfill whatever fucking fantasy I had or to help me grieve. I was selfish and I need to make it right.

Maybe with my death, it’ll help them move on… knowing I will never be able to hurt them, or anyone else again. Cause they are the ones who deserve happiness. Not me.