Back again...not suicidal right now, but that could change very quickly.[I posted here on Friday night](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/1brx4m/fuck_this/), got some advice but it isn't helping. Yesterday I followed up a bit on /r/depression because my week isn't getting any better and I just wanted someone to talk to, but the people I was talking to just sort of stopped replying. Guess I'll repost it here and see if I can get some help...

"I was up all Friday night with friends trying to convince me not to kill myself, only got a few superficial cuts in because they were physically holding me down for a while. I spent all of Saturday feeling like complete shit and eventually asked someone to bring me to a hospital; got put back on my meds (with the dosage halved because it had been so long that I couldn't remember what it was), released, and went back to my girlfriends house. Today I woke up feeling extremely nauseous and still feeling like complete shit... threw up a few times over the day and have a slight fever, which is normally no big deal, except I haven't eaten anything since Thursday (my appetite is completely gone) and I'm starting to get very dehydrated because I can't hold water down. I went back home and had a large anxiety attack that ended with a long cry in a hot shower.

I feel like I'm an ant stuck at the bottom of a very deep well; I'm never going to make it out, so there's no point in trying to swim.

I don't know what I really expected to get out of posting this, I just had to say it I guess..."

I still haven't eaten anything more than a cookie since Thursday that I've been able to keep down (I have no ambition to eat at all, I was told to try though), I've dropped 12 lbs. since then, as of this morning. I'm trying desperately to work things out with my girlfriend, but I still feel like I'm losing. I don't want to hear that there are other women out there, I really don't care. I didn't want to be in a relationship before she came and if she's going I don't want to be in one afterward. 

Now I'm just sitting here not knowing what to do. I'm trapped here with nothing but my thoughts and my thoughts don't like me very much. I can't imagine living very long if every waking moment is going to be this way...