a rant about lifeeveryone is the same.... every one of them... they are all sheep... they are all too busy bowing down to the school system. being "mature" being what an adult should be according to society. im all alone in this world. nobody will ever understand me. why is being a good person considered good. why do we have to obey our parents. i hate art. i hate everyone. i hate that im so different and psychotic. i hate how i am. i feel that i see things in a way people cant understand. i feel i see things differently in a way that i will never be able to truely express. i hate hard work. this world is fucked up. im fucked up. why do u have to grind, work hard and suffer to get things in this world. i dont want to be a part of that..... i dont want to be a part of this world..... i tried to kill myslef and i ended up in a mental hospital for two weeks. i hated it there. it was so boring there. the world could say im wrong but i know deep down that im right about this life. this life is shit. there might be a better world, a better life somewhere in a better universe. im not an adult. im not a man. im not mature. im scared of failure. im a failure in this universe. i hate how this world works. i have no talent and no skills and i hate learning. my friends love school. they should just die. the life that is destined for them is a life of the cubical life in the boring office for the rest of their life. if i ever improve myself, then i will become like everyone else. i will be ignorantly happy but i will be the same as everyone else. being like this, what i am right now, is a blessing and a curse. the power to see life as the horseshit it is..... i want to die. i want everyone to die. why couldnt i be born in a rich family so that i can control other people so that i can control them instead of other people controlling them. these sheep dont even know they are slaves to the system. why couldnt i be born with super powers so i could conquer this world. its so unfair. i hate art. i cant draw. i hate everyone