I've reached an absolute breaking point. [xpost'd in /r/helpmecope, /r/anxiety]I'll buy a camera and film our interactions. I live in a mobile home with my narcissist, divorced and financially poor mother. As a result my older brother, subjected to massive emotional and physical abuse, is a complete sociopath (My opinion based on what I've seen and all of the information I've read, and by all means open to those who can help assure/refute my opinion on the matter).



We are all pitted against one another with my mom at the center of it all in this shit show. It was only very recently that I realized just how absolutely fucked they are making my life. For example, my bro holds my car hostage and makes me late for work (he has no job, uses all of my gas, is on my policy but hasn't paid me a dime in years). If I clamp the steering wheel or leave the tank on empty, he nit picks my belongings and things go missing, for which he blatantly lies about.



My mom has us both under her spell because she pays all the bills (I'm a student barely getting by with my job).This means her narc goes full-out when I ask her for anything. She threatens to stop buying food, humiliates me, etc. and then has the audacity to take my side and let me know when my bro is sneaking out in the car and starts a war. Funny too, I noticed that she will not stop talking nor leave us alone for a second when all of this is going down. Oh and I would lock my door if it hadn't been beaten down by her years ago in a fit of rage over god knows what. Every time she sees me doing normal household things or our paths cross for that matter (we're crammed in a 2 bedroom trailer) she has to say something to me, however menial and despite my constant pleas for peace and quiet.



There is no respect for boundaries and my brother will literally run outside with headphones on when I try to ask a simple question like "what time will you be home with the car?" Thus causing my anger and helplessness to compound itself and resulting in my own unneeded stress and drinking as a means to cope (pint of liquor a day for 2 weeks, had very little interest in the substance until recently).



I used to talk and talk and talk, and try to reason with them. But my coping tactics are not only ineffective but my family is devouring my core livelihood as a 25 year old guy trying to escape this place. I know once I graduate next year it'll be different but that doesn't change the fact that after years of these interactions I'm at a breaking point and I'll admit to having resorted to grabbing my bro/staring him down eye to eye because he pushes my buttons so hard. I try to remember that he is acting this way by sheer coincidence that he was subjected to the most physical/emotional trauma in his teens while the divorce proceedings were happening, and this deters physical escalation (for the time being). But it's a pickle in that he sabotages me daily to the point that I now carry around a baggy with my keys,wallet, phone, and anything else small enough that is of value to me. I also hide my laptop anytime I leave anywhere. I am so paranoid that I won't leave the baggy unattended even when I'm home.



So now I'm taking drastic measures with the camera idea. I know he hates being filmed because I was fed up last week and started using my cell phone camera...that phone mysteriously broke a few days later. I also know that when I put the camera on my mom she immediately changes her tone and demeanor and derails the argument completely. In closing I'm going to see a therapist free of charge which is a blessing but she is very good friends with my mom and since this woman is the first person my mother calls after I take a stand in our arguments, I'm already painted in an awful light and believe she will be more inclined to be biased, if not harmful/dangerous to my mental well being.



I know my temporary solution won't last long before it's somehow undermined and I'm desperately seeking a solution before I become permanently damaged and/or do something I will later regret.