My family makes me want to dieI want to kill myself because of my family. Were not in a bad situation and we live in nice home . Its the way the treat me. Them and brothers. Because I'm the youngest I'm look down upon and no one notices. Ive constantly threatened to kill myself but I never will because of religion (christianity) that if i do ill go to hell. I go and talk the my parents about it and all they tell me is god god god, but nothing ever changes. i once threatened to kill them and then me, nothing changed, and they called me a psycho and everything went back to normal. But no one noticed how distraught I'm am t. Because I'm the youngest, My brothers take pride and think its fun to ruin my self-esteem, by making fun in public, calling me a baby for crying and yelling that they should leave me alone, and pointing out every single imperfection in me every day, and even punching me. I can't move them or fight back because or youngest. They push me around like I'm shit, like I'm worthless.They've said to me it its fun to see angry and say u want to kill yourself.  Everyday my family talks about me behind my back. like he's this, he does that. Because I'm the weird one. He threatens to punch me, tell everyone about my imperfections, and constantly insults me. Me and my family fight everyday and they scold me, slap me, and take something away and they still think its gonna change me. my brothers honestly wouldn't care if i died. they'd just go back to playing the PS4 like they did when my aunt died. It carriers over to public and i just get to more trouble. My parents on another hand are different. I know they try but never fix anything. When we fight, they just come downstairs. talk to me about god, and gove me my stuff back like that helped. Everyday they threaten to punish me more, but it doesn't change a thing. My family. constantly complain about me and when i tell them to stop they ignore me. My dad, yells at me do something and if i don't do it he threatens to beat me and take my stuff. I tell him and my mom about my brothers, but nothing ever changes. Its like my brothers team up with my parents to ruin my self esteem and make me angry. My school stuff is fine, but i put on a mask of a funny kid to hide what I'm really feeling. everyone thinks I'm emotional because I'm say this and think i would never do such a thing. I think theres something wrong with me or god is punishing me for something i did. I know my parents try, and would be distraught if i killed my self, but i don't know where to go from now. I hope some people can relate