I just... need someone right now, pleaseContext: I went through a very traumatic, nasty divorce when I was a kid, and my dad got full custody. My bio mom was emotionally abusive and as a parent, neglectful. My dad, for the most part, is a good dad. He tries hard. I do love him and I know he cares about me but he also has a really bad temper. He doesn’t believe in therapy. I’ve had really bad anxiety for as long as I can remember, and I experience panic attacks every now and again — more when I’m under stressful circumstances. I’ve struggled with suicidal thoughts for a long time and now, in college, have been getting help. I’ve tried to tell my parents about my mental health struggles but they always shut me down and say I’m making an excuse.
My dad has really bad anger issues/issues processing and expressing his emotions appropriately. He gets upset and blows up and says really horrible things. When I was twelve, he told me he didn’t want a kid like me and that he was going to put me up for adoption. Anytime I mess up, he tells me I’m a selfish person, I don’t care about my family, and that I should be out on the street, fending for myself.
Last night, I forgot to set two cups of rice for dinner (I am still taking online college courses, am walking the dog, and keeping the house clean), and my dad’s response was to empty my bank account, shut off my phone, and is mandating I get up at 6:30 every morning. And then he screamed at me until I cried (because him screaming at me is very traumatic and reminds me of the really bad times during the divorce), and then screamed at me because I was crying, all the while telling me the things he always tells me. And I usually wind up feeling guilty like how I’m not a good person and I don’t deserve anything, but two years into a psychology degree has taught me that’s not true. 
I haven’t been close to an attempt in a few months, but I really don’t know if I can live like this. We are under shelter in place orders for a month. 
I am so close to killing myself, and I feel so alone and isolated from my friends and support network, and I just...need to know someone is there