Always almostI'm not the usual teenager who has her emotions caught up in a small moment that makes them feel useless, but I have been there. I am a frequent relapsing self harmer and I can feel myself progressively falling deeper and deeper. I am afraid one day something is going to click and I will eventually end my life.

On the outside I'm pretty alright and I have days where I wonder how I could think such sark thoughts. I'm 24, I have a full time job that's decent and supplies wonderful health insurance. I am dating a childhood friend that I can see myself loving for the rest of my life, I've had things I have always wanted and although its tight-ish money wise due to rent that's going to be changing. But some how, deep down I hate myself and every little bump gets me so agitated and just ready to call it a day. My wonderful boyfriend is rather lazy and unless I manage him to do things around the house he doesn't bother. In that same aspect I have no motivation to do these things myself either. I'm overweight and have joined a gym and started eating better but in a few months I have seen little progress so I am feeling disgusted with myself on top of all this inner turmoil.

Just today, I'm off work because I'm sick and went out to get my prescription filled and swung by my boyfriends bank to pay his car payment (he doesn't have checks so he gives me cash to go into the bank. I do it cause I work afternoon shift and he works daylight. Bank is closed before he gets home) and we also had to pay a bill which was payable at a couple local banks. He left me money to do so because I talked to him about how me managing and paying all our bills has been wearing me out. I still feel upset that I still have to do the actual leg work, the whole point of the talk was to get him to take some of this responsibility but I would feel awful bringing it up cause he was in fact paying for the bill. Well on top of being irritated, sick, worried my boss might see me out and about after calling off, I get to the bank that is said on the bill was a location I could pay at and turns out they no longer do payments there. Pissed I call my boyfriend to vent a bit and he just doesn't help at all. I'm already sick and exhausted and now even more pissed and now am fighting off urges and disgust from just this little bump in a normal day. I ended up back tracking and going to one of the other banks listed and they still took payments and I got home and am resting but now that I'm alone on the couch this despair and anger is just overwhelming anything I feel. 

This is just one example of things that happen atleast weekly that break me a little more and more.

I just want to talk to someone that will actually help. I try to talk to my boyfriend but he isn't feeling well either and the conversation always turns back into how sick or how bored or how mad he is at work. For your nice I would like to feel as if I am important and what I feel matters.

...sorry for ranting, it felt better to just write this out even if this doesn't make much sense.

Thanks.