Knew I was going to kill myself since early childhoodHey. I've been feeling suicidal and deeply depressed for all of my memorable life since very early childhood. I know without a shadow of doubt in my mind that I'm going to kill myself eventually as I feel like I have to, the only consistent feeling or concept through my entire life is that I shouldn't be alive and how much I hate myself. indont really feel much of anything emotionally anymore. I'm not really sure what to do anymore. I didn't expect to live to 25 and I'm struggling with continuing. Which brings up the subject of what I'm dealing with now I guess. Sorry in advance for all this as I'm writing without edits. 
The only thing that makes me feel anything positive now is weed or opes. I don't drink but I love pain killers more than anything on earth. The gut wrenching aches and constant emotional pain are just replaced with a thick and euphoric buoyant haze of nihilism. I don't have to feel good or bad, it's fine, I can chill in bed and watch judge Judy re runs and eat the same 2 bagels for a few days straight.  I have severe anxiety that's developing into an agoraphobic fear of leaving my room to go outside. Thing is people hate me. I hope someone can emphasize with this. I'm queer and try to maintain an androgynous appearance. I get screamed at from people in cars when they drive past.  I get called a faggot at my job. Even into my 20s. Yes it really happens. Sorry I can't prove it. Many people who aren't queer are constantly rude to my face for the way I look. I know this is something lots of people worse off  than myself deal with 100x worse. I have too much anxiety to make friends locally and do social things. I just work and get high.  Most people's advice boils down to modifying myself to make life easier and more comfortable for the people who would go out of their way to fuck with me.  I suppose I can understand the perspective and I've recognized it since I was extremely young. it's that I am disposable, unwanted and ultimately the legitimacy of my entire personhood is something people want to ignore or struggle with. So I should die. I want to die and I'm well aware most of the culture I live in would be relieved with that as well.  Im tired. I'm all out of money, drugs, and god dammit I am hungry, starving at the moment. Might do my little bread run tonight if I can out of bed. If you do a self check out just load a brown bag with bread items and ring it as a single donut. May also cut up my wrists sit in the tub and let the city deal with the rest. It's inevitable and I'm getting tired of dragging it out 