Going to college was the biggest mistake of my lifeLong story short... My delusional 18 year old self with no real world experience, no idea of how the world worked, and no support system behind me besides my mom(dad is a raging, abusive alcoholic who has torn our family apart) decided that it would be a great idea to go to an out of state school... My mom cosigned the loans (bless her heart, she only wants whats best for me) and I was set for the first two years... 

Straddled in debt already but doing quite well, I managed to finish my first two years with a 3.7 gpa. Part of that was because I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life (still don't) so I was taking mostly intro classes and electives to fill my schedule. After these two years were up I made the single biggest mistake in my life... I decided to transfer to an even nicer out of state school, even more expensive, and again my mom cosigned the loans. When I got there I got a cushy one person apartment, paying rent with loans (dumbest thing I could have ever done, even though I still am) and that's when the depression, sickness or whatever hit me. I was super lonely, literally never made one friend and contemplated suicide daily even though I will probably never have the balls to do it until my mom is dead and there is no one left in my life that matters. 

Needless to say, I never attended class and slept almost all day in what was basically a prison cell to me, even though it would be seen as an outstanding opportunity to a normal person. I failed out(mainly dropped out) the first semester, never got my refund for the first or SECOND semester and took the second semester off. 

Fast forward to now and I'm in my second semester at my third school. I'm now in state, surrounded by quite a few of my high school friends who also attend here but I'm still stuck in the same rut. I'm watching all my friends from high school graduate this year as they branch out and live their lives. Meanwhile I'm stuck in limbo land where I'm already over 100k in debt, with literally nothing to show for it. I'm in the same boat as my second school basically.

 I received an academic warning last semester and so far it's looking like I'm going to be suspended because I'm skipping class and feeling depressed daily. Although this school does offers a third chance, which I want to take because if not I'll be thrown into the real world paying off my student loans with no skills or experience to do any kind of meaningful work. I'd be homeless if it wasn't for my mom. And if I do fail out, I'll move back in with my mom and (alcoholic) dad, where my brother who never went to college also lives. I really wish I was in my brother's situation because yeah sure he never went to college, but he also won't be straddled in crippling debt for the rest of his life.

My whole life has literally boiled down to the idea that I NEEDED to go to college to make something of my life. And now that I'm in insurmountable amounts of debt, I see that I completely fucked up and wish I never went there in the first place.

I want to kill myself because then it will all go away. Everything. The saddest part is my mom will be left with the loans because she has been the greatest thing that ever happened to me and supported me all the way, signing her life away as well. I'm in a lose lose situation. What can I possibly do? Should I see a doctor? Or am I stuck feeling like this forever and the only way out is death?