Help me breatheI decided to start writing here because I don't know where else to write. I don't really know what I'm looking for either. This isn't just a vent. I've been at the edge of suicide every day for a while now and reached a point where I almost drowned myself a few months ago.

\[29M\] I've been somewhat of a reclusive since I was 18 which happened after I originally tried to kill myself. The thing with me is that I have a very obsessive sort-of mind and have always been very sensitive to what others feel. At the age of 7 I lost my best friend in a car accident and when I was 12 a close friend of mine confessed to me that she was being raped. I mention this because these sorts of painful things have always been a part of my life and have shaped who I am now. There's more than these two events, but I'm not going to share it all.

I didn't know what to do, I was 12 after all, but she, with her family, moved away soon after and I never heard from her again. This marks a point where I changed more drastically and I spent my teen years getting to know others in a deeper and more genuine sort-of way. Eventually I found others who I felt needed saving. I somehow thought that if I could put the pieces back for others then I could fix things and the horrors of abuse and other things wouldn't need to leave their mark. It was immature and naive to say the least. I wanted to stop the suffering I saw and it made me want to understand it all the more. My mind became obsessive and I began having frequent nightmares over and over again of myself going through hell. I empathized with everyone that sometimes I didn't feel like myself anymore.

I wasn't really able to save people though, it didn't work that way.

I met a particular girl who fell in love with me and I began to care for her in a much deeper way than how I saw those I needed to save. It wasn't a good time to enter a relationship because I wasn't mentally stable, but I did. These new feelings, though, exacerbated the problem because not only did I want to help her overcome her trauma but I also wanted to protect her. These feelings of protections made me paranoid and I went through nightmares of seeing her going through all kinds of horrors. After 4 years, she broke up with me, and I never blamed her for it. 

It was then that I completely broke from reality and all I felt was pain. So, I tried to commit suicide and because it didn't work I went through physical torture for several hours afterwards. Being in the hospital didn't save me from the physical pain of all the pills I took because it was already too late to pump my stomach by the time I was there. Waves and waves of pain left me worst off. I secluded myself afterwards for 3 years because then I didn't want to know anything about anyone and didn't want to involve myself with the problems of others. I couldn't put the pieces back for anyone else and I only ended up shattering myself.

At 21 I accidentally met another girl, a girl who needed saving, and I loved her smile. I had to get involved. In the end I thought I helped her because I went pretty far for her several times. This wasn't a normal relationship though because she was different. I didn't realize until some years later that she was just using me. I wasn't well just because I had found a relationship and while she didn't support me emotionally, I always felt that, that wasn't important because I had to be strong enough to hold everyone's pain. In many ways, that was enough for me. I did help her better herself to a degree but it eventually unraveled like anyone else, and our relationship ended. She changed more over time, cheated on me, and left me to pursue self-destructive behaviors like it was inevitable from the beginning.

How she treated me hurt me and devastated me. My self-esteem went through the garbage and I began experiencing panic attacks along with constant severe anxiety. I wished to die several times and I couldn't function. I stopped eating until I couldn't move. I didn't want to kill myself because I love my younger siblings and I don't want to hurt them, but I didn't want to live either. I wanted to drown myself and I couldn't get the image out of my mind. Even my love for my siblings wasn't going to stop me but a stranger helped me ground myself before I could go through with it. 

I didn't want to just repeat what happened when I was 18 years old again. I decided to apply for a job in the middle of this pandemic and I got it. I've been pushing myself hard and I'm in college too, despite being 29, wanting to become a doctor because I'm still trying to save others. 

It's just.. every day feels like a painful current of electricity is running through my body. It's not the breakup that hurts anymore, I've made my peace with that, but I just feel forlorn. I don't really have friendships. I don't want a relationship although I get the feeling I won't ever have that opportunity again. Watching my family makes me so sad because we seem so torn apart. Poverty. My dog is probably going to die this year, he has health issues and he's old. 

I don't know what I need to feel normal. Writing this was more cathartic than I thought it would be, so I don't know if that has something to do with what I need. I don't understand why every day hurts so much. Why does it keep burning to be alive?  


If you made it this far then I thank you from the bottom of my heart and I hope some love comes your way.