i’m sad there isn’t much more else to ithi. i stumbled upon this subreddit while looking for painless methods to die. i saw a lot of people venting their frustrations on here, and i thought maybe it wouldn’t hurt to do the same. 
i feel trapped. and moreover i feel sad. and i can’t help it. 
it’s not like my life is the most terrible. the worst part is probably my abusive father. 
but i have friends who care about me. and a loving boyfriend, bless his heart. and im in college. i’m struggling with remote learning and my potential adhd but my grades are decent. that’s more than what a lot of people can say. 
my dad is a dick, almost everyone in my life knows that, they just don’t know the extent. he says terrible things based off of his own screwed up judgement because he thinks he knows best (including racist and homophobic comments, especially about my friends), sometimes he gets extremely violent with me, my siblings, and my mom (he’s almost killed me about 2 or 3 times now), he barely lets me leave the house and i’m 18 years old, and he continues to try to assert some stupid authority thing especially since i’ve turned 18. he is a lot of the reason i’m so mentally unstable. he isn’t always a terribly shitty parent. sometimes there are good days. he can treat me well. he doesn’t starve me, or sexually assault me, so i guess it could be worse. 
but this compiled with school and the stress of existing and living and being from a low income household just adds on to the never ending list of things that make me sad. i find myself wanting to cry all the time. i really can’t take it. i don’t like making my friends worry, but they’ve started to notice, especially my boyfriend. my mental health has been on a steep decline. the other day i had something short of a manic episode, where i somehow just felt the need to eat various salts and eventually sprinkles in my kitchen at 2 in the morning with no pants on, only to then continue to try and eat the ornaments off of my mother’s Christmas tree. the only reason i didn’t ingest them was because i couldn’t manage to fit them into my mouth entirely. i really don’t know why i just felt like i had to. when i woke up the next morning i thought to myself “ash, you’re finally losing it.” 
with each day that passes i either become more irritable or more depressed, and things are just getting so hard. 
i’m so tired. tired of being sad, tired of dealing with him, tired of being trapped, tired of feeling scared in my own home, tired of wanting to die, but even more tired of being alive. 
if i were to kill myself, i know people would be sad. i don’t want them to be sad because of me. but i’m just getting so close to my breaking point i don’t know what to do. i’m tired. i don’t want to be here anymore.