I am tired of lifeI want to die. I wish I was killed in Paris instead of someone else living a fulfilling life. I wish some random mentally ill terrorist would shoot me up in the subway. I wish I could get cancer or some rare disease instead of a kid or someone originally happy. I wish I had an opportunity to sacrifice myself for someone else. I wish I had the strength to kill myself, but I am too weak. 

I hate myself, I hate my whole body, I hate my brain, my face, my heart. My self-esteem equals the void, I have no self-esteem. Living alone, I have no purpose in life, I am insignificant, I am a mistake in the grand scheme of life. I used to like my job, but I am not even good at it, I don't have the motivation to enhance myself. I don't have the motivation to step out of loneliness as every attemps result in rejection, which increases the growing gangrene inside my heart.

I am inadequate. I am very sensible, empathetic and respectful, which are useless qualities for a male. I am weird, I don't know where to put myself, I don't know how to be human. I have a speech disorder and can barely hold a conversation, what good can I achieve if I can't even speak my thoughts to people?

I used to see escorts on a monthly basis to give me an illusion of being human, until I realized how much miserable it was. I used to believe perhaps I could be happy despite my loneliness by simulating on a regular basis what most species on earth do. It doesn't work like that, you cannot cheat, you cannot mimic love. 

I don't even know how to love myself so I don't know how another human being could possibly love me. I need something in life to motivate me to keep working on myself, but at this point I tried so hard that I don't see a reason to try anymore. I wish I could accept my fate of loneliness and be happy anyways, but I don't know how. There is something inside my shitty brain that wants me to feel miserable when I am lonely. I don't see my future getting brighter, I don't see how it could possibly change.

I am tired of life