I want to, but I don’t have the courage I used to have.When I was younger, I stupidly tried to end it by taking a random jumble of pills from my family’s medicine cabinet (I didn’t know that none of them would have killed me, but just made me really sick and in a lot of pain). Luckily I got so scared I felt sick and threw them up almost immediately. I at least had the courage to try back then.

I really just want to vent, please don’t post any links or phone numbers to hotlines, I won’t use them. I just want to tell someone something in case I do get brave enough to do it right this time.

I got married a little over a year ago. As soon as we got married we moved across the country to a state I’ve never even visited. All of my family and friend (not friends.) are back in my old state. I have no friends or family here. My husband is a different person than I thought he was. We live with 2 other people and I’m the odd one out. Everyone uses me as the lightening rod. It’s 1 against 3 and I have no one on my side.

I had been seeing things and thinking things that aren’t right or here. I had my dads insurance plan so I saw a therapist (not psychologist). He told me I had major depression and possibly schizophrenia. He convinced me to see a psychiatrist. I’ve wanted to kill myself before but it was pretty much every day for a while since we moved. I had a couple appointments with the psych and she agreed I had major depression but with psychosis. She gave me medication for both. There were a couple of adjustments and I was fine.

I was “happy” every day and didn’t see him for a while. (Him being the man who’s in my head and outside, he has a name and I’ve seen him since I was younger, but I didn’t know it was him). The people in my house keep bullying me and getting mad if I try to say/do anything back. The people in my closet said they were going to poison me if I tried to take my medicine again and kill my husband if I told him. Luckily I don’t think they can see my dog and he doesn’t seem to notice them either. 

My husband and I got in an argument yesterday about how everyone here is against me and I’m not going to deal with it any more. I haven’t talked to him since then. I slept on the couch last night and I don’t want to talk to him unless he recognizes that they are hypocrites and say sorry. I know he won’t. I want to get a divorce but I can’t. If I stay, he will keep doing these things. I actually can’t leave even if I wanted. I don’t have any money to pay for a divorce or lawyers. Even if he agreed and it didn’t cost anything (no clue how divorces work) I would be even more miserable because I still love him. I can’t live on my own, I have no marketable skills and never lived on my own before. I tried calculating how much I would need to make to live on my own (even in a studio apartment, eating nothing but ramen). I would need a full time job at the state minimum, which is the only kind of job I’d be able to get, and the state minimum is actually a ton here. PLUS another part/full time job. And that’s just to survive. No games, computer upgrades, extra anything like sweets or coffee.

At least with my husband I won’t live on the streets. I thought about killing myself all last night. I figured I would leave my parents a message so they know why and that I love them. I played in my head exactly what I’d tell them, how I’d leave it for them etc. I couldn’t stop crying. I felt so pathetic laying on the couch, crying to myself thinking how I’d tell my parents why I killed myself. I can’t live by myself and even if I could, I’d be alone with no one to talk to. I don’t want to talk to strangers. I want my bestfriend and parents. I can’t ask them to pay for me to go back or tell them what I’m thinking.

I want to kill myself so bad but thinking about how sad my parents would be breaks my heart. Also I’m a coward. I know where my husbands gun is but I think even if I grabbed it I wouldn’t be able to pull the trigger. If I did, my husband would have to deal with it. I honestly don’t think he’d care that much anyway. I think he might be surprised. Like “oh shit my wife just fucking killed herself” and he might be scared cause I can’t imagine he’s ever seen someone he knows dead on the ground by their own hand, but I think that’s about it. I suspect he’s tired of me and wants a divorce but he knows I wouldn’t make it on my own.

I’m sorry if you read all of this. I’m hoping most people didn’t because I just wanted to tell someone something. I thought about just typing it in my notes and leaving it there or deleting it, but something about someone actually reading it gives me comfort. I lose either way, whether I die or not. The only difference is if I actually die, I won’t have to worry about feeling sad for my parents cause I’ll be dead.