I'm just so tired of it allI have been struggling with chronic pain for 25 years since I was 14. I worked so hard at everything then and had a lot of good teachers and coaches that helped me to be excel. I lived in a small town and was from a small town where everybody knew me and my family and I always had a lot of pressure to be great at whatever I did and my best was never good enough. If I got a single B on my report card my parents would focus and that and why it wasn't perfect while other siblings that never even tried got rewarded if they didn't fail any classes. I was always doing more than my peers because I wanted to live up to the expectations others had for me. My 8th grade year I went undefeated in wrestling because I had a great coach who was happy with however I did. He was just as happy for everyone on the team when they gave their best no matter if they only won a single match all year and I thought that was great. He was the best and came from a foster home and just wanted to help kids have fun and treated everyone like they mattered and that's why I was so successful under him. The summer after that season my dad signed me up for several wrestling camps and after I asked him not to. I was a perfectionist and had been to several of these camps before and they push children to their breaking point and my parents could never understand that. So I went and did 3 wrestling camps that summer as I recall that were ran by middle aged guys that had gone to the Olympics and they were brutal and I would work out contantly  even when not in the camps because that is the kind of person I was. During camp I injured my neck and shoulder severely and laid on the mat thinking I was paralyzed from it and it took a lot of effort to even wiggle my fingers. Nobody even came over to check on me and eventually I stood up but my head just wobbled around like an infant learning to use its muscles. I managed to work up the strength to get through the camp and not miss any of it by just flexing every muscle I could to support my neck. When I went home and told my parents instead of taking me to the hospital they just had an argument about it. I had disclocated some ribs too and could see them protruding from my sternum. I continued wrestling while in school but was never the same after that. I took one year off after my sister died in a traffic accident because I didn't care anymore. The high school coach pulled me out of spanish class when I didn't show up for the first practice lecture me on how I was being a quitter and I would regret it. I just ignored him and went home and cried as I did often. That year off my dad finally took me to the family doc who just said it was a pulled muscle and to get physical therapy. I did everything that was asked of me and more and it didn't help. Then came chiropratic care which thankfully enabled me to turn my head again but the burning stabbing pain and the headaches from it were still constant. I just told myself that once I graduate from college and got out of this small town I'd find a doc with a brain that could help. I'd never had an MRI or even an x-ray and it was frustrating. Eventually I graduated and got a job and got married to a very kind person who was determined to help me. I've been to so many family docs, massage therapists accupuncture, surgeons, pain management docs and I can't even remember what else. After my first surgery a decade ago I had to quit my job because I couldn't even raise my dominant arm. When I was working before the surgery I would have to lay on the floor of my office for a couple hours a day to try to relieve the pain. I eventually was diagnosed with a severe labral tear, herniated discs throughout my entire cervical spine, arthritis in my neck, and radiculopathy that causes numbness in my arm. I have been living a spoonie life for a long time. If I don't do much during the day I can keep my pain at manageable levels but if I do anything that involves turning my head or using my dominant shoulder the pain quickly becomes unmanageable. When the pain is at a 9 or 10 I become suicidal and just want it to stop and to avoid the feelings I avoid doing much of anything to keep my pain down. Just carrying in groceries or doing computer work (my previous occupation) for an hour gets my pain out of whack.  I applied for disability insurance a few months ago and was denied. The independent company that made the determination sent me a letter saying to call if I had any questions or other info to supply and I called two or three times on different days and they wouldn't even answer the phone or return my call. They then proceeded to deny my application saying I wasn't disabled 5 years ago when I have been dealing with this for 25 years and had over a 100 pages of doctor notes covering the last 10 years of my medical history. I am so depressed right now as a result and am just tired of fighting this and don't see the point of living. I always wanted children but didn't have any because I didn't feel I could adequately take care of them since I can barely take care of myself. My wife wants me to get a lawyer and fight it but I am just so tired. I contacted one last night via chat then called them today and they didn't answer. I have called the suicide hotline a few time previously and am discouraged my the automated system that answers and hang up after waiting a couple minutes. Nobody seems to understand what I deal with on a daily basis except my wife who has watched me struggle with it every damn day, waking several times a night from severe pain over the past 15 years. I am lucky to have a loving wife that works hard to support us but I feel so guilty and useless and my pain wears on her too and isn't fair to her. She shouldn't have to put up with somebody like me. I love her so much but sometimes she gets overwhelmed and wants to leave for good and I understand. I am so depressed and have cut myself with razors just to see what it feels like. The pain from cutting is like nothing compared to the pain I feel constantly and is actually a nice distraction from my usual pain. I have considered swallowing all of my prescription meds but don't want to hurt the docs that prescribed them to me by doing that and don't want to hurt other patients who depend on these meds wither. I have also choked myself with my belt a few times and have been so close to killing myself over the years but don't want to cause my wife any more pain than I already have, she doesn't deserve that. If it wasn't for her I would probably be dead by now but that is an awful lot of pressure to put on her. I don't think I am going to kill myself now but am just having another hard time with a lot of suicidal thoughts and don't feel like I can take much more of this at the moment. We recently had to move across the country to a suburb of a major city and I hate it. It is so noisy all the time and I can't get any peace and quiet anywhere. I used to be able to drive a couple minutes to the river where I would just sit and meditate for hours multiple times a week but now I don't feel like I have any way to decompress. I have a service dog I trained myself that is with me all the time and that helps but she isn't happy in the city either. I hope we can move again soon but that upsets my wife. She likes her new job and took it despite my objections. I am trying so hard to get by and support her in her new job but I don't see her much anymore since she works 11 hours a day 5 days a week now on many weeks meaning I only see her around 2 hours a day when she gets home. We have planned vacations but they have been cut short due to her work projects and I fear that other scheduled vacations will face the same. Sorry to complain so much. I should be more grateful for what I have and know a lot of people have it worse off but it is hard sometimes. I am just so tired of living with sever pain 24 hours a day and feel like society doesn't want me in it. The gov is always trying to take away my medicine and I am always being judged by people for not working and being told by social security now that I am not disabled even after all the documentation I have makes me feel like nobody will ever understand what I go through. I don't need any responses, just wanted to type this all out and vent for a minute. If you have to choose between responding to me or someone else who has posted here please choose them over me and I'll understand. For others who are struggling with suicidal thoughts I am truly sorry and know there are no easy answers.