I don't know anymore.I really don't know how to go on. I feel like I have no future left and my chest hurts because of all the bad feelings and bad thoughts.

What happened:
"long" ago (this is a summary without details):
I've met this girl online last year and we dated last september...pretty much on and off...she cheated on me and lied to me back then. Then she dated someone else, he broke her heart, her and I got close again, she left me for someone else...who also left her....and THEN we started dating again.

Recently(with more details):
Her and I still didn't meet (it would take us over 10hours and cost a lot do it just like that). One week ago I was in vacation in France and I've had internet there. She was in vacation aswell with her dad (in a different state than her homestate) and I texted her over my internet a lot. Rarely we even cammed.
Both, her and I are very possessive and controlling...but I always thought we work well together because we're both like that. She always understood when I felt bad about a guy she's talking to and vice versa. Last Tuesday her and I had a HUGE fight bc I complained that she never takes time for her and me alone...and her sister or brother or father are always there with her when she talks to me. (I know that was stupid of me...thank you) I've already said sorry and everything. Just at that time she started seeing a different family who's friends with the family of her dad. They have a 16 year old son who's a HUGE player (she's 18 and I'm 20). So she started being friends with him. I wasn't happy about it but I didn't say "don't be friends with him!". I only dropped comments like "oh, you shave for him?" when she went shaving and stuff...but I always used to do those jokes.
Well...She didn't find it funny anymore and broke up with me, telling me I put her under too much stress.
She still went to that guy's family and helped them pack stuff every day. Two days ago he kissed her randomly but she pushed him away. He also asked her for sex and everything. It was clear that he only wants in her pants and she knew it too...but she insisted on being friends with him. She told me she wants to give us another chance when she's back in her homestate in 12 days. Yesterday she slept at their house with her whole family. I was worried about him trying to do something stupid...but I didn't try to stop her (it was too late anyways). So the next day she acted REALLY weird, didn't respond many of my texts saying that she "can't text because she's too busy". I gave her her space and everything. I set my alarm-clock to 3am my time (9pm her time) to talk to her for a bit when she's back home...but she told me she's sleeping at his house again (no idea if her family is there too).
I have evidence to believe (50% sure) that she's sleeping in the same room as this guy.

**She didn't sleep in the same room as him**

How I feel:
I feel alone. I only have friends online...only one of them I consider a good friend...and he's not gonna have a good future so I'll lose him sometimes in the next 5 years. My girlfriend was basically my only hope for a bright future. I need her back so badly...and I want her back if she didn't do stuff with this guy. If she did then I'm finally gone.
So as I said...I feel like I have no future. I have a social phobia that makes me pretty much inable to meet new people face to face. I didn't eat or sleep much since last Tuesday...and this is getting worse. My job is ending tomorrow and I have to study home for the next year. I really don't know what to do anymore...My life feels completely pointless.

edit: Drugs/Alcohol are no question for me...never done these...and never will do.

edit 2: Know that although I'm commenting every single thing you write. I still read it all. And I really appreciate all your comments, even those who aren't too kind with me. Playing multiplayer-games for ages I am kinda resistant towards strange people being mean to me...and you guys aren't even mean.

**edit 3: I managed to talk to her real quick before she's having to sleep there again. She claims that she hasn't done anything with this guy/anyone else. So I think I might have overreacted to come here. I just wanted to make sure that I won't do something stupid (suicide) if things turn out to be as bad as they seem. That's why I'm here.**