I've given upI've dealt with depression and anxiety all my life, although I was only diagnosed at 13 (I'm almost 31 now). But the last few years have gone so far off the rails that I don't know what else to do. 

My dad is dead, the uncle who took me under his wing afterwards died a few years later. Both my grandmother's are dead. My mother, after my success at university and college, told me to find a homeless shelter when I was sleeping on park benches in Toronto rather than move in temporarily with her and her husband. They are apparently so against me not watching hours of pvrd Big Bang Theory and not taking about the intimate details of mine and my friends' lives that me sleeping on the street is preferable. To be fair, I had a difficult teenage era, but given recent developments, I've come to realize that the woman who routinely compared me to her violent alcoholic father whenever I argued with her from the age of 5 has something to answer for. 

Her brother ripped be off of 10s of thousands of dollars from my grandmother's estate (his mom) lying for years about dealing with it while I got further into credit card trouble (my own fault) and the lawyer I fit dragged his feet, necessitating me withdrawing money from the estate to survive as all I can get is minimum wage garbage. Legsal fees are withstanding. And I'm so convinced that I'll never get anything better after countless applications. 

In the meantime, I've isolated myself from friends and my dad's family who gave reached out to me. I'm so ashamed, and don't want to be a burden on them. I'm so in debt that I can't get a cell phone on credit, I worka shit minimum wage job with no real hope of advancement, especially due to no credit, despite a BA (film studies lol) and a college grad certificate (scriptwriting lol), and no social life, nothing but regret. 

I'm done. I've already tried overdosing on Tylenol, and zzzquil in the last while (and recebt blood work would imply I've done damage to my kidneys given my cholesterol) so perhaps enough booze, pills, chugging some energy drinks, and luck will be enough tonight. 
