Dead endAll I can think is as soon as my mum n dad die I will join them. I am so sick of my miserable existance. I can't write this publicly because it would make me look stupid but I am so fed up I just want to end it. The thought of someone telling my mum and dad that I've topped myself and imaginging their reaction is the only thing worse than continuing life. I have noone in my life who cares about me except my immediate family. Most people think I'm a tosser and want nothing to do with me. Girls don't want to be anywhere near me unless I spend money on them. Every girl I have dated has dated me with 1 good eye on someone else and has bled my bank balance dry. I am now in my 30s and everyone who does what I do for a living and is younger than me (which i wont go into)does better than me and im just becoming a lazy self loathing fuck. All my friends are married with kids and I can't even bring myself to attend their funcstions because its too embarassing to answer even the small talk questions, what are you doing?? where do you live? have you got a house? have you got a gf? I got into cocaine and the rest 3-4 years ago and blew everything I have ever saved up on it and also the money my parents have put into an account to save for a house for me which they don't know about. They are getting old and I am so ashmed of myself I hate myself. My thoughts are so fucked up the only thing that helps me sleep at night is imagining getting back at everyone who has bullied me/ took advantage of me etc. I feel like such a loser my self esteem has never been more low. As you can tell my spelling and grammer sucks. Can anyone please help me? I have been feeling horifically depressed for 2-3 years now. I don't think talking about it is enogh. Im feeling desperate. I don't want to be like this and i want to be happy but i dont feel like i fit in life anywhere and I dont feel like im worthy of love. My family will fight for me I know but once the're gone I am pretty sure noone else will. I think there must be some things seriously wrong with me.