i want to die right now more than i have at any other time in my life.i really fucking needed something to go right right now. i graduated college last june with an actuarial degree, and i've been struggling to find a job in my chosen field. i spent september, october, and november doing a series of interviews for an ideal job that i thought i would get for sure, and i found out last week that i didn't get it.

in the meantime i've been working retail. not because i need the money, but because it looks good on a resume to be working. i fucking hate this job. i'm a stockperson. i carry heavy shit and run up and down stairs all day. it makes my body feel so shitty that i can't sleep.

despite all that, i was actually pretty happy this past week. all because a girl i had been seeing back in august randomly showed back up in my life. she was the first and only person i ever kissed. i like her a lot. she ghosted on me before we had any kind of formal relationship. it fucking sucked and i thought about her every day since.

a week ago, she showed up to a weekly comedy show that i do. she knew i'd be there, so i figured she wanted to see me. i texted her the day after, and we wound up getting coffee that sunday. it went really well. it felt like she was remembering what made her like me in the first place, and she texted me a lot afterwards.

we went to an open mic together last night, and that went really well too. i had a good comedy set. she gave an amazing musical performance. i invited her over afterwards, and she said she couldn't had work the next morning, but that she would be at my show tonight.

she came, i had a great show, we talked afterward. once again, asked if she wanted to hang out afterward. she hesitated for a few minutes. i pretended to pay attention to some other conversation while she thought about it. then she said no.

so she definitely does not like me in the way i like her anymore. and that's the story of my fucking life. and that fucking sucks. today i cared about so many things. i wanted to see my friends. i wanted to write new jokes. i wanted to write for a website my friend is launching. i wanted to listen to an album that my favorite rap group is releasing tomorrow. i wanted to watch neo yokio on netflix. i wanted to listen and laugh at comedy podcasts.

and now i just don't fucking care. nothing is good or interesting or exciting. everything fucking sucks. i fucking suck.