It's my fault I can't have kids.So I posted this to offmychest first but it's late and I need responses. I don't believe I will actually kill myself but I have wanted to and have tried multiple times in the past when I was younger. It is more of an ideation now, but it still sounds nice. To just...not have to deal with the stress of school or relationships or inadequacy. I've been so stressed and so emotional but I can't show it to anybody. My parents are over me and my boyfriend has once called me an emotional vampire. Nobody knows about this following story except for me.

TLDR at bottom

Growing up my parents weren't churchgoers but were religious. I have swayed back in forth between what I believe, but I cannot confirm nor deny. I was heavily abused both physically and mentally by my father and emotionally by mother who had many mental illnesses (also sometimes physically but not as much as my dad.) I was bullied often at school because I was sensitive and sad. I ate my feelings away as my parents never told me to drink water and constantly supplied me with junk food and soda throughout my childhood. I was fat, emotionally sensitive and an easy target. I was bullied at school and at home. My childhood gave me anxiety and depression etc.

This is where it gets hard for me. It hurts so bad to even write this. I resented myself and my family. I was so SURE I didn't want children that I prayed to god multiple times that I could be infertile or never get pregnant. This was throughout my whole childhood and throughout my whole first serious relationship that lasted 6 years. I didn't want to fuck my kid up. I didn't want it to be like me. I didn't want to be like my parents.

Fast forward, I'm in a new relationship, he's always wanted kids. My mom lost an eye due to a blood clot and has glaucoma in other one. She's going blind. She's very emotional and needy and one day she BEGS me to have her grandchildren before she goes blind. She wants to see their face. I tell my boyfriend who I was only dating for a little while at that time and he is ON BOARD. It was shocking. Thinking more and more my aversion to children withered away. We stopped using condoms

It will be 3 years in January of trying. I should note that even in my first relationship I sometimes had HORRIFIC pain after sex. It continued into this relationship. One day it was so bad I couldn't even breathe or stand. I went to the hospital to find out a cyst had ruptured and I was internally bleeding. After many questions about my sex life and trying to conceive + multiple ultrasounds, they confirmed its either endometriosis or PCOS. There is still a chance we can remove scar tissue and give me a window to conceive. But I am 24 and a full-time Sophmore nursing student. I've gotten my life together and lost all of the weight. IDK how I can fit a surgery (that the doctors are unwilling to currently perform because they are not 100% sure of a diagnosis) and get pregnant as a nursing student. I feel like I've let my mother and my boyfriend down. I feel like this a lesson I have built myself up to and I can't stand myself. I haven't told anybody.

I walk past the baby aisle in Walmart and can hardly stop myself from tearing up. Sometimes I can smell the baby powder smells and see the cute clothes. I see cute baby videos online and their tiny smiles. I've experienced a lot of pain but this one hurts the worst because I feel like it is my fault.

TLDR: I had a bad childhood in a semi-religious family and can't help but feel like it's my fault that I am infertile after I begged god multiple times to never let me have children. Now I feel horrible and that it's my fault.