Please help me. I'm at my breaking point again.Hello. Please bear with me on how bad my writing skills are right now and if this is poorly organized but i've been struggling with suicide for the past couple months and its broken me down into the mess I am right now. My name is Dakota, i'm nineteen years old and live in Michigan (its cold and dark outside allll the time). I recently dropped out (transferred) from the university I was attending too a local community college. My long time girl friend from high school and college broke up with me (I know high school stuff dosnt normally last but it still hurt ALOT). My parents are divorced so me along with my three younger brother are more like a obligation to them, like choirs, we dont mean anything to them, they just want to re-marrie and forget there problems and us. All of my friends are out of state for college or in the military so I feel indescribably alone and when i try to talk to them they are all really busy. A couple weeks ago i got robbed heading to my car after class and got my phone, laptop and the cash on me taken and two weeks ago my car battery died and no on would help me. My phone was almost ded and no one picked up when i tried to call, the neibohors near by where my car was were ass holes and just shut the door, even the police just looked at my and drove off (it was 10 at night and -3 outside). My entire life I grew up in a nice small town where nothing bad ever happened and people were so help full and nice to everyone.... but  now that im out in the city and seeing what the world is really like,  its terrible. I am agnostic and everyone who is in some sort of a religion seems to be stupidly happy, and gives me the advice of "god has a plan for you" I DONT BELIVE IN THAT so pleaseeee stop telling me that. On January 19th I decided That I couldn't take  it anymore and attempted to kill myself. I went to a friends house in the middle of the night that had many guns and took the 12 age they had and went into there barn out back. With the gun in my mouth I pulled the trigger shaking. At that moment i realized the safety was still on  and fell to the ground crying because I was too scared kill my self. I wake up everyday now and hate being alive and am miserable... but im to afraid to take my own life.... I wish when I was robbed the man would of killed me so I wouldn't have this problem. The only reason im functioning as of right now is because of this idea I made up... Some day im going to die and there will be nothing i can do about it, and when i die there will be nothing and I wount remember anything in my life. So I might as well keep struggling threw everyday because someday none of this will matter anyway.... thats the only reason i keep doing anything. BUT NOW THAT STARTING TO NOT WORK, when im driving home from school im looking for ways i can crash my car and kill myself (when i dont even relize im thinking about it). eveyday im thinking about ways someone or something can kill me so i dont have to kill myself.... Please... someone help me. im sorry if alot of this post sounds like a five year old typed it but im trying my best right now. just please... someone has to be able to give advice in how to get threw this?? I don't want to die.
EDIT:
I also forgot say that I have no idea what I want to major in /do the rest of my life and am very poor right now. So when people are going to be engineers or doctors... it makes my feel like in worthless, not smart and going to be a failier. No one in my faimly has completed college and I wanted to be the first to show that my brothers can do it as well. 