my problem can't be fixedi don't have a hard life, i don't have abusive parents, i'm not going through any hardships, life is just empty. i don't even know what my problem with life is, but all the fixes people talk about don't help. At one point I thought it was friends, so I made an effort to be more social, but that didn't feel good. Some people said it was talking about your feelings with said friends so I tried that and I talked about wanting to kill myself and it felt good to finally say it and then literally nothing changed, and I just felt the same the next day. Some people say it's following a passion and I thought that computer science was mine, but it feels like I'm just writing programs in hopes that one of them will bring back some overinflated nostalgic emotion i've attached to programming from starting on it so young. Everyone's advice is pointless and doesn't change the apparent fact that humans are not designed to be happy. it seems everyone is either acting happy to ignore their sadness or just accepting and being open about it. I don't even know if i'm sad, sometimes i'll cry really heavily at night but it always feels like i'm making up scenarios in my head to be sad about, and then maybe someone will knock on my door to ask if i'm alright and i'll sound completely normal as i lie to them. i don't know if saying any of this is going to help anything, like i said, i tried being open before and nothing changed. i hate how therapists and counselors say they want to help you not be suicidal but are able to break patient-doctor confidentiality to report your suicidal feelings and require you to sign a life contract or whatever. like if i'm feeling suicidal and have been looking for a reason to not be for years on end and then see a sign on someones office thats like 'i promise to give you a good reason to not kill yourself, a reason you have somehow not come across over all those years, as long as you sign this paper contractually obligating me to do anything in my power to stop you from killing yourself, even if my reason to not kill yourself isn't good, like the 40 other reasons people told you over all those years', who would take them up on that offer? why do they think that's going to do any good?