How do people deal with these thoughts?At first, I thought that my instability was because of school since I was super pressured. My sister was doing very well in school and she handled my parent’s expectations without any struggles. However, when I entered grade 10, my grades became better but I still felt unhappy about it. My parents were not proud of me as they were with my sister. They were also very shitty and did not even consider talking to me about my day. I think that they were very much aware of how unstable I am but they did not even bother taking some action on it. They would often blame stuff on me even though the cause was their fault. Additionally, my sister would also threaten me to leave the house since she can already take good care of herself for she has a stable job. This concerned me very much because I would catch all of the household chores including taking care of my little brother, helping him with his class, and I was dealing with my classes as well.

After some years, my emotional pain grew bigger and I found myself searching online for what was the best way to kill oneself. I tried some methods but they would always fail and that frustrated me. I decided to stop interacting with other people and became more distant. I did not have anyone to talk to at that time because everybody was busy with school works and with their own stuff. That was when people started to name me as very irritable and a snob. I did not have any problem with that since hiding my pain will be somehow effortless.

Last year, I started to go out with someone and we were getting along very well. She helped me deal with my thoughts, gave me hope, and would always remind me of how special I am. Eventually, I forgot about my suicidal thoughts and I continued with my life. But then the Covid-19 pandemic came. I was stuck with my family and those thoughts ran on me again. I tried talking to her about them but I noticed that my issues were affecting her. I did not want to drag her down with me and so, I would tell her I was doing ok. I am not very sure about what I should do. All I know is that those thoughts were coming back and were eating me.