I guess that's itIf my story comes across as whiny, I apologize, that is not my intention.
Some background. I've had a clinical depression for about six years. It has become worse over time, so now the psychiatrics diagnose it as chronic major depression. I'm from Denmark, so the only treatments I've paid for was the cognitive therapy. 
I was first admitted to a closed ward 3 years ago, because of suicidal thoughts. I was let out after two months. The depression have worsened over time, so that I came to the conclusion last july, that I wanted to live, but I could not live like this anymore. That resulted in yet another visit to another ward, where I was given Electroconvulsive therapy. That didn't go to well , but it gave me two months of bearable existence after that stay. Admitted again for two and a half month, then let go, because they couldn't do anymore for me. Admitted for the last time six days later, because another doc thought otherwise. 
That leads me to the present time. I've been here for four months and now they are letting me go. I've tried my best to overcome my suicidal resolve this past year, doing every thing I could and saying yes to every therapy, (I had about forty hours of therapy before this ) treatment and medicin. I've tried just about everything that was available. All in spite of my resignation, that it wouldn't get better. But I have tried with all I could and then some. Now I've come to the end of this stay at the psychriatric hospital, we have tried all there was to try, including experimental treatment with magnetic therapy. I am getting released in two weeks time, but I am going to insist on getting out tomorrow or at the very least on monday. There is no point in prolonging the enevitable. After that I just need to prepare my method and wait  for my oportunity. I'm acutely aware that this will hurt the people close to me, I have been blessed with a wonderful family, five close friends that I love dearly and my son the most. It causes me great pain and shame to know that I will hurt them so much, but I don't have it in me to live in this pain and hopelessnes anymore. I am a shadow of my former self. From my point of view, they will be better off without me in time. I'm not really sure why I post this, I'm aware that plenty people are worse off than me, I guess I just wanted to let it out. 
I can't promise to answer anything , but I will try. It's over midnight here so I will probably be asleep in a  few. (Mandatory sleeping pills.