I posted this elsewhere but I want to die now after this.I was raped.
I can’t tell anyone because I’m a man. My family would not understand, my friends do not understand. So here I am trying to get these words out there. I need some way to talk about it and this is it. First of all, I have always identified as bi-sexual but this experience makes me never want to interact with a man again. I am no longer bi. It started on Saturday night. I was having drinks with my friends. I got carried away, my pre-existing alcohol problems got the best of me. In the past I have always been able to compose myself, but not this time; it was too much. Around midnight my roommate’s friend came over. He was a black man, around 20 years old. I am 21. He was gay, it was a very clear flamboyant gay so I knew immediately. I was so drunk though I did not care about that. Being a self-identified bi-sexual I immediately started hitting on him, this is normal stuff for me but I have never in my life been with a man. I didn’t want to be with a man, so now I have to live with these stupid regrets.
I was at the point of black out drunk, but I still remember what happened. I went to my room because I couldn’t even stand any longer. He followed. He laid with me which was nice initially because I needed some kind of affection. I was too drunk, I felt sad and alone, alcohol triggers my depression. Before I knew what was happening his hand was on my crotch. I asked him to stop. He told me to relax. I didn’t know what to do. Then he started kissing me. I didn’t kiss back. I just lay there, too scared to say anything. He started to kiss down my body… “Please stop” I begged him. I didn’t ask for this, I may have hit on him; but I didn’t ask for this. He pulled down my shorts. Please please stop. Don’t let this happen. My brain was telling my body to stop this; I couldn’t fight. He began to give me oral… This lasted for about 10 minutes. The entire time I begged and begged for him to stop. I pushed him and hit him. Stop. Stop… STOP. But he didn’t. He got tired of me and stopped then. He sat back up and apologized. Your apologies will not change what happened. I told him to get out of my room, he did. He proceeded to lay on the futon in the living room.
I woke up the next morning and did not realize what had happened until the day went on and my memory started coming back to me. I checked my phone…. I had told my girlfriend what happened and she blamed me. She told me it was my fault. I drank too much. Was it my fault? Did I do this?
Now here I am, two days later. I can’t tell anyone. I’m supposed to be a man, I’m supposed to be strong… What do I do? How do I continue when I can’t even look at myself in the mirror? I am disgusted by everything I am. I am poisoned by the toxicity of society. I am a man, I was raped.