Feel like despite trying for years there's no end and I want outSome background

I came out as trans to my family about 6 years ago, I didn't come out on my own terms and ended up dealing with emotional abuse for about 2 years before my family finally accepted me.
Throughout this my experience with mental health care was abysmal, medication would be prescribed without any talk of risks and when I raised concerns about how I felt it wasn't helping at all and how I would like to safely taper off of it I was ignored. When adverse reactions eventually occurred I was left to manage on my own. This culminated in being hospitalized which only made everything worse, leaving my with neurological problems that I just have to live with as well as lasting trauma and a fear of doctors and hospitals.

After a year spent recovering from that nightmare in which my family continued their abuse for months I was able to start over in school and while having to redo prerequisite courses I had already mastered was demoralizing at times I powered through feeling hopeful for the first time in years.

A year after going back to school I schedule some time away from my studies for my gender confirmation surgery and while the recovery was rough it was worth it. A year post-op I was back in school when I developed s mild complication only to be told by doctors and nurses that nothing was wrong, that it was all in my head, this all finally got resolved months later by scheduling an appointment with the original surgeon since no one locally would take me seriously. In those months I went from having a panic attack every now and then and being able to manage them to almost daily ones that I could do nothing about. Thankfully the surgeon was able to identify what was causing me so much pain and fix it.

In the aftermath of all of that I've tried to put my life back together yet again but all the pain I've been through is making it impossible. When I try to do anything remotely challenging I start to panic, become overwhelmed and shut down. And now with the pandemic it's getting even harder to hold together and pick up the pieces. I feel like my issues just hurt everyone around me and it would be better if I wasn't there to drag them down and hurt them and it's not like I really have much of a future anymore as a broken shell of the women I could have been.