It's just really overwhelmingI don't know what to do anymore. The voice telling me things will get better is quieter with each passing day. A little over two years ago, I was left completely on my own, she took everything. My home, my friends, my future. Don't get me wrong, I didn't give up, I fought to try put the pieces back together. Not of our relationship but of my own life. I'd realized that fighting for her love was mute and idiotic. Yeah of course I wanted her back but I wasn't going to fight for it, from the moment she said it was over I knew it was the truth. It sucks to think that when I was with her I was truthfully happy. It sucks that I haven't been able to get to the point that I make myself happy. I thought over time things would get easier and honestly sometimes it is. It's better not to have her stare at me with those "are you fucking retarded" eyes she would give me when I would mess up. Some aspects of my life have gotten better like, I'm more financially responsible (even if it feels like it isn't amounting to much), I've lost weight and feel healthier, I've progressed in my professional career. Yes I've been working really hard be a better person, and find happiness or at least the feeling of being "just okay." Everytime I get close to being able to breathe I'm pulled under by some random misfortune. I keep telling myself it can't be worse than the day I came home to a red note on the door, but deep down inside it doesn't feel like it's gotten any better. Over the past two years I've made some friends most of them know about my depression. But I don't think any of them really get it. They don't understand that I left the city because everyday I thought about getting to the top of the tallest most accessable building. They don't understand that beneath my love for all living things, the kindness shown to other, the generousity, silver-lining seeking, is just someone who is a constant state of loneliness. That even though I love them and I care about them they can't be there for me the way I need them to be. It's worse having tried making that connection and receiving the blank stare of sympathy. I'm so tired of having to put up the facade that I'm strong, tough, and unwavering. It's moments like these, where I'm sitting alone in my car stranded (due my car battery dying) after calling all my coworkers to no avail, and only then deciding to call them, to be told that I should just get a Uber (which I can't afford) and deal with the problem tomorrow. I'm just sitting here in my steel cocoon surrounded by those tall buildings thinking how easy would it be to get on that one ledge. How easy would be to just disappear on the night I've needed them the most. How much better off would I have been if I'd done it when I was at my lowest and never met them so I wouldn't have to feel as unimportant as I do now. It's enraging to think that if I was called and was needed I wouldn't have hesitated. It hurts to think after all the "good deeds" I've done this is the karma I'm rewarded with. All the pain I silently endure, waking up and hoping I don't have to see anyone so I don't have to slap that stupid ass fake smile I charade around. I'm tired of pretending to be happy. I'm tired of pretending I know where this is all leading to. I'm tired of being in charge of making the jokes and listening to everyone when they're sad or afraid. Or worse yet pretend to be happy because they are. I'm tired of silently judging them thinking damn I wish they knew how lucky they really are to not deal with what I deal with. I just want to be myself. I want to be loved because I'm sad. I want to be loved because of who I truly am deep down inside. But I guess who I truly am inside is a burning garbage pile that no one truthfully wants know. I've been trying to fill the void that she left with people, places and, things and I'm so utterly sick of it. I've tried being alone too. I've tried loving someone else. it's not that I'm in love with my ex anymore, I mean I do love her, it's more about the fact that I know that intense flame that we had for each other are cold ashes and I'm buried underneath. I can shake the feeling that one day I'll give in. I'll finally find that open roof access door and I won't hesitate. I'm afraid that the depression and loneliness will take me away from the two dogs I've raised and my mother, my brothers, and my sisters. They know about my struggle but they were also the ones who advised I fill the void she left with people, places, and things. I wish I could start over somewhere new, somewhere where I feel like I belong. Where the scenery isn't full of memories of us, but here I sit  in a dead car waiting for someone to come along rob and murder me or the sun to rise and it be the appropriate time to call again and see if they're in the mood to help. Idk maybe it's all meaningless and I really am asking for too much.