I don't know what's wrong with me, I need help. I have no desire to kill myself. But I often have moments where it seems like to most viable and desirable option.  
To preface, let me say that I have always had this strange self esteem issue: when I am with friends or family, my self esteem is high. But I truly do hate myself as a human. 
I often go on self hate benders that last all night long. They involve compiling reasons why those I care about should hate my ass and why my death would be a positive thing. The worst part is, I have no reason to be upset. The only reason I hate myself so bad is because of some rather persistent bullies in elementary school whom I don't even remember that well. I guess it is just that I started to believe them and over time it just became part of who I am.  
99% of the time I am fine. I love life, I love everything! But there is this one percent when I hate myself to the point that I think it would be a benefit to end my existence.  
Tonight me and my girlfriend had a long discussion about it. She said that I could be bi-polar. I am currently studying psychology (this is my first year of college) and have no idea weather or not this is true.  
And my girlfriend is the most amazing person in my life, and she says that my self hate is hurting her because she loves me so much, which makes me hate myself more.

My question is do I need professional help? Or do you think I can get by on my own? I am 19 and male if that helps. Thanks in advance.  
I just read the rules before posting so I would like to clarify that I just want to know if you fine people think I need psychiatric help.   

Edit: I forgot to mention something Important. During these self hate benders, I usually beat the ever loving shit out of myself, and blame it on tripping or something stupid. There was one time where my sibling mentioned my weight issue (I'm not even fat, just slightly over weight :( and i went into self hate mode and carved the word fat onto my stomach with a knife.