For the first time in a while, I had suicidal thoughts during the day, and they weren't fleeting.I normally have suicidal thoughts at night, and can deal with them relatively well, usually by going to sleep. Today, I was walking after classes to the financial aid building at my school when all of a sudden, I was thinking that I could overdose on something before going to work. I was dumbstruck by the thought, and even wanted to flip a coin on whether or not I would. I really wanted to, but I was very busy as well. I didn't have a coin, and was able to suppress the thoughts for a few minutes until they went away, but the fact that I had these thoughts in the middle of the day, without anything really bad happening is freaky.

Usually in the past when my suicidal thoughts/attempts were the worst, nothing really bad was happening. Small things would happen, but nothing extreme. I'm not bullied, I have a loving home and a really good friend I talk to maybe once or twice a week. I have hobbies that I love and enjoy, but I still sometimes get the thought in my head that I should die. It isn't a voice, it's just a thought that creeps into my head.

And honestly, one of the biggest reasons I haven't made an attempt recently is because I still live with my mom. At the beginning of this year, I wrote a suicide note after I made an attempt that didn't work, and forgot to throw it away, and my mom found it and read it. I am mortified that I caused her so much pain and torment, that I don't want to do it while I'm living with her. So I've basically put the thought out of my head usually knowing that I would probably try once I move out. I have a psychologist and a counselor that I see, but I don't want to tell them. This is probably my addict brain talking, but I never like to cross out options, and so I don't tell them. Also, if I tell them, I may have to leave school, for the third time, or my parents might find out, and so my brothers would too, and I don't want that to happen.

I really feel that life would be better off if I was dead. Maybe not for others, but it would for me. I hate life. I hate having to work. I hate never being satisfied with my studies or academic interests. I feel that the few things I can enjoy in life, reading, writing, my cats, are nothing in comparison to the struggle I put up with almost everyday with these unmerited suicidal thoughts.