Telling my parents I’m suicidalHi. 14F here. 

I want to die - why else would I be here? I burst into tears at sports practice, there’s a voice in my head constantly harassing me, I fantasize about my death and how it would affect others every day. I want people to miss me. I want everybody to realize how much (or little) I mean(t) to them. 

I know this isn’t healthy or normal. I’m seeing a therapist now, which is neat. My parents brought me to therapy at my request but I didn’t tell them what for. I don’t want to give them the burden.  I don’t want to explain why I feel so bad to them. 

My parents lead very busy, stressful lives as it is. They work in law, which is a tiring field to be in. The family dog is sick and lethargic right now.  They’re redoing the house and have to make a lot of decisions. There’s so much stuff on their plates right now, I don’t want to distract them from it and add more to worry about. I don’t want to break my mom’s heart. 

I’ve told them before I felt like I want to end my life but quickly took it back saying I would never do it and I was being hyperbolic. But that was months ago, and now it’s getting worse. Sometimes I really do think about doing it, ideas like hanging myself on a basketball hoop structure at school or tying my feet to a heavy concrete block or rock to drown myself in the pool pop into my head often. I’m starting to get scared I will really do it someday. It gets overwhelming sometimes at school and I spend my lunch period crying. I used to blame it on just being a dumb angsty teenager but it hurts a lot now. 

I told my therapist (my first time going was two days ago) and she listened. It was nice, the thing is I can only see her like once a month since her schedule is so busy. It got worse after I talked to her about it and it kinda sucks that I have to wait until May to discuss it more. 

I have a meeting with a psychologist for medicine, which I’m kinda worried about. I don’t want any scary side effects, who knows maybe I’m just being dramatic and I don’t really need it. 

I don’t want to tell my friends, I’m sure they have a lot to deal with too in their lives and I don’t want to scare them away. It’s not like therapy anyways where they’re bound by law not to tell anybody. 

I don’t know what to do. I don’t feel good. 