I ruined a relationship with someone truly special because of who I am, I can’t do this anymoreI recently went through a breakup with my girlfriend very suddenly, it was really emotional and has put me in a really bad place. 

I was made redundant from my job at the end of last month, my grandparents are both very ill and in hospital, I was in a car crash the week I was made redundant and with everything else going on I was a bit of a wreck. I started taking my anti depressants after losing my job but was highly inconsistent.

I had been feeling depression for a couple days leading up to the incident but I never really addressed it, just felt awful.

Me and my ex had been having some issues ever since I got laid off, I became more controlling, jealous, would create arguments from nothing and I’d say got more dependant on her for my happiness because I felt it was the only place I was getting it.

We went away for a weekend and we argued a lot when we were there, I constantly nit picked at things like her social media and why she didn’t want to take pictures etc it was all just me feeling self conscious about myself and in turn took that out on her.

I tried to make the effort to be better and fix things but I just kept creeping up with arguments, being distant and feeling not good enough.

It all came to a head on Sunday the 13th, we were out having a really good day, I picked her up from her house and she was gonna spend the night at mines. We went back to mine after spending the day out playing mini golf, I was about to make her dinner when she asked if she could go home because her friend wanted to see her and was going to a party where she knew no one and wanted her to go with her an support her.

I freaked out, I don’t know why, I just did. We had the biggest argument we ever had, I told her how much she hurt me by doing that, by suggesting that, I broke down was hysterical and crying. She wanted to see me another day; wanted to fix things and was reassuring me it was fine but I just wouldn’t listen. I was acting manipulative, dropped her off and told her she was better off without me and that she had abandoned me for her friend. 

I felt awful, I hated myself realising that I was holding her back, I felt that she was happier without me and phoned her, she was trying to reassure me and talk to me and so was her friend but the idea that she had been talking to her friend about us just set me off. I got so self conscious that I freaked out. Told her how disrespectful she was being and that I didn’t want to see her anymore. She paused said “ok” and hung up.

I freaked out more, blew up her phone realising what I had just done, she told me I really was scaring her and I was hysterical crying drove all the way to her house but she wasn’t home, broke down in front of her parents telling them what I was going through and what I had done and in the mix of it all told them personal things about her that she wanted to keep secret, things about her feeling suicidal.

This really upset her mom.

I stayed the night at Hers, she came home drunk upset and said we would talk about it in the morning but it would all be fine.

The next morning came and I knew it wasn’t, she said she didn’t know and that I’d really hurt her. I was crying my eyes out saying I knew how much I messed up, that I wanted to fix things and show her I can change, I’d go to therapy, fix my medication and change it all.

3 days later she phoned me saying she just couldn’t because I’d hurt her too much and that her friends and family all agree I’m not good for her.

I dropped her stuff off and we talked for an hour, I was a wreck, she cried and I cried, begging her to give me this chance and to not give up on me until I give it my all but she said I hurt her too much to believe I can change any of it.

I apologised so many times over and over but it just never changed anything.

I’ve been an emotional wreck ever since, talked to her a few times but it’s not the same. 

I am going to therapy and doing things to better myself but every single day is filled with thoughts of her, what I did, why I did it and the regret I have from it.

I messaged her yesterday saying that I just couldn’t be friends with her because I like her too much and that I had to remove her on social media, if she ever wanted to fix things or work them out she could text me. She said she was sorry that I felt that way and that she understood.

I feel so awful everyday for everything I did, 

I was so controlling, over bearing and just not good to her. She truly does deserve better and hope she finds it, I deserve the place I’m in now with everything.

I feel worthless and like my life has just dropped itself all on me at once. I hate myself so much and everyday is so unbelievably hard.