Just looking for some support.I realize that compared to a lot of the people here my life is pretty peachy. I've got a 100 grand scholarship to a university I love and I've got quite a bit of friends, but I can't seem to get these suicidal thoughts out of my head. Even though on a surface level it appears as if I've succeeded in life, my success with girls is ridiculously terrible. I know it seems immature that my suicidal thoughts are based on that but just let me continue. Ever since I was a kid I tried to put myself out there romantically with girls, but literally every time I feel like I might actually find someone it all comes crashing down. Example(s): Had a crush on a girl for 2 years, asked her out on facebook a year in, she never responded until a few months ago where she accepted. I set up a whole picnic and everything (I thought it was my first date) and we went out for coffee a few times after that. Little did I know she was under the impression that these were "friend dates" and basically everything I thought was going right was a lie. This has happened again and again, and even though I keep on trying no matter what nothing seems to go right with my social/romantic life. Every time I feel like I'm finally close to having SOMETHING with anyone, something ridiculous backfires and I'm left in the dust. Either the girl gets a boyfriend while we are seeing each other, or I say something slightly wrong and I never see her again, or something else that is equally stupid. It just feels like the world is out to get me, especially considering that by all accounts I'm pretty attractive and charming. I don't have low self-esteem, but I feel dreadfully lonely almost all the time and I just feel this emptiness/pain in my heart any time I think about the idea of a relationship. This lack of luck has caused me to fall into a pretty deep depression and I feel like my luck will never look up. As I said earlier, I know this is minor especially compared to a lot of these posts but a suicidal thought is a suicidal thought and I just sort of feel hopeless. It is even worse when the girls that I'm friend-zoned with (completely fine with it, not complaining about the friend-zone) continually question why I don't have a girlfriend, saying that it doesn't make sense why girls aren't all over me. All that does is make me feel worse, because it just feels like I can't even change anything anymore. I'm apparently good looking, I dress well, I play the guitar, the piano, and the trumpet, I'm apparently charming, but no matter what I do no girl has ever even looked at me like I'm anything but genderless. I just don't even feel like I'm a guy anymore.... Anyways, the pain was getting to be too much to handle as far as simply going about day to day things without crumpling up into a pain-ball so I was hoping I could get some words of encouragement. Thanks to those who read all this immature childish shit I wrote.