How do I break up with my partner of almost a decade without destroying her?  

My life partner got a raise on top of the more money than me she already makes, and I’m sitting here drinking my fourth drink, and sixth cigarette in a row. The only achievement I have is not being a drug addict for a week and a half, and that’s not even successful as I just turn to other vices.

She deserves way more that this degenerate loser who she’s only with because she has been with him for the past decade almost. She deserves far more and the friends she has are doing far better than me and I know objectively, she would be better with them.

The only quality she pretends I have is I’m the only one she’s attracted to, and I’m failing at that as well. Besides my social failures, I can’t even provide the one thing that I thought I had on everyone else with a wildly bipolar libido and physical, sexual dysfunction.

It’s not jealousy, I’m extremely proud and happy for her, and she desperately tries to do the same, but regardless of how much effort she puts in, it is wasted on me.

I love her so much, and that’s why I need to stop being an anchor. She’s so good to me that even when I try to push her away, she does everything she can, even sacrifice her own mental health to provide support. 

I wish I never asked her out. It would have been better for her. I took advantage of her vulnerability as a self-conscious teen by putting myself in the position of being the one person she should be able to rely on.

I wish I was strong enough to break it off and give her the freedom she deserves, but I’m so scared.

Scared that my screw up will scar her for life. Scared that she will blame herself. Scared other people will blame her when it’s pure and simple she is too good to me and for me and deserves so much more.

But instead I sit here and wallow in my sorrow, mentally incapable of being what she needs and what she signed up for. She has been nothing but amazing and supportive, but there is only so long that you should care for a plague carrier before you cut it off and end it.

I thought maybe, even if I wasn’t the ideal partner, I could make it up with financial support to ensure she got to live a full and happy life, but even that simple aspect I’m a pathetic cretin who can’t manage my side of the deal. I don’t even have job security because of my idiotic and extensive drug use.

I’ve been feeling very depressed and suicidal, which is why I originally got on the drugs in the first place, but I’m at an impasse where I can’t do them because I need a job and I almost can’t do my job because I’m constantly being a selfish prick and bringing everyone else down. I’m even an anchor at work because my co-workers, who are always far too nice, are far better at the role and have to support me with every other task I do.

I just really need to know how to save the person I love by leaving them without mentally destroying them and spreading my filthy plague to their beauty. I think saving her from me, could even be a good way of saving myself since a lot of my negativity comes from dragging down a person I deeply care about, but I know would be better without me.