Why Stay?  

I attempted to take my own life a few weeks ago… and then spent over a week in the hospital trying to get mentally better. 

I felt like I was making progress. I felt like I was becoming more in tune with myself and feeling mentally prepared for life. 

I am not happy with who I am or the mistakes I have made in the past… so I have continued to go to therapy to try and change that… to love myself. 

But it’s not working. Nothing is.

Every time something goes wrong, I just am right back at the giving up stage.

This weekend I made a mistake. I made plans with two different people and had to bail on one of them. I had a very tough decision to make due to my personal relationships with each of them, and I picked one over the other. I made a mistake. The person I chose to hang out with never would have left my life or blamed me for this mistake… yet the one I didn’t pick, did. 

I found out today that he had to cut off all ties with me… and it hurts me because of how much that person means to me.

I don’t have any more fight in me.. all I wanted to do is drive to my friend and beg for them to change their mind. But I didn't. I just let them give up. Because I feel like I am giving up. Losing this friend put me right back in the deep end.

  
I know it seems petty because I am leaving out a lot of details, but whether or not this person is toxic or a decent person and I am the toxic one is irrelevant… my point is that I went right back to wanting to commit suicide. 

If I have to live the rest of my life like this, what’s the point?

I don’t have my parents support or love, and now I have lost someone who I thought was going to help me get through that. Once again, I am lost, alone and hopeless. 

I know life could easily turn around and could be amazing… I just really don’t know if I can hold on.

I want to know what keeps you from giving up… what motivates you to keep breathing and keep up hobbies. Even when you’re at your lowest and all you feel is tears behind your eyes… and that feeling of hurt in your stomach… what helps drive you to live another day?