I’m 15 and I’m done fighting backI don’t have anywhere else to put it but I attempted last night and will probably do it again today so in case that happens I wanted to put this here:


Hi there. If you’re reading this I’m dead, or dying in a hospital. I don’t think of life as a recyclable thing. Once you’re done, you’re done. I think this because I hope for this. I’ve already had enough weight in my life crush me into a pulp, soaking into the cement. Even though this turn of events was triggered by something very small, the manifesto wasn’t set in motion by it. It was (redacted) who broke my heart, (redacted) who broke my spirit, but whoever’s reading this is the one who broke my soul. I’d like to apologize to my mother, but I have nothing left to say. Self pity is a terrible, terrible thing. I don’t like to daydream about how she let me marinate in my own misery for a mind-raping amount of years, just watching it all happen. A shame that this life of hers is falling apart around her, as it did for me. I guess that’s how the world works. I love my sister, but I’m afraid that she’ll be the one to find this. She deserves the world. The world that she lives in. She deserves to drop that stupid boyfriend of hers and live a happy life. She’s the most innocent one out of all of us anyhow, a yellow and white rose compared to two charred piles of petals and stem. what about the children? What about the world? What about the music that I’ll never sing and clothes I’ll never buy and the paintings I’ll never paint? Who’s fault is this? Will I ever find comfort in the afterlife? what if the world of hellbunny will forever live inside my head while it was still pumping oxygen, forever sealed away on my forearm as the skin and ink disintegrate into the ground? These are all questions that I don’t have answers to. Some problems, like all art, are supposed to forever be question marks. Maybe I’m not trans, maybe all of this is a dream. Maybe you’ll read this and wake up. Maybe death is an afterthought in the grand scheme of existence. Maybe rape and murder and death and depravity are the punctuation marks on the phrases and words and conjectures of my life. This life I’ve led. It’s met a predictable end. I doubt I’ll be in a better place, after all, theres no rest for the wicked. What a cliche thing to say. I’m sorry mom, and I’m sorry truly. It’s like Jaime Lannister said, I’m born selfish and ill die selfish. That’s just the natural order of things.I don’t care with what you do with everything else. Just save the art. That’s the last thing I ever put my soul into, that’s where the energy lives. I want to be cremated and have my ashes either spun into a glass globe, or planted in the middle of gearhart beach, where there was solitude. Or in the koolai mountains in Hawaii. Preferably gearhart. Spread everything I’ve ever created as far and wide as possible. My pain will not go unnoticed in death, I’ve fought too hard and lost too much in life to be silenced. I’ve dropped the barbells after a mind-numbingly heavy battle of simply resting them on my shoulders. There’s only so much I could ever take. At least I’ll go being sober, the last shred of dignity I managed to hold onto. I love you mom, I love you truly, but most of all, I hate. I hate and I hate and I hate until there’s nothing left to hate, nothing left to look at, nothing left to breath in. clandestine. clandestine. clandestine.