It's not getting betterI've been holding onto the phrase "it gets better, I promise" for a long time now. I have BPD and I've been depressed for 14 out of my 19 years, and I don't think I can hold on for much longer. 
Mediocrity and happiness are my biggest fears. I'm scared of getting better emotionally, but I break down every time I fail at something, and being someone unremarkable and ordinary hurts me so much. I have been physically, emotionally, and mentally abused my whole life, I've been the buffer between my younger sister and my parents for as long as I can remember, hugging her while they scream at each other, standing in the middle when they try to hit her, screaming and scratching at my mother when she actually does. And I don't expect it from her to commend me for it, but my younger sister hates me too. And it hurts, it hurts. I hate having no talents, no intelligence, no looks, nothing that makes me worthy of anything. I'm directionless and tired, I don't have a purpose. I tried so hard this year, I put in so much work, I studied and researched for a moot court and I still didn't clear the preliminary round. And I've been trying for three years now. I'm not good at law, I'm not good at anything that I take up. I'm so tired. 
I had no friends until college, and the ones I have now wouldn't give a shit if I died. I've been called a slut, a whore, a drug addict by people who don't even know me. People talk about what a failure I am behind my back, and it shows on everyone's face that they don't want anything to do with me. My boyfriend really tried to help even though he hasn't dealt with mental illness before. I feel like I'm dragging him down with me because he's destined for something great, and I'm not getting anywhere in life. I am tired of being compared to everyone constantly, to be called a whore, to be called easy, to deal with my memory of physical and mental abuse by my parents, and my sexual and mental abuse by my ex boyfriend. I'm tired of not being as good as anyone else, for people who have done and gotten away with the bad things that they have done to me, to be successful and happy in their lives. It feels unfair that people like that get to have the thing I so desperately want.  I had started going to a psychiatrist and therapist recently, but my mother guilted me so much about the money she was spending on me that I started ignoring the doctor and the therapist and stopping my medication. So even treatment didn't work out.
I feel like the only solution for me is to slowly distance myself from everyone, to break up with my boyfriend, to create a rift between me and everyone so that I feel less guilty about killing myself. Especially my boyfriend, because he's been the loveliest thing that has ever happened to me, and I want him to do better than this. He deserves better. I want it so that no one really cares after I'm gone, I want to do something so bad and reckless that they cut me off on their own so that I can just die in peace. Before I die, I want there to be a secure future for my boyfriend. Before I leave, I want him to find another girl and for his YouTube channel to pick up so he can move on quickly. I want him to be successful and happy and forget about me.