how to get through a suicidal phase?i'm a 19 year old girl and i've had major bouts of situational depression since 2014. all the terrible (and extremely long) periods of misery i went through i survived without ever considering suicide. in fact, every time the thought came into my head i'd cry because back then i valued my life too much. however, with my most recent fuck-up of bad luck and events, i'm thoroughly done. life has a sick way of continually bringing back toxic people from my past to jeopardise every thing that's good in my life. after years of bullying, ostracisation, sadness, loneliness, anger, bitterness and shitty circumstances i am legitimately SICK of all the bullshit and, for the first time ever, have let my life turn to ruins.

now i've been majorly depressed before, but never suicidal. the past 3-4 months have been absolute HELL; i've never experienced so much pain, regret, anger and heartbreak altogether on a daily basis. i've cried practically every day and am failing in all aspects of life: mentally, physically, socially, academically and financially. before, i'd usually mess up in about 2 of those aspects, but now its ALL OF THEM. idk how to handle it. failure is something i can't accept - i'd literally die rather than fail my studies or fall behind on life in general. i already feel like a gigantic disappointment/burden to my family, friends, myself and God. i'm just one small tiny person and have no fucking support system at all. i feel like the world is caving in on me everyday and i've fantasised about my death for months. i'v written a long ass suicide note and everything, but i still want to live. i just don't know how to cope. death seems like the only way to stop the pain. i know for a fact, that what i really need and have yearned for all these years is a closely-knit group of friends (or bestfriend) that can support me, have my back and that i can create memories and do fun things with. that's what i've lost and all i've wanted.

so, i've come here to ask: how do i manage? continue? cope? as grossly narcissistic and superficial as this sounds, one of the only things keeping me going is that i'm smart, pretty and funny, so maybe some magic guy will come into my life, fall in love w me and save me. but life aint a movie.