I didn't want to go too sooner, but my plans got interrupted.I must get all of my final thoughts, wishes, words, everything about me into the notebook as soon as I can before I go. I don't know if I will do it. I'm scared. I thought I had some extra time left, and maybe I do if I am not a wimp and I can get through the midterm exams. but honestly why fucking bother. why fucking bother going on. I thought 2020 was going to be the best year of my life and here I am. I know I'm most likely going to have to stay back to make up work in the summer or stay back a grade and fall behind everyone. 

the reason why I don't put in a lot of effort into anything anymore is because it wont matter in the future. it wont matter because I WONT BE HERE. I dont want to be here. i want to exist someplace else. I want to find peace someplace else. anything I do now wont matter in the future. 

I was going to kill myself on the 30th, however the midterm exam things start on January 24. well, that actually might give me enough time to celebrate 2 things now that I think about it.  on the 21st ill be celebrating my 3 month anniversary with my gf and on the 25th ill be celebrating my 4 year friendship anniversary with a pretty close friend.

I still don't know how I'm going to do it though. all I know is that once I feel content with all of the info I have written down in my notebook and said my goodbyes then that is when I will do it, I just don't know how or if I will. my preferred way would be quick, easy, and painless. and out of my house maybe. I know it probably wont end that well. I know it's probably going to be long and extremely painful or I may even fail or not even get far and chicken out of the whole thing. honestly if I think realistically about this whole thing it's probably going to end up with me in the hospital for a long time or me getting in an extreme amount of trouble if I get caught. I might overdose, try to cut deep into my veins (which I know is probably the worst and most painful/slow thing you could do), try to run away and hang myself in a forest (which was an old plan but ill probably fail at that one too). whatever I do I just hope it knocks me out forever.

I'll be carrying my notebook with me when I die of course. ill be fucked if I forgot.  

so, because my plans were interrupted, I'm thinking I could go ahead and reschedule to the 26th (a Sunday) or right on the 27th, day 2 of the exams. I don't know how I would be able to do it in school. I know I would do it in the handicapped/private bathroom. I think if I did it in school I would go to where I meet my gf and our other friends for the last time, make sure I say some good things, etc. hopefully not making it too obvious that they go to a teacher before I get to eternal peace. if that works out, I would skip homeroom and immediately find the open bathroom. my plan in there is probably to just let myself painfully bleed out. 

these are just some things I needed to get out of my brain. help is not necessary for me from anyone right now but it is appreciated. I apologize for it being so long. if anyone read all of that I thank you.