I cannot escape the thoughtsI have been saving myself through faith and the promise of a better future, it has been failing me hard as of lately.

I am in my mid 30’s and have carried the sentiment that I am not meant for this world since I first noticed I was different than the others around me(probably 9-12 years old).

I spent years drugging myself in a frantic attempt to rid myself of myself. 20 years of being high every day all day. on 2/20/20 I finally found a way to quit, all was well but I feel that was a temporary boost and now I find myself purely hating myself.

The simple statements can be made; I don’t know how to cope with this, I cannot imagine my entire life being this way, It would seem preferable to end it, I have no one, doctors don’t understand and I have spent years in counseling, I cannot escape myself, The ones who do seem to like me wind up unable to carry my burden and abandon me, I have been such a kind and humble man for so long and it has merited me nothing, I refuse to indulge in hatred of others but I hate myself more than anything, I cannot stop the rambling in my head, I would rather die than go back to “cheating” (drugs), I have been on medication for years but this week is breaking me, I feel like an imposter pretending to be happy so others will interact with me, I cannot see my future anymore, I am in solitude, Everyone thinks I am just looking for attention, I had to hide the bolt from my rifle in my safe, Making my knuckles bleed no longer helps, The distractions aren’t working anymore, My job doesn’t last long enough, Benadryl only works for a few days, alcohol makes things worse, The people I love forsake me because I am too much of a hassle. 

I plead with my maker to help me through this but I am lost. I spend most nights waiting for my parent to die so I can end my life without hurting them. The only person who deserves to be hurt is me. I am so alone and so many years have passed.

I just want to live for someone who wants to live for me.

Why the fuck am I on reddit, I am so pathetic.