My love, Nate, I'm giving up - I'm sorryPrenote:  I apologize in advance for a lack of formatting and rambling and the fact I haven't verified my account or anything.  I don't plan on staying long. 


I'm a nineteen year old female who lives with her mother, although I wish otherwise. I've been in the fostercare system twice but was returned back home as I was sixteen the first time, seventeen the next.  

The first time was because I took a bottle of pills to school and overdosed in an attempt to kill myself in the girls bathroom that no one usually used.  I was taken to the ER and given charcoal to drink in my barely conscious state.  (Somehow charcoal liquefied nullifies such) CPS came and decided since they had been in my life several times before, I would be taken to a place that's a holder for teenagers who are too mentally unstable or too old to be in a normal home.

Second, me and mother fought.  She called the police and I was again, put in a placement (as it's called).  I was returned home at age eightteen.  

When I returned home, I was gifted with a gaming system and the news we'll be losing the house.  I waited. I asked "Mum, can I get an ID?" She never took me to get an ID.  I wanted to work, so we could at least eat a bit better.  As time went on, I secluded myself in my room.  I hated myself, constantly crying then going numb.  My depression was worse than it had ever been and I cut again for the first time in 5 years.  Mum started encouraging me to kill myself, along with her but I have to go first.  

I stuck to this gaming system and made friends.  I grew to care about them, where I don't even care about myself.  I had a few friend groups over time but as things go, they fell apart so no surprise.  

Fast forward a bit, I made a new friends group and am dating one of the members.  He knows most of what's going on.  What NO ONE ever knew was mum had us living in filth.   I mean absolute filth.  I couldn't even shower and I wanted to.  I felt disgusting.  I felt pathetic.  I cut.  It was relief.

Now we're in a motel, me and mum.  On the 28th, from my understanding, if Salvation Army doesn't help get housing by then, we'll be in our car.  My DID is out of control, my anxiety is 24/7, and the cigarette smoke is giving me asthma attacks.  I'm still being told to kill myself and I'm giving in.  I've needed to go to the hospital for a menstrual issue for over two weeks and I'm scared.  Nothing is getting done and I have no hope left.  I've been through too much and there's more I haven't typed as I've wasted your time more than enough.  

I only hope my love will forgive me for not hugging him in person like we planned. 

Forgive me babu.








