Why do people lie and say they care when they don’t?I’ve become such a horrible and bitter person. I know this. I know it must be hard to care for me, (I have BPD, I’m at least self-aware enough to know that I can be the problem) and I do my best to manage symptoms, but fuck. I’m constantly torn between people are just trying to protect themselves, just like we all do, and expecting that people should care about me. But I also realize I can be toxic with negativity. I’m trying though, I’m trying so fucking hard and it’s never good enough!!!
I’ve been depressed since I was 13, been on so many different fucking medications, been in and out of the hospital for suicide attempts 3 times, no wonder I’m depressed!! No wonder I can be a negative person!! I have no friends anymore, I’ve dropped out of college twice and lost all of my academic scholarships, I’ve lost my job, I’ve gained 50 pounds, I have self-harm scars and stretch marks all over my body (I’m 21 and it looks like I’ve been pregnant), and above all, music was my saving grace and I can’t even muster the energy to do that anymore. And then after all of that, I had to be assaulted in a room full of people, with someone who I thought was a friend since I was 12. A “friend” who sat by and did nothing. And when we ran into each other recently, she noted that I’ve disappeared off all social media and promised to reach out. That was months ago. No follow up at all. Not even a hint of apology for the friend that she watched strip me naked and abuse in front of her. I’ve cut, burned, and starved my body before, but at least it was mine to abuse. At least it belonged to me. Now I don’t even own my own body. It’s a fucking prison, and I want out.


How long do I have to fight this???? Why do I have to fight this for the rest of my life???? It’s like every time I take a step forward, I take 3 steps back. My dad offed himself when I was 14, so who’s to say that I won’t do the same thing decades from now? Why can’t I just cut out decades of suffering? This sounds horrible, because Id never wish this on anyone, but I wish he’d done it decades earlier so I wouldn’t have even been born. If I weren’t so scared of failing and being hospitalized again, and then having to pay money I don’t have for the “privilege” of being kept alive against my will but most likely disfigured, I would’ve shot myself. Or driven into a tree. 

No one cares about me. No one cares about any of us here. No one cares until you’re dead. I wish I had the strength to just fucking end it already.