My ex has told me they're planning on killing themselves and I don't know what to do 

*(gender neutral pronouns to conceal identities)*

This is a lot longer than I had anticipated, and I'm so sorry but I wanted to give a proper background to everything. I hope it makes sense and isn't too hard to read.

My X &amp; I were together for 3 and a half years. Up until last year, we were engaged to be married. Both X and I have a history of mental health problems, and X has been sectioned for theirs several times. Both of us have numerous suicide attempts under our belt.

In August, we had a fight. Alcohol was involved, and it got messy on both of our parts. It got physical, on both sides, but X came off worse. We spoke about it afterwards, agreeing that it was a horrible mistake but that we would move on and fix the problems.

Long story short, the problems weren't fixed. X left me late last year, citing that argument as a reason for leaving, which was entirely fair. At the time, they said some truly awful things that I don't want to get into because they're not hugely relevant, but basically X was being unnecessarily vicious.

I had a feeling at the time X had met someone else. They initially lied but I was correct. X &amp; I cut off all contact, blocked each other everywhere, and both moved on with our lives.

Fast forward to last month, I get a text from X that they want to meet up &amp; reconcile to be friends. We have a lot of mutual friends still, so I agreed. Turns out X &amp; their new partner (who I'll refer to as Z) had split up.

X &amp; Z work in the same place, this is relevant.

X told me they left Z because they missed me. Z was controlling, and one of Z's children had been stealing from X. When they broke up, Z apparently went 'psycho' (which I can attest to - they would call X in the middle of the night, turn up at X's house ***and*** my house looking for X - etc...). Z said horrible things to X, really affecting their mental wellbeing.

X &amp; I have a nice few weeks where we hang out, go on some dates &amp; generally test the water. All was going well.

One day, out of nowhere, X blocks me again. They had previously said that they wanted some time to "think about things" which I respected and agreed to. I email X asking if they've blocked me to help clear their head, or whether they actually wanted me out of their life again.

I get an email back several days later, basically saying that X had decided to make a go of things with Z. X was sorry to have messed me around. I didn't reply.

2 days after this, I get another email from X. It says that the day they blocked me, X tried to kill themselves. Z happened to go to X's house on this day, and stopped them from doing it. Z made X email me because Z "didn't want to be in constant competition with me", but X later felt bad about this hence the second email.

X &amp; I start talking again after they block Z. Again, we go on a few nice dates and have made plans to go away together next weekend.

Yesterday, X comes to my house and breaks down, saying they're going to kill themselves. Z has been making X's life hell. X has been forced to move to a different store at work because Z has been making things difficult. Z says their kids hate X for what X has done. X, as mentioned, has a history of mental health problems and has made plans to commit suicide.

Today, X &amp; I talked some more and more things came out. X said that Z had called them a "disappointment" which only cemented the idea that X should be dead. Z &amp; X slept together one night last week, the night before X &amp; I first slept together again. This is why Z made X block me, because they found out. Z knows exactly what kind of mental state X is in but says horrible things to X anyway, essentially kicking them while they're down. X tells me that they don't think they actually want to get back together with me, but that they're "lonely". X said they loved Z more than they have ever loved anyone. X has planned to commit suicide after we had got back from our weekend away next week.

I'm the only one who knows. I know X better than anyone and I know that X isn't lying. I'm upset because X lied to me about wanting to get back together and I'm upset because I feel like I've been made a fool of. I'm angry at Z for how she's treated X since their breakup, knowing X has mental health issues. Z has been spiteful, vindictive and downright hateful.

X has made it very clear to me that they want to end their life on their terms. X has said they're fed up of hurting people and disappointing people. I've tried to talk them round for the past few days but nothing is working. X is pissed at Z for "taking away their right" to commit suicide for turning up at the house and stopping them.

As someone who's gone through this myself I understand completely where X is coming from. X says it's their right to take their own life if they wish. However I really don't want them to. I truly think that things can get better. I've lost friends to suicide, and I've got friends who attempted it and came out the other side happier than before.

I could tell X's parents or friends. I could call the police/mental health team here. But given X's history they may section them again. If X does go through with it I'll have to spend my whole life knowing I might have been able to stop it, but X would never forgive me.

I really don't know what to do. Advice/opinions would be hugely appreciated