Lonely and depressed.I was hesitant to post here because I was planning on going into more detail but worried that someone I know might connect the dots leading it back to me.  

I'm came to the point where I realized that I've been alone my whole life. "You get what you give" mentality. I care a lot but I don't show it. 
I was raised by baby sitters almost my entire childhood. 
I grew up not learning much from my parents about anything. I got involved with bad kids leading to stupid thinking.  
My mom and dad 'love' me but they never show it to me. and I am today thinking that is what love is. Just thinking of them but not showing it. This really made my heart ache. This really hurt me in the long run because I feel in love with this beautiful, strong women. A princess with wings that soar through the heavens. A type of girl that make me want to sprint 10 miles smiling into the sunset without gasping for air.  I'm so proud of the things shes done that made the women she is today. It kind of made me feel better in my heart and danced a lot due to it but the problem for me was that I wasn't taking action due to the my heart locked in a cage from all this worry thoughts. Months have passed of me trying to man up and ask her which i did eventually but the train has passed.. Just imagine trying to catching up to a train sprinting fast as you can but never reaching it and when the next stop comes....  A guy with absolutely no experience wanting to be with a girl with more experience than my entire life. Sad right?  How do I love when I've myself never felt what real love is. Not just thinking of them love but holding them in your arms love. I think of it like this.. trying to lift 100 lb dumbbells when you can only lift 30lbs. She gave up on me and I didn't deserve her love. 
 I think about someday having a beautiful, loving wife that loves me and never give up on me even in the roughest times and me doing the same for her 10x. Strong beautiful children that I would hope to one day experience them getting married, having children, etc. I'm 20 years old and thinking about these kind of stuff, Haha
 All i want in life is my business to rock, a women that loves me, buds that are funny and have my back, and many many movie nights. But snap back into reality i'm a nobody losing this game of life, not even plateauing I'm just going down. Recessions has shown to be followed up by a bull. But not if you're sears just heading to doom. (i'm not funny) How the hell am i supposed to do any of that from such a weakling. 
Im sorry. 




