My Pathetic brooding.Most of my suicidal desires stem from my intense hatred for myself, and when you look at me there is really no denying that I deserve to have a shotgun forced into my mouth. 

During the new year, I asked my workplace if they could give me the quarter off, because I assumed that I would be too busy with the internship that one of the courses required. I work at McDonald's and they have plenty of people and constantly move people around so this wasn't an issue at all. Well turns out I am even shittier than I thought because I failed to get that internship, so I transferred out of the class, which literally saved my life, if another student didn't tell me it was possible to do so, I would be dead right now. However, I never contacted my work telling them I was free. My quarter ended two weeks ago and now with this covid shit I don't even know if I can go into the lobby to ask. What terrifies me the most is going there and seeing who has left in my absence and re-socializing with everyone else. Now that my suicidal desires have increased since the new year, I can't be the same person that left there. I am much more depressed and unhappy, which keeps me from going back to work, which makes me even more unhappy. I don't even know if its worth it because I am planning on killing myself by graduation this year.
I know this is pretty fucking pathetic, I know more than anyone else that the only thing I deserve is a bullet through the head. Which makes my life so fucking miserable, I have a supportive family that takes care of me financially and put me through college. This makes me hate myself even more because I should be succeeding and yet I can't stop cutting myself. My biggest failure is probably my 10 failed attempts at ending my life. I don't own a firearm so I have to kill myself by other means, the easiest of which is jumping off of a high place, because I live near the tallest bridge on the west coast of the US. However, every time i try I always lose my nerve, either in the middle of the drive over, or the 10 minute walk to the bridge from the nearest parking. 
All of this makes me want to cut myself but I can't do that because that will for sure make it so that I can't work because the scars would be off putting to customers, so I have been robbed of my main release for these feelings. 

I'm not even sure what I expect from writing this, but the stress was getting to me today, so I thought I would right it down. 

Tl;dr: Someone please put a bullet through my head, it's what I deserve.