I feel alone and lonelyI don’t know how to start this, I haven’t been opening up about my depression for quite a while because most of the time I’ve always felt so misunderstood from others and that people always think it’s for the attention. It’s not. I’ve never been invited to parties or ever really hung out with people. Pretty much all of my entire life I’ve always felt like an outcast to “friends” and family.

From my elementary to the beginning of my high-school years, I was always seen as the “weird” kid that nobody wanted to hang out with. At times I would often make a fool out of myself just to get attention from people. I thought it was cool to make friends if I were to make people laugh with me but they were actually laughing at me. I really thought I had friends at the time, but I didn’t realize that later on when I was at high-school.

I couldn’t really describe the things I did because most of them were pretty embarrassing, so let’s not get to that. 

High-school was when things took a turn. Ever since my first “heartbreak,” I realized how alone I was. I tried to ask out a girl but ended up making myself look bad from it. It got worse because the attention that I received from it turned out to be negative and the girl didn’t want to do anything with me. I’ve never felt so rejected ever for the first time in my life. It hurts. The fact that she thought of me as a weird person made it even worse. It was hard to deal with this feeling. I really needed someone to talk to about this.

At times I even tried to open up to friends about my depression and it didn’t work out. Friends would often say I’m doing it for the attention or that I’m just too weird to talk to. I even told my “best friend” about this and he said the same. In fact he even tried to ask her out in front of me which made it even worse. Not only that, but every time I would open up to him about my personal secrets (from self-harm to even things going on in my life) he would literally tell all of his friends about it even though I tell him not to.  Some were even embarrassing secrets as well and he still ended up telling all of his friends about it. And what’s worse is that all of his friends were on his side. My best friend at the time would often text my crush behind my back and would often always make plans without me. Idk, typing all of this hurts and I’ve never felt so betrayed, even from my own best friend. That’s when I realized I really had no friends. I remember the times when I sat by myself in class, ate lunch alone at the library and even to the point of eating lunch in the restroom. 

Home wasn’t even that great either. Lived with super strict parents (at the time, they aren’t as strict anymore but I’m still traumatized from it).  They wouldn’t let me go outside, hang out with friends, and disliked the fact that I played too much video games to the point where they grounded me from my computer. Video games were my coping mechanism, as they distract myself from the 💩 that I had to deal with from reality. The fact that they took it away just made it really worse for myself. I had nothing to do at the time. All I really wanted to do was cry as I sleep. 

My parents were really hard on me and would always call me a failure because I play too much video games. I remember the times I tried to hug my mom and she would push herself away from me. My mom would also tell relatives bad things about me like how I would always argue with her and how I never do my work at school. This is also one of the big reasons why I never talk to my relatives and I always felt alone whenever I go to the gatherings. I’m already used to the feeling of being pushed away from others so it doesn’t really phase me anymore.

Fortunately I was able to graduate high school with a 4.1 GPA on my own and got accepted to a decent university. Even then, I still have no one to open up to about my thoughts and still keep it to myself. Sometimes it hurts, but I’m already used to it. For the most, I still find myself alone, but I’m doing much better now for sure.

Once I graduate from college, I’m going to move away as far as possible and never look back.

Edit: sorry if my story is too long, these are just things I never opened up to people about. I know some parts may sound cringey, but I tried my best lol