I really just need some one to tell me things will be okay. i'm 20 years old. I have a 2 year old son. On and off from when he was born i've struggled with depression. Last year everything picked up and my life was wonderful, i had a lovely boyfriend an amazing son and a job. My job wasn't an amazing job, it was working in a news agents, but i really loved it.
On the 18th of November 2012 i was made redundant.
As i was working for a friends family, they sort of took advantage of me since i started - Paying me less than minimum wage, no lunch break that sort of thing. So naturally i didn't receive any redundancy pay, nore did i receive my last weeks pay. I had to move back in with my mother when this happened, she has taken over everything in relevance to my son. My son doesn't like to spend time with me anymore as he would rather be with his grandmother (my mum) and she is becoming spoilt and extemly difficult to handle when she isn't there. 
I still have a boyfriend, but he treats me like shit. He talks down to me and is constantly starting srguments with me at every single thing i say. However when we are around other people, he's lovely to me. Like he doesnt want anyone to know he's a bit of a twat. I can't bare the thought of breaking up with him as i love his friends. I don't have any of my own and they're really great people. 
My day to day life has became e series of nothing after nothing, i'm filling up my days with sitting around wishing i could run away and start my life again and sitting sround just waiting for the hours to pass so i can go to bed and do exactly the same thing the next day. It sounds awfull, and beleive me i feel the guilt for feeling this way but i wish i had never became a mother. I'm finding it hard to feel any affection for anyone in my life not just my son. Infact i'm finding it hard to feel anything atall. I spent hours last night deciding how to end it all. i don't know where to go i don't know where to turn. Like i've said i just need someone to tell me it's going to be okay. 


Edit: I'm sorry if this is all a mish mash of strange information. i just don't really know how to write ot or where to start/end.