My (31M) wife (31F) is likely cheating on me and I want to end my life instead of losing her, my stepdaughter, and dogs.Some background: 

We have been married for about 3.5 years. 

My wife has a daughter (my stepdaughter) who is 5.5 years. I have been with her since the day she was born. I live for her. 

We have two dogs, one a brand new puppy. 

We have a house (only in my wife's name). 

Main story: The wife and I have not been particularly intimate for a long time, probably a year a half. Sex every few months but no much more. I live and die for her and my daughter and I assume almost all of the household duties. We both work full time but when we are home, I do essentially of the cooking, cleaning, laundry, etc. My wife mainly plays with "our" daughter. This has been okay for the most part, but about 3ish months ago my wife starting spending a lot of time with her new friend "P". P is a female, about 3 years younger than us and is what you'd call a "club rat". She drinks heavily almost nightly, goes to clubs all of the time and also does at least a few drugs recreationally. With this, my wife has been out way more often than she ever was during our relationship: going out to clubs, staying out until 2-3am, and meeting up with all kinds of guys along the way. She always made sure to mention that she tells everyone that she is married and that "P" is there to protect her. 

I started to get a little suspicious when I asked about me sometime joining them out for a night at the club or wherever and she seemed to have an excuse everytime about why I shouldn't go. Another thing that made me suspicious was her snapchat especially went from featuring family pics of me, our daughter and dogs to exclusively her and her friend. A regular occurrence is them two kissing on snapchat which is certainly hot for me to see, but not for the countless dudes who I am sure follow her. 

Finally a few nights ago I made the always terrible decision to look through her phone. There wasn't anything incredible on there, but she did make mention of this guy on many occasions in texts to "P". She also had a text from a guy friend of hers saying how much he loved her kisses. 

At this point, I can only assume she's cheating on me with at least one guy and probably more. I feel like a dumbass for not having seen this earlier. I blame myself for not being better I guess. I know I'm not perfect, I know I've done things to hurt her but I don't know if I can go on. 

The real issue in all of this is if I decide to confront her and leave her, I lose my entire life. I'm walking out on my wife, sure. But I am never going to be able to see my daughter again that I've raised for the past 5 and a half years.  I likely will be without both dogs (which is admittedly minor). And of course since I have no legal claim to our home, I'll have to move elsewhere. I make decent money so that last part isn't much of a concern. 

But I feel like I've failed at life. Like, I feel like I've been watching a movie of another person living my life and just cringing at every decision because it's all led to: nothing. I don't think I have the emotional or mental capability to go through this: to get divorced. To lose me wife, my daughter forever. My heart is dead inside. I feel like I simply cannot go on. 

I don't know if anyone has read all of his mumbo jumbo. It's discombobulated and it's late. I simply don't have the strength to start my entire life over at the age of 31. I just wanted to put things out there on electronic paper. I don't know if this has helped but at least someone knows if I end it for myself.