I don't know how to feel about myself.I'll Keep this as anonymous as I can, but I have a wife whom I love very much, she loves and cares about me very much. But I don't understand why I'm the way I am. Mine and her communication isn't the best, and I made a huge mistakewith something I thought she agreed to.. 100% my fault. I'm not sure if I'm 100% Suicidal, but I do wish I could escape, or just simply not be here. I've hurt her before and I hurt her again today very badly and I hate hurting anyonelet alone the woman who's been the best two me. I have step kids whom I love very Much, and I love them all so much. I've always had a good relationship with them..  But I am so down and disappointed with myself because as soon as I almost have everything ok I slipup and do something stupid. I'm worried about her leaving me. Im worried ill never see her again. I just feel like I constantly disappoint her. I used to drink a lot a long timeago And I'm scared if she leaves my ma temptation is to drink and drink and not stop because I hate myself. We usually have a pretty solid relationship, but every nowand then it gets rough. But especially this time. Because of our miscommunication I've betrayed her, and lost her trust, and all over something that wasn't even worth it. I was raped and molested as a kid, had a terrible childhood, her kids do not know we have issues at the moment but I'm afraid if she leaves I'm going to want to drink more than I ever did. I hate hurting people but ever since my terrible childhood I've alwaysfelt this weird disconnect from everything and feel like I don't belong or Like I should even be here. I think I suck, I hate myself, and I do stupid crap. I have always felt unlovable, and I'm even running off the one person who loved me enough to marry me. I don't want anyoneelse, I never hit, yell, call names. I seldom drink if ever at all but if she leaves I'm going to be so sad, fed up, and mad at myselfI just don't know what I'm going to do. And I think I have self control, as I said I haven't had much to drink at all the past few years but the temptation of my past ghost is going to haunt me tonight, especially if I find myselfalone because of my own stupidity.