If you are so 'pro life' maybe you should start caring about lifeOne thing I have found abundant within the 'pro life' crowd (especially the conservative Christians) is that they only care about you when you're in the womb. Once you're born? Fuck you. If you're anything except white, middle class, male, straight, cisgender they look down on you like scum. If you're suicidal, they don't care, pull yourself up by your bootstraps. If you were born poor? You deserve to be poor. If you were raped? Maybe you shouldn't have been such a slut. If you're in debt? budget better/get a better job to pay it off. If you don't treat everything as acceptable or even complain about one single thing? You're a snowflake. If you're on any benefits? You're a leech on society. You get the idea.  
Now technically yes I am 'pro life' myself. As a woman I wouldn't personally get an abortion unless medically necessary, but I don't really hold much control over what other people do with their lives even if it is something I personally don't approve of. But 95% of the other 'pro life' people and how they act is the reason I hate talking about abortion or anything like that because I don't like people thinking I am this super hateful person.  
As a person who has been depressed since about the age of 9-10 and suicidal since about 13, I know the value of a life. I always let people walk all over me because I cared about other people over myself. I hate seeing most other people in pain because I don't want them to feel as I do about myself. When you're suicidal, you are not 'insane' or 'selfish'. When you are suicidal, you are very observant, and you think very careful about what you do and how you treat other people. Most suicidal people are very smart, and intelligence is often a curse more than anything. Death isn't just a very sudden thing that you do and it is almost always pre-meditated over lots of years with consideration for how it will make the rest of the people in your life feel. When you are suicidal you ask questions about the purpose of life, whether there is an afterlife etc.  


People need to change how they see suicide. It's easy to blame the government for it but it's also individual people who need to help other people going through a bad time. Help people just because you can, not just for likes on social media. Start caring about life not just what's growing in the womb. A person shouldn't have to be religious to be a good person, common decency should be universal in every language and religion.