Stepped back of the ledge unfortunatelyI stepped back off the bridge last night. I'd drove half way down the M1 (busy motorway) jumped out my car, for like a solid 30 minutes I stood just leaning on the edge running things over in my mind. I wasn't on the edge for long maybe a minute or two at most, to me it felt like an 10 maybe longer. 

The only reason I couldn't do it was because of the thought of my parents and girlfriend. I know all 3 would be massively heart broken. Yet I feel like I'm just a burden on everyone I know. I recently got a warning at work for a reason which I told them about 3 times on the last 5 months. So I'm worried I'm gonna loose my job. Which basically ruins my life. No job no cash meaning I won't be able to drive to see my girlfriend, who at the moment is one of the only times I'm happy. I know she knows I'm down as well, just being careful not to ask the wrong questions which I love her for yet I'm worried she'll leave me because of this. I just never feel good enough for her. She's amazing in every way and idk I just can't get it out of my mind that she deserves someone better.

My friends have all kinds split off and gone their own ways now they have been at uni for a while. So my social life kinda went into free fall in the last few months and that's is honestly killing me. The few friends I talk to often are online so I can't even do anything irl with them.

With my family I dont even know where to start. I'm barely getting by each month so I'm honestly just another mouth to feed. I know they both love me yet I'm not sure I even feel the same. Up until the last few years I barely considered them my parents. My mums always been busy with work. Normally working like 70 hours weeks with the paperwork she had and my dad worked nights so for most my life I considered my aunt and uncle more my parents than my actual parents. Yet after my aunt died of cancer I just didn't really know what to do. Which has honestly left me with a horrible relationship with them. I barely feel a connection to them yet have so much to thank them for, without them slaving away I would have had a much harder start to life which makes me feel even worse as now I feel like I have thrown that start away. They push me to do more and I want to yet I'm way too scared to take that step. 

With work I mean everyone hates that or at least a good 90% of us do in my eyes. I work in retail and god knows it's a horrid industry constant cuts and more pressure to do more in the same time. A few weeks back I got a written warning about an issue that I had pointed out to my manager 3 times. He even acknowledged that when writing the warning up. Before I moved to where I was working now I was excited I thought I could go for management, noe I'm shit scared I'm gonna loose my job.
Got absolute cunts telling me I look sad at work, unfortunately that's my face i have a bad case of resting bitch face even when I'm enjoying some show I'm watching. 

I never expected at the age of 20 life would be this shit. I had these thoughts but for the last few years I've been ok but this last few months have just killed me. On my way home I stopped in a country road lay by for 3 hours and just cried my eyes out screaming and everything else. Part of me wishes I had jumped or been hit on the way home. What's the point in just carrying on when it's this shit. Sure it might get better eventually but right now I don't even look forward to the future.