Someone read this. Lets shed some light.When I hear about people being depressed and wanting to commit suicide, I totally get it. I understand. I want to kill myself also. I live on the 21st floor and could easily jump off my balcony and be done with it. But I'm a coward. I'm too fucking big of a pussy to do it. Why? Because I know people love me, and I know how much hurt and trouble I would cause. I don't wish that on anyone. No one should have to take on my troubles because I was too much of a bitch to deal with it. My poor mother, what would she do? So why am I depressed? I am truly the scum of the earth. I mean it. This isn't some chemical imbalance bullshit in my head, this is full blown "I'M A DISGUSTING HUMAN BEING". I come from a very poor family and I was severely abused as a child physically and emotionally, along with my mother at the hands of my piece of shit dad. But she is a good European housewife and would never leave him. She was a smart woman, she used to be an engineer back in our country. Now she's a tattered, broken woman with mental issues. I sure ditched her though. I left her for dead back in another city. I couldn't deal with my dad. I treat my only sister, my only family in the world like shit. She has emotional issues of her own but I talk her down, tell her she needs to shape up and be a better person. What a fucking piece of work I am, holy shit. I'm judgemental as fuck. I'm probably the most manipulative and self-centered person you will ever meet. No one knows this though, because I put on a wonderful facade and everyone thinks I'm this really awesome and wise angel. Little do they know that I am using them for whatever I need. I will seriously be whoever the hell you want me to be to get what I want; a friend, a lover, a brother, a mentor. Once I get what I want BOOM, I cut you out like cancer. I cheat on my truly amazing fiancee who has given me everything in the world. He treats me like a king, he is absolutely beautiful looking, and most of all on the inside he is a truly loving, caring, just all around good human being who wants nothing more than to live a happy life and to wish everyone else the same. I love him so much, so god damn fucking much, I would kill for him, but he doesn't know what a piece of shit I am and what I do behind his back. I am evil and disgusting. I take drugs all the time. Alcohol is my favourite because it's cheap, gets me high and is very easy to get. I also like me some blow and MDMA when I can get it. Pills are nice and heroin too but that stuff is expensive and I don't want to get hooked. I like to juggle my addictions so it seems like I don't have any at all. Tricksy hey? I like to lie to myself as much as I lie to everyone else. I treat everyone who loves me like crap, and end up running away from everything I start. Slowly though... I like to make it look like I have my life on track, but I have no goals, no ambitions, no drive. I just want to get fucked and die. Now after all is said and done, I bet I sound pretty smug and proud of the shit I do, right? Now here's the funny part. I feel the remorse. I feel it everyday and I feel it hard. HARD. It's hard to admit that you're a piece of pure scum every single day, and just keep on getting scummier by the minute. I can't look at myself in the mirror without grimacing, and I wince whenever I think of all the shame I'm carrying. Why don't I just stop what I'm doing? Who the fuck knows. I can't. I was brought up to lie I guess. There is no word I can use to describe how much I utterly LOATHE myself. I hate hate hate hate hate hate HATE myself with a rage that is getting stronger by the day. It's getting too much to bear recently. I don't deserve love, I don't deserve happiness, I don't deserve friendships or any of that good stuff. I don't expect anyone to sympathize with me either because quite frankly, if I was someone else, I wouldn't give two shits about me either. You know when someone murders a person nobody cares about the murderer regardless of what was wrong with them. They're not human and they deserve to die. That's kind of how I feel about myself. I am right there with you guys telling them to hang that son of a bitch. So there you have it. This is my shit and I'm only 22. I want to kill myself slowly...very slowly. I want the pain and I deserve it. Hopefully one day I just get hit by a car, or get killed by some drug dealer. I don't know. I don't care either. I deserve what's coming to me and let me tell you that Karma is one hell of a frigid bitch.