i don't feel i can go on anymorei'm a wreck and i hate my life. 

summer of 08 i got pulled over while driving a parents vehicle. it wasnt insured or tagged and they never changed the title over from when i sold it to them so the tickets were given to me. week or two later i lost my shitty job when the economy crashed and i've been unemployed now for 2.5 years. obviously without a job i couldnt pay on the tickets and they issued bench warrants, and those warrants are keeping me from getting a job to pay them off.

i tried staying with friends but nothing helped and 2 years ago i moved in with my mom while she said she'd help me pay them off. and nothings been accomplished.

i met this girl (isn't it always) while gaming online and we hit it off immediately. we quickly became best friends and more and have even met up in real life. this meeting went so well that we consider each other soulmates and had no doubt in our minds we would be together forever. this was the perfect woman. she has the biggest heart, shes so loving and caring and compassionate and she has this amazing daughter that i've also grown fond of and play well with. everything was ideal and we were discussing marriage after 2 years of knowing one another.

enter my brother. she crushes hard on him but tells me that its nothing because she knows i'm her soulmate and nobody can compare to me and i believe her even though it hurts because i felt the same way. it's been 5 weeks since that happened,

i'm having a horrible month, the worst of my life and i don't see the point of living in a world like this. where a family member tells you they want to help you get on your feet one day then pursues the girl of your dreams the next and not giving a shit about you. 

she got pregnant when she visited and then miscarried so there's that too. she tells me last week to not worry about things as much because she's not leaving me and tonight she tells me i may have lost her already cause her and my brother are doing nothing but get closer. 

i'm stuck in this shithole life. nobody can or even wants to help me, my family stabs me in the back, i lost my unborn child and the love of my life all in a few weeks. what's the point.

i can't stop crying, i don't stop hurting...i just want it all to end.

i'm a 25 year old male


EDIT: 12-31

Long day, finally got to talk to her. She says she doesn't love me anymore. I've lost everything. The future we had planned dashed to pieces. I'm done. You only find one person like that in your life, I won't settle for less and I shouldn't have to.

When the only person to truly love you can turn their back on you in a week's time...this isn't a world i want to be a part of. Thanks for the kind words all, but you can't win them all.

I'm sorry.