A weird dream changed my lifeJust thought I'd share this with you. I'm a 23 year old male and I've felt like killing myself for years now.  I let myself go down this downward spiral and ended up as a stereotypical parents' basement dweller after withdrawing from my university when I was put on academic probation.

As time went on, I started isolating myself from everyone and started pushing away all who were close to me. The most dominant thought in my mind was how/when to commit suicide, and with each passing day it seemed like the most reasonable thing to do and I just came up with more and more reasons to kill myself. Every time I tried to make a difference or change my ways, I would just fall back to my old self after a few days. Life was only getting worse, and my prospects weren't looking good. I was being a leech to society and life seemed pointless. 

Fast forward a couple of months of this horrible existence, and I was more determined than ever to kill myself. I considered posting my problems in this subreddit and didn't feel like going to a psychiatrist again. One night in early January, I had this rather crazy dream I'll never forget. This might be prone to false memories, but here goes: 

&lt;CRAZY DREAM&gt; I'm in this giant facility for 'useless people' and a bunch of 'government scientist' types are messing around with me and putting me through a series of tests and trials. 

They then make me put on a mask and tell me to get into this large elevator with a mirror in it. I comply but I feel something's wrong about this whole thing. Soon enough they say "Goodbye" and start laughing at me through a window in the door and the elevator starts going down. I'm overcome with fear as I realize I'm going to die and start freaking out, I shout "I don't want to die!". I look at myself in the mirror, pull off the mask and think "I shouldn't let myself go to waste, I can't be useless, I'm still alive". I pull out my phone to call for help, only to find out there's no network coverage since I'm underground and in an elevator. I then decide to record a message for others in case they find my body later. 

I start recording a video and begin this long epitaph in which I speak to the people close to me, declare what values were dear to me and what I wanted to do with my life. In the process I realize things about myself like I behaved like a fucking narcissist all the time and start weeping. Suddenly, I lose the ability to breath and get ready for this slow and horrible death full of regret and pure terror &lt;/CRAZY DREAM&gt; ....and I woke up with my face in the pillow. I got up let out the largest sigh of relief of my life and felt this tremendous zest for life. Although things didn't change much, I felt great from that moment on. 

This post is getting too long so in short, I learned web programming and made some good money undertaking projects for local businesses. I started hanging out with my friends again, reconciled with my family and others who I put off and I'm getting ready to head back to my university. Now with each passing day, I find more reasons to live instead of dying.  It's strange a dream brought out the best in me, I guess a lot depends on how you look at things. To those feeling down, I hope life turns out better for you.

Any similar U-turn experiences?

**TL;DR** Life was bad, was always suicidal, had a crazy dream in which I was being killed, realised I really don't want to commit suicide and now everything is going better than ever. 