Struggling/rant/cry for helpBeen self harming and suicidal for about two years. See my doctor once a month. Worked in an environment that gave my cPTSD. Work therapist turned out to be a sexual predator to my colleagues and finding it out fucked me over. When I explained to work my trouble getting over finding out the news was shut down. In my previous meeting I had been praised for changing the industry in the area I worked and was being groomed for the #2 position at the company. Next meeting after discussing problem about the work therapist was being pushed out the door. I left work and can’t work 9-5 anymore (for the time being I certainly hope).  In the meantime marriage of a decade plus, including ivf to get kids, broke down. Wife’s abuse at the hand of her brothers from the age of 6-11 was horrible but meant that she could never engage in the marriage. I pursued couples counselling and did my best while wife offered so little the counsellor called her out as a wall. I’ve made plenty of mistakes while my life was unravelling, had an affair though I wasn’t looking for it. Wife knows, and after thinking the other woman would be perfect for me it became toxic. Affair over now. Heartbroken though it’s for the best. As much as I have always wanted to be daddy and hubby I can’t stay in the marriage and yet to leave my kids would be heart break. More therapy has highlighted being the primary care giver to my mother and elder siblings after parents marriage breakdown. Emotional incest and parentification as a result of having to care for others at my own cost. So I don’t know who I am, nor been given the chance to explore it. Til now. My story isn’t great, I made mistakes when my life fell apart which I can only be responsible for. I had always thought if I cared for others with everything then they would care for me the same. A lot of people will look at me as a two dimensional piece of shit. There’s more to me than that. But my community has dwindled from being huge to a few people here and there. I don’t live in my country of origin and neither does my wife, who comes from a different country to me.  So divorce will inevitably see me in a different country to my kids. 

The pain I’ve been in has been unceasing and only gotten worse, sometimes by my mistakes, sometimes by what others have done to me. I don’t see a way out. Wife could not respond, other woman was toxic to me. I want the pain to stop. I’m on three types of meds and see a great therapist weekly. I have no money left (wife works and is supported by her parents) and I’ve been sleeping on a couch for coming up two years. I know I need to move out, I know I need to work and get money. I know I need to stop being shamed and caring about what others think. I know I need to be free to be myself and not what I thought others wanted. My problem is how do I get there. I can’t see how. I’m overwhelmed by pain and ending it ends it.