What would happen if, while in therapy, I express suicidal ideation AND reveal that I have access to a firearm at home? Could I be committed?This doesn't exactly feel like the correct subreddit for this but I figured some people here would have first hand experience. I live in California. 

I've been in therapy with a LCSW for a short period of time now. My suicidal ideation is sometimes discussed but I have not been open about the fact that I do have access to a gun in my home (it belongs to a family member and is unsecured thus accessible to me). This is really eating at me because suicidal ideation is something that I have struggled with over many months, even years now but with more regularity and intensity in the past half year. I know that I need help managing it. In my ideation, the gun is my method of suicide; however, I don't exactly feel suicidal currently...? In fact, I have never tried to harm myself before nor am I actively planning an attempt. But I frequently desire death, feel extremely depressed, and fantasize about killing myself. I also often fear that I could and would/will kill myself.

I don't know what to do. I really want to be open about the gun and my troubling thoughts but I live with my family and am TERRIFIED of them finding out about my mental health issues and suicidal ideation. I recently came across a news article about a California man's guns being confiscated because his wife was voluntarily committed for mental illness (this occurred in 2013 though). I guess my fear is that I'll be committed too or that law enforcement will attempt to confiscate my family member's gun. In either scenario, my family would undoubtedly learn of the situation and I just so desperately want to avoid that.

Do you have a similar experience? Do you know what the protocol is if a patient reveals a plan and means (being a firearm), but not necessarily active or immediate intent? What is the likelihood that law enforcement would attempt to confiscate the firearm?

*might post to multiple subreddits