Need advice pleaseThis is the fourth time rewriting this. Sorry if it gets long.

I wrote notes to my two best friends, a gorgeous and kind person who’s totally selfless and everyone loves her, and a person who always makes me feel so valid and who I can laugh with and relate to on so many levels who’s so proud of themselves and I can’t help but be proud of them too. My older brother who relies on me to fix all his problems because he has a guilty conscious and thinks he’s bad, my favorite cousin who’s like a sister to me and who I want to have all my books, and my little cousin who I love so much, she’s my little buddy and I’ll miss her a lot. Also my childhood best friend because I feel like I have to even though our relationship at this point is pretty one sided.

I still have to write to my parents and my principal. Im not close with her, I just want to let her know that I wasn’t bullied and it wasn’t because of anyone at the school. It kind of is about kids at school, but not bullying. They just dont really acknowledge me anymore. I’m never anyone’s first choice. Even my best friends have other best friends they love and know better than me. It sucks.

I started rambling, sorry. I’m also writing one to my therapist just to say it’s not her fault and she shouldn’t feel like she could’ve helped me, because I didn’t give her a chance to. She doesn’t think I’m suicidal anymore, she doesn’t know I started cutting again. When we first met I had started my clean streak. I was at seven months when I relasped. I feel worthless because of that. Among other things.

She’ll tell my mom if I open up to her about these things, so right now we just talk about my loneliness and my depression and anxiety. She’s bringing me some papers from her hospital at our next session about making friends to try and help me. She’s trying her best.

I guess I what I asking is what do I write to my parents? I plan on doing it sometime in November so I need to have them done soon so I can focus on other things until then. I want them to be hadnwritten even though typing is way faster and easier so they’ll feel like they have a part of me I guess. Anyone have any tips on what to say? Thanks to anyone who reads this, though I assume it’ll get buried. I just have no one to talk to so I’m trying here. I’m sorry this is long.