I've been thinking about ending it since this happenedSo this is kind of a long story but it starts with me being hired by a tech startup in San Francisco (where I used to live). Before me it was just a team of six men and I was the first female. I was an iOS developer. Their app still hasn't shipped yet.

So at the startup I constantly felt that I was treated differently then all the other men by the founder. Some of the other men gave me weird looks and one of them asked me out on a date. When I said no, he beat me up (violently, he broke my leg, I'm not sure how no one noticed because we were outside the office on the street where there were people), spoke rubbish about me to the founder, and I was subsequently fired. I knew I could easily be hired somewhere else, but was terrified of the possibility of bumping into him.

Due to this fear, I gathered up my things and moved to NYC. I was hired by another (larger) company and was working there until this happened (not related to company, read below). I have been offered re-employment when I am ready to go back to work (currently on benefits).

But then I was travelling to India on holiday over Christmas (21 Dec through 1 Jan was the intended trip length). It was probably foolish of me to go alone. The first 7 days of the trip were wonderful. I was in east India when this happened though. I was walking towards a train and then a local grabbed me on the neck from behind and started beating me. He probably chose me because I looked like a tourist (which I was). Anyways so he beat me up real bad (My legs were paralysed after this due to nerve injury and I have only regained a little movement in my left leg). Then he dragged me behind a building where there was no one else, stripped off my clothes and forcibly had sex with me. After that he took my wallet with my credit cards and cash in it. Then he left me to rot and ran off. Obviously because this was in India and I am American this is hard to take to court.

After that I eventually found someone kind enough to take me to a hospital. The fees were expensive but I'm glad I got treated. I paid for it in my primary credit card which was still in my pocket. Then I was taken to an aeroport and I flew back to NYC.

After I got back to NYC I have been questioning the purpose of my existence. If I am going to keep being someone's maltreated toy then what is the purpose of staying alive, other than for my family. Since returning I have been diagnosed with depression and trust issues. I wasn't smart enough to take someone else with me to India. That should have been a no brainer. Why am I smart enough to do anything else?