Jess is not faking it and I have decided to reach out to her before it's too latean update to my original thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/4n1jil/

Once again, names have been changed to protect privacy, and this post may contain Australianisms.

Hi everyone, so some progress has been made. Jess is still in the hospital getting treatment for liver and kidney damage. Her older sister Tanya came over today and woke me up by having an argument with Kerry. She gave me her number in case anything happens.
But the important thing is, today Kerry left her phone on the kitchen table before going to the shops, and it was open on Jess' convo. Tanya and I had a sneaky squiz through it:
 
&gt;"you dont spend half the week in hospital for self induced harm and then expect everything to return to normal afterward, totally pathetic". 

&gt;"telling me I cant handle the guilt shows me a level of manipulation you are willing to stoop to"

&gt;"If you are successful in commiting suicide then I have no guilt that I believed in teaching you the importance of respect and self-support"

&gt;"If you do not like my rules and expectations then you can drop school, get a job and move out, goodnight jess."

wow. 

Thing is, these were all in a screenshot inside the convo. Accidentally sent to her mum, but meant for a friend she was ranting to about what Kerry had just said to her. 

&gt;"I hate hate hate hate hate her

&gt;"she's a fucking coward

&gt;"who the fuck does she think she is

&gt;"woops wrong person

&gt;I'm dead arent I"

Kerry's response:

&gt;"You lose one parent and destroyed your relationship with another. You are not dead you are homeless so now you can forward this to whoever you want".

Her sister tells me that Jess used to cry for no reason every night when she was younger, and had told her in the hospital it was nothing to do with her dad, school or home life, or relationships, it was just how she had always been. That she feels scared, and she's tired of hurting people around her. 

Well Jess, I'm scared for you too. That's why tomorrow I'm going to ask Kerry if I can talk to you because I am 100% convinced that this is not an act, and I don't want you to die, or end up on the streets. I like having you around, the place just isn't the same without you - this is your home after all. Dont worry, half my friends have got problems too, you're not alone. Hell, at least two of them are survivors like yourself.
And Kerry, I'm not going to turn her against you. I don't believe you are evil, just stressed. You were incredibly nice to my gf the times she came over so I know you aren't like this all the time.