my life is emptyI’ve had to drop out of school, finally. I started at a private school, moved to public because I couldn’t handle the academic stress and lost my scholarship, as well as being bullied by peers. Left the public school because it was so huge and the crowds overwhelmed me and I was having panic attacks and meltdowns multiple times a day (I have anxiety and ASD). Went to an online school, and had to leave because I was terrified to contact teachers, didn’t understand the work, had no teacher aide support and couldn’t complete assessment. 

Now I’m home alone all day every day as both my parents work. I’m 17. I try visiting my grandmother, but it doesn’t help. I just sit in her living room thinking of killing myself instead of sitting in my bedroom thinking of killing myself. I’ve gone to therapists, psychologists, psychiatrists, occupational therapists, group therapy, everything. I’ve flat-out had three psychologists tell me they don’t know how to help me (that was the point at which I changed psychologists). My parents are at a loss. Nobody knows how to deal with me anymore, or how to make things better. I have no friends. I don’t mean this as an exaggeration - I have nobody who I can visit or talk to or hang out with. I can’t make online friends because I’m terrified of messaging people, even if they message me first. It’s hard enough posting this. I have no way of leaving the house. The closest public transport stop is a 45min walk, and I can’t drive. I have my Learner’s and have taken the Ps test twice, but keep failing due to depth perception issues from a lazy eye that I am too frightened to get fixed (I have to be given a high dose of valium to go anywhere near an optometrist, dentist, etc) and because I am a very unconfident driver - I failed my most recent test for hesitating too much along with depth perception problems. I also can’t drive in traffic, noisy conditions, etc - I live rurally and I’m just not used to it, but the city has the closest test centres. 

I just don’t see the point in going on. My parents spend thousands on medication and psychology which is making no difference. I’m too frightened to make friends. I’m unable to return to any type of schooling and a job is out of the question. I have no motivation to pursue any hobbies. I don’t even know what I like. I’m at my wit’s end and I’m just miserable. It’s been like this for months.