I wrote a suicide note and planned the deed last night, Please help me change my feelingsHere it is, Please help me.
------------------------------

Often I’ve been asked what I plan to do as a career, what they mean is what I want to commit my life to, spend my life working towards, living my life towards the purpose of progressing my career and later in life living to the benefit of my children and spouse. I believe that progress of a career should not be the goal of a person but the pursuit of happiness. What I mean is the goal in life is to make yourself happy and make sure every day is better than the last. Maybe it is selfish of me to think that my own happiness should have any value. People tell me that as soon as you have a wife and children your goals will change and your priority will be them but I don’t want to reach a point where my the accomplishments of my children is my main point of happiness, or that the milestones of somebody other than me is something that I should base my satisfaction. I believe that I have reached the point where I cannot say every day will be better than the last, or even equal to, why should anybody have to live a life where they think they will never feel the same passion and joy that they had felt previously. I have spent so much time thinking “soon I will reach a point where my life is no longer defined by my satisfaction as a person but by the progress of my career.” Nobody cares that you’re a happy person, that you spend so much time giving love to others. The only thing that matters is what kind of house you live in, how much money you make, whether or not you have a beautiful wife. Dear god I hope that the value of a life should be whether or not a person is happy. Who cares what you have if you’re satisfied with it. I hope that the love and friendship I’ve provided to many of you has made your lives better and provided you with something that helps make today better than yesterday. Maybe I’m fucked up because even though I’m happy and so clearly fortunate in the life and opportunities I’ve been given I still can’t say life will keep getting better from here. Maybe I’m messed up in the head because even though I’ve been given so much I don’t feel like my worries should be discounted because of the place I’ve been born that I had no control over. I’ve tried to make people happy and I think I’ve been successful in that regard so I hope that my decision doesn’t take away from any good I’ve done in your life. If my being in your life hasn’t made your life better than if I’d never met you then I’m sincerely sorry. Some people I’ve been a complete asshole to, whether deserved or otherwise I’m sorry. My mother told me “you should never leave a girl worse off than if she’d never dated you” and while I’ve applied this to dating I think I’ve tried to apply to any relationship I’ve had with people. I hope my being in your life has never been a burden and if anything I pray it’s made you happier than before. I think I’ve been pretty good at hiding the torment that I’ve been feeling for the last few years where some days I have so much hope for my future and some days none at all. I have the self awareness to realize that yes I should seek therapy but I don’t want my thoughts to be decided by the manipulation of some psychologist, If my thoughts aren’t my own then I don’t care for them, he can’t make me think that somehow my life will keep going up from here where I’m nearly the strongest, biggest, smartest person I’ll ever be, where I can be around so many friendly, similarly aged, like minded people, to interact with, to love. While I could keep continuing on while there are still good parts of my life I don’t want to keep thinking “this is good, but it will never be like then.” People are constantly reminiscing about the past, about their childhood where making friends was so easy, life had so few responsibilities, things were easy going and there were so many people to give your abundant love to. Nowhere else are you shoved into one building with sixteen-hundred beautiful men and women who are just as desperate for friendship as you. And while school seems to suck at times, in hindsight it was really easy and I can’t help but think to myself “it can only go downhill from here” and I hate that. People often say “I’d give anything to go back to school” where life was easy and consequences were temporary, not life defining. As I said, I wish for one thing in life, and that is to be happy and to keep getting happier, because it is a terrible thing to have to say your life has already reached it’s peak. So many people have said just how great their life was when they were in school and how they wish they could go back to that and I hate knowing that my life won’t get better, I won’t find a place quite like this. I know my family, my friends, and my dog love me but I don’t want love, I want to be happy, to never stop being happy, because while I love to make others happy I can’t keep going through life tortured by the fact that I’ll keep feeling less satisfied than the previous day and constantly thinking back to when it was better. I’m so sorry because of my selfish aspirations that seemingly don’t care about the effect that I’d be having on those who love me. I hope my being here has made your life better and I really do love all you beautiful people each with your own passion for life and love for people. Please nobody think this is AT ALL because of you, it is not, it’s my fucked up feelings that MY own happiness should be the goal of MY life. I hope I’ve made you love to laugh and live to love and I hope you all keep being the beautiful people you all are. I’m sorry for the burden my life has been on myself and others. I love my parents, my brothers, my girlfriend, my grandparents, aunts and uncles, cousins, my dog, and my friends. You have all given me so much and made me the person I am today and I’m sorry that it has been wasted on somebody like me who is too selfish to see beyond myself. I pray that this doesn’t inspire anybody to end their life as I did and I pray that I am remembered as somebody who built people up instead of tearing them down. I hope that you are left off better when I’m gone then before I came. You are all beautiful people and that’s what made my life better now than it could ever become :) I’ll see you on the other side,
