i hope you all find your happiness one dayi’m a 20 year old girl who, over the past year, has been silently coming onto this page every time I wanted to die. this is my first time posting. I moved back home from college after my freshman year. I’m supposed to be a junior, but i’ve only been able to do school part time from home so i’m behind on credits. i have a job that i like. i have a few close friends, but they all live hours away. i have a loving family.
mental illness destroys me every day. i was diagnosed with severe ocd at age 5. i’ve been depressed since i was 11. i have extreme anxiety and difficulty regulating my emotions which, combined with the obsessive nature of the ocd, results in obsessions with boys and relationships that usually end up collapsing. 
there really aren’t words to describe the complicated nature of my mental illness or the indescribable pain that it had caused me throughout my life. if you’re in this sub though, i’m sure you understand. 
i want to be in love more than anything in the world. a year ago i met a boy who i connected with like nobody else. he couldn’t be in a relationship with me, and when we broke it off i had to be hospitalized for a few months. i got out and found healing, but we reconnected and he broke it off again. that was in march. since then, i’ve had two different brief relationships, but those failed too. i kept coming back to him. i’ve never felt close to somebody like i did with him. a few months ago, he moved across the country. we kept checking up on each other every month. today i found out that he has a girlfriend. i lost it again and i guess i had just lost it one too times. his patience ran out. his empathy was gone. he told me he never wants to speak again, and that if i contact him again he will block me. his tone was angry and apathetic like i’ve never heard and i know that he means what he says.
i can’t fathom a possible life that i want to live. i don’t have the energy to pursue passions. im surviving, but every few weeks i have an episode that inhibits functioning for a couple days until i can pull myself together. i have no joy, no friends, no imaginable future. i’m miserable here but i’m terrified to change. my mind torments me, it never shuts off.
tonight, after my family goes to sleep, i want to slit my wrists in the bathtub. i know you have to hit the radial artery and i think i can do it, i’ve had to get stitches on my wrists before. 
i want it to end. i want this pain to go away. i have been hanging on for so long and i’m so exhausted. he kept me here. I have a message written out for him, nothing manipulative, just telling him thanks for everything and that i’m sorry. 
If you read all of this i appreciate that. I’ve read so many of your stories and they always make me cry. I hate that so much of us are in so much pain and I hope that we can find our happiness one day.