My wife left me because of my chronic illness. I want to die, but I don’t want to hurt the people who love me. I feel like my future is bleak, and I have no choices.Reddit wasn’t the first place I thought to get support, but this community seems to want to genuinely help.

I’m 24, married at 20. I was starting to get sick in high school, they told me I had Lyme disease and chronic fatigue syndrome, and it progressed from there.

The past 4 years I’ve lived in severe pain, depression, and mental fog. I have mast cell activation syndrome (or something similar), and smells trigger reactions ranging from headache to throat-closing allergy. This, along with the chronic fatigue and headaches, keeps me bed-bound 80-90% of the time. I attempted suicide 2 years ago, but I failed.

My wife has always wanted to have kids, and I did too, although I need to be able to have energy and capacity for I be able to raise children. She wants to travel, which is impossible for me right now. She doesn’t want to work, and it’s been hard for her to provide. 

Today my wife told me she’s filing for divorce.

My wife told me that if I didn’t have this “curse” (meaning the chronic illness), she would try and make it work, but it’s too much for her. It has been really hard on her, and while I have anger towards her for abandoning me, I know that I need to let that go for the good of both of us. She says she loves me, and I do believe that, but it hurts to let go.

I have a hard time finding hope in my future. I’ve been trying treatments, new doctors, and researching myself, and I just don’t have the energy to fight for my health anymore. I’ve been through this game for years. Regular doctors, specialist doctors, expensive doctors, without much tangible success. I had one expensive doctor tell me that IVIG is something that could help me, but we could never get insurance to cover it, so tough luck. My current doctor says he thinks we can get me back to 80% health, which I keep trying to hold on to, but it’s hard to believe it when my wife doesn’t (and I’m not sure I believe it either). I have a laundry list of diagnoses:

Type 1 diabetes
Lyme Disease
POTS
Mast Cell Activation Syndrome
CFS/ME
SIBO
And possibly an autoimmune condition 
And they think I may have cranialcervical instability or Chiari malformation, but who knows

I’m tired of fighting for my life back. I can’t do it without the love and support I had from my wife. The thought of seeing new doctors makes me want to throw up. I have a really supportive family, which makes the idea of suicide so difficult. I know it would absolutely destroy the people I care about. But I daydream about dying from Covid, or doing it some other way.

Any advice about where I can find peace and hope?