TL;DRI don't know if this will be buried or not, or if it would be better on /r/depression or /r/autism something. I'm really only a lurker so I wouldn't know better. And I apologize for this life story textwall. I want to get everything out.  
I've been depressed ever since I was little. I distinctly remember being in early grade school and learning about self-esteem. At the end of the lesson we wrote about what we learned and how we felt and such and I was the only kid in the class that identified themselves as having low self-esteem. It's always been there, really, and it runs heavily on my mom's side of the family. And you know what runs on my dad's? Autism. And I got the worst of both.  
I was diagnosed as being on the spectrum fairly late in my life, but in hindsight everyone realizes it was there. I never socialized with my peers in school and preferred talking to adults if I wanted to talk at all. I always lived in fantasy worlds (still do, really) and preformed poorly in school. Thankfully I did have a couple friends growing up, but all except one fell out of contact once we hit middle school. And the one that didn't sexually assaulted me not long after. I stopped going to school after that. It was 7th grade. I don't have a formal education beyond that. I took a lot of courses on Khan Academy and Coursera and such the past few years to at least keep myself educated, but it's nothing that a college would accept.  
After I stopped going to school I stopped making friends. I still don't have anyone remotely near me. I developed crippling anxiety after my abuse and spent a majority of my teenage life at home or in treatment. I was constantly going through therapists because I refused to open up and, being an angry teenager, would lash out. When I had free time I did manage to find a couple online communities and I made some friends who I still talk to today, but my anger and poor social skills ended up getting me banned. I kept contact with my friends over MSN and Skype and such, and they've been wonderful to me. But I'll get to that later.  
I've always wanted to be an artist. I've practiced every day for more than 6 years now, and I still can't draw at the level I want to. I haven't finished a piece in over 2 years. I want to create comics. I want to give life to the fantasy world I've been escaping in for so long. I have scripts. I have over three years worth of scripting and writing and development and proofreading and I'm still not satisfied. I can't do any of this on the level that my peers can. I can't do any of this even remotely close to the level I want to. I've attempted to take formal art classes but my anxiety leaves me so shameful of my work that I can't even hold back my tears. Plus, art degrees are useless anyway. Even if I managed to suck it up and turn my life around and pursue my lifelong dream, it would probably just leave me dissatisfied and in extreme debt.  
My first suicide attempt was at 14. Then 16. Then 18. I'm 19 now. I've been through a myriad of treatments. I've been on almost every antidepressant there is. Paxil. Prozac. Cymbalta. Lexapro. Vybriid. Clonazopam. Valium. You name it, I've been on it. It always helps for a while, then it starts to plateu and the dosage is increased. Rinse and repeat until the dosage is so high it either becomes dangerous or the side effects are intolerable. Our insurance company is beginning to deny my new prescriptions because I've been blowing through so many. They help for a while, but they don't help enough. It's always up and down. It doesn't help me acknowledge my problems. It just gives me the energy to avoid them a little longer before they rear their ugly heads with just as much pain as without medicine.  
Suicidal ideation has been a regular part of my life. I've never genuinely enjoyed being a person. Sure, I enjoy some aspects of being alive, or at least used to. But I never felt like I belonged in this body or this life. I fail catastrophically at everything I want to do. My social skills are abysmal and I'm scared of everything. I failed school. I failed classes. I had a job, that was low-stress and was about things I know very well and worked with people who genuinely are good people and care about me and I still lost it. I can't even proficiently do the things I love. All my life I just sort of acknowledged the fact that I sucked at being a person. I've had loving friends and fun hobbies and a supportive family. But it's not enough. It's never enough. No matter how many people love me or how much fun I have playing video games I always have that fact lingering in my mind. I'm broken. I'm a mistake. I just don't *work* like I'm supposed to. I never have. And now I doubt I ever will. Hell, I'm even homosexual. Can't get much more broken than that, eh? (in an evolutionary sense, of course.)  
Since me and my girlfriend started dating almost two years ago, it's been a little easier. She's the most amazing person I've ever met and has supported me through all this without hesitation. I love her with all of my heart. But, just my luck, she lives in another country.  
We visit as often as we can but it's always few and far between because of distance and finance. We want to live together but the immigration and visa process for either of us would be nearly impossible. On top of all that she lives with an abusive father. I love her, I love her with all my heart, but I don't know how it's going to work. I wish she was here, but she's not and she can't.  
I've had hobbies that have kept me afloat for a while. Play-by-post roleplay, video games, and my pets. But the more time goes on, the harder it's become to focus on them and enjoy myself. I haven't done a serious roleplay in months now, where it used to be a daily thing. A game my friends and I love to play received a huge expansion on Friday. I pre-ordered the ultimate edition as soon as I could, I was so excited. But now, I haven't even played it. I don't think I've done more than thirty minutes of new content. I'm not even excited for Fallout 4 anymore, and that's coming from someone with 300+ hours in Fallout 3 and the GM of a Fallout RP that reached hundreds of thousands of words long. My pets were the last things to really decline. I have exotics and a special needs dog and I felt obligated to take care of them. But now my dog doesn't even try to get me out of bed for her morning walk cause she know I won't budge. I can barely keep myself on my feeding schedule or my water change schedule. It's not neglect yet but it is well on its way. My parents have taken on my dog but they don't know how to care for my other pets. I'm getting ready to re-home them.  
It's really all beginning to fall apart. Nothing helps anymore. I'm on obscure antidepressants that aren't even used outside of the US because I've burned through everything else. I've destroyed three years worth of writing and scripting because I can't stand seeing my failures anymore. I've cut myself off from everyone except my girlfriend. And the only thing that's keeping me alive is knowing how much it would hurt her if I died. But it's coming to a point where the pain I'm going through every day, the self-loathing, the hate, the sheer apathy about everything that used to give me life feels worse than any grief I can ever imagine. My entire life feels like it's been a mistake. I can't think of a single point in my life where I've genuinely loved myself. And every day it's been getting worse. I don't care anymore. I wish I didn't have to die, but I don't have a way out anymore. I wish I could stop myself from ever being born, but that's never going to happen. I've never wanted to be alive. I always hope that one day I'll get in a fatal car crash or die in a freak accident. No matter how much fun I have, no matter how wonderful my friends are, it's there. And it never stops. And now I have nothing to keep my mind out of it. I have no reason to distract myself. I didn't want it to come to this. I didn't want to hurt the people I love but I don't have a choice anymore.  
And that's just the tip of the iceberg. That's not accounting for my eating disorder, or my addiction, or my sensory issues, or my chronic pain, or my self-harm. My life is a mess. I feel like a mistake of God. I'm not a religious person but whenever I reflect upon myself I can't help but think "gee, whoever was on creation duty did a really fucking shitty job."   I have a plan and a date and I have a queued note to be posted on my preferred social media platform that will address my friends after the fact. I love them very much. And I don't think there's anything that they could've done. It's not just a bad day. It's a feeling I've had every single day since I was 12. Sometimes, it's not so bad. But it's always bad enough. And it's not something I can handle anymore. 