Happy and suicidalI love life, I love my friends and I like making my music and playing video games, travelling the world and trying to make it big. I like helping people and being there for them. In general I enjoy life, it's a good time. But I still want to put a bullet in my head. I still want to go out and jump of a bridge. God I don't know how many times I've fucking planned it. Do I tell people how I feel or don't I. Am I weak and shit compared to everyone else for talking to people about it instead of keeping it in? Because after all in a few days I'll be "fine" again, the urge won't be so bad, I'll be happy, but I'll still desperately want to die.

Honestly I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. I have so many plans for the future but at the same time I want to die. And it's not even two sides. They're literally the same thought process.

I'm always there for people, always try to be the best person I can and be the best friend I can be to people. Send so many messages, talk for hours, run up and make a joke when I see them in real life. And yet nobody notices when I don't turn up for college for a few days. Nobody really cares when I put suicidal shit on my social media. Am I just an attention seeker or am I desperately trying to find someone who actually gives a shit. I'm looking for anybody who actually likes me. I never get any confirmation from my friends. Yes they try to talk to me when I'm down and yes they invite me out, but only when I've almost committed to it. Do people only talk to me out of pity? Why am I such a fucking nobody despite trying so hard for so long?

Why do I want to die constantly?
Why is it that even when my mental health is 100%,I still want to slit my wrists.

I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me. I used to think it was like this for everyone, but I've noticed how my friends are always being invited out, having love confessed to them, getting messages constantly throughout the day from multiple people. Nobody texts me first, nobody walks up to me and talks to me as if they want to talk to me. Maybe one person.

I just want to be everyone's friend, but what's the point if nobody even likes me.