I'm losing my battle, and I could use some help.42, male.  I've fought depression for as long as I can remember, taking Bupropion for 5 years.

6 Years ago, I made a very poor career decision.  It seemed like the right choice at the time, but it wasn't.  It lead to may career ending, and two long stints of unemployment.  I've since fought my way back into professional life.  I have a new job.  It lacks the prestige and money of the career, but it's good enough and I do alright financially.  I just live with a lot of what if's and an overwhelming sense of failure as a man.  I wanted to be so much more, and now it's too late.

4 years ago, during this process, I got cancer.  It's a serious case of GIST.  I had surgery which removed most of my strength and a good deal of my internal organs.  I fought hard.  I spent 3.5 years on a drug with nasty side effects.  I struggled to put myself back to together.  I thought I had made it.  My doctors said I was clean.  I won.  I was taken of the drugs and I had a victory. 

It lasted 4 weeks.  3 more tumors appeared.  Same process, surgery and drugs, all my physical progress gone and now the dose is doubled.  I'm sick and exhausted almost every day.

My wife was my rock.  She's been my best, and maybe my only (I'm not a social man) for 13 years.  Now, 3 months after surgery, it looks like our marriage is ending.  She's checked out physically and emotionally, saying that it took all she had to see me through cancer twice.  I understand it.

I'm tired.  I'm tired of fighting.  I'm tired of losing.  I'm tired of being sick.  I'm tired of feeling exhausted.  I'm tired watching my life crumble.  I'm tired of getting knocked down.  I don't want to get up anymore.  

I don't have anything left, and I feel like I'm dying slowly and painfully as it is.  I'm a little scared, and a little angry, but mostly just very sad and very tired.

I haven't thought this seriously and often about actually quitting in a long time.  I'm having difficultly thinking of anything else.

I don't know what else to say, I just don't have anyone to talk to and I wanted someone to hear me.  Thanks