I can’t see the point anymoreI don’t even know why I’m making this point haha. maybe because I’m drunk. my life is falling apart around me. my family is abusive I guess, my mental health is declining and the mental illnesses are showing, and the only person I truly trust and love, who I depend on, who I see as my “true” family, is drifting away from me. I can’t blame him. I’m obnoxious, a complete mess. he swore he’d never leave me, he’d always love me, he’d always be there to support and help me. I wonder, has he found another woman to replace me with? is he spending all that time he’d devote to me on someone else? I trusted him fully, like I’ve never trusted anyone. I told him things I’ve never told anyone else. I guess it all goes back to him, but it’s not his fault. it’s my fault for being such a pathetic, broken mess. I spend most of my time either drunk or thinking about the next time I can get drunk. 

maybe there is no point. maybe this is just how it’s meant to be. most nights I spend crying myself to sleep, wishing my father could will himself out of that stupid box in that stupid cemetery to hold me and tell me it’s all okay. I guess I have daddy issues, and I guess nobody will ever fully love and accept me because of it. but I want him so bad, I can barely remember him and I feel so guilty. he loved me so much and I barely remember him? how disgusting. I just want to be with him, but I can’t bring myself to believe in an afterlife, I can’t convince myself I’ll ever see him again. I wish I could. 

all I can do is imagine a life where I run away, change my name, and somehow overcome myself to be a better person. a better woman that’s hard working, successful, lovable, not unstable, independent. or suicide. all I can see is all the ways I could end it. the blood splattering on the wall behind me, the bath filling with blood, the way I’d sway in the wind, the way I’d choke on my own vomit and struggle to breathe, I don’t know. it’s so hard not to order a pack of razors, it’s so hard not to take all these pills at once and let it happen. 

I don’t know. I have so much to say, but does it matter? Nobody cares what I have to say, what I think. I’ve always been completely alone, and it’ll stay that way. maybe I’ll survive this night, but tomorrow I’ll just buy more alcohol, I’ll keep begging for harder drugs, and eventually I’ll push past my limit and maybe then I’ll be free. I doubt anyone will even notice. nobody will miss me, and nobody will care. oh well.