No way outSo, spent the new year's thing alone, crying my heart out and wishing that I could end this horrific life that I'm stuck with.  But I can't because I can't bring myself to cause harm to others.  I wish I could be reassured that they would not wonder why, but reason - why did Embarrassed wait as long as they did?  If I thought that they would understand, perhaps I could be free =(

I know that I am chronically depressed, I have been my entire life really.  I can trace it back deep into childhood (pre-teen children should not cry themselves to sleep every night wishing that they could die - this was 35 years ago, nothing much has changed since then).  I am diagnosed with serious mental illness and take medication - but have done so for many years.  Treatment otherwise has been a risible joke.

Penniless, reliant on welfare and the kindness of others, my employment history is a disaster, I've not held a job in more than a decade and have no useful skills.  My mental faculties are failing (I wondered for a while at early onset Alzheimer's), my social skills are in tatters, my relationship history is chaotic and contaminated by abuse, and I am almost completely estranged from family (for good reason).  If my mental health issues "healed" overnight, through some act of imaginary magic, I know it would actually make no discernible difference.  The collateral damage of protracted illness is so complete, I don't think there's a way back.

I don't know about specific ideation, I don't know if I have this and therefore don't know I should be here at all.  I know I don't belong in this world and don't know that I ever did.  I ache for a way out of this interminable misery but can't think of one that's going to work.  I fantasise about a world that says, in kindness, it's OK for you to go now, it won't hurt and no one will be sad or distressed at having to do a clean up of the aftermath.  I wish they would say - we get that life does not work for you, it hurts too much, and you want to let go.

But all we get is pats on the head and it gets better and you just shrug and say - When?  How much longer?  How much can I actually take? 

I'm sorry, I don't even know I should be posting here.