I don’t think I can make itTen years ago it wasn’t a good year but compared to what’s happened between and now is too earth shattering for me to handle.

Everyone where I live has either moved away, friendships have severed or they died from an overdose. I know one person left alive and we aren’t on good terms at all, because when you care about an addict it always feels like a trap..

On Sunday I went to the hospital because of a panic attack and I have them all the god damn time. 

 I hate conflict, but a lot of it started three years ago when my boyfriend of four years was found dead from an overdose and I didn’t know that he was an addict until less than a year before he died! I’m not stupid but I didn’t know! He hid it that well! I tried but not hard enough and I will carry that guilt until I die. I literally feel gutted. My friend who’s not on good terms with me cutting me out for his actions hurts like hell because he’s the only one left who knows what we have both been through, losing friends before they even turn 30?! Then being trapped watching over him and even then something bad happens. My hearts hurting so much and nothing helps. It’s hell.

My father died in 2017 and I can’t take it. I miss him to death and I don’t know how to live life with all these changes. My mom threw away all of his years of work and things. She went ahead and changed the whole house and that’s fine but it has taken me to the darkest of places. She almost died three times last year and I tried my hardest to save her! 

Now there’s a guy I’m catching feelings for and I’m already scared as hell; I feel like I shouldn’t. I feel like I’m cheating on my boyfriend who’s been dead for three years.

Any moment now I feel like I’m going to have a heart attack, and it’s been non stop. I shake. I feel like crap. I have tried to take my life so many times and I can’t take this world. I hate it. I can’t eat and when I sleep the nightmares are all I get.

I wish I lived in a state where assisted suicide is allowed. I am too afraid to live or leave the house and when I do I can’t function. I’m so sick to my stomach. There’s no help out there.