Life has no appeal to me, and it never willHello. I am an 18 year old male. 3 or 4 years ago, I was a very normal person. But as the years progressed, things just went downhill. Or uphill -- depends on how you look at it. Things went downhill in terms of happiness, well being, and mental health. But things went uphill in terms of my own wisdom, intelligence, and understanding of life.

I find that 99% of people are highly delusional when it comes to understanding life, and I like to think I'm apart of the 1%.

I understand that life is totally and completely worthless. Nothing has any meaning, and there is no reason to live. Any sense of happiness or purpose in one's life is a delusion and not real. Nothing feels real. For example, take sex. Sex would never make me happy because I know the only reason why I'd enjoy it is because I'm biologically programmed to want that and to enjoy it. If I didn't experience life through a human ego, it would not have any value or inherit meaning.

I tend to experience life through no ego. I don't really feel any emotions (aside from the intense sadness of nothingness). I don't care about other people, including myself. Pain or pleasure means nothing to me. Living is irrelevant to me because wanting to live is something stemmed from one's ego.

Nothing makes me happy. Life has absolutely no appeal to me, and it never will. I've heard that people who are suicidal tend to think that there is no hope and nothing will get better, when in reality there is hope and things do have the potential of getting better. I don't think that applies to me at all, because my reasoning behind wanting to kill myself has little to do with emotions, feelings, depression, etc. etc. While I do feel incredibly depressed (I think), that is just a biproduct of the core idea. My reasoning for wanting to kill myself is based on actual logic on life, and logic doesn't change. Thus, I can say that I will always be suicidal.

I don't know if I will kill myself or not. I obviously want to, but I don't for two reasons. One, I'd rather not give my dad emotional pain. He is the person that I live with, and he is a good person at heart (not that I believe in such thing as good or bad). He is a normal person, and he would never understand my motives. But the main reason why I don't kill myself is because I'm a coward. I can assure you though, if I had the courage, I would.

I don't know why I made this post, but I figured I would say something.