I thought my life is going in better direction. I was wrong.It all became worse, I was depressed since being 6 and till 21 my life was in a terrible abyss full of hate, depression and disappointment. I tried to contact psychologists and therapists, still taking medicaments till this day, and my life became a little better for like a half year. I had a job, I've began feeling better and this fake hope that depression will finally be over came to my mind, but after this half year my life collapsed into worse state. 

I'm 22 old right now, still living with parents and wasting all time playing games or doing garbage-grade art as I have nothing to do. I've been praying to god to die, just to end up as a non-believer. Those suicidal thoughts ceased between being 21 and 22, but now it all returned as suicide became the only thing that makes sense in my life now. I hate that, but I realised it. 

My family is disgused with me and my depression, while my mother who has an obvious borderline syndrome doesn't care about my depression and entirerly blames video games, just by saing something like "You're just sad because you failed in games. Go get a job." And it sickens me. My father... who I hate calling this retard like that, is enraged that I'm not paying for HIS bills and found fun in harassing me at daily routine. There was not a day where I didn't heard a word of swear from this sexually obsessed narcisstic ape, I'm disgused by this piece of shit. "Lick my anus" "fucking retard" "I have nothing from you" are just few spits on my face from him, and he's successfuly placing my entire family, especially my mother against me. He brags at daily routine how useless I am for not paying for HIS bills. I'll call him by name, Thomas, because calling him my father makes me wish to never be born. I tried to speak with my family about my problem, but not only they don't care, they became to hate me more.

I've never had a real friends. For my entire life, I was either alone, or alone and bullied. Since I was 6 till 14 the only people that were giving me attention were bullies making fun of me for being depressed and lonely. Then all my classmates were not giving a fuck about my existence, and my current 4 friends (to which group I was invited by one of my classmates, most likely because he felt sorry for me) are toxic as hell, especially to people online, and they try to convice me to be as toxic as they are. No matter how terrible my days are, I cannot expect any support from them.

My therapist and psychologist doesn't seem to care. My visits are never longer than 5 min, and they repeat the same stuff over and over again. Psychologist only gives me a receipt for antidepressant drugs, which are no longer working and I cannot afford them anymore, while therapist always asks me about getting a job even when I'm feeling like a garbage who's tired entire days.

I don't know how long I can keep carrying on, how long I can lie to myself that life will be better, that I can improve, that my dreams can be true, that suicide is not a salvation. I'm exhausted emotionally and physicaly, for my entire life I've absolutelly never woke up in the morning well rested, and my mind all time shifts between being absolutely numb or being a chaotic mess where I cannot think rationally. I feel done, and father only pushes me into suicide more, because it seems like that's fun for him to harass people in need.

I'm done.