I'm 15 and my life is a blight on myself and others(Warning: Highly NSFW and sensitive sexual content)

I'll try and tell my story to the best of my ability.

As an elementary schooler, I was angry and violent. The littlest things set me off into rage and I'd fight other kids on the playground who annoyed me in the slightest. I'd flip chairs and attack teachers in retaliation of having to work. The violence was partially fueled by actual pure rage and an early videogame addiction that I am still yet to beat. I'd imagine myself a monster and fantasized about shooting up the school. Part of the outlet for these rage fantasies was my sister. She seemed to make me furious every day and every day I would beat her and beat her and scar her over and over again.

Middleschool helped reduce the violence because of the new threat of real punishment for assault, but it was never fully gone. Puberty hit me like a truck. Or more like a sedan with a boost engine. As a middleschooler I had no control over myself. My sexuality was off the walls. I gained a porn addiction very quickly and am still far far from getting anywhere close to beating it. At some point in the summer of 6th grade I had coerced my much younger sister to have sex with me and was on the verge of going through with it but was nearly caught by my dad checking in on us in my room, stopping me. If it weren't for that coincidence I would've raped her far worse than I already have. I was literally inches away from inserting it. I'm convinced I traumatized her and it makes me feel guilty just seeing her every day and constantly being reminded of the toll of my sins. I ruined my own sisters life because I just can't control myself, sexually or emotionally.

Middleschool also marked the end of a lot of my old friendships and in a weird attempt to fit in I chose to act out weirdly and sexually. I told hundreds and hundreds of people about the sister story and carried it around like a badge of honor until I realized it was something to be ashamed of. The entire damn school knew me as the creepy pedophile idiot who annoys everyone and I still carry remnants of that reputation with me today and it's so painful. Everyone hates me and I'm avoided like the plague.

Highschool freshman year was the start of my real depression. I started realizing my world was falling apart around me. I thought my reputation was funny and cool but when it set in it set in hard. The guilt for the sister situation was strong. I started collecting child p*rn and kept it up for nearly a year before my parents discovered it and deleted it all. I knew what I was doing was wrong but kept doing it anyways. I truly came to the conclusion that I was an incel and I still stand by that today. I'm an incel. My middleschool love life was pathetic. I really only dated one girl named zoe and ruined it with her when I groped her without her permission. Years later now we're close friends but the torment of guilt of hurting yet another person because of my urges weighed on me heavily at that time. The closest I got to a relationship after that was several love notes that each got systematically rejected one by one. I've had 2 recent relationships since then, one with a guy named Dawson and another named Madison, who both broke up with me after seeing me in person and never gave real explanations for why they did. I know I'm ugly and thats why. I'm irredeemably ugly. Not just physically, but mentally. I'm a horrible person and I hurt everyone around me without regard or control. 

The closest I came to happiness was with madison. She seemed so perfect for me. I felt truly loved for once. I spent every hour of my day talking to her. I loved her with everything I had. Then we met in person. The next day she broke up with me. It was my longest relationship and yet it only lasted a month. I was torn apart. My world was ruined. I cried and cried every night. Eventually I decided to finally do it, I was gonna wait until I was home alone and then shoot myself. I told madison beforehand my plan and gave her my goodbyes and I told her I loved her. She managed to get into contact with my parents on facebook and thus I was prevented from being home alone. My parents forced me into therapy which I've always hated. I've had suicide ideation nearly every day since then but am yet to make a serious plan. However, I did write a note which is no longer relevant and I should rewrite. 

Madison and I tried to be friends after the whole ordeal. I still loved her deep down but held it in and focused on just being her friend. But I got annoying and she got mad and she blocked me on everything. I wad devastated again. I was suicidal once again for several days. Ever since I've been using games as a coping method and have been disossaciating from close friends and am slowly but surely burning my friendships away that I've spent so much hard work building. I'm no longer capable of being a good friend. I'm worthless and a burden. My life should just end now.