Goodbye.My name is sophie and I'm 14.

I've been stuck in silence my whole life until I found my friends who I lost 2 months ago. They made me feel like I belonged somewhere and that I was wanted. They waited for me by my locker at lunch every day and talked to me. Even though I was struggling with DID, depression and heavy paranoia and social anxiety they still showed me some love, because they were going through problems too. I even found love in one of the two and I kept that closed for a long time. He was sweet, a lovely trans boy with bright blue eyes and pale skin, a lovely person with such confidence and beauty inside and out. I kept that love to myself for three years as his best friend. The other was a playful yet stern girl, hair she cut short and died black and she had a lonely confidence I could only admire. She was lovely to talk to and was a great person however in the more recent months she seemed a little off. 

I was happy, happy for the 3 years for the most part. Especially when I was with him, his name was owen. He made the happiest memories I'd ever have in my life. He showed me love and what it's like to feel loved, held me close when things got tough and told me that it was okay because I'll always have him. I'll never be alone.

Time got by when I got older, for 8 months I had a boyfriend. Owen had introduced him, he was fun and confident yet quite awkward and pervy. He molested me constantly for those 8 months and those memories I would never forget. After the breakup I was upset but quickly got over myself, i was free yet i was alone. The black haired girl who had been one of my best friends for 2 years suddenly turned, said I faked my mental illnesses and that it was my fault i was molested. I was afraid to go back into school, so I called up owen and we went out.

We told eachother we loved eachother and how much we cared, it was the best day of my life and the memories I hope I never forget in the next life. He showed me I could be showin love without giving up my body first and promised me he would keep me company. 

I only saw him 3 times in the next week, the 4th time was to stage a stupid little joke and blocked me off. He had broken up with me, breaking the love and the friendship. I could deal with it, I told myself. Forgetting my history of isolation and neglect had already taken a toll on me. Over time I got more and more agitated, more and more clingy and obsessive over anyone who would talk to me. I was so afraid of being left again and being isolated, for 2 months I let myself cry myself to hell every lunch and break time in the empty lunch hut while nobody wondered or bothered about where I was. I was nothing.

Rumours spread about me being creepy, possessed, part of the devil, able to see dead people, insane, violent. My mental issues spiralled out of controll and for months on end I kept on forgetting things constantly, even forgetting the death of my grandfather and the existence of some of my classmates. I felt like the world was not real and lost so much time and would wake up in a pool of blood every night or so. 

My home life was terrible, i wish my family wasnt such a bother. My fat, obese and ugly mother was so rude to me yet I'm forced to respect her. She neglected me and made me live alone with barely any privacy. Fat shamed herself so much I got anorexic. As of now I only weigh 6st.

My grandmother yells at me constantly when I am upset, saying I take advantage of her because when i get anxious i like to get out of the house and take a walk at around 7pm. As if it's my fault how my mother raised me made me afraid to be at home. Her yelling made me even more anxious, so I had a habit of coming home late. Last time I ran away, i blacked out and got home at almost midnight. 

Constantly called a liar and a faker whenever I feel upset is never a good experience. Having no friends and the only person that keeps me company is the boy who molested us. Every day our regret and hatred for ourselves looms over our heads in a constant plea of please, please set me free. All we ask for is a friend but we are avoided like the plague and hated like it too. Living like this is not living, this life is worse than helll and we all pray for it to stop. I've become so desperate for company I became a prostitute, selling my pictures online and even promised sex to my molester in return for his company I can never live like this again. Owen told me that he couldnt care less if I died and that I'm an annoying attention whore. There is nobody who doesnt hate me, there is nobody who wants me or who will ever want me. Living like this isnt living and I cant handle another second of it.


I wanna see my dad, I wanna see my grandad. I saw their bodies when I was young and I'll never get those images out of my head. I'll never get any of this out of my head, these repeating flashbacks will never stop.

I cant deal with the isolation and hatred. I cant take it anymore I cant take it I want to fucking die and theres nothing else left for me.

Goodbye.

That is all I will say.

Goodbye.