PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!The thoughts and the voices of my mom darcy who was a drug addict and little 15 year old brother jaydon run through my head constantly. It has slowly gained and reached every crevice of my brain, completely overtaking my thoughts and now it's a constant fight and suffering struggle to stay alive. I stay alive because of my family and girlfriend kassie, but now I don't feel that there is much of a choice... it has gotten so bad that whenever I am alone, or even just to my own thoughts I become supper deeply depressed cause I have nothing to distract me from thinking stuff like , I should have been more forgiving and humble to Darcy, I should have paid more attention to jaydon and been a good role model, let him know just how much he means to me and even tho he's adopted by my aunt he is my brother by blood and i have always felt a special connection to him!!!!!! somebody he could talk to about anything and trust to do so, I wish I would have CARED enough to get his phone # and text or call him every so often to see how he is doing!!!!!!!!! I did forgive Darcy for everything that she ever put me through, but not until she was on life support unresponsive and couldn't even hear me forgive her and tell her how much I love her and thanked her for bringing me into this world. I wish I could have mand up and said those things to her when she was alive and well, and maybe she would still be here, same with jaydon, if I would have done those simple things I would probably still have them with me... one of my favorite quotes and has been for a long time is " You don't realize what you had untill it's gone". that quote applies to my life and means so much more to me now cause I fully and truly feel and understand it now on the worst way possible... i have never ever ever missed anybody as much as i miss those two:/ I have never came close to this sad or have mourned over anybody as badly as I do cause of BOOTH of there absence.... the fact that jaydon would kill himself without even trying to reach out for help kills me and Tears me apart. Am so angry, depressed and sad that he would leave me here to grieve and always have to wonder why he did it..... I am driving my self insane!!!!!!!! BUT I simply can't help it like I said whenever my mind is not distracted it goes back to autopilot and it seems impossible to get my mind off of the thoughts, and i can't handle this anymore!!!!!!!!! I really have made myself so crazy about it that I wish to be dead as well... so I don't have to live with this emptiness, this shattered heart, the inability to control my thoughts about them , what I wish i should have and could have done to make them feel loved and important and maybe change a thought or a choice of there's so that they would BOOTH still be with me... but no, i sit and think and think and think, and since I can't go back in time and be a better person to them and have them still be with me I feel like I have to end my own life to get out of my own head, to get rid of the unhappiness, uncontrollable insanity that is my life...:/ I don't express my feelings to people very well especially my family... My girlfriend DOSENT want to hear me say that I want to die anymore so I feel hopeless and am scared that I will end up killing myself soon, cause I give up now and im basically done trying:/