I bought some razorsI've been trying to make it work for so long but it's just not working. No money, too much anxiety, too much everything. I can take drugs that put off my problems - amphetamines and benzos - but it always comes calling. Every time I overdose on benzos to keep myself from a suicide attempt, I put my life further into the hole. And if the amphetamines give me some optimism and hope and power to take control of my life, they hurt me too, my muscles, my kidneys, my brain, and the more I use them the more the positives drain away and when I'm not using them they make it all worse.

It's a real shame because I'm smart and I have some expertise in a field that I enjoy but I just can't make a job happen because I have too much anxiety. I've been doing sex work that I absolutely hate to barely make it month to moth because it's the only thing that I can do. I have no friends and have never had a relationship. I don't know what's wrong with me - autism, bipolar, adhd, depression, whatever. I don't want to worry about money anymore. I don't want to have to get back on camera again.

I'll be 24 very soon. Still plenty of time to find a meaningful life. But I am so worn down. Every day is a struggle.

People say I'm attractive. People say I'm smart. People say I'm so capable of anything. People don't fucking understand. There's so much negativity out there and ignorance. I can't get away from people's prejudices and ignorance. I've only met **one** person who has ever made me feel understood at all and of course they're not in my life anymore. I feel completely alone.

I never reach out for help anymore because all I get is assumptions and ignorance in return. Therapists get sad when I talk to them, not to mention I don't have the money for one right now. The only place I've ever felt like I made true progress was in the mental hospital, but without outside support I was bound to fail. I'm not capable of organizing the support I need and I don't want to go back to the hospital. I'll just be further in debt that I can't pay.

Last time I bought razors I slit my wrist in the store and showed it to an employee just so I could get a little thrill and maybe have people fuss over me in the hospital. I don't care about that anymore. I know where my arteries are this time. To think, I wanted to be a doctor. Death seems like release.

I think I will drug myself to sleep today but it is coming. I have the razors and my life trends strictly down.