I have no purpose.Every day I’m thinking about how much money I need to give to my parents for rent while simultaneously going to school commuting through the transit system.

I can only make 13,000 a year otherwise the tuition from my fathers veteran assistance won’t help pay for my college anymore. I’m apporaching that limit rapidly. 

I give my parents money and they give me no kind of respect. I also go to work at a fast food place with little money and get treated like shit at work too. Sometimes I come home from work at 4:15am to find out my family decided to have pizza and stuff the trash can forcing me to take it out. It’s these little things that build up in me and just make me crack a little each and every day.
My stepmom basically called me worthless when I forgot to take out trash the other day and I just flipped out and told her that I pay rent and shit. She flipped out on me and said that doesn’t matter.
My dad hardly speaks to me, he’s busy all the time anyways. When he is here, I try not to speak to him. He’s always judging me him and my stepmom calling me a hermit, saying I’ve been in my room all day.

I would come out of my room if I wasn’t judged all the damn time by them and they didn’t passive aggressively talk shit all the time.
My stepmom also likes to make me feel guilty because obviously sometimes I only have enough money to feed myself and I can’t get everyone food.. but sometimes I come home and she sees me eating something and she just says “oh great, thanks for thinking about us.”

Even though there have been countless times where I have ordered pizza for my little brothers and all of my family, she complains about the times where I don’t get them food.
The trade off for me getting myself food is that I rarely eat at home so that there is more food for my family. 
I feel trapped in this house without a car and only my bus pass to take me places. 
I mean shit is this all life is?
Just making money till you die, receiving little to no respect from people and just working for nothing?
I mean don’t get me wrong I know I sound whiny in this post but come on, how can one stand the terrible monotony of stressing about how much one makes and whether or not they do everything right.
What sucks is that my parents flip the script on me and say I’m an adult to figure everything out for myself and yet I can’t sleep over my girls house without their permission and shit.

I’m done just with this. This world is too tough for me. I don’t give a shit if my dad reads this after I’m gone and he calls me a pussy and selfish.

Well this is for you alone dad. Ever since I got out of highschool 3 years ago you have done nothing but make me give you money. You have never tried to talk with me and hash out shit. And tbh I’m scared to talk to you because I’m afraid you’ll hurt me one way or the other. I know you think I’m a punk because I didn’t join the Marines like you. I’m sorry dad I’m just not as tough as you. 
To my brothers and sisters: This will be second attempt at suicide and the final deciding one. I’m sorry for being selfish but I can not be strong enough to pass messages and try and communicate between our broken sides of the family anymore.
I have been stretched thin and now it’s time for my neck to finally snap.


And to the reader of this: I know you think I’m worthless and that these problems are childish. That’s fine. I don’t care. I just want to see my dead mother again.