33 Male Epileptic and Unemployablenot sure what to really say I just need somewhere i can say this without freaking someone out - Im just a failure at life overall -i gave it my best and my best just wasnt good enough  I come from a crappy little no-horse town in Southern WV, I was always the "smart kid" and never really fit in there though. Mom was a hippie and everyone thought she was a witch (its a very small and backwards place) and my having seizures as a child only made that speculation and harassment worse. Thought i would go off to college and make something of myself but it didnt really work out that way.   several years ago I quit school and moved back in with my parents -after a long illness they passed away - mom then dad just under a year later. After that I moved to a city looking to start over and find work but i have Temporal lobe epilepsy  making me an  unemployable waste.   looking for a job with epilepsy is completely fucking pointless 

 from wikipedia - "Stigma alone can make it more difficult for people with epilepsy to find jobs. Even if one's seizures are fully controlled by medication, or if the condition has been completely cured by surgery, many employers are reluctant to hire a person with epilepsy."
 they have a gift for understatement 

and more importantly ..."In the United States, while the Americans with Disabilities Act does not fully protect persons with epilepsy from discrimination in hiring practices, the Social Security Administration only considers people with epilepsy "disabled" and thereby eligible to receive benefits if the condition severely limits one or more major life activities. Employment may be hard to find or perform for many people with epilepsy, but not all are eligible for government-sponsored disability payments."

so we're not protected by the ADA -AND not "disabled" for purpose of receiving disability benefits -how they can say I'm too disabled to drive and somehow still not "disabled" is a farce. and although I'm not "required" to disclose -not having the licence is an immediate give away and they ALWAYS ask no matter what the law says - if I lie about the reason and they find anti-seizure drugs in pre-employment drug screening (which they always do) OR I slip up and have one at work - they fire me for lying on tha application, and if i dont lie - I never get hired in the first place and they make up or don't disclose the reason or like the amusement park they give me a letter that no doctor will sign (and they KNOW no doctor will sign) absolving them of any responsibility. I'm tired of bullshit like that receptionist at the Dr Geiger's (dentist i tried to go to - still havent gotten any dental care at all a year later) office running me off after he refused to treat me (I had money - he just refused to treat an epileptic -shouldn't have been honest on the "any medications" part ) then his nurse said "people like me shouldn't be allowed in public around "normal people" or the horrified looks (best case) or threats and harassment from strangers if I DARE to have so much as a 'tic' in public. 

I just dont want to be a burden my sisters  simply cannot afford to keep me up indefinitely  and i hate how im just never going to be able to have a life. no wonder the women ive been with have been physically abusive im fucking pathetic if i didnt live in the first world id never have even survived to adulthood. hell maybe everyone in mingo who said i was some kind of demonspawn were right i dont even know anymore 

now i cant even get away in my sleep having awful nightmares about being beaten and humilaited everytime I sleep ive got to end this i dont have another choice I'm tired of feeling humiliated, depressed, and hopeless. I'm unemployable and in America that apparently means you are unfit to live some people will be thrilled to see me go glad that another 'useless eater' gone and those that are saddened will be better off economically whether they realize it or not. i'm so sorry i was such a failure i tried  just wasnt good enough 
