I'm a survivor guys , the feeling is saturating finallyHello guys , 

I've been feeling suicidal for more than 8 years. I have those tendencies regularly. These days I've observed that the urge to commit suicide has gone down drastically , though I occasionally have those gloomy chills. 

How'd I feel back then , during depressive days?

\- Horrible about myself 

\- Low self esteem 

\- Disturbed mental balance

\- Purposeless life

\- Addicted to so many bad things

What did I do to better myself? 

I've tried and tried so many ways to get help , to get better and live a good life contrary to my erstwhile Nihilistic approach to this beautiful chapter named "Human Life"

Here's few things I did to change my outlook towards life and reduce suicidal tendencies by a marginal amount:

\- Took therapy three times in 8 years

\- Went to a psychiatrist twice for drug , alcohol and smoke  de-addiction

\- Understood that I was at fault most of the times with my behavior towards others .

\- Started deep meditation and journal writing. This has proved to be very effective.

\- Started setting small goals and then huge goal. 

\- Got rid of negative people who'd get me down making me feel worthless. My phone now has only 4-6 contacts ie my mom , dad , brother and couple of best friends. 

\- Started pursuing my hobbies - art , sketching , poetry etc.

\- Though I crave for relationship I've come to peace with the fact that I may have to be alone for most of my life. 

\- Understood that suicidal feelings make me more stronger , that I can do way better if I survive the phase. 

\- Reading self help books .

\- Talking out with family members , spiritual guru , best friends about the complex issues I was facing.

Every time I feel suicidal , I'm becoming stronger because I'm doing something huge in life , which otherwise I wouldn't if I were dead. I'm give my two cents to the mankind by making myself better first so that I can spread some hope , if need be. Though I need to improve my life a lot , I have tried my best , battled plethora of odd situations only to be here. I still screw up things occasionally , but every time I extend my life span , I learn something new , something better which I'd have not dreamt in the wildest of my dreams. 

Today , all those things that gave me panic attacks , anxieties seem quite weird when I look back. I can't believe I went through those feelings. I was average , I was mediocre. But not anymore I guess. 

Good luck to all those battling depression and other psychological issues. I still do face issues but I'm battling them with courage knowing that I have a chance to end it all any second but I try to live every time. If anyone wants any suggestions , feel free to message me. I will try to tell my experiences. 