First Post: A RantI’ve had this reddit account for about 6 years now and am now breaking this lurking streak of mine to make my first ever official post here because I can’t keep any of this in anymore. Last year in the month of November something happened to me. I don’t wish to talk much about it now because I feel like it has been overly-discussed in my life and it just makes it emotionally tiring to mention the specifics of this incident again. But ever since then, for the past 8 months or so I have never wanted to leave this world so badly. I used to talk to my closest friends about this and ranted to them whenever I’ve felt my lowest, but I think that eventually they’ll get tired of me doing so, and hence I’ve since stopped. After all, they have their own lives to live too, and frankly I feel that they are all too busy to care. I don’t blame them though. Anyway, as a result of that, I have never felt more alone the past few months. Everything that I have been feeling is kept inside of me and there’s no one I can really talk to. Yet, despite feeling lonely, for some reason I choose to push away those that care, opting for isolation instead. Occasionally I deactivate my social medias, delete the apps, and turn off whatever notifications I have on my messaging apps. I don’t talk to my family much anymore, and find it really tiring to even answer back with a simple “yes” or “no”. 

Many times I’ve thought about ending my life, but I never seem to be able to find the courage to do so. Often I would sit at my balcony at home just finding the courage to push myself off the edge. I’ve tried constantly over and over again “researching” on ways to kill myself, tried mixing alcohol with my medication and thinking up ways to leave this world. I find that suicide is constantly on my mind. I’m currently serving my National Service in the military now, and in the past when I’ve handled live rounds, the thought of everything ending with the simple squeeze of a trigger often drifted through my mind. Thoughts of hanging myself in my bunk in camp were common too. I’ve recently started self-harming, something I haven’t done to myself in 4 years. I feel like the only reason why I haven’t ended myself yet though, is because of the people I care about as I don’t wish to cause any inconveniences or pain to them. But I can feel this sentiment slowly going away and that it just isn’t worth it anymore. Doesn’t help that they are slowly drifting away from me. Honestly in the past, I have always thought that suicide would be the way I would go. After that incident last November, that idea seems way more believable now.

Sleeping is hard for me. Often I can’t seem to fall asleep at night, whereas in the day all I think about is sleeping. When I am not in camp, I tend to drink as much alcohol as it takes to fall asleep, else I would lay awake for hours. Every night I go to bed wishing that I won’t wake up the next morning. And when I do, the feeling is horrible. The simple things irritate me, but sometimes I am just too tired emotionally to care too. I live the days of my life right now with a huge lack of motivation, feeling as if I am a zombie of some kind, just sleepwalking through the days. I’m always on either side of the spectrum, either I don’t feel anything or I feel everything, and it’s really tiring either way.

That concludes my first ever reddit post.