EvilAfter a long, strenuous four years I finally decided it was best for my gf and I to break up. We had a crazy past filled with highs and mostly lows. Before the break up I attributed this to normality. I'm not trying to take away from the time we had, and being this wss my first real relationship I decided to keep going much longer than I should have. 

I only have one friend, and we have been close from age 12-23. He always tried to be there for me when he could, as did I. About a year into my relationship with my girlfriend I sent Snapchats out to a female and received some as well. My gf found out not even two months later from my best friend's ex after those two broke up.

This happening two days before her parents divorce, set her on a destructive path, but still having to rely on me for help. I lived with her at her parents place at this time so it was a big change for the whole house.

Since my friend lived an hour away from his job, and I lived much closer, the newly single friend basically moved in. Things were rocky for the rest of that whole summer.. I slept 11-12 hours a day and worked just to come home to an unhappy house. The last day before my gf and I moved she totaled my car at 4am, with my best friend in it. I left the vehicle around 1am because of fighting. So who knows what really happened.

Fast forward to two months ago. I broke my girlfriends heart and told her all of our problems would never go away, and things only got progressively worse through out our relationship. We had a puppy together, she kept it. 

A few weeks ago my friends gets a text from my ex simply stating she always loved him and thought they had a special connection. Her mother believes she is simply saying her goodbyes as a friend, but she didn't even tell me she loved me or goodbye. In fact, she told me she was "pretty much raped...he said all the right things" and then have me his name. I blocked her instantly, knowing any further conversation would surely lead to insanity.

I saw her tonight, not even 10 feet from the same guy she was talking about. And I haven't seen my friend for almost two weeks, it's almost as if he feels some sort of way. He tried to tell me she wasn't for me many times, but I never believed him.

Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. She has turned me inside out, and all I wanted to do was the right thing. I'm mentally exhausted and I just feel like my life has no meaning now. Everything I have let in has destroyed me. I'm afraid if I don't end myself I will end up hurting others.