I really don't feel okay and I cannot validate my suicidal thoughts and feelings. I'm looking for opinions.Help is not on my mind, let's get that straight. I don't know what I want honestly. I'll accept anything. 

I love my friends. I absolutely love them to bits. They are all a grade higher than me and so they have continued to their college lives. They are exploring a place I cannot reach, and I was already so far behind. I cannot keep holding out for the glimpses of happiness that I hold dear when we all can meet in the sparse spare time. I feel that it is not often returned my way, and how could I blame them for that? I don't, I only blame myself. Barely have I known most of them for more than four years, and I feel so foolish to love them all so dearly when I cannot expect the same. This is unhealthy and I know it won't mean a thing in two years. I'm stupid. 

I don't and I can't keep fighting toward happiness anymore. Maybe I'm just lazy as hell and can't hold my own future straight in my head. I had decided that the end of this year was it. Being 16 and a girl, who is often said to never fail and always be perfectly happy. I'm not. I'm sick of pretending. I'm sick of trying to be happy and feeling the genuineness slip so quickly from my fingers when I feel a pretender in a crowd of wonderful smiling people. 

So often do I feel sadistic. I want to let the façade drop and see what people think, "who the f\*\*k cares now huh?" "What will you label me, attention seeking, pitiful, weak?" "Am I broken in your eyes? Am I as disappointing to you as I have always been to myself?" I feel it's wrong to want people to be sad if I go. I want them to miss me, even though it won't mean a flying f\*\*k when I'm gone. I need validation from others, and it makes me feel weak. Always it is said to 'seek help from others', but that makes me feel weak. I feel unvalidated or unworthy of help. I am not supposed to be faulty, I am not supposed to need help. They are manipulative questions to ask of someone and ones I have always despised. "How could one I thought so highly of think of them-self in this way?" I do not want that. I. Do. Not.

I don't want to die. I just can't bare living any longer.

The weight of my future is so dramatically heavy and I cannot struggle under it any longer. 

I will make a list. 

When it is finished at the end of this year ... I will make my choice. 

I will write my notes to those I love. I will not insult them by leaving with out a goodbye. 

Thank you for reading this f\*\*\*\*\*g mess.