I dont know what to do anymore...I dont know how to start really...my whole life i've been deppressed and thought about suicide but not really like now, i always thought to myself when i got depressed ''atleast i have my health'' but not anymore... i dont even got that... about a year ago i got diagnosed with cancer in my leg and i found out that i wont be able to run, jump or bend my leg more than perhaps 90 degrees, also that my cancer is a sort of cancer that can spread in the blood (so to speak) so it increases the chance of it to return and it could reappear anywhere..
I just feels..like my whole life..something been giving me the middle finger so to speak whenever i get a little happy.. i never had much friends because i always moved around and were bullied, and if a got a friend if i didnt move, he did or like once my best friend of 7 years stop hanging around with me because he knew i were bullied .. but atleast i had my health i thought to myself...
Now i dont have parents who hate me or so but they fight alot, typical about money which i know is my fault because of this cancer.. my mom cant get a job because she has to follow me when i get my chemo and my dad had to quit his job recently...
I dont have any drive to live anymore, i cant handle the training to learn to walk again because i have to do it all over again because i need a new surgery ..my chemo's almost done but it doesnt give me much relief.. it feels like i lost the touch to the very few friends i have..
Last night i thought about writing a ''Farewell'' letter ..i've done this before but this time i were awoke the whole night thinking about what to write to each and everyone.. and thought about how i would end it .. im afraid of death but would i have a gun nearby i've might have ended it.. i've talked about this to my physic (thats what they are called in english i think?) my parents and my closest friends but they all just say the same thing ''just hang in there' basicly.
Sorry if this were hard to read.