The Longer I Live, The More I Want To Die.I've come to a point in my life, once again, where I'm growing increasingly suicidal. Just a few nights ago, a situation came up, where my god awful birth mother had the nerve to basically demand my brother (who was turning 17 the NEXT FUCKING DAY), that he move back in with her. He has finally learned throughout the past few years how abusive she was to us, how manipulative she was, and finally moved in with us. I wasn't there the whole time before. I had been living with my grandparents, but my grandfather kept emotionally and mentally abusing me. Every little thing was a disappointment and if I had stayed any longer, I was going to kill myself or him. Either one was bad, and I knew that. I called up my step mom and they had me move in right away. Months and months later, we moved back to my hometown and state (to support and help my brother, who had broken his hip in a sports accident. Mom wasn't bringing him to physical therapy and the home environment was AWFUL). Everything was good for a while once we moved into the new house. A good two months went by, and then I decided I was finally going to get my first job. As a mentally ill 18 year gay trans male, sometimes things were- VERY hard for me. I decided to apply for the McDonald's very close to our house. A 5 minute walk if that and boom, I was there. Of course I had anxiety on the job interview, but it wasn't bad. Was hired on the spot because I had a VERY open schedule, and I had orientation just days later. All went well, and I was training in no time. Now, this is where things got even worse. 2 weeks into the job and I was growing more suicidal, people were calling me "she" no matter how well I passed. I had a male uniform, Had my hair cut super short, wore my chest binder and even made sure to speak in a raspier, deeper version of my own voice. This KILLED my confidence and I cried every night I came home from work. My boyfriend at the time tried to help but I was was always far too depressed. I'd usually just smoke some pot, get happy again, ect- but soon I was having trouble even doing that. I wanted to kill myself. I was starting to plan, but then I snapped out of it again, told my parents about how stressed I was, and quit. Dad planned to help me get on disability so I could get money that way- because by that point I was switching between alters, my hallucinations were coming back hard, I was paranoid about everyone and everything- I was a mess. Soon, the family was struggling with money. I tried to keep doing stuff around the house, my brother was starting to look for jobs too. Suddenly, my panic attacks were becoming crippling. My first really bad panic attack happened after a night of being at my friend's house. She lives alone with her fiance, and I've stayed there before- but I was up ALL NIGHT. I couldn't sleep, and part of me blamed the energy drinks I had during the day. I never had a bad reaction to them, though, so I was so confused as to what was happening. Dad eventually wanted to pick me up, and while I waited for him outside, I got the worst feeling of my life. My eyes started rapidly twitching, my hands and face were going numb, I was gagging, my heart was pounding, my fingers felt oddly tense and I nearly blacked out. Fast forward a week to my next panic attack exactly one week later. Once again, I didn't sleep all night, but this time I didn't have ANY caffeine. I was starting to feel sick again. Nausea was always a breaking point for me since I have an extreme fear of nausea and anything vomit related. I was in my brother's room with his girlfriend when I suddenly had the urge to vomit. Got up, held in a gag, and realized my parents were in the shower. I managed to breathe through some of the nausea, sitting down on the floor. That's when the eye twitching and numbing started up. I called out to my brother and said that something felt REALLY wrong. Not minutes later did the worst symptom I've ever had happen. My body started to lock up. I turned into a human statue, only I could just barely move my back muscles. My wrists were bent so bad from the lockage that my right thumb was nearly touching my wrist, and my left one was almost as bad. My fingers were forcefully straightened, my shoulders were locked- it felt like I was being possessed. I could hardly breathe and by that point, my brother was trying to get the attention of our dad and step mom, and my brother's girlfriend had her hand on my chest to feel my heart beat. She said to me later that it was slowing down and speeding up randomly. Fast forward again to a while later- I had another one. But nobody was home this time. Not a soul. And what was worse? The internet went down. I had and still do not have phone service. That's when panic really set in. Nobody was there to help in case shit got real. I tried fixing the internet but nothing worked, and then eventually, I was debating on dialing 911. The nausea was getting to the point where I was leaning over the kitchen sink, nose dripping as I sobbed, and I started feeling myself going numb and my fingers felt partially stiff. I knew nobody might be home for HOURS, so I ended up calling 911. That landed me in the hospital, and the next, the psych ward floor of that hospital because of the suicidal thoughts that came with that after I was in a room. I felt constantly sick and was not okay. Fast forward again, close to 2 months after I was finally released- not because I wanted to but because I "wasn't a danger to myself or others" and "seemed to be stable". I had a horrible anxiety attack not two hours after I was home, and then stuff got worse. Money issues were worse than ever before, dad was spending a lot on beer, we could barely keep up with rent- and then... they decided to 'separate'. I wanted to kill myself the day he told me we were moving back to (insert state I moved to after I left my grandparents house). I had a plan and I was semi ready to do it. My brother, however, tried to keep me positive despite him also breaking down into tears (which I almost NEVER see happen). We finally moved here, but not to the place we thought. Instead of moving in with my second pair of grandparents (because of my druggy aunt and disgusting uncle- who isn't paying rent. Yet he refused to take us over them), and into our other aunt's house. It wouldn't be so bad, but my anxiety is through the roof, my depression set in again, and there's a kid here who just LOVES to be abusive and throw fits no matter how hard my aunt tries to control him. My brother is now gone, and I've been thinking about suicide again. I've never had thoughts or plans this serious before , and I even have the attitude of not caring about accidental death. My heart beat got funny last night and all I could think to myself was "I hope it's a heart attack" or something. I don't know if I'm going to make it to my birthday in a month. The world is cruel.