Need some help/advice for moving forwardI feel that I have reached an impasse, one where I think I need to get help. I really hate talking about my issues because I feel like a burden and frankly, embarrassed. I'm at the point though where I know I need help, though, so here goes. This could get pretty long, so if you read through it, I really appreciate it.

My life has been pretty bizarre, at least in my mind. Where things started really was in high school. I was a runner and ran competitively. I started to become pretty well known toward the beginning of my sophomore year where I was challenging seniors in races and toward the end of the year I was 2nd or 3rd fastest in the state depending on which race. Into my junior year, I started to win. And win everything. I only got beat a few of times throughout the last two years of high school. I ended up coming away with like 7 or 8 state individual state championships and a state meet record by the time everything was said and done. Now this all seems really trivial, until you start peeling back the layers. When you're at the top for that long, you don't realize that you might have some underlying issues and you can be sure that nobody else knows about them too. I began to pick up on them toward the end of my junior year.

I've always been shy, shy to the point where I didn't know how to make friends. I guess a social anxiety. I had one or two friends in middle school that I hung out with and that was fine with me. Nobody knew about me then. When I began to get really good at racing, I began to have the issue of not knowing who my actual friends were. Sure the buddies I made on the team were good, but I really only saw them during practice. Others began to patronize me toward the end of my sophomore year. It was usually along things like "How fast can you run a mile?" "How fast can you do this?" "How are you so fast?" and it became more frequent. Some people did it because they were legitimately fascinated with my ability. Others did it to spite me out of jealousy, but that was less frequent. Nobody really took the time to get to know me. It was just really empty. I began to think as time went on and after high school, though, is that people assumed because I was so popular that I had all the friends that I wanted, that I was so talented that I was almost untouchable to a lot of them. I wanted friends badly, but nobody seemed to notice. I attempted to make friends with people, and just seemed to drift from friend group to friend group. I was a nerd at heart, which nobody knew because those kids got tortured so I avoided them and looking back I wish I wouldn't have felt so bound by societal norms to go hang out with the other nerds in my class. A lot of the issues I had were of my own doing, but I didn't realize it at the time. And then there were people who wanted to be around me because of my status, but those things didn't last usually. I can't hold a conversation well, so I was usually a bit awkward.

When it came to relationships, I didn't have many, but they lasted a while. The first girl I dated was another talented athlete and she was one of the fastest in the state. It didn't work out because we were a little too different. The other relationship I was in was with a girl I had been friends with for close to five years when I finally asked her on a date. I fell in love with her pretty quickly. Things fizzled out toward the end of my senior year and that was the end of the relationship. I was uber focused on running and I felt it unfair to her to continue the relationship without being able to pay attention to her. At the end of my senior year, I moved states and went to a college in a state nearby my new home.

This is where my social anxiety started to really take a toll on me. My freshman year of college I was having a really hard time making friends. The allure of being in college was intoxicating so I didn't notice anything until the end of that year when I got an injury. I was out for six months. There I began to learn that I have an addictive personality and my social disorders became prevalent. I went through a depression and contemplated suicide a couple times. I had the one thing I had been doing for nearly a 8 years almost every day (running) taken put from under me and nothing to show for it. I started going to parties every weekend but the weird thing was is that I couldn't bring myself to drink. Instead I sat there watching everyone get drunk and wishing I would do that, but couldn't bring myself to do it for fear of it impacting my running, and so I grew to be alone. I went to class then would go home and watch tv. Eventually I began doing nothing at all but sitting and staring at the wall in front of me. I turned to porn and that became an everyday thing, a terrible habit among other things, just to not feel alone. I tried to go to a church group and for a while that helped and I began to get into relationships again, but I didn't realize that I was doing it just to not be alone. By that time I was back to running but that was never the same again. My self confidence had taken a serious hit and I was frankly not used to people patronizing me. I almost wanted it again because at least someone would be saying something to me. My teammates were also very different than I, so it was a culture shock. I made enemies with some of them and decided to transfer schools because I had dug a hole for myself there I couldn't get out of.

The relationship side was just as bad. One girl I legitimately liked ended up dating some other guy because I didn't notice that she actually liked me back. I went to raves and dances and tried to meet girls. But with my conscience, I couldn't do anything sexual. I never slept with anyone. I ended up dating one last girl the last three weeks I was at this school. After I left for winter break I drove 4 hours to her place to meet her family, spend the weekend, and hang out only to have her tell me she didn't want a relationship on the first day I was there.

I visited one school after my decision to transfer and ended up going there. It was a small school and a nice place, and at the time I needed it. I began to deal with some of my social issues, but a new problem arose- everyone was already in their cliques and friend groups after freshman year, and I was the new kid on the block. Nobody knew me, had seen me, or wanted to approach me. I was so scared about messing things up again at this school that I decided to live in an apartment by myself, another huge mistake. I began drifting once again, friend group to friend group. For the next half year I was even further in a depression. The injury I had previously gotten took me out for half a year. I ran for half a year before this transfer. I got injured again about a month after being at my new school. This took me out another four months and I was in a cast on one leg. I ended up getting back into running and into a church group to help me with my issues, afterward. All this time I stayed out of relationships, partly by choice, part by not. I think I was just too shy by this point for anyone to notice me. After the way I was treated by my old teammates at my last school, I was distrustful of everyone. One girl that showed interest in me just wanted a one night stand it turned out so that was another blow to my confidence.

Over the summer I made a point to get myself back in order. I met a girl (I'll call her R) before the summer got over and for some reason I couldn't stop thinking about her.  Maybe it was because I was alone, Idk. But I made a point to get myself squared away before I saw her again. I ended up doing a pretty good job of fixing myself (I thought) and ended up dating this girl for nearly three years. I found out she was extremely controlling and it hurting me a lot. She ended up going to another school after she graduated and we dated about a year before I broke up with her. When it was over, it reopened wounds I hadn't dealt with for almost three years. In this span of time (the last year of dating her) a roommate had died in his sleep from complications with diabetes and a flu. That was a tipping point and made me rethink my priorities. I decided I needed to focus on school and not running. The school I was at was not going to cut it. I transferred one more time and the running friends at my old school have not been able to forgive me for making this life change so they no longer talk to me. So I guess are no longer friends. I needed some stability in my life which was why I transferred. A year after I transferred was when I broke up with R. I began throwing myself at anyone who would take me and started to go into another depression for a few months and shut myself away before I realized what I was doing to myself again. After a while, I knew I needed to get over this breakup and get myself in shape. I decided to not date and focus on school. I began to mellow out. 

It's been two years since this breakup. In that time I shifted my focus in life and feel like I've gotten myself squared away. I began to make friends and be more confident in my abilities and myself as a person. I wanted to get my confidence back, my sense of mind back, just be a normal me again before I got into a relationship again- to be stable before I got close to someone. But with everything, there's been some scars that I haven't been able to get over. I don't feel like I'm date-able anymore. I've gotten better about talking to people, but with girls now I just lock up to the point where my chest feels like it's caving in and my mind goes blank. I'm starting to fall into a depression again on and off, some days are better than others. But this one feels different than the previous depressions because I've consistently contemplated suicide, frequently every week. The rest of my life seems in order, and I have some good friends and buddies all around, but I feel so alone anymore it's hard to get through the day. I'm fine on the outside so nobody notices how lonely I am. My grades are slipping, I'm skipping meals consistently, and it's hard to even get out of bed. I feel ridiculous for typing this all up, but I just need advice or help or something. I'm afraid I might put a gun in my mouth if I don't do something soon. Idk what to do. I'm sorry this is so long.. I just needed to get it out.