Just had the scare of my lifeYesterday was a shitshow of unfortunate events. It started out normally, and my sister was about to leave for a trip to a beach with this boy we'll call J. My sis and I are still under my mother's roof and so we abide by her rules. Though she has been very lenient with my sis since she's only recently been driving and is accumulating more friends thanks to her job at where people of all shapes-and-sizes work. My mother doesn't expect to know all of her friends, but as a mother does, she is nervous about her hanging out with boys alone. I totally understand why she feels that way of course, but the paranoia drives my mother up the wall. 
This is usually how these sorts of things go; my sis is invited to hang out with a friend which happens to be male. Sometimes on short notice these plans happen and my mother is a little rustled by the sudden plans. (She's the type that plans way in advance..) My sis loves to indulge in make-up and cute clothes that my mom thinks might bring a guy to get some.. ideas. But my sis texts frequently and comes back home safe and sound and my mother is put at ease. But yesterday, oh boy was yesterday a domino effect of abnormalities.

 So, like all the times before, my sis left for a spontaneous hang out with this guy J. This guy happens to be one of the guys my mom and I have not had the pleasure of meeting. My sis knows J has a crush on her, but she's unsure if she replicates the feeling. If my mom knew J likes her that way she would have a heart attack, but I kept that to myself hoping she'd make smart decisions with this anonymous boy.  Well, the first thing that sparked concern was her lack of response to my texts, snapchats and phone calls for hours on end This is unusual, but happens sometimes if shes busy or driving. Nothing too bad, but this loud knock erupting from our front door was significantly more worrisome. It was a cop, carrying my sisters license plate. I could see my mom trembling as she stepped outside to speak with the cop. My mom knew, but I was oblivious to the fact that cops often come to the door of relatives who may have suffered injury or death with the license plate of the victims car, if the accident occurred in a car crash. My mother came back and told me that the cop found this plate in a parking lot that traces back to my sis and our home address. I called my sister multiple times with no response or sign shes seen any of our messages, hours after the first batch from earlier. So naturally the panic rose. The next thing to worry us was this app we installed call life360 that tracks our whereabouts. My sister was not at the beach like she told us, but at some random park near a large construction site. I kept calling and calling until she picked up. But instead of my sister on the phone, it was a male with a heavy Russian accent. My heart raced so fucking hard I was actually shaking. I asked where my sister was and he said he never heard of her. I was afraid. So fucking afraid I wasn't sure what to say to him. For a split second however I heard a girly giggle in the background. I said I heard her and to give her the phone. It was J, pretending to be someone else too..prank me I guess? Ha ha funny right..? They laughed but I began to cry uncontrollably. My sis asked what was wrong and I told her everything, and I asked why she wasn't responding to mother and I and why she wasn't where she told us she'd be. She said she didn't hear her phone going off because it was on silent, (which is unlike her) and she said they decided to go to this park on the way to the beach instead. For whatever reason she thought telling us she wasn't going to the beach as originally planned wasn't important? Again, which is highly unlike her! She always sends a quick text of where she's going, but today of all days she thought it wasn't important? Today of all days she had her phone on silent? But I was so thankful to hear her on the phone and that she was alright. But fuck, what are the chances of all of these things happening one after the other? First I couldn't get ahold of her, then the cop, even longer with no response, then life360 shows her at a random location, and then this jackass decided to pull a prank on me over the phone? What the hell. It was all very jarring, but she eventually came home and we were all put at ease.

Now, about on why I decided to post this here and not somewhere else. This experience shook me by the shoulders and showed me what it's like, for even a moment to believe my sister was in danger and the possibility that I wouldn't see her again. I thought about how my death could shake those I love and care for. I always knew if I gave into my suicidal thoughts and offed myself, those people would grieve, but facing the possibility that I may not see my dearest sister ever again was absolute hell. It made me think that maybe this is the feeling they would feel for me, even if I did it to myself? Anyways, it just made me think and reflect a bit. I'm still planning on suicide in the upcoming years but it gave me a lot to think about.