I really like the idea of going out on a high note.Or, as high a note as possible anyway.

I have someone I usually talk to about my suicidal thoughts and ideas, and I hate coming to reddit for this, but I don't want to talk to them about this. Some of the reasons for that should be obvious, and there are others that I can't be bothered to explain. Not that it matters too much.

I've wanted to kill myself several times in the last few months, and not acted on it. Every time I was a mess - I'd be angry, stressed, whatever else. I've just failed my second year of uni and I feel like I have nothing to contribute in the future. I also doubt my ability to simply keep on top of things once I have to go out and fend for myself, based on how my depression has prevented me from doing that quite a lot over the past few years.

Last night was different. The idea of suicide was what calmed me, instead of making it worse. I've felt that way before, but I don't think I was as intensely suicidal then, so I was less likely to do anything towards offing myself. I have a long break til uni starts again for my repeat year, I have a trip to Japan lined up to visit an old friend who lives out there now, and it feels as good a time as any to subtly say goodbye to other friends. I like the idea of just enjoying myself right now while I can before I have to get back to uni and the struggle of reality.

It might sound ridiculous - if I 'm capable of enjoying myself now, why end it? The thing is that the idea of killing myself is what's preventing me from feeling completely useless. I suppose I'm cutting my losses. I've failed an HNC (equivalent to first year of university) before for similar reasons, I'm in a ton of debt, and I've been scraping through everything since school. I'm also studying music, which is hard work if you actually want to make money. I also feel like I've picked a useless subject (I'm in a really awkward space between absolutely hating people that go full STEMlord and sometimes kind of agreeing with them). I've been struggling to keep up with things lately, and I only see it getting worse as time goes on. I'm on meds and going through a second round of CBT, but it didn't stick the first time and I really don't feel as if I'm making much progress now.

At the minute, this is just a musing. I've had my method lined up for ages now, but there are things I need to do to make it work, and I need a plan for the actual event. But I've felt useless for so long that to be calmed by wanting to kill myself is so welcome, it just feels right in a way. I've done nothing to deserve all the good things in my life, and I've been unable to do anything for myself. Whether or not I'll actually do it (at least because of what I'm feeling and thinking right now) I don't know. Obviously previous experience suggests that I won't, but those feel more like surviving a rough patch, or just waiting it out. This time it feels like a real solution, and not just stress and self-loathing. It's hard to explain.

I don't know if I'm asking for advice as such, but I suppose if I didn't want any input I wouldn't be coming here. I also wanted to think out loud I guess.