Life is so strange and so very pointless
I didn't ask to be put on this earth, didn't ask to be brought into such an inequitable society, that is only going to get worse, and go even more downhill from here. Religions exist as opiates for the masses, and to control populations, nothing more and nothing less. I was foolish enough to devote time in my life in my younger days to such hypocrisy.
At 28, I have no job, no money, no friends, no life experience, no real family bonding. Just a sorry ass degree. No prospects. I don't even have my health. A diseased brain atrophied by years of social anxiety, which in turn has ravaged every opportunity I had in life. All my life I've suspected how badly I don't fit in, but now I'm lately realizing how *different* my brain was from the get-go. I've done everything I was told to do growing up, but I realize with how fucked up and a loser I am, how little chance I fared from birth. These things make me that much more resentful of people who won the genetic lottery in various categories. Bitterness burns in my veins.

What's the point of living on, when the future and my fate, is as clear as the public toilet? What's the point of suffering life's blows and indignities when there's no truly positive moments to balance out the sinister hands of fate. I have nothing but bad moments in life to come, that's the facts jack. I will be lonely and devoid of any reason to live, reeaal soon. No point in being subjected to the 9-5 wageslave office-drone life when at the end of the day you are so empty. That's assuming I even get a job, with the cutthroat competition I'm facing with my peers. Life feels so surreal, in terms of coming to terms with what existence is all about. Superficial lifestyles involved with acting fake and stepping on others to get what you want as a human. Or being smushed out of the right vagina into a lucky charmed paris hilton kind-of-life. Life and existence are so strange. Why must I be? Why must I suffer when I never thought I wanted this all in the first place? 

I find the Myth of Sisyphus to be ridiculous to someone that suffers like me. Why should I revolt against the absurdity of existence and continue living? Isn't that the whole point? That I can't find meaning or anything worth living for? So, I should end it all for that reason. Because life is absurd and pointless, and trying to fit in has always felt so strange and unnatural for me. The relief from my pains and agonies may not be felt in an instant, when shooting that bullet into my brain, but ceasing to feel the worthlessness and emotional pain that is my life seems to be a reason well-worth it to actually go through with the act. Fuck this gay earth.

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
