I have no reason to feel this wayI (24 M) actually have a really good life planned out for myself. Im almost done with nursing school (BSN), have a girlfriend who i love very much, have big plans and big dreams... yet i cant shake this feeling that im worthless and my life is pointless. I gain and lose wait like clockwork and can never find happiness in myself. Ive been numb off and on my whole life. Ive had crazy childhood trama (but who hasnt) and a "father" that hung himself a couple years ago. I still havent felt something from that. Idk whats wrong with me. I want it to end so badly, but i cant imagine the pain it would case to those i love. Im tired. Ive worked my ass off since i was 15 and im. just. tired.. Fatiegued from life. Success brings just misery, yet i cant be happy with myself without it. Im too physically tired to have active fun anymore. Im happiest when im doing nothing, so what is the point of being anything? I have horrible self esteem with myself. 5"11 165lbs and i feel like im shaped like a pear. Ive worked out for years (180 and a 200+ bench - news flash didnt make me happy), been anorexic (5"11 and 98lbs), been fat (5"11 205lbs), you name it and ive been that size. I get sad everytime i see my reflection.. Im so tired of constantly progressing and digressing in every aspect of my life. Im surrounded by happy ass people in my age range and i dont get why ive excluded myself. People around precieve me as this confident foofy kid, but im fucking not. Its a defense mechanism, always has been. Im so tired of having every reason to be happy and not being happy. Idk what to do. I need help. I think after writing this im gonna try therapy (after i stop ugly crying for no reason of course). 

Suicide is viable, yet in my mind, it's not on the table. However, i find myself fantasizing about it easily once a month. If i didnt think suicide was selfish i would have done it by now. Guess im a "people pleaser." Common trope of those with low self esteem. Idk why most of us here deem ourselves of unworthy of happiness. Were not. Its logical. Yet the feelings and thoughts i have had since i was 10ish are illogical emotions all telling me im a waste of space sack of shit.. and i feel as such.

I cant help to shake the feeling im doomed to follow in my bipolar fathers footsteps and kill myself in my late 50s so wtf am i working so hard for. Idk what im looking for out of making a long ramble on the internet to a bunch of strangers. Maybe its attention, validation, or just to get it typed out to make it real. Fuck if i know. Wishing you all the best in your struggles in life