I'm not going to die tonight. Help someone tonight who needs it. Don't give up.I've had a knife on my throat for the past forty or so minutes. I don't know how some of you have the strength to cut. I just can't force myself to do that. I'm too weak. I can't even do little cuts and work myself up.

I usually practice with the belt and door knob. I've stopped practicing a few months ago because the only thought in my head was the consequences of faliure. I'm trying to kill myself to be less of a burden, to be less of a waste. Everyday I'm alive I cost people money and time. I waste so much more every single day, and while it is selfish to kill myself and not try to repay everyone, it is more selfish to wait and let the debt and waste stack up so much more.

First, for hanging myself, it was the pain. I overcame that. Then it was that darkness of the vision. I overcame that, too. Now it's the consequences of faliure, like hospitalization (which would be an excess of waste). 

My emotions of joy and sorrow have been extremely muted since my severe depression (although according to an online survey I have a higher severe depression, which is ridiculous because I suffered far more in that period). I can't be happy for others when they take me to wonderful things, like an orchestra recently. I should have been happy for them. I just tried to take smiles. 

I've gotten good at fake smiling. I'm good with those social reactions now. I say the proper things, the proper social customs much more often. I smile when someone tells a joke and exhale air. I laugh quickly and loudly for funny things. I don't feel anything but I must be much less of a drag because of this. Hopefully less of a burden. 

I went on an online dating site and met and talked to several people. I feel awful for making connections with others. I can't feel happy anymore and I know in my heart and rationally that things will never improve. I'm just wasting other's time.

I used to constantly support others on depression and suicidewatch. Now I don't feel sad enough, just empty. I can't give anyone the empathy they deserve anymore! I haven't been able to respond to my fourth of July supportees because I haven't felt the proper emotions to give them the response they deserve, and I know they must feel even more awful to be ignored, which is a pain I know very well. What the hell is wrong with me?!

Is it possible to be psychological damaged and have your emotions muted after severe depression? Before I tried with all my willpower to perform suicide (which is very difficult mind you, it's not like guns are just available, and I won't ever take drugs to do it, I have to be sane...for some reason). 

I just wish I could die and stop being so fucking expensive. I can't say no because that would make others feel even worse than if I went. But they just ignore me anyway so my family is clearly forced to bring me along and provide for me. I don't like that at all. I don't like them but I am not a selfish person. I do everything I can to be as good to all as possible. 

I'm nihilistic. Everyone's an asshole to some extent. There are no or very few good people in the world. Humans by nature are neutral. I don't want to be a jerk and even though I am, I actively try not to be. Empathy above all else, a quality no-fucking-body seems to have.

Maybe I should try hanging myself again tomorrow night. Brain damage might "fix" me.