Contemplation is getting worse [long]I've been dealing with depression for a couple years now, since January of 2014. It all started with a really bad breakup with my girlfriend of 1 year, which was actually my longest relationship ever. Most relationships I've been in have only been a 1-2 week flings or one night stands. She made me feel worthless as a human being. During the last fight that we had, she repeatedly told me that I was worthless and would never amount to anything. Funny thing is, I was working 40+ hours a week at a factory back then. After the breakup, I started getting really bad depression and would drown myself in my work, working up to 70 hours a week, worked all the extra shifts that I could, regardless of the fact that I was sleep deprived and all I did was work. I ended up losing that job. It was also back in 2014 that I'd start contemplating suicide. Just thinking about it, sometimes with the intent of actually doing it. There's been a few things holding me back. 

First off, there's my mother. She's a saint. I couldn't ask for anyone better. She also deals with depression primarily due to the fact that she moved from Germany to Chicago 20 years ago with my father and myself after marrying my father who met her when he was stationed out there with the military. I'm their only child, and I can't bear the thought of her grief from my death whether self inflicted or otherwise. She could never really even bear me being gone for long periods of time.

Second, there's my dog.. I know it might sound stupid, but he's the one thing I really care about in the world. I got him after the breakup in 2014. I also can't bear the thought of how much he'd miss me if I killed myself. 

Third, there's my army buddies. I enlisted as an Infantryman in the National Guard in 2012 with the intention of going active duty. I couldn't enlist as an active duty soldier due to the yearly limit on how many high school drop outs they accept. I really feel that I'd be hated by most of the guys for doing it. Hell, I talked to one of my best friends in my unit about it due to knowing his views on suicide. He told me straight up he'd miss me, he hopes I don't do it, and I know that he won't be at my funeral because his view on sucide. He'd say his own prayer for me, but wouldn't show up to my funeral. One of my best and closest friends.

I don't know what to do with my life anymore. I really do feel worthless. Like I won't amount to anything. My 2 attempts at moving out of my parents house failed when I lost my jobs and I had to move back in with them. I can't find a job. A car accident a year ago totaled my car. I keep getting denied from jobs. Last night I had a pretty bad fallout with my best friend, who is also in my unit and is my ride to drill. I'm 23 and am going nowhere with my life. 

I had a relatively decent childhood, things didn't start getting rough for me until Middle School and High School. We moved to a pretty bad area and I got bullied a lot, and got involved with a gang when I was 12. I spent the next 5 years constantly getting into street fights on a weekly basis, smoking weed, and partying. I got away from that life when I dropped out of High School, cleaned out my system and joined the military.

Lately, I've been dwelling on all this more and more, and the thought of killing myself just appeals more and more to me. I don't neccessarily want to kill myself, but I don't want to live anymore. I honestly didn't even expect to live this long. I've been shot at, stabbed once, nearly lost an eye, nearly broke my neck and my back, and been in several car accidents throughout my life. I don't really see a point in life though. I'm 23, I lived a decent little life so far. I've seen and done a lot of cool shit honestly, and I'm pretty satisfied with my life ending now. I don't want to grow old, develop more health problems, have to be cared for, etc. So why not? Why not just end it on my terms? Is that really so irrational?