fuckI made a post on here before. I talked about my situation a little and how all my friends are leaving for college and my parents don't really like care about me. As long as i'm fed they don't really care about how I feel. I dropped out of school, my parents are pushing me to go back but I have no motivation to finish it, like I used to like hockey and computers but now I hate them. I feel like there is nothing left for me. If I can't feel happiness in my life what is the point of living. I have seen no signs that things are going to get better. I don't even know if I could get a job because I just wouldn't show up. That's how it was with school anyways. I still like talk to my friends through like discord and that. But it seems like more and more like they don't really care about what happens to me. I try and tell them that i'm feeling awful and they just ignore it. They don't really care no matter how much I try to get the point across that i'm not happy. I don't think I will ever be happy. I just crave to be like important to somebody but each day I see how that really isnt possible. I have no personality besides just being sad all the time. The only thing I do is play fucking video games all day and now I don't even get joy in that. I used to watch other people play games on youtube and shit but now thats not enough either. I've been pondering whether I should just like hig hike south and see if something finally makes me feel better. I should like just leave. No one would really notice. My parents probably won't tell im gone for like 2 days since they rarely even check on me. Like, no matter what I choose im not going to be happy. Im told suicide is not the answer but they don't really tell me why. I just want to like stop this feeling of just pain and being alone all the time. I've never once had an actual girlfriend or anyone who actually cared about me. I feel like no matter what I do im not going to actually meet anyone from how shallow I am. I push myself to talk to girls and it just hurts me everytime. I get ignored, told how i'm boring or just like actually don't matter. In school I wouldn't say I get really picked on but I have gotten the shit kicked out of me like 5 times for just like talking. I just like, wanna give up but I don't want to kill myself. I feel like i'm running out of excuses as to why i'm alive right now. I used to be fit and healthy when I was in hockey but now i'm underweight and almost pass out randomly when I get up or do anything. I used to have actual friends but they don't really like talking to me since they don't really have any reason to talk to me as im boring and uninteresting. You may think i'm assuming these things but I get told it repeatedly by my dad. My mom thinks she can like help me feel better but just gives up when I tell her what im feeling. My brother literally wants me to die like no joke. He wanted to stab me at one point and hid in his room. Hes disabled so I didn't really take it seriously but it still hurt. I just want to see an actual sign that I like i'm making this up but each day I just fucking get the same old thing. I sit waiting for my friends to talk to me on my computer. If I wait long enough I will try and talk to them but we just like play a game, get mad and leave. This fucking sucks and I don't know what to do. Run away, stay a dropout, go to school and just not do anything because I never have the motivation or just fucking off myself.

I know this is the least structured shit and I probably said a lot of the things multiple times but I just fucking hate feeling this shitty and empty. I just want something to change. Like anything.