I feel like killing myself because I feel like no one cares about meAs im typing, im just fucking bawling my eyes out. I'm a 20 year old old who's currently in college and working. For most of my life, I have been a pretty depressed person, and it just got worse and worse through the years. During those years I struggled making friends, struggled at home with my parents and with very cruel and abusive siblings. I remember very well how they would torture me, beat me and call me names that to this day haunt me. It sucked because no one gave a fucking flying fuck about me as a child. Didn't care to take care of me. Even when I hit six grade, I started to get bullied REALLY badly and though teachers saw me get bullied, they didn't do shit. They would see kids throw paper at me, throw water down my head and throw rocks at me and just look and turn the other way around. All I wanted was someone to care about me. When my siblings gave me shit, I had no caring parents to go to or they'd spank me for crying. I had no friends to cry to for comfort. If kids at school bullies me I didn't trust my parents, and my siblings just didn't care. And if my parents were the ones to beat the shit out of me my siblings didn't care. I just needed someone as a child, just a fucking hug to show that its going to be okay. And now, at 20, im struggling with childhood PTSD and going to a therapist &amp; a psychiatrist. I fucking hate this. Why the fuck do I have to be the one to come out fucked up? why do I have to be one working twice as hard? what sucks is that my whole life I have accommodate people to their comfort yet they can't for me. I mean come on, I do it too yet you won't? Fuck you. What puts the icing on the cake is that I was also diagnosed with bipolar disorder. It explains why SSRI's have failed me, and have only made my irritation worse. I just fucking hate this. I just want someone to show they care.

At the moment, I actually do have a boyfriend who's been supportive of what I do and has not been abusive. However, whenever I start to bawl or have a panic attack suddenly he can't hold me. He can't fucking comfort me. I have told him countless times to just hug me, let me cry on him. I don't need a psychologist as a boyfriend I just need my boyfriend to hug me and care for me. He says its something he can't do, he's even awful at funerals but he says he's actually trying to be caring just by sitting next to me and not losing it and leaving. 

But i'm so fucking sad because while my new meds for bipolar is failing on me, im losing my own sanity with my interests and self esteem and I want is a fucking hug from the person I love and I can't even have that. 

I just want to fucking die already. I'm tired of trying. I'm tired feeding myself bullshit optimism about living life. How life is somehow beautiful. How someone there is a "god" outthere. How about fuck you because god would be fucking cruel to let me suffer like this. To make me start feeling depressed at work and I have to work double to keep it together, then when getting to my car I just cry and continue to cry while im driving home. How about let me die? I want some peace. People have fucked with me my whole life, and it would of been easy simply if someone gave a shit about about me. Better yet, if no one fucked with me I wouldn't of care. I would of lived my life and continued to be a high spirited child that I used to be. And now, I still have this child begging to be killed. Begging to be killed just so she can just be in peace and no one be living in a life in which people can tell you that "well you're better off--you don't have it that bad." How about go fuck yourself? Every fucking moment I feel unseasy, and when I start feeling like shit I just feel like crying. I'm trying to handle and grab a hold of my own sanity. 


Please, if there is such a god, let me die. Let me get hit by a car. Let me die by a dangerous disease. Anything that will set me free from life. If there is such a god that cares, let me die.