I've destroyed my lifeI've destroyed my life. Everything I have to live for I've barred myself from achieving. Through my own making, I've distanced myself from my few friends and family. I didn't mean to upset all of these people so deeply, I just want to live my life the way I want to.

It first started when I upset my mom and her boyfriend over something very menial, but they overreacted and made my living conditions terrible, which prompted me to move out. I am now staying with a friend of a friend. I feel like I'm sponging off of her resources by staying here as long as I have already. This leads into how my friends are upset with me. I am no longer the happy go lucky kind of guy I used to be. I'm just a sad decrepit shell of my former self. 

This all greatly escalated 2 days ago on the 1st, because that is when my high school had its graduation ceremony. I had no way of getting there and when my mom tried getting her boyfriend to get me there, I didn't only just refuse his help, I openly denounced him. This then turned into a huge argument over text message about me trying to hold on to my personal freedoms, while he said that I was being greedy and that I robbed my mom of one of life's greatest moments.

I suppose it's true, I have robbed my mom of what should have been one of the greatest moments of her life. She has helped me immensely ever since I was young because of my autism diagnosis. All of the specialists predicted that I wouldn't graduate high school, I wouldn't be able to drive a car, and that I'd have no friends... I have overcame all of those  predictions and I am a very high functioning autistic person, most people are surprised when they here what I am. 

Since the start of this extreme situation for me, as mentioned above, I'm homeless, I also have lost my job, and I have no car. I have royally fucked myself economically, and I have no way of getting out of this. I'd honestly be better off dead because I can't see myself digging myself out of this.

TL;DR: I've destroyed my life. Everything I once valued is gone.