Bottle up and explodeI can’t stand this feeling of crawling out of my skin anymore. Of biting my tongue. Of being overstimulated. Of biting my fucking self on fire to keep everyone else warm. I can’t stand the well-meaning friends that I can’t be honest with, I can’t stand the friends that don’t give a fuck and never make any effort, I can’t stand my Well-meaning spouse that doesn’t know me anymore and doesn’t make any effort either. I can’t stand trying to make so many connections but being and feeling utterly alone.

I can’t live or die knowing I can *never* do enough for my child and it can never ever be enough because who can give her the sun? and if I’m not around it will absolutely NEVER be enough.

I can’t get out from underneath this guilt that will crush me. 

Crushed by the emotional weight of being alive, crushed by the emotional weight of the guilt knowing the aftermath that taking your life would leave your family in? Crushed by the weight of your anxiety, crushed by the weight of drinking to get through the day, crushed by the weight of the emotional burden of EVERYONE in your life on top of the emotional burden of just being me.

I’m in a zero-sum game. I can’t win. And I’m trapped. I have so much TO DO that I literally want to kill myself because I’m so overwhelmed. And I’ve never felt so alone. But I can’t check out because of my daughter, so I feel like an animal caught in a trap; chewing it’s leg halfway off but can’t commit. What a fucking failure. I seriously cannot believe that I am  29 years old and I am married and have a child. In a lot of ways, on paper, I probably look extremely successful. But it’s the biggest lie.

And I’m drunk and I can’t get drunk enough because nothing is going to numb this enough. I know I have a belt and a closet that would do the trick.

But I can’t do it, so here I am posting vague shit just to regurgitate some of this sickness inside of me that is poisoning every aspect of my life. And everywhere I go, everything I do, everyone I *become*, it’s always the same shit in the end.