My brain tells me I shouldn't keep trying, and I'm not sure I want to keep fighting itJust.. I'm so tired. Tired of fighting, of getting out of bed the days I do manage it and then getting shot down with a single word. I thought parents were supposed to lift you up, to help you get started on a life of your very own. Maybe I just wasn't meant to succeed, I have no clue, but I don't want to die.

I'm so tired of worrying. Every phone call, and I think as I see a caller ID appear, 'What now? What did I do wrong, what did I not do good enough?'

Because I *am* trying, god damnit, I *am* fighting every step of the way, and the excitement and joy I feel when I do succeed at something as simple as getting up and making my bed very nearly makes me feel invincible. But then they're there, my dad, with a patronizing 'It's not that difficult, see? Just keep doing that', and I think- did you not see how much that took out of me? Did you not see me struggle to eat those few bites out of my breakfast, just enough that I won't end up dizzy and shaking but not so much that I'll throw up if I get too panicked?

'Think about your poor brother, he hasn't been feeling too good.'

I know. I *always* know, why wouldn't I, when I'm the one who has to listen to you ask me for advice on how to handle it? Why would you ask your teenage daughter how to handle her twelve-years-older brother's problems?

Why the fuck did you bring me into this world if all I am has been reduced to this?

If it was my brother who struggled, would you say the same? What about me? Did you forget about me?

Would you miss me if I was gone? He's sick, and he has the papers and scars to prove it, so of course that must mean I'm just making it all up, right? Am I making up the nausea, too? The chest pains? What about the times I cry so hard I pass out and end up missing school because of sleep deprivation? Do you think about that when you tell me to 'Just do it'?

The logical part of my brain says seventeen is too young to be feeling like this. I don't know what to do.

This is me, I guess. In all my fucked-up, broken-down glory. I can feel myself sinking into that darkness, but it's comfortable there, so maybe I should just let it happen.

If this is life, I don't want it.