I dont know where else to go.I relapsed last august on heroin. I have been using since with maybe a couple days off at the most. I am completely and utterly convinced I am broken. I want to stop every single day but I wake up and feel even alittle sick I am calling my dealer sometimes at 7am. 
Did I mention I also had the girl of my dreams  move down to my state from Chicago. She was willing to give me the world. I instead took and took. I ran her off back to Chicago last month I still can get over that. We talk almost daily still and she told me to "prove her wrong". All that aside I wanna explajn my life right now.



This is my day every single day. 
I wake up at 630 get dressed while feeling "sick" I text my dealer at 7am I drive in my barely working honda civic to his house 15 miles away. I pick up. Come home and use.  Typically i buy 3 or 4 bags and tell my self to make em last. Well I fucking just do em all. Ok sooo i start working which requires my car around 9am and run it all day till 8pm. I will go to my dealers house 3 to 4 times throughout the day which tacks  a extra 100 miles at the very least. Typically I get my "after work treat " of 5 bags or so and will very very rarely save stuff for in the morning.  So right now I am out of dope and I didnt make enough tonight to get some in the morning. I just dont fucking care. I honestly think about offing myself every day anymore. This mindless fucking life is killing me literally.  

I  can get fentanyl which is very dangerous to use. I've thought about just doing a bunch in the middle of the night. I have wanted to buy a pistol for months also to just shot myself with. But the gun shows arent active cause of the virus and I have a history of drug use so I csnt buy a gun with any checks. So I'm just kinda drifting right now. I'm currently waiting on some back pay from the sba and unemployment for when I was furloughed earlier this year before I could go back to work. 

Its enough to buy a very nice reliable car I really want. So I am kinda just waiting for the day I get money back to me and I am gonna immediately go to a car lot and buy the car I want. I have told myself If I buy the car I need to get cleaned up cause this is like my last chance at being ok I feel like. I also go into day trading and made almost 2000$ but instead of reinvesting I took it out and wasted it. I just cant seem to stop. I guess I just needed to vent. I am really upset and I dont know how I'm gonna get out this mess I made.  I wanna stop so badly before I get  hurt or in legal trouble. Knock on Wood something goes wrong with my car  I would be done all my income gone. I just cant keep doing this my ex wants to know how I am and I have to lie. I'm tired of fucking being a loser who contributes NOTHING. 

I was told to get mad at the drugs and tell myself that to be mad. Not to be sad or depressed but to tell at it. Tell yourself its huge waste. You're wasting time and people dont feel sorry for someone who knows how to fix their problems but wont