Why are people universally opposed to suicide?If someone knows what I have been through, and the fact that I have very little hope for the future, maybe they might understand. 

I have seen a lot of videos on YouTube, for example, talking about why suicide is not the answer, but they have never met me, and I think maybe the reason they are so comfortable saying that is BECAUSE they have never met me. 

A lot of them say that you should think about your family and friends, but I don't have any friends nearby, and I am not emotionally open with my family, for good reason. 

I was just out for a walk earlier, and my thoughts really fester when I'm walking. Probably because I listen to music, but whatever. 

I was walking down the second-last street home, and I was behind a girl that had just come out of the shopping centre. I was about forty metres behind her, and she realised I was there. She started walking faster, almost running. She kept looking back to see whether I was gone. 

I have done that before. 

I remember I just asked a waitress for her name, and she looked so shocked. My friend asked me not to call her beautiful anymore, because it makes it seem like I'm attracted to her. 

&gt;I know you mean well, but you come off a little strong.

I can go on and on with examples, but I don't get it. How can you say that I shouldn't commit suicide, and also say I scare people by doing nothing? 

I had my heart broken by a crush in February 2019, and I have not recovered. That's why. She's about to get married to a guy that cheated on his wife to be with her, and I should stay away from strangers. 

I might ugly, or clingy, or weird or whatever, and I can probably "fix" that, but I want someone to love me for me, not just when it's easy. 

Right now, no-one cares about me, so the next person in my life will be there after I managed to "fix myself." In my opinion, that's nothing short of meaningless. 

I need them now. 

That girl that ran away from me will probably say the exact same thing everyone else said. She would probably be horrified at the idea of suicide... but it's not quite as simple as that.