I am fine... maybe.I was born into a bad situation sure. My mom was a drug addict and chose the drugs over me... oh well, its whatever. She's going to have to live with that. She almost got me murdered and raped by her dealers, but hey, no pity here it made me stronger. It taught me to fight. She didn't have the money for food, so I ate out of the trash (I was like 5-6). Soon, my dad found out she cheated on him and he left her. He remarried an abusive woman and I was constantly abused for two years. Tied up, duct taped, beaten, pinched, bitten, thrown down hallways, sprayed with bleach... etc. That's all good, she's going to deal with consequences... Sure she gave me trauma and trust issues, but I am also stronger and more cautious. I even talked to the school in first grade and they turned the other cheek. Soon, she also cheated on my dad and he left her... but only because she cheated. Whatever, I get it, every man for himself. I was then sent to my grandparents where I was safe, for a while. Soon there was a personal incident, but that's okay too, he will deal with the mistakes he has made. Karma's a bitch, God asks questions, and is the only true judge that matters after all. I grew up with them, safe after the incident until about five or six years ago when my dad remarried a somewhat sane woman. She is okay, but she is immature. She needs to find blame everywhere. She is petty, but that's another problem that does not belong to me. My dad is decent, even after everything he let me go through without talking about it a single time. Maybe he will answer for that too. They have taken everything they could from me. The one sport I was using to cope. My freedom. My childhood. My innocence. My emotional and mental stability. My trust. However, I'm somewhat grateful. These things affect me, but in the least. I have straight A's. I have great friends. I am getting the hell out of this place as soon as I can and am giving myself a life they will have never had. So maybe when they're sleeping at night or standing in front of God trying to muster up a half ass excuse, they will think of whom their actions really reflected on. 