Sick of tryingI'm exhausted. I have been working my ass off for two years to try and make a better life for myself. I got sober (alcoholic and cocaine addict), quit binging and purging (now I'm just anorexic... Yay...), self harm, cigarettes, indiscriminate sex with randoms, even biting my nails and picking at my face and I've tried to replace these unhealthy coping mechanisms with good ones (i am very involved in both AA and CA, i do meditation, tried exercise, creating art, therapy when I had benefits, helping others who are in need) but it's unbelievably hard and I'm so tired of fighting. 

My life *has* gotten better, my amazing boyfriend has bought a ring and is proposing soon, I got a certificate in my dream field, I've rebuilt relationships and left town for a fresh start and I love my new area. But I can't stop crying, I had to declare bankruptcy and give up my job and benefits because I can barely get out of bed. Having a shower or doing the dishes is like running a marathon to me. Doing laundry or going to work on a regular basis would be like going to the moon; not going to happen. I'm not living, I'm just existing, and I didn't work this hard to lie around in bed crying about how much I hate myself. 

I thought giving my everything would pay off but I'm still so depressed. If anything it's worse without the occasional breaks from the screaming rats nest in my head provided by drugs and alcohol. I threw myself into recovery and I feel like I've given this whole self improvement for life improvement thing a fair shot. Now that I have way less to be depressed about, I still feel the same way except also guilty because I have everything going for me. 

I'm tired of fighting for a lost cause. I've been calling hotlines, reaching out to friends and my sponsor, doing everything I am advised to do and nothing helps. I can't keep this up much longer. Every little thing that goes wrong makes my brain immediately run to suicide. I'm so down on myself and hopeless and I am out of options. Why isn't it working?? I still feel like barely human  garbage. I'm trying so hard, I don't want to destroy my boyfriend and my family and leave my poor cats behind. I feel like I'm swimming upstream and losing strength and just want to float away and finally know true peace. I'm broken fundamentally and there's no way out; I've tried every fucking door. 

I have no hope left. I used it all up. I can only see one option left and I'm so scared.