I'm feeling like suicide is just easierSo, this is a throwaway obviously. I want to shoot myself in the head instead of dealing with my life.

To sum it up I'm a premed that's failing college because I'm crippled by fear, funny enough, of failing. I am recently married to a wonderful wife that I adore beyond all else, and I can't support us cause I have no job skills and college is turning out to be a bust. My dad is supporting us for the most part but he doesn't know that I'm failing and would most likely cut off support not too long if I were to tell him. He's also a doctor.

I hate my religion, for long drawn out reasons. But it's giving me identity problems because of it.

And what's really putting me over the edge right now, is that I've been dealing with my wife's sister who is extremely overbearing. She always knows what's best and is never wrong, she belittled my wife last night at the super bowl game and after nearly 2 years of being married and biting my tongue I decided to speak and said, "you're being rude to my wife please don't" and when she started to get upset at my correction I said, "you're being a pill" and asked my wife if we should leave but everything seemed fine after 15 minutes so we stayed. I shit you not, that is exactly what happened. Doesn't seem like a big deal right? What a little argument. Nope, after about a half hour my sister in law leaves the room and starts bawling in the bathroom, of course her parents my in laws go to her aid and it turns into this huge thing. 
This morning my brother in law(her husband) asked if I could come over and help him tile some things, but of course he wants to discuss this argument that he didn't witness, and turns out my sister in law thinks I poisoned my wife against her, and a whole littany of awful things. I have always bit my tongue when she starts over exaggerating and lying and speaking empirically about things she knows nothing about, but this one time when I defend my wife I get made out to be this terrible villain. My brother in law begins to tell me about all the stress that they've been under and why she may be acting this way(since I've known her). And asks me to be considerate of that before I speak to her rudely like I did last night. I didn't yell, like she did, I didn't get passive aggressive, like she did, but asked her to be nice. My crime is calling her out on bullshit that no one ever does because this is how she reacts. This by the way is after we all lived together in the same house for a year, while my sister in law was pregnant so I learned a thing or two about her and I always kept my mouth shut when every fiber of my being wanted to tell her off after her constant belittling of her younger sister, my wife. 

Well to be the nice person, I said okay, and now I come home to tell my wife and I can't tell her how I'm feeling inside because that'll be poisoning her. 

I hate who I am. I hate that I have no job. I hate that I'm over weight. I hate that I can't ask for help in the premed program cause I get laughed out of the advisors office when I need help. I hate my sister in law manipulating everyone always to get her way. I hate that my wife's family now thinks I'm a terrible person.  I hate that my friends are all getting accepted to medical school when I can't even get into a gen chem class cause I panic every semester to the point that I can't even register for classes because it means I have to look at my gpa. I hate myself. The only thing that is keeping me from blowing my brains out right now is that if I were to do that, then I would be made out to be the inconsiderate person for taking the cowards way out. 
Why can't anyone be considerate of my feelings, of my stress? Why can't anyone come to my aid when I try so god damned hard to simply be a good person. 
I've thought about killing myself before  but this time I actually want to do it. I'm scared. I'm alone and I don't know what to do! Fuuuuuuckkk! 