Just wanted to share my story, not sure if anyone will read it but (:I grew up in a pretty broken home. Just like a plot of some show or movie: off &amp; on alcoholic mother &amp; a father with one hell of a temper. I’m the only child so I’ve walked through hell pretty much alone. My mom has manipulated me countless times throughout my life, I see through it now. I recently learned she’s done what’s called ‘parental alienation.’ She used to treat me as if I was her therapist. I put up with it because I was afraid if I didn’t, she’d turn to alcohol like she has many times before. She’s an entirely different person when she drinks; I don’t know the woman she turns into. I’ve always said that even though my parents are still alive, I know somewhat what it feels like to lose them. I’ve woken up to violent yelling &amp; screaming countless times throughout my life. So many times they haven’t considered my utter existence. I’m covered in scars from self harm. Thighs, hips, arms are completely covered in slashes. My parents didn’t know what they were doin when they had me &amp; I cut them slack because I knew I was their first kid. But damn man, there’s only so much a kid can take. I’m 17 now. A few months back I moved in with my grandma because things were so bad at home. I stayed there for a few months &amp; recently moved back home. Things are quiet for now, but the damage is done. They like to blind themselves, play pretend in order to sleep at night. I got diagnosed with ptsd from what they’ve put me through. When I run out of energy to keep my guard &amp; fake happy face up, they act like there’s something wrong with me and I’m supposed to fix it &amp; be fine. I don’t think I can fight anymore. Derealization has really gotten its grip on my mind. I have almost every symptom of psychosis, but of course I’m not gonna self diagnose. I just don’t know what explains how I’ve been feeling. I’ve never felt like this before &amp; I want to make it stop. I’m constantly prepared for war. The smallest things have turned to screaming matches that last for days, weeks, a month at the longest. The screaming fest that caused me to leave lasted an entire month &amp; started over some shit that never should have even caused an argument in the first place. I’m pretty sure I have 2 fractured knuckles &amp; 2 broken toes from that experience. I hit walls in order to cope. Things have gotten physical between them &amp; they fail to realize what that does to a kid who’s been put through things they never should have to go through. The damage is done. They went to jail for a few days when I was 6. I don’t remember nearly anything from that period of my life (and many other years, just gone, faded to black nothingness) because of the trauma. I remember one thing about the day they were locked up. I was bein carried on someone’s shoulders &amp; looking down at my orange fur-real-friend cat. That cat was the tiny bit of light in my dark mind. Now things are different, I’m numb to it all. It doesn’t hurt anymore. I’m just angry. I didn’t ask to be put into this shit, damaged this way &amp; have my issues looked down on. They could’ve grown the fuck up &amp; realized all this drama was bullshit because they had a child to care for. But nah, I can’t change the past &amp; neither can they. As a result of all the shit I’ve been through, I’ve grown into a cold hearted person that I hate. I’m emotionally detached from just about everything in order to avoid pain. I’m not the person I used to be. I no longer have any hope for myself. I’m ready to fly &amp; be free, escape this hellhole we call home.