VentingHello everybody this post really has no purpose except for me to vent and hope that one of you maybe understand how I feel or offer some advice.

After my recent attempt, I've begun to really realize all the things that have been increasingly hard to do. Eating, sleeping, showering, driving, getting dressed. All these simple tasks are so hard. I go days without showering at a time. Some days I eat all day but some days I have my first meal at 6pm. There is no routine in my life besides the routine of feeling like shit. 

I do have friends, not many but they're there. Perhaps I shouldn't be so hard on them but it really confuses me when they tell me to stay positive. If I could I would but I genuinely believe that I cannot get better. I can't see myself walking into my full time job after graduating university. I can't see myself even making it to university. I can't even see myself graduating high school this year. One think I do appreciate is that they are trying to help me. They would do anything for me to not feel this way and I am so grateful for them. 

Now I'm really not sure if this is a common feeling but after my attempt, I feel so numb. I don't feel sad and I honestly don't think I'll be trying to kill myself again just because I dont have hope that I'll die. Another thing I've noticed is how I've begun to isolate myself. I don't like being around my boyfriend and all my other friends. Talking to them isn't exhausting or anything but I'm honestly just kinda ashamed about what I did this weekend, which was attempting suicide. 

I really don't know what's going to happen to me. It feels like I will never get better. I'm probably going to therapy next week or so (depends on how busy it is) and I really don't want to go. Not because I'm nervous or anything, again I'm pretty numb right now, but because I just don't have hope things will get better. I dread waking up and getting out of bed. If it weren't for summer school I would probably sleep all day. I don't know what the future holds for me. All those things I've looked forward to in grade 9 just seem so unappealing and I really would rather not be here. It feels like I'm trapped in a bubble or stuck in a hole. It doesn't feel like I'm experiencing life, I'm dreading the sun when it comes up. The rain when it falls from the sky. This is my life now and I don't know how it ever got to this point. 

Edit: I'm truly sorry that I haven't been able to offer many of you support in the subreddits simply because I'm really not in the right state of mind. I'm really sorry and maybe one day I'll feel well enough so I can maybe help someone else not feel like shit. 