I don't want to live, but I can't do it to the people around meHi. maybe this isnt the typical sw post but suicide seems to be on my mind constantly and i need to get it off my chest

i go to a very prestigious american university but my gpa is god awful. i switched majors halfway thru to something "easier" but can't get my shit together no matter how hard i try (and i do try). ive talked to my peers and i spend so much more time studying than them and getting such poor results.

my parents are kind of enough to pay my college tuition despite the fact that they are not very wealthy. i should be grateful for this but the only thing it makes me feel is GUILTY, overwhelmingly guilty. i was a bad investment.
they are the only reason i haven't ended it yet, because for some reason they are still so kind and supportive (sometimes stern which is good too) and i know they love me very much. but at the same time i think they can tell something is wrong (the other night i didn't come home until super late and i found my mom downstairs wide awake shaking with tears). i can't stand letting them see me like this, but at the same time i feel so helpless to changing who i am

ok now here's what i feel really uncomfortable saying: i am looking forward to death, more than anything else in my life. and i don't mean, i'm looking forward to ending my suffering/pain, because on a day to day basis my life is O.K; i mean that no matter how good life is, death is always something i will be intrigued by and drawn towards. i'm not religious but i am a firm believer that consciousness is a fundamental part of the uni/multiverse and that our brief experience as apes on this rock are just a tiny part of the journey that we experience.

so this is the constant struggle i go through in my mind, every day. my deepest desire is to die, but i can't bring myself to do this to the only two people that i truly care about. but the prospect of living upwards of 50 or 60 more years is so unattractive

this post became rambly because i wasn't sure what i wanted to say here. i just wonder if anyone here has the same insane attitude towards death that i do, and what i can do to throw it off. because i know it isn't healthy (but i am SURE it is right)

*To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.*