I honestly don't think I'm gonna last the summer. Someone speak to me. Please.I suppose I don't need to explain the feeling of wanting to die to any of you, given that you're all too familiar with it. But then again, I suppose everyone's experience is different. I feel suffocated, like there's a vice on my chest. I can't breathe, and when I do, my breaths are sobs. I can't leave bed, nor can I even type properly. Any brief respite from the torture I feel is for shit, because it comes back, and this time, worse than before.

I don't really have many real friends. I rely totally on friends in other countries to help me out, and while they can make me feel better momentarily, I just can't overcome the feelings of worthlessness that I have. The closest person to me lives in another part of the country and while he's always so supportive and even gave me his number for use when I was suicidal, I feel bad for constantly relying on him. I've done this before with someone else and it ended awfully. I'm a dependent fuck. 

I can't afford therapy anymore, and I'm pretty sure my Prozac's doing jack all. This time last year I'd planned to kill myself. Stuff happened and I didn't. I've almost overdosed twice this week, and I'm pretty sure I'm easing back into self harm. It's the only thing that helps. When I feel like I'm gonna blow up, taking pills or just feeling pain takes it away.

I've felt this way since I was 12, and that makes it four years now. Fair enough I'm 16 and I therefore have no perspective whatsoever, but I'm still in pain. When others my age are out in the town centre getting food together or just hanging out, I'm in my local crisis centre being convinced that I don't deserve to die and go to hell. Funnily enough, I'm also atheist as fuck, so I don't even believe in a hell. I wish I did though, just to add that edge of self torture that I so rightly deserve. Part of the self hate comes with a case of Pure OCD that I deal with, based on things that happened as a child. I need to punish myself because of it. 

The truth is, that I'm just a terrible person. I'm an arrogant fucktard, and I always have been. The only thing I've ever had going for me is the fact that people have always considered me smart.  I play the guitar albeit badly, and was bullied out of the only band I've ever been a part of. There were days where I'd spend hours tearing up Metallica tracks or whatever. Now it can be weeks between jam sessions. I have no hobbies anymore. I've finished high school what I know are probably a shit load of A+s, but no happiness. 

The thought of death doesn't even scare me. It's like... meh. It's over. I know how I'd do it. It'd be quick, but I'm holding out for false hope. Hope that maybe things'll improve, but I honestly and truly don't think they will. 