There's no logic in any of this.https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/death/

This is the definition of death, and all pro and con theories of why death is good or bad, and all arguments "defeating" death isn't bad theories with the basis "life is good and death is bad" which isn't much of a basis at all. To be fair, I skimmed most of it, but I think even if I had spent the time reading it I would have found it unhelpful, because the basis is that life is good and death is bad. 

The problem is I don't see any issue with returning to the Earth and becoming one with the universe again as I was once before. It'll have been a really, really long time since I was lacking life, but I really think that this alternative is fine. 

I don't want to go to work tomorrow. I didn't want to graduate college because I knew I'd just have to go to work. I didn't want to do anything in grade school, with the hope that I wouldn't have to go to work. I don't want to work. I don't understand why other people do. I see no freedom in "attempting to find a job you enjoy" because ultimately you're still at the will of the people around you, and whatever creature generates wealth and sees fit to share it with you. I don't see the point of continuing to live if I have to continue to earn currency and trade it in exchange for goods. 

I don't understand why other people want to be alive. I don't really understand why I don't share their enthusiasm. I don't want to wake up tomorrow, or eat food, or talk to people, or play video games, or write another sentence or go to the bathroom or take a shower or literally anything at all. I don't want to be conscious. I wish to be unconscious forever. 

Similarly, I don't understand the point in owning things because they can be taken away. If you were to medicate this out of me, the medication could just be taken away and I would die anyway. Now I have to spend even more of my income buying medication to make me think that I want to be alive. I would die eventually even with the medication. 


I don't really see the point in spending however many more years to just end up at the spot I want to be in anyway, dead. Why wait? I can do it now. 

Some day I will die and somehow something will steal my carbon. 

A life long walk to the same exact spot. 