I am a suicide survivor and I want you all to know that none of this is helping.I am a suicide survivor (2009) and I still struggle with wanting to disappear and severe depression. 

I know exactly why I want to disappear and exactly why I am depressed...it's the actual state of the global economy and all the social issues in my country (some of which I've had to personally deal with). I am traumatized, I am alone, I am teaching online for not much money; I also can't work that much because of my PTSD and depression. I want social progress, but there are so many barriers and unhelpful attitudes as well as ignorance to break through--it all seems impossible. 

I also need help and protection, but not the institutional kind; I need actual human-to-human mutual support. However, this is difficult because I think very differently from most people--very few people can relate to what I'm saying and I wish this wasn't the case but I'm sorry--I'm in touch with reality and I'm not afraid to tell the truth. I also hate being fake, I hate being "sold" something and I am not a parrot--I don't follow the social script of conversation. 

I also express my pain and I am not afraid to cry. I think it is absolutely barbaric the way some people view human expression of pain and negative emotions as a sign of mental illness and believe anyone with the slightest bit of negativity must see a professional--it's absolutely inconsiderate and inhumane. Also, I imagine I could potentially be blocked or banned for daring to question the typical psychiatric narrative in our society, but I will try to anyway for hopes that someone can relate or possibly start critically thinking.

So many people are suffering; our society is abusive and it takes a conscious and feverous effort to not give into it. People do get abused over and over; by their family, friends and partners and even face further emotional, physical and verbal manipulation from the health care professionals entrusted to "help" them cope. 

The worst part is that people who suffer because they recognize the ethical decline and degradation of well-being in this culture are seen as the trouble-makers, the crazy ones and the "radicals"--simply for telling the truth. 

\[Oddly enough, the term "radical" is actually someone who wants to solve the "root cause" of our problems because the prefix "radi-" is latin for "root of".\] 

Now, when it comes to suicide; I rarely see anyone point out--it's probably reasonable to have those thoughts and feelings at a time like this. You are not wrong for feeling pain and despair when things are in such decline...it's normal and I believe it's abnormal if you are still "going with the flow", pretending everything is "fine". 

But if you do feel despair or have suicidal ideation, hang on. Don't act on these feelings; I know it's painful, I know it's unbearable but if you are in pain that means you understand when something is wrong and we need people who can recognize when something is wrong. I know we are struggling and I feel hopeless too, but we have to hang on--even if it's by a bare thread. 