I feel that death is the most appropriate option for me.Long-time lurker. Never had a reason to post.

This is very long and not worth your time, truly. But I needed to speak it into existence in some way so as to examine it more objectively. 

I wanted to express to someone how I think and feel in this state.

How it is a state different from others I have been in before.

To see if maybe anyone can relate.

I am a 24 year old male. A "recovering" meth and heroin addict (and consumer of dozens of other drugs, whatever was available.) A weak and pathetic spirit/life force/soul that even given the advantages and privileges afforded me by my birth into the middle class west, in good health, with a stable family; could not manage in this world.

I truly and honestly hate myself. With more intensity and fervor than I have ever felt against another person or institution. I hate myself, and so I know deep down too, even though those who are "socially obligated" to "love" me tell me I don't deserve to be hated like this.; do not deserve to suffer ; I know I do.

Considered in a social context only. The universe is entirely indifferent of course to the outcome of my life. This is often a comfort for me, to know that I am of little significance.

I can feel like a child. And this is essentially what I am. Pathetic, weak-willed, addled with psychological malfunctions of different types. I make these stupid fucking motor tics, expressed most often in the face, the eyebrows and the jaw muscles. God I just fucking hate myself. I express the signs and symptoms of someone who is "not well", in the psychiatric vernacular. My habits of hygiene take a back seat to micro-distractions, little bits of media like reddit to continue to try and forget that I really exist in the first place. I barely eat, even though I am blessed with the ability to not only do so at my leisure. I was struggling to hold on to the good part of me that could do something with his life. It is slipping so fast, I literally feel my mind shifting and changing. Preparing itself for death. 

The statistical balance of debits and credits that the nature of things keeps on the account of the existence of this life-form that I inhabit have shifted to favor an early death by a staggering measure. Myself on paper...to a doctor or scientist...not good. My education being in the sciences, specifically the chemistry, form, and function of the mind, brain, nervous system, imbue me with a mind that knows itself well enough to reason that out.

I can hardly form a coherent fucking argument here. I know and sense deep inside my essence, deeper than any "human-human" emotional state, that this emotional self and body need to be eliminated.

This is because I am a toxic and emotionally unsafe person to be involved with. My weak spirit/soul/essence of being is a poison to others who do nothing wrong to deserve it except to become emotionally involved with me.

I feel it is my duty, my only way to leave this world with any honour or self-respect. My fundamental imperative, the basic command the software of my personality parses and issues, is to terminate myself. This means that there are 3 parts to the experience. Me as the case-maker for death against my emotional self. My emotional self. And the positive inverse of the former, which I only have memories of at this point.

I feel like I have been awakened. I have accepted death. I am an accident of the universe and although I am more or less benign, going about my pathetic existence more or less innocuous to the other conscious beings around me, I am still not really worth conserving.

Not a menace. Certainly not an asset. A disappointment and mild embarrassment to my parents. Something to cover up to the rest of my family. An accident.

An accident. An accident. An accident.

I'm sorry to everyone I may hurt. To my parents for the resources expended trying to save my life. I deserve to die. I deserve to die.


What the fuck. I'm sorry. 

Goodbye and I hope that you all find love and peace and everything good and beautiful. 
