My struggle with suicide an the people I hateBTW this is a copy of my first post the original one which is basically the same and its at r/depression.Two years ago I was in a class and I have a deep love of art an it was an art class so I thought I would love it but that was going to change my life forever. Was it for good? Was it for bad? I guess I'll just have to wait and see. I was never exactly know for being cool or relevant in any sort of way because my parents were very sheltering but I thought nothing of it and I was just me, regular me. But anyway it was just after Christmas break and I was happy because I had an art class and so I was in a class with a very nice teacher and I sat with two other people. Little did I know that they would ruin my life. That was the year I no longer was the smart guy or even the artistic guy, no, now I was the loser, the idiot, the moron, the retard, the motherfucker who messes up everything. Literally everyday they told me that I was no good, that I was and idiot, they said I couldn't do anything right I had no friends to turn to they all called me stupid too. They became distant and I didn't seem to be in the conversations anymore it seemed like everyone was learning new stuff. Before that year I got very good grades and then SHE happened her name was Maria she was one of the people sitting next to me in art and I hate her with every part of my being even to this day. She called me an idiot and made fun of me in Spanish just so I would not understand and get mad she said that nobody liked me and she said that I was worthless and I was too stupid to be there. This is went on for the rest of the year and plunged me into a depression where deep is not even able to begin to describe how bad it was. Every aching moment was like he'll for me as I both Maria and my thoughts killed and rotted me from the inside out. I wanted to kill myself and still do today sometimes I even asked my brother what would be the best way to kill a person by stabbing them in the neck because I wanted to be prepared just in case I hit rock bottom. Because of her insults and everybody else's insults to this I still feel out of place and it still seems like every step I take is in the wrong way no matter what  every time I try to do what others do they just laugh at me like I'm some cheap knockoff. I basically signed a contract with myself that changed the way I looked and the way I talked and interacted basically turning me into a big jerk who wanted so desperately to fit in and be accepted. Lots of days an nights I would set up a noose in my room and stare at it thinking of all the horrible things and wondering if today was going to be the day that I actually kill myself. I sort of turned into a nihilist so my gf broke up with me which didn't help and I spiraled further and further into depression while people were calling my new style from my personal contract the only thing was is that once I changed myself I couldn't go back to my old self. One day I had had enough of this pain and I put up that noose and got a chair and fastened it onto my neck then I heard my mom coming up to check on me and I didn't want her to stop me so I took the noose and threw it under my bed. Finally the year ended and I thought I had made it and in a way I had. I had gotten out of the clutches of Maria's tormenting and I started the next year I still had so much hurt and pain and scars I had new friends and there was one his name is C (not his real name just don't want to give any hints just in case anyone I know is seeing this) and I thought he was my savior and the one who would  pull me out of this depression so I started sitting at his table, I was not accepted in the slightest  everyday I was told I didn't belong there and they questioned why I sat there and they told me I wasn't wanted none of my friends would listen to me and even if they did they would just make fun of what I said because they wouldn't let me into their conversations so it felt like I was damned to not being part of it because I couldn't know what they were talking about because they wouldn't tell me. There were entire days I would go without speaking because I thought I couldn't say anything that would matter. That's basically what happened that year unacceptable depression and damnation into irrelevance. At the beginning of this year it just got worse C started being worse and worse and Hello made fun of me for things I liked and how I acted and said that I was stupid and Hello went from my idol to my enemy but Hello didnt even notice when I stopped talking to him. I began to isolate myself to see if anybody would notice and come to help me or see what was wrong... They didn't  they just kept on walking. I decided to confront Maria about what she did to me and she said Hello can't remember what she did and she doesn't care any way. These days I go through periods of madness and blind fury where I just want to kill her (of course I'd never do that) and I would scratch myself and bang my head against the wall and hit myself trying to cause myself damage because I'm a horrible disgusting ugly and annoying human being and I don't deserve the rights that others have. I did end up telling C what happened and he said he was so sorry and that he'll make everything right again but he just still ignores me though I have a new friend now L who is awesome and nobody knows this but I'm just counting down the time where I'm going to snap and probably kill myself who knows I might make it I might not. Anyway this is not the entire story with all the detail- that would be very long but I just wanted to put this out there and say to any of the others who feel insignificant and stupid and worthless and say that you're not alone. If you have any questions ask me. I guess I'm done now