my brothers best friend raped me again???So last year my brothers best friend greg, made me give him a hand job and he licked me out, even though i didn't want to. now he invited me over his house this weekend to do stuff again. but i said no. then he asked my brother if he could come sleep over our house this weekend. I think he asked because i said i wouldn't go over his house. On Saturday my mum and step dad, went food shopping and it was just us 3. my brother went for a shower and greg knocked on my door. i had my earphones in listening to music so i didn't hear him, he walked in and scared the hell out of me. i pulled my earphones out and he said he did knock. i just nodded feeling awakard around him still. he asked why i didn't want to come over his house, i said cause i didn't want to do anything sexual with him, but he said we've already done stuff so it doesn't matter. I still refused asking where my brother was he said in the shower. I asked him to get out, but he said he was bored and wanted me to entertain him. he started taking off his pants sitting closer to me. i told him to get out, but he told me just to relax adn we've already done stuff, so why not do it again. he told me to give him a blow job but i refused saying its gross and i hate it and my brother could catch us or my parents might come home. he reasoned that my parents only just left and they wouldn't be back for at least 2 hours and my brother always takes long showers. i refused the blow job and he said a hand job then, i still said no even though i've giving him one once before. he told me if i didn't give him a hand job he would tell my brother about last year on the holidays. i started to cry a bit, i felt pressured like i had no choice, my brother would be so angry and tell my parents and i would get in trouble. so i did as he said and gave him a hand job.when i stopped he asked me to give him a blow job again, i said no, he told me to take off my pants and he licked me out, while playing with my boobs. when he finished he asked me to give him a hand job again because the first one was too short and he was still horny. i said it was the last thing and he had to get out.he said he would leave after if i made him climax. I did it for what seemed like forever, i went to stop but he held my hand in place, still going up and down. after about another 10 minutes he climaxed and i asked him to leave. he said i did a good job and put his pants on and left my room. i slammed my door and cried silently in my pillow afraid my brother would hear. this is the 2nd time hes done something like this, I'm afraid he will do it again. i don't want to tell anybody cause i might get into trouble, and greg and my brother wont be friends anymore all because of me. i have no idea what the fuck to do. i want to kill myself because of what he did to me and what he made me do. I dont know if this my fault, or im overreacting. i dont know if this counts as rape or whatever it is i just want it to be over!!!!!!!!!!