Sad, insecure, paranoidFYI: This is going to be a bit of a nonsensical, long and, I think, dark rant. Also, using a throwaway for obvious reasons... 

I am consumed by suicidal thoughts all hours of the day. I don't even remember a time when I didn't think about cutting myself, shooting myself, taking pills, or hanging myself. Even as a child, I had nightmares about people killing me in some ritualistic way. In the dreams, I was always left conscious enough to feel the terror of knowing that I was slowly being murdered and that someone else was gaining enjoyment from the act. In fact, these are my earliest memories. What kind of monster thinks about this sort of thing before grade school? I know there's something very wrong with me. It's not normal to want to hurt oneself all the time. I'm kind of paranoid that maybe I'm a murderer or some other kind of very violent person. I know that sounds stupid, and I don't actually want to hurt anyone, but why else would someone's brain be programmed like mine? I've never chosen to think such dark things. It just always happens. I'll be typing and then imagining myself convulsing after having taken cyanide. The thoughts and their constancy are terrifying. 

I think other people can sense how off I am, and they choose to be polite. Really violent people always have that "off" look in their eyes. I'm guessing I have it, too? I've always had severe trust issues. I feel like "friends" simply pity me, or keep me around to have someone to laugh at. This seems like something a lot of normal people do--keep a loser around so they can feel better about themselves. I'm pretty sure I'm the loser. People I work with constantly talk about how lazy or incompetent their co-workers are and it's clearly in the interest of self-aggrandizement. I'm also sure I'm the incompetent, weird person there. When I'm not around, it's just stories of how uncomfortable it is to be around me, at least that's what I suspect. Before that, I felt like I was constantly the one everyone put down to feel better about themselves and I've always hated it. In school, people would brag if they got a better grade than me, or if they were able to do a problem faster than me. Romantically, it seems like every guy I've ever liked was already with someone else, or thought of me as being beneath them. The first two people I asked out both said as much. While it hurt at the time, I actually appreciated the honesty. The last guy I really liked had a girlfriend who constantly gave me looks of 'yeah, he chose me, bitch'. We had mutual friends and were often in the same social settings. She ramped up the PDA's whenever I was near. Even my family has always given me shit for being so weird. My mother complains that I'm too androgynous and that I need to care less about people. She says that all I'm good for is being manipulated and used. Her view of society is so negative, and I don't want to adopt it simply on philosophical grounds. But even my parents criticise me in front of other people; they always have. 

I've never tried to prove anything or bloat my value as an individual. Everyone has moments when they get a bit full of themselves or when they overestimate their abilities, but I've never willingly represented myself as being something better than what I am. I think, because of this, people take advantage of my low self-esteem. They take advantage of the fact that I'm civil, quiet, and easy-going. 

A co-worker recently announced that I didn't matter. I shrugged it off, but I don't understand why it's acceptable to say things like that about other people, especially ones who are supposed to be colleagues. I see inconsiderate behavior like this all the time and everyone always goes with it. Especially with chatty people. The ones who simply fill silence all the time. They can literally spew hatred and not be questioned. I once expressed an opinion about world politics and everyone looked at me as though I was idiot. I really dislike confirmation bias when applied to personalities. I just don't understand how people measure worth in social settings. This last paragraph is really all over, sorry. 

Lately, my paranoia seems to be getting the better of me. I feel like I can hear people's thoughts when I walk past them. And they're just thinking about how much they don't want to make eye contact with me, or how stupid I look, or about how awkward I am. It feels like everyone knows how messed up I am, but they're choosing to laugh at me and make me feel worse rather than try to help. I really want someone to help me, but I can't believe that anyone would actually want to. I shouldn't exist because none of this is normal. In fact, a lot of it is really wrong. What if I snap? What if I lose my sense of empathy and compassion for others? I know I'm a horrible person, and even now I probably sound like a serial killer in waiting. Why can't I just die, already?