Going crazy?I don't think I'm in immediate danger. I just want to write something down, somewhere that I feel I've at least voiced these things.

I cycle through stuff in my head almost constantly. It keeps me awake. Maybe be writing it down I'll get rid of it somehow. I hope that by the end of this, I will feel silly, delete the file and never contemplate this again. Somehow, I doubt it.

They say that this kind of thing is a cry for help. And I get that. I understand where this motivation comes from and, honestly, to have someone read it and understand would probably help a lot. The first reason to write these things is to explain why, for those who are left behind; the second reason is for private reflection, a chance to clear the mind. 

I'm 37/M and I've thought a lot about how I would kill myself. In some ways it doesn't matter. But I don't want to leave a mess, I don't want horror or spectacle. I would prefer that people thought that I had died in an accident - that nobody is to blame. I would hate for someone to get in trouble because of it. I think an accident would be easier for everyone to deal with. I don't want it known that I killed myself. Maybe I don't care about that, but I think I do. I don't want my family and friends thinking badly of me, or feeling worse than they will. Maybe I'll go missing. It's a long, horrible process for those who are left behind though. I can't figure out how, but thinking through these plans is one of the few times my mind is quiet.

I'm a flawed person. We all are, and I get that. Nobody's perfect, etc. But I'm a shadow of what I should be - I can feel it; there's something wrong. It's been getting worse. My behavior doesn't make sense, my memory is faulty, my hearing and sight are unreliable, but not technically... that is to say, the organs work fine, but I don't seem to process the data quite right. My eyesight is 20/20, but I'm often looking for things for ages, getting frustrated, and literally cannot see it right in front of me until it's pointed out. It's a source of amusement to my wife; we joke that you could hide something from me by turning it around slightly. But it worries me. I frequently don't catch what someone has said, but my audiology test suggest normal hearing. The tinnitus and rumblings in my ears are untraceable to any physiological condition.

I have pains in my chest, back, arms and legs, knees, hips... The headaches from lack of sleep are more frequent. I just cannot sleep nearly enough. When I do sleep, I wake with numb arms, or crying children. I feel ragged around the edges.

Otherwise, I have a great life. My wife and children are wonderful. We live in a safe and beautiful part of the world, in a nice house with lots of open space. I am paid well enough that I don't worry about money. My senior level job takes me around the world (I'm currently sitting in a hotel room in the Middle East, and I feel very lucky to have these opportunities). I have free time, I have friends, I have safety, security and comfort. I want for (almost) nothing.

I am very lucky. 
And yet I feel sad.

My mindset is all wrong. I need to snap out of it, be optimistic, positive and encouraging. Surround myself with enthusiastic, motivated people and seize the opportunities that come my way. And I try, I really do. I want to have this philosophy. I admire it in others and I practice it every day. But, lying awake for hours in bed every night, it's hard to be optimistic. When everywhere my thoughts turn are embarrassing memories, failures, setbacks and faults. And, with each one that crosses my mind, a little part of my brain cries 'Kill yourself'.

I've noticed that I've started letting out involuntary groans when these thoughts occur. I mutter, sigh and cringe.

I feel tormented.

And I accumulate new memories to cringe about on an almost daily basis. There'd be pages of stuff if I start listing the things that torment me. Last night I gained a new horrible memory - I behaved poorly toward a colleague. I feel like I'm carrying around all these worthless memories that do nothing but trouble me. I don't know how many more I can take before I snap. 

Suicidal ideation, it's like a song that gets stuck in your head. I can almost feel the channel of burned synapses which form the thought; firing repeatedly like an annoying, flickering tube light. I've tried everything I can to switch out the bulb (exercise helps, diet is important, friends and family very much so), but it feels like maybe turning it off entirely is the only way to make it stop.