I want to dieI don't want to hurt my family though even though they don't know or can't understand my pain or do anything to help me.

I have to wait until I go back to my apartment in a couple weeks.

I just fucking hate my life. I dropped out of college and maybe want to pursue a few different paths and I know my parents will have a fit of fucking rage over that b/c I need to follow some bullshit path in life.

I feel like I can't breathe sometimes. I can't take the emotional/mental pain. 

In 2012, I would have said loneliness is a feeling for the weak, and if that's true, then I'm the weakest. If it's not true, then I'm still weak.

Oh well. I hate life. I still want to travel abroad though. But I hate being alone when travelling.

I had a dream last night that I remembered. I liked it.

It's tough to accurately recall what the plot was as I don't remember (if I ever did), but I'll do my best.

I was chilling with some friends I never had. Two girls and a guy. I had amnesia and couldn't remember the past. I don't really remember the guy at this point and I don't think it's relevant to the story. One of the girls looked like my waifu, Kaguya Shinomiya. She was sweet. And then another girl came and I think we used to date? I don't know if we were trying to be friends again since I just came out of my "coma".

Anyways, I remember distinctly her walking past me and her hair came across my face and during that time, I saw Shinomiya-san looking melancholy.

I just wanted to share that, I don't know why. It was the first dream I've had in a while that was ok.

I had a dream as a child once that was beautiful. I was helping this girl about my age move into a large mansion/castle, white and pristine. Anyways we got along quite well and then when it was time to leave, I looked everywhere to say goodbye. I couldn't find her. I was dejected and feeling depressed leaving her mansion, never to see again. And then out of the blue, she came up to me and gave me a kiss. It was maybe the most beautiful feeling I've ever had. This dream was probably 9 or 10 years ago, but I still remember it. It wasn't a wet dream if you wanted to call me out on that.

Sorry for rambling, but I wanted to share some of my things with other people.

I've been alone for so long. My family has crumbled in the past five years (really like 8 years it seems).

Uncertainty over my future makes me not want to see it through. I see posts about never being able to cure depression. Nobody understands me. I know that sounds lame, but I mean, who gives a fuck about me? And don't post a comment saying ***I*** *care about you*. I know the "nobody understands me" line is for edgy teens, but like nobody can understand my pain and care as much about my pain as I do. And I don't want necessarily for someone to devote their life to helping or some other superfluous bullshit, but if I were to talk to a therapist, I would be just another appointment. If I talked to a family member, they would say that everybody goes through stuff; and they have gone through tough times and I can't place my feelings over theirs, because that's, you know, greedy and wrong. I've mentioned to them before, but never to the extent b/c of the stigma. I don't how they could help. They're financially wrecked and we don't have insurance. 

I had my state's insurance for a while and tried to get an appointment for a psychiatrist. I was rejected by a dozen or so places that my insurance company said were on my plan. Wtf. I scheduled with one, but stupidly enough, couldn't find their office went to the wrong office, and the people their didn't know where I had to go. Oh well. That was in October, btw.

I didn't really want to go into detail about my efforts, but I didn't want comments that reiterated the whole "talk to you family" spiel. 

I lurk on /r/depression and look for people that feel the same way that I do sometimes just to know they exist.

[This is my favorite song ever.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyoNdZxy5VE) Honestly it has kept me going these past few months. I think it's so beautiful. I want to have children one day, and be happy and play with them and have a loving wife. I think it's a long shot to happen though.

Seriously, I think everyone should listen to that song. It's so perfect. I've never loved a song as much as I loved that one. 

Edit: Seriously, I just want somebody to talk to please.