A friend of mine led me here.I am a thrice over survivor of suicide attempts. The first time was when I was 13 years old. I tried to starve myself to death. I was quickly down to 75 lbs. before social services had me hospitalized. The second time I was 18 and I ran my 1988 Honda Civic hatchback off the road at 110 miles per hour. The car flipped multiple times and landed upside down. The only wound I had was a cut on my pinky. The third time was when I was 29 and I chugged 50 sleeping pills and a fifth of great scotch. I awoke two days later with no equilibrium whatsoever but recovered after a short hospitalization. I never planned a "last day", wrote any letters or made any calls. I just wanted to end my suffering. 

I honestly do not know how or why (if there is even an answer to the question "why?") I've survived but, most days, I'm glad I did. The amazing woman I am now, I never saw her coming... but she arrived. The reasons that I had for attempting suicide were sound and reasonable. I rarely tell people about my past because it is a truly horrifying story and it disturbs them to the point of tears. Whatever your reasons for attempting suicide, for many of us, the pit of imminent despair turned out to be an illusion. It was, in fact, possible for many of us to climb out although it did not seem that way. A friend of mine pointed me to this website http://attemptsurvivors.com/. I'm sure some of you have seen it. I have no affiliation with the organization or the site, I just wanted to share it with you guys and gals because it made me feel less alone and creating circumstances that make me feel less alone has been a key part of my ascent from darkness. It is nice to know that someone understands why can't keep exactor knives around, why I can't take an extended lease in a high-rise even though the view would be beautiful and why I just can't bring myself to visit the Golden Gate Bridge even though I live a stones throw away. This is also the reason I come here even though I no longer seek to end my life. You make me feel less alone...and for that I am grateful. Don't stop posting. Many thanks.  

EDIT: I have been having a somewhat illuminating conversation with an active member in regards to my post. I just want to apologize to whoever it was that was hurt and clarify the meaning of one of my statements. Whoever that was, hopefully that you will note that I changed the wording of one of my statements so that it reflects more accurately what I was trying to say. Here is part of the message I sent:

"I don't profess to be an expert on anything except the field I'm employed in, which is not a psychology related field. I am fairly knowledgable on research in the field of suicidology as it is obviously a topic very personal to me. In the particular line you referred to [now changed] [where I mentioned that 'the pit of imminent despair is an illusion'] I am relating information that comes from research on suicide and survivors of suicide. The metaphor of living in an insurmountable darkness is well known in the field of suicidology, as I'm sure you know. This is not to say that everyone who considers suicide feels this way. Many had happy lives before and were stricken with an unbearable circumstance that has no possibility of resolving itself. For some it is a truly logical option to an unsolvable problem. What someone considers unbearble is not for me to judge. However, the statistics on suicide show that the bulk of suicides and attempted suicides are the result of chronic or temporary depression and many, many survivors of depression related suicide will tell you that they did eventually did climb out of what appeared to be terminal and/or overwhelming darkness. This is not to say that they are happy but merely that they no longer choose to be daily companions with the shadow of death. For them, it was the 'imminent' part that was the illusion."