Please, please help me. I need advice, please. Childhood and parents are the sole reason for constant thoughts of suicide.I'm a Ukrainian immigrant that moved a lot and settled in California. Female, 20. I was an art prodigy from an early age. I had cancer of a lymph node at age 7. I went through chemo and got homeschooling, ridicule when I joined school again due to hair loss. I was always eccentric, never quite right, not too many relationships. Best years of my life was when I was cared for in a hospital. I was diagnosed with major depression at 17, and at the same time they had found a benign tumor in my femur that caused severe pain on a daily basis that I endured and for years before. At 19 they found another one in my other femur, they last many years and I overdosed on painkillers for a high many times. I would live through this twice over if I had parents that loved me. My mom would beat me with an electric chord until my ribs were bruised because I didn't undress from school clothes when I got home. Every time I brought it up and the pain it caused she said she should have beaten me until I had bled. She says I didn't clean my room when the therapist would bring up the beatings to justify herself. She had a miscarriage and was stressed with ME having cancer so she would take it out on me. I have had a black eye from her, she kicked me, she slapped me, pushed me, threw things at me. She would purposely lose me in the store when I was little to teach me a lesson. She called the police on me when I was 8 because I didn't listen to her, I escorted my friend back home and told her goodbye, she lived next door, and she forbade me. I had to speak to an officer over the phone, crying and hysterical and terrified. When she walked she never looked back, I would sometimes stop after I was hurrying after her to see if she would notice, she never did. She would threaten to leave me on the side of the highway if I talked back in the car. She has sat on me and choked me before with her weight when I annoyed her. She would change my broviac one day, an injection tube that needed weekly cleaning, and would play hit me, I told her stop and she got on top of me and told me there was nothing I could do. I couldn't bring myself to hit her either way. I would write in my diary of how mean she was and how I wished for a new mom and she found it and yelled at me and read all through it. I would cry in the closet and my parents would find me and ridicule me, laugh and say how stupid I look. I cry and shake to this day if I discuss my feelings with them and they laugh and tell me crying is inappropriate, even when I can't breathe and hyperventilate out of sheer stress of the discussion. She would never buy me anything other than hand me downs, two dollar sale items that never fit, and things that only she liked to eat as treats and surprises, because she knew I wouldn't eat them. Her shoe collection is massive, her ego is just as large. She told me that I'm stupid, fat, ugly, that I embarrass her, that my feet are crooked and flat, that I'm slow and worthless, that I deserve no respect, that my acne is atrocious, that my hair is appalling, that even when I was fit and adored by anyone in my circle, by either sex, she would say that I was still not good enough. My parents pushed me to do art, and crank out paintings like a factory until I lost all passion. I helped them around the house and they would hate me for it, I missed a spot, I did something wrong. If I showed any help to another, friend, a neighbor, maybe wash a window of theirs, they'd call me a slave, that I have no dignity. I would get screamed at every day, blamed. I would cry at night and lay by their bedroom door hoping they would let me in and hold me. They would threaten to lock me in the closet if I didn't listen. I had a Halloween costume contest when I was little, I was called up by the school to participate but I was very shy and scared, kindergarten, my parents obliged and we all went home after I chickened out and couldn't go up there. They ignored me all day and made fun of me. When I was a teenager I would lock my door to change and be nude on summer days and they would pick the lock every time, angry with me that I locked it. My mom would demand to see my breasts, or walk in on me showering, or pick the door lock when I slept nude. My Dad would monitor all internet searches and activity, he found porn at one point and was outraged. He monitors all connections to this day when I visit and found through my phone history that I used to be a cam girl. My mom tells me I am a whore and deserves to be Raped, that she knows I Get used by men. That I am less than a dog. The only company I had were older men that would sometimes buy me gifts because they found me charming. Up until recently I was a cam girl and I quit when he found out--just for some money for food. I had an incident where I filled out a form on physical abuse in the doctors office, just thought it was a form with no consequence. Had the police show up at my house and I had to lie. Afterward my parents called me a traitor and hated me for a very long time. My dad works long hours and believes nothing I say about what my mom does. He says I lie and so does my mother. She speaks to me like a dog and hits me and buys me candy the next day and acts like an angel. I had severe depression and dropped out of a high school college academy, I was a straight A student that dropped into all F's, and told my counselor about my feelings of suicide and my mother was called. She had a face of extreme anger. When she left the room and screamed and told the counselor that she's going to kill me, that I needed help. I dropped out of college recently as well due to depression and the tumor pain. I moved out and they stopped supporting me unless I move back in and go to college. Even when me and my boyfriend were hungry for days without food while my dad drives a Tesla. They tell me what a failure I am. I would stop by my friends families and hold my tears back as they said how much they loved each other and held one another. I moved out of my parents finally, to what is my love, my boyfriend. I am very far away from them and call once a week. I've been on 7 different antidepressants, group therapy, family therapy, and regular therapy. My family therapy sessions go by my father saying how lazy I am and that I don't apply myself, and my mother in hysterics that I don't clean my room and that I deserve the belt. My boyfriend does everything for me but in the end even love can't save me. I have been on medication, heavy SNRI, and without it with him but my depression and baggage is too much. I cry at least once every couple days and ruminate over and over about my parents and family and future. Even when I am thousands of miles away. Any slight mention of them and I lose it. I have been depressed ever since I was young and I feel as though there is no point any more. There is no cure to me. Not with love, isolation, medication, therapy, I don't know any other solution other than death. Please help me. They say I lie about but I spent countless nights in agony, even at age 7, begging God to kill me because I just cannot deal with them anymore. They infested me completely and I just want to die. My depression will not leave and it all stems from them. It is destroying my relationship and my life and I don't see myself getting any better. I am trying everything in my power, but I still love them because they are my blood. The most cruel thing is that for the worse of their offenses there is something good about them, there is something that they, in their eyes, did out of love for me. They have hurt me and helped me in so many ways that my mind is completely fucked. I CAN'T NOT think about them and just weep for hours and hours. I hate being like this. It seems like there is no way out. I have no passion, no feelings of love, no satisfaction, nothing in my life. I just feel dead, and I haven't killed myself when I was young because I knew there was a future, but now I am in the future and things are not any better. 