I don’t really wanna live past my next birthdayMy birthday is coming up in a few months and I’ll be turning 20.  Every birthday for me is just depressing, as I was supposed to die years ago, and nobody even cares that I’m still here anyways.  In fact, my birthday has literally been ignored throughout my whole life.  I’ve only had one decent birthday, and now it’s just a bittersweet memory because it was all lies. 

Anyways, so I’ve basically given up on life.  I don’t really see a future for me, as the future I had envisioned for years all came crashing down and destroyed my sense of reality.  

I’m also stuck right now.  My parents are basically holding me hostage, and I feel like a loser and a failure.  I lie to people who question why I ride the bus, or don’t have a job, or still live with my parents.  It’s not like I’m “lazy” or “stupid.”  I don’t even know why that would be the first thing to come to mind about these things, as cars are expensive and housing in my state is horrendously high.  I actually have problems, and my parents are psychotic.  It’s easier to explain that I ride the bus to save money on gas, or say that I’m just living with them until I get enough money for an apartment.  In fact, I had a job once.  I had a car once.  I had an apartment once too.  But I lost all those things because of mental illness and being a fucking stupid idiot.  Now I’m stuck here with my parents, who won’t let me get a job, a car, or mental help.  I rather stay here and suffer than be homeless again, ik, I’m weak.  I rather just die at this point.

Plus, I’ve been winging it for awhile.  I planned on dying years ago, and ever since I failed the first time.  The only future I planned out was with my bf, who I now refer to as an abusive ex, because he severely damaged me.  A lot of people severely damaged me.  Where’s their punishment?  Where’s their damage?  I’ve tried to not think about it, but I feel so fucking angry about it.  I guess me caring is just me being stupid again. 

I also feel like my reason for killing myself this time is stupid.  Last time I killed myself, it was because my ex abused the shit out of me and felt worthless.  Now it’s just because I’m scared of life, which people do everyday just fine.  Why can’t I just be fucking normal.  I’m pathetic.