There's not just one person inside of me.It's hard to get around the idea that you want to kill yourself. At some point you either do it or choose not to do it, and I really don't think there's any essential difference between someone that does or doesn't. I think that at some point it just comes down to choosing that the person who is speaking right now, the person that questions or doesn't either gets categorized in your brain as "just my dangerous thoughts" or "who I am, full stop"  


I guess the question is, sometimes; "is there a person inside still left that is willing to even ask the question are these thoughts valid enough to act on" ? It's that awful, fucking bastard hope that seems so resilient so long in our lives until it gets dismantled and dismantled. Is hope something that still lives even in a small way? I think a lot of people would say if there's even a discussion about IF suicide is going to happen that it's still even the faintest of sparks.   


But if someone searches themselves and in the total and complete absence of any identity besides the one that hates themselves or their life then coming back from that is extremely difficult. Interestingly I've found in my own life a pattern, and maybe it's saved me to have noticed it. I know when I'm going to  break apart, I know the difference between who I am and who the "bad guy" is.   


I've made myself into two identities by recognizing that pattern of falling into depression and suicidal idealization and the long and treacherous road back out. I've only gotten there though because I've had repeatedly fortunate encounters with people who aren't currently suicidal or that have made me question it. So the difference for me personally is that I repeatedly chose to question if I wanted to kill myself really right there and then, or if there was even the smallest thing I wanted to see. I wanted to see the grand canyon, I wanted to see Paris, etc...and I always figured at any point after I could kill myself so that was my way of fixing it.   


Life isn't easier for me, and I would never dare to say "it's all well and good for me and for everyone else". Everyone has vastly different levels of pain and fortune which direct their lives. I just think if you really just at least once every time you're ready ask yourself "is this really who I am, who I was" ? I think it's at least possible there's help to be had.   


I'm sorry if this was triggering to anyone, I just started this in response to another post and not wanting to direct it as any one person I realized this was really just a post for everyone who might be like me. Maybe I'm crazy, stupid or lazy. I just know that I care.