My birthday is on the 13th and I don't think I'll be around for it (19 F)I've read a lot of you guys posts, but i don't know if I've ever posted here. Anyway I'm just going to get right into it. My birthday is in 2 days and I honestly don't want to be around to see it. The last few months of my life have been a nightmare. I lost the love of my life to his ex gf (after he promised me he'd never go back), the last guy I fell for ended up having sex with me then getting a new gf 2 days later because "we were just friends", and now I have no job and will probably lose my home soon. I can't even help that I lost my job! We had a bad storm come through where I live and I didn't have power for a week. Now that the power is back up, the internet is still down. I did a work-from-home job and apparently "I don't have internet because we were hit by a storm" isn't a good enough reason to not go into work. To make matters worse, we had just bought groceries with the little bit of money we had left and the most important things went bad wile the power was out for a week. It's super upsetting and the anxiety keeps me up at night. I haven't slept well in days. Now, I'm not saying it's all been bad. I have a new boyfriend now and he's the only thing keeping me going. I just don't know if it's enough. I can feel myself pushing him away. He's helped me so much and I could never thank him enough but I just don't know if I love him enough to live for him.. My situation has gotten so bad, I've actually started a page on PornHub to make some extra cash. I posted on a bunch of pages here on reddit (not going to post the links but you can probably see it on my page anyway. idc) and I got a bunch of views. My self confidence had never been better. I got so many compliments from so many nice people. I still have yet to receive any mean words. I went from about 200 views to 18k in less than 3 days. I thought Pornhub would pay a lot, right? Wrong. I have made a measly $11 for all my hard work. I can't even believe that even my very last options aren't even giving results. My house, my car, my life.... what the hell happened in these past few months!? I really just want to end it all. I keep looking at the knife I keep beside my bed. Maybe tonight will be the night...
tl;dr: I'm hungry and about to lose my house. porn doesn't pay much.