26 and life will never get better, and i deserve to diehi. im sorry if these break the rules. im trying not to.

i'm 26. i'm also trans (yeah i know) and have been abused my whole life. my family never set me up for anything (no college fund, never learned to drive, was pulled out of school after second grade, no i wasnt homeschooled). i have no job. no money. im also an 'artist' but my art is shit awful, even tho im 26 and have been at this over 10 years. i can't find a job no matter what i do because my resume is bad. i can't go to therapy or get meds or hormones or even buy decent food cuz i have no money.

i want to die.

people keep telling me it'll get better but it doesnt. i'm 26. i feel like by this point in your life, the trajectory of your life is pretty much set in stone. i've seen so many older people in their 40s and 50s and older who NEVER got their lives together, were always dirt poor and unhappy and mentally unwell. i don't want that to be me.

i've also missed out on living most of my life as a man. im 26. i shouldve been transitioned years ago. whats even the point now.

i have 0 hope. every time i try to make my life better it gets worse and worse and worse and nobody can save me or help me.  i self harm and get incredibly angry at myself over anything. today it was because my roommate was doing the dishes. i should've been doing them or done them already. im a lazy piece of shit who should just die already.

i deserve to die because i deserve to be punished. just like with the self harm.

i think about sucide dying and punishment a lot. almost everyday. especially when i get like this. mad at myself. i have very colorful language and ideas thrown at myself. i talk about myself very violently and badly. i deserve to be punished for messing up and being in general a waste of space and a useless idiot.

thats it i guess. i want to die and know my life won't get better ever and theres no fixing it and i need money but i am never getting money so i can't get help.