Something you might not consider about suicide.Hello. This is my first time posting in this subreddit so forgive me if I may be in the wrong place, but something pretty significant happened to me tonight and I felt the need to share it somewhere. This isn’t gonna be an “it gets better!” or “stay positive!” bullshit morale booster speech post or anything like that; this is just an account of what happened to me personally, and something you should take into consideration before attempting to take your own life. Which you shouldn’t do, please. But onto my story.

Earlier tonight (about 12 AM EST) I tried to take my own life via pill overdose. I took 30 tablets of a medication prescribed to me and immediately regretted it. After unsuccessfully trying to throw them up, I woke up my parents about half an hour later telling them what I had done. I thought telling them this was going to be the hardest thing I’d done tonight but I was dead wrong. After telling them what I did, my mom called poison control while my dad scurried around, got dressed, etc, clearly upset and not sure what to do. Poison control told my mom we should go to the ER, so we rounded up and went. 

Once we got there they took us back to a room, asked some questions about what happened and did some other routine stuff. Then they told me the last thing I wanted to hear. “We’re gonna run some blood work and then we’ll have someone from &lt;insert local mental health inpatient facility here&gt; come out to do a psych check.” My mom asked them what that meant, and as I dreaded, it essentially meant that they would come and take me in for observation for up to 72 hours. I could go voluntarily, but if I didn’t, I would still have to at least stay at the hospital for those 72 hours. I thought “Fuck that, I have work tomorrow, shit to do, and pets to take care of.” So once we were alone again I pleaded with my mom. I have a close friend who went to the same facility and said it made everything worse for them and they were only more miserable afterwards. The whole time they were there they just missed their family, their pets, and their freedom. So I wasn’t going and that was final. They’d have to tie me down somewhere. I realized I had made a mistake, I’m a very rational person and I knew for a fact that I wasn’t a risk, but I’m sure they hear that every day and wouldn’t believe a word of it. 

So they did their tests and blood work, then cleared me for discharge medically. We still had to wait for the inpatient facility worker to come clear me or whisk me away or whatever they had planned. So my dad, being the way he is, decided to devise a plan to just straight up break me out of there. I would go to the bathroom, (which I had already done once before and saw an exit) he would follow behind, I’d take off my heart and blood pressure monitor in the bathroom, and then we’d make a break for it. My mom agreed to stay behind and act as if she didn’t know we were leaving and play it by ear from there. 

So that’s exactly what we did. We got up and headed for the bathroom, (btw, a hospital employee decided to lead us to a separate bathroom than the one close to the exit, I’m sure she was suspicious of us leaving by the way we were talking to the doctor earlier) I did what I had to do in the bathroom, and we made a break for it. We walked right past our room and the employee immediately noticed and followed us, calling after us and telling us we can’t leave. My dad simply said “We were going out for a cigarette” over and over while she also said “She can’t leave” about me over and over. So she walk-ran ahead of us to the ER door and blocked it with her arms. So I threw my weight against one of the doors and got past her, somehow my dad managed to get past too and we ran for our lives to his car. We got in, sped away, and got in contact with my mom. The police had already shown up for me, and she was texting us telling us to come back now or they’d be going to our house. As we were texting her trying to find out more, she changed her tune and told us not to come. Apparently the hospital couldn’t legally detain me for that time and I was free to go by law. Unless it’s ordered by a judge, you can leave. So they let her go too after about a half hour of them arguing while my dad and I drove in circles around the area trying to figure out the next move. While this was going on, my doctor was also trying to contact someone to get a mental inquest warrant that night (basically a warrant saying the police can take action and come and get me whether I want to go or not) but to my luck the office for it was closed until Monday. 

Everything is still up in the air. I don’t know what’s going to happen, if the doctor will even follow through, if I’m still going to be detained somewhere eventually, if we’ll be arrested, or what. It was honestly one of the scariest, stupidest things I’ve ever done. If you don’t want something like that to happen to you too, please, please don’t try to kill yourself. If you succeed, you devastate everyone around you. If you fail, something similar to this will happen to you and nothing will get fixed. It’s much easier said than done, I know, but please try to get yourself some help and look for the little things in life that make you happy. If you do that then things can only get better from there. Good luck out there, it’s a tough tough world but you gotta keep chewing. 