Ten Years LaterA decade ago to the day, I woke up to a phone call that changed my life forever. My uncle had died and I was needed at his house immediately. I was at his house before the news hit me, as I approached the front door what I saw forced me to confront reality. I stepped over a grey, white and mostly red sticky mess of what had once been the brain of a man I'd grown up loving. He'd climbed to the roof of his home and shot himself in the head, what I saw were the pieces of him that trickled down to the porch in front of the front door of his home. Ten years later I can still close my eyes and call this moment in vivid detail to mind. I was irrevocably changed that day.

He was 40 years old. His daughters were 18 and 15, both very much caught up in the drama of their teenage years and both forever wondering if the wisdom they have now could have saved their father then. He left behind a wife who I have not seen sober since that day; she's remarried to another alcoholic and the two of them are slowly pickling. He left behind five siblings, who'd grown to count on him to be there for them in their troubles, even though he never seemed to want something in return. He left behind two parents, who absorbed the situation with the same quiet stoicism that has guided them through the many other traumas that life has left at their doorstep. He left behind countless customers, friends, acquaintances, employees, cousins, and strangers who were baffled. 

He was a rock in our family, someone who we could always count on, who never seemed to need anything. If he had asked, I would have given him anything in my power. He never asked. He found himself lost with literally hundreds of people around him who would have happily helped guide him home, or more accurately do whatever was in their power to help keep him safe and happy until he could find his own way home. 

Ten years later so much has changed. One of his daughters is married, both have children of their own, that he would be pretty proud to know. They have left behind the arrogance of their teenage years and blossomed into adults. They have their troubles and flaws, but I know my uncle would have been proud of the women they've become. The home he built with his own two hands has become a living shrine to his memory. A place we all gather for events we wish he could be here to see; birthdays, meals, laughter, pain, and just moments of every day life. He would have been fifty earlier this year. We threw him a birthday party just because none of us wanted to sit at home and think about the celebration that should have been. So instead we got together and celebrated what was. 

I cannot judge him for the decision he made. I wish I had the chance to talk him out of it and I really think he missed a lot of joy these past ten years, but ultimately the decision was his. Today I wanted to tell his story and hope that our family's pain prevents another family from sharing the same pain. If you find yourself thinking that there is only one way out, please reach out. If you won't do it for you, please do it for the person you are going to leave behind who would give anything to have been there for you that night. 

