I'll start from the beginning.I'm really sorry for the length of this. There really is no beginning or an ending. You could really pick and choose the sections to read.


I'm an 18 year old female, only child. My parents split up when I was around 3-4 so I've never really lived with my father or spent a good deal of time with him. My mother got remarried when I was 5-6 to a really nice man. When I was a little older I found out she was cheating on him with a man over the internet. She would make me take pictures of her in lingerie (nothing really sexual, just poses) and she would tell me she just wanted them for her self when I had asked. She even flew out to see him and made me stay with her sister so I wouldn't be left alone with my Step-dad. It went on for along time. During this time I had stopped talking to my dad because he was heavily into drugs and he preferred to see his girlfriend and her kids over me. Near the beginning on 2009 is when we lost our house to the bank just as my high school started. This was also the time that I had found my mothers pot stash. 

We moved, and moved until we came to this little half house on a nice street. It was ok for a little while and I was pretty happy. Until she met another man who used her for money and a place to stay. She was pretty pissed off at me all of the time. She started hitting me and throwing things at me like butter knives and shoes. I didn't happen often enough for me to say anything to anyone and I never got hurt from it but I never knew what I did to deserve it. I finally stood up for my self and would grab her wrist before she could hit me. She would call me names and tell me to never raise a hand to her again even when it was self deference. I told her she should have just gotten an abortion and she said to me "If I would have if I had known you would have turned out like this". After 5 years of not seeing my dad he came back into my life and had cleaned himself up. I told him what she had said to me and how she was treating me. He told me that previous to me she had an abortion and that the only reason she didn't have one for me was because the doctor said if she did she wouldn't be able to conceive again. He didn't mean it hurtfully he was crying because he couldn't believe she said that to me.

We eventually moved again to a rented house so that her new man could move in with us with all of his stuff. I lived in the basement during this time and he made me keep the cats locked up down there because he didn't like cats. He was the type of man that would expect to be catered to. Mom always made sure that his dinner would be brought to him and it would always be what he wanted to watch or what he wanted to do. She was constantly buying him things like little helicopter toys that he would use to terrorize my cats with. The end of this happened when she found out he had been cheating on her all along with his best friends wife. We let this woman into our home...

We moved again to where we are now in our little apartment and we've been here for a year and a few months. I graduated from high school this last year. I had planned on going back to high school for a "victory lap" (which is just grade 13) because I wasn't sure what I wanted to go to school for. I stuck it out for a few months but it was hard to go back without any friends. I eventually convinced my self that I had to do something In January so I left school and signed up for a program I knew I probably wouldn't like just so I could get out. 

By the time January had rolled around I was nervous beyond belief, I had breakdowns and panic attacks just the thought of being in a strange city, rooming with strangers. It wasn't like they were in different to me- they tired to include me in activities. I just couldn't handle it and cried my self to sleep every night for 2 weeks straight. I bagged my mom to let me come home. 

Believe me, I feel really pathetic about it- I felt trapped and overwhelmed. I've stopped talking to my dad again because he feels the need to get high every time I see him. I've also not done anything since I left my failed college attempt. I don't feel the energy to do anything. I'm not motivated by any means. My mother never fails to tell me how pathetic she thinks I am and how much of a failure I have become. It feels as though she is bi-polar. One minute she is normal the next she calls me out. When I try to defend my self she only amps up the insults. I get called a bitch-cocksucker quite often I'll have you know. And she does not hesitate to tell her friends how much of a terrible kid she thinks I am. I finally called her out yesterday on everything shes done. I mentioned how I knew I was a mistake and that she was a terrible parent and a compulsive liar. She completely lost her shit. She told me she couldn't believe that I would ever say that to her, how I was as ungrateful bitch. I don't really know who she is kidding. She is trying to keep her act to an audience that already knows all her tricks. I told her that I should probably commit suicide, she told me to go ahead and "be crazy like your father".

The suicide thoughts are overwhelming. I think about it all of the time. Wondering if the rod in my closet would be able to support my weight, if the pills in my place would do the job,  and if my friends would even care if I diapered. I have too much pride to do any of that. I and I have always thought suicide to be weak. But I think if someone were to just slit my throat or if I died in my sleep I wouldn't mind. I just feel so trapped. I want to leave so badly but I am so scared of the real world and if i don't stay here I'm scared I wont go to college for real. All I can do to keep my self from not going insane is to play video games and talk to strangers about my feelings.

Thanks for listening. I'm sorry it was so long. 