I want to go to a hospitalHello, I am a sophomore in high school. I feel like I have been mentally broken by the emotional abuse I have suffered from my immediate family and ex boyfriend. 

For as long as I can remember, my mother has hated me, has gone out of her way to make me miserable, and has trained my 13 year old brother to do the same. From calling me fat until I cried in seventh grade and then grounding me for "not taking a joke", to responding to my cry for help in eight grade with "Do it, I wouldn't care. It wouldn't reflect badly on me, you'd just be the weak one.", they have given me extreme body image issues to the point where I don't know what I look like anymore. I think I have Body Dysmorphia because of this- every time I look at my face I see something completely different and find new flaws to be disgusted with. 

However, despite not knowing what I genuinely look like and struggling with eat disorders since seventh grade to present, I was managing with some handleable suicidal tendencies and self esteem issues. I made good friends and among the bad, I have good memories from those times. 

I had been managing for some time, with the help of my boyfriend who was always there to calm me down when I forgot what my face looked like, and who always convinced me to eat whole grain rice when I had only had ice cubes for dinner. He is probably the only reason why I survived the summer of 2014. 

Unfortunately, my self esteem issues got the best of me in a way that I will never forgive myself for. My boyfriend was not the most popular person, in fact he was the ridicule of the school and I was constantly being harassed for being with him. So even though I was deeply in love with him, I felt like I had more of a face when we were apart. So I made up excuses to keep him away, and eventually broke up with him over smoking weed, which is something that both of us partook in. I am so full of remorse and regret for this decision. 

After being broken up for several months, I started understanding my mental issues a bit more, and we made amends and started talking again. One thing led to another and we had sex, and the condom broke. We split the bill of a Plan B pill 50/50, and I was too embarrassed to go into the store. I felt disgusting, like a slut, like some Christian woman would come chastise me for 'killing a child'. I was so mortified that I begged him not to tell anyone. He said he wouldn't. I cried myself to sleep.

I found out that he had told all of his friends when I was at a McDonalds and they came up to me and made fun of me and made references to Plan B pills. I cried. It was the worst experience of my life. 

I went home that night, and once I stopped crying I didn't start again. It was like all of my emotions were overloaded at once, and they shut down. Since that time every 'happy' moment has been faked in an attempt to keep my social circle close. I can't be alone right now. So I do what I have to do to keep people from thinking I'm a downer. The only emotion I feel at this point is sadness. 

My mother saw me crying today. She yelled at me for "moping around the house". I want to go to a hospital. I want pills to fix me, to bring back the emotions that went away that night. I want a doctor to diagnose with Dysmorphia so that I can stop telling myself that I'm just a "special snowflake" who needs to get over it. More than anything else, I want to know what I really look like. I want to look in a mirror and go "That's me! I look like this!" instead of seeing a figure that looks like an alien trying to blend into the human race but not quite getting the details right.


This is very long. Thank you for reading. 