I'm a failure.There's no other real way of putting it and it's one one the hardest realizations I've had to come to but I'm a dumbass. I'm not just saying that. So here's so backstory. My entire life I've been in low level classes. I've always done mediocre in those classes. So on Monday, I had a Really really hard US Government test. Ok, so I study my ass off during the day on Monday. It is my last class and I had a free period(substitute teacher) , study hall, and then lunch, then this class. I studied the ENTIRE time, went STRAIGHT to the library and didn't look up from my book once, re read the chapter, made friends with a smart kid in my class whk lend me some note cards to study from. Ok I got this, I go into take the test and I fucking bomb it. I got a 46%. On Tuesday I had a physics quiz. Ok, I my parents who am so thankful for hire me one of the best physics tutors in thr city. I study, I understand the material (or so I thaught). I got a fucking FOUR out of 20. The lowest grade in the class. Granted most people got 10/20's I still felt like I have down syndrome. This blonde bimbo in the class who says the most retarded shit gets the highest grade being an 85. Tuesday I also had a math test. Again, I have a tutor for this, one I've been seeing for months. A close friend of my teacher. I actually study a lot and think I know the material. Leaving the test my body physically felt numb.all that fucking studying and I still fucking didn't know how to do some of the problems. I don't know what I got on this one yet but I feel like if I fucking think about grades of college one more fucking time I think I'm going to explode. I have such a shitty GPA I am dreaming of getting into a shitty state school. Meanwhile my friends make Jokes about the idiots who go to the schools I want to go to. Every time we have a college meeting we get a pice if paper with our GPA on if and shit and every single time every kid is showing thier grades and shit meanwhile I'm pretending not to exist. I feel so fucking useless and dumb I don't even know what to think. I'm such a dissapointment to my parents, to myslef to everybody. Fuck. Worst part is nobody will even reply to me and this will be ignored as per usual with all my posts on reddit. Hope someone else has a better week than I do. 