I'm completely alone.I've always been on the depressed side. Even in my teens, when life was going realtively good for me, I've attempted suicide. It was mainly a kid's way of grabbing attention and seeking help from those I had close, but still.After a really bad breakup when I was 19 though I've closed up myself. I stopped leaving home, talking to friends and family, and in about a year I found myself alone. All the friends I've tought were close completely stopped even talking to me, My family's pretty much a ghost, we can go weeks without even talking to eachother, I can't manage to find a decent job, and recently even my will to try disappeared. I fell in heavy depression, but I coped with it. I'm now 23, and for the last 4 years even if I felt horribly empty I lived with it. I just went on, survived till the next day, not doing anything. I lost every aspiration, every dream I had. I became anxious and lost every inch of self-esteem I had. I thought no one would ever care for me. But some months ago I've met a girl online that genuinely looked like she cared for me. I've never been so happy, thinking that finally I had found someone. It took a lot of courage to even try staying with her, always thinking that I didn't deserve that, that she was just disillusioned with me and that she'd realize it and break up with me in no time. I was really happy though. For about a month, then my fears turned out to be true. I got dumped after just a month. It totally killed me. It's not even about the relationship in itself but about the fact, that after years of being used to " just surviving and feeling empty " I had started again to have hope, just to see them crushed shortly after. I now feel extremely depressed and I'm sure I'll never have anyone close. I don't have anyone from whom I can seek help, not even my parents. I feel completely helpless, I've lost 5 kg in about 2 weeks just by skipping meals, I spend the days in bed, just waiting for the next day to come by, and I'm starting to consider trying to do what I did as a teen, just this time for real and not for attention grabbing.