Failure is my first, middle, and last name.As the title says I'm a failure. The only times I succeed are just long enough to make the failure hurt more.

I'm a porn addict (since I was 5, no joke). I got married to a wonderful woman whose only requests from me were to quit porn and be a loving father to our children. I couldn't quite, but I told her I did. It's been five years of living that lie now. We have a wonderful baby who lights up my world, but I'm carrying on the family tradition. My dad was an undercover alcoholic for years. Now I'm an undercover porn addict.

I went to therapy hoping it would help. My therapist didn't think we could focus on the addiction because I was too depressed and suicidal. After months now of paying $40/week that we don't have my therapist and I agreed I'm not getting anything out of it.

I have degrees in psychology which means I just know too much. I'm trying not to run my own therapy, but my therapist keeps catching me doing it subconsciously. 

I have a job that I've had for a year and I love in a lot of ways, but I've managed to find myself out of my element and stressed because I'm alright at it but not great. I learned fast to minimal proficiency, but now I can't get past that point. People hired three months ago are out performing me.

To top it all off I somehow ended up falling in love with my wife's best friend. (Not out of love with my wife, I just love them both.) So apparently I'm an asshole in thay way now. 

I have a ton of impulses that I don't act on, but that keep niggling at the back of my mind. Impulses toward voyeurism, desires to hook up with my wife's friend who doesn't know I have feelings for her, desires to fo terrible things I'm too ashamed to even mention.

I see so many people these days (and especially on Reddit) talk about how certain types of people deserve to die. At what point is it better that I die before doing things wrong? Wouldn't the world be better off without me if I'm inclined toward bad deeds anyway? I just wish I could kill myself. I don't want to be talked out of it anymore. I want to be talked into it. Just let me die already.