posting here because i don't really know what else to do.(warning for talk of childhood sexual abuse and incest in this post)




i'm not in any immediate danger right now so I guess that's good but the bad thing is I live and struggle with chronic suicidality and am pretty positive that it's going to be my only option after a while.

I just feel like I don't have a future or any possibility of my life getting better no matter what I try and do to make it work. I'm 26, single, still living with my parents, and am on disability because of my mental illnesses as well as fibromyalgia. I have to deal with depression, anxiety, BPD, C-PTSD, ADHD, and an eating disorder. So not only is my physical pain hindering me but so is all the bullshit going on in my head.

From as early as I can remember I was emotionally, physically, and sexually abused by my older sister which is something I can never confront her with or come forward about without putting myself at risk of being abused by her again. I'm just stuck with the weight of that trauma and have to deal with daily flashbacks and nightmares about my sister and what she did to me. I was also sexually assaulted by a cousin when I was a child so that's just another fun bit of trauma for me to deal with. And the most frustrating part is that they'll never have to face amy consequences for their actions, they're still out there living their happiest lives.

So I'm severely traumatized, dealing with a laundry list of mental illnesses, and am in physical pain every single day. But it isn't like I haven't tried to do anything about it: I'm on medication, I have a cane I can sometimes use, I see a counselor, and I've tried to figure out some kind of career that could work well for me as someone with fibro because I don't want to have to rely on social assistance for the rest of my life.

The problem is none of that has worked.

Medication and counseling for years has given me some relief but at this point it feels like putting a bandaid on somebody who's been disemboweled - it's not going to do the trick. My cane can make walking easier on bad days but it doesn't change the fact that I'm in pain every single day. As for finding a career, I'm only qualified for entry-level manual jobs that I would never be able to do well because of all my pain. And the jobs that could work for me all require 4-years of university and a bachelor's degree which I definitely can't afford - and I also enrolled in and then had to withdraw from college twice already (the first time for mental health reasons, the second time for physical health reasons) which has me feeling like returning to school again wpuld be a terrible idea when it ended badly twice before.

I feel so fucking pathetic and worthless. All I want is to become independant and stable and have some kind of HOPE for my future, but that's always ruined when I remember the reality of my situation: no matter what I try or how much I want to, my life isn't going to change. It's always going to turn right back around and I'll be in the same place again. My sister always told me that I was worthless and that lying on my back and taking it is all I'll ever be good for and all anyone will ever want me for. And every single day it gets harder and harder for me to not believe her.

I feel like a waste. A waste of money, of resources, of energy, of life... It's like I'm a parasite that's draining everyone and everything around me, but even if I try to get better and fix things it doesn't work because at the end of the day a parasite is still a parasite.

There isn't a single day when I'm not thinking about how much I want to die and when/how I should commit suicide. I've made more attempts in the past than I can even count (though I've only gone to the hospital for it twice), and that still hasn't stopped or discouraged me from thinking that suicide really is the only way out of this since nothing I've done or can try to do will be able to help me.

To be honest, the biggest reason why I haven't made another attempt recently is because I'm somehow too depressed to even work up the motivation for that. But if I'm lucky maybe it'll pass or I'll be able to force myself to get motivated for suicide sometime in the future.