My Suicide/Death NoteI like getting my thoughts out there, and this feels like a safe place to discuss this. I don't plan on killing myself anytime soon, this is just here for the sake of sharing and storing it here, or on the off chance I pass away from natural causes.

Mom- Mom, I'm so sorry about the religious fights we had. I never understood or enjoyed the religious crowd. I always valued critical thinking and logical solutions, but I understand your faith. Please, stay strong, and I love you, don't worry about me. I never hated you, and thank you for everything you gave me.

Bud- I never understood why we called you 'Bud' instead of 'Father' or 'Dad'. It just seemed fitting. You were always my role model and a friend. But, you were also a great, honest, and respectable father, and I thank you for that and everything you did for me. I love you, don't blame yourself over this. (And please, stop smoking, the dogs hate it).

Beverly- Granny, thank you so much. You were always there for me to turn to. You were one of the most respectable people to talk to and debate with. You're brilliant, and thank you for all the animals you've saved. You're a great humanitarian, and I love you. Watch over Chip and Nalah for me. Tell Pam that I had a great deal of respect for her, please.

Dylan- I'm sorry for all the fighting and injuries we gave each other. I always had a lot of respect for you and your ability to move on from heartbreak and tough situations. Now you can have your turn on the Xbox now, brother. I love you, partner.

Steve- Man, where do I start with you? You were always a great friend, even when we didn't see eye to eye. Thanks for the memories, and I hope that Astroa and Yato can clear whatever the next raid tier is. Maybe we'll even get a new battleground to queue for. Nevertheless, thanks for being there. For The Alliance, you Horde scum.

Tyler F- I owe a lot to you Tyler, I owe you depts I can't repay. You were there when everyone else was busy or not there for me. It means a lot to me. And thanks a billion for helping me pass Algebra 2, I wouldn't have made it without you. It was good to know you.

Conner- Conner, it was great being friends with you. You always had the greatest jokes and memes. I enjoyed chatting with you whenever we saw each other out of school. Keep on rocking, Condad.

Walker- Okay, this one's hard. Truth is, you're the reason I was the person I was. Even after all the fights, disagreements, and issues, I'm glad we got to a neutral area. I was always envious of your chess skill, and your social skills. I hated how you treated some people, but I know you're better than that at heart. I hope you find the strength to fix that someday. It was nice to know you.

Doug and Michelle- You two were the coolest and greatest coaches our chess team ever had. I enjoyed talking politics and moral matters at practice Doug, and truth is, you kept me going for a lot longer than I expected, both in chess and in staying alive. I thank both of you, and I hope you both find fortune.

Kevin Franklin- This ones probably odd for you Mr. Franklin. I know I was just another student in your Biology class, but it was one of the only classes I've ever been engaged in. You were always friendly and relatable, and it helped me out having someone brighten my day. Thank you.

Nikki- (This is very hard to put into words, but I'll try.) I'm so sorry for what happened between us. I know I wasn't perfect in our relationship, but I never meant to cause you harm. There's a reason I walked into your life, because I cared before I met you. And I still cared. Even when you left and replaced me, if you needed someone to turn to, it would have been my honor to be that person. Thank you for the memories, the companionship, the time and care, and thank you for being the greatest thing to ever happen to me. Goodbye, I wish you well.