Why shouldn't I? I have severe anxiety and depression, recently made worse by a series of very stressful events, including an emergency surgery and my house being hit by a tornado. I have suffered from anxiety/agoraphobia since I was 12. I am 36 now. 

Since I had the surgery in April, I have been unable to gain my strength back and have been on a downward spiral. I'm severely agoraphobic, to the point I barely leave my room. I am incredibly depressed. I have no energy to do the simplest things. 

I voluntarily committed myself to a mental hospital in early July after a few trips to the ER for the exhaustion and also a stroke-like episode. I couldn't move my arm for a minute or less. Nothing was found and it was attributed to anxiety and being sedentary. 

The hospital was horrible. They had no idea how to treat anxiety disorders. The nurses were rude and overworked. The doctor was a megalomaniac who talked right over me. Their treatment was to withhold food and medicine until I could get to the dining room or nurse's station, activities I had difficulty with due to my agoraphobia. I discharged myself from the hospital. 

I entered a different hospital on August 12th. I stayed 10 days. I was started on Nardil and given some new therapy for treating anxiety. It seemed to work although not as well as I had hoped. I thought I would be much better upon release. I am not. I was released Tuesday. 

I think I'm worse. Since coming home i actually feel more agoraphobic, exhausted, and unable to move about the house. I also have POTS, which is a heart rate/blood pressure issue. It seems to be keeping me from being able to tolerate any meds. Right now I feel awful on the Nardil. It is really my last hope. I have tried every class of medication and several combinations over the past 20 years. MAOIs were all I had left. Nardil seems to be exacerbating my POTS. I can't seem to move. I just want to die and not be a burden on my parents anymore. I have no one else. Years of this illness have taken everything from me. No career. Never finished my degree, although I was about to but I will likely have to drop this semester because I can barely sit at my desk. I can't concentrate. My parents are sick of me. I can't blame them. They should be enjoying their retirement rather than being my nurses. Friendships have all died. No lovers except one woman who chose someone else over me. She is in Europe right now with her lover while I wonder if I will be committed again. She claims to still love me. She just loves things and has someone who will give them to her. 

I feel awful, alone, hopeless and cannot find a reason to live. I've done everything to get better. I failed. I just want this nightmare to be over. There is nothing left. 

God, someone have an answer. I've committed myself to mental institutions TWICE! What the fuck more do I have to do? Give me a break, a hand, some hope. I don't know what to anymore. 