Ideation ended up in making a noose tonight.Or trying too. Or experimenting with putting the belt around the shower rail. Even though I had no real intention of killing myself, I did put my head in and let it choke me a bit and possibly hoped I’d slip and accidentally end up hanging myself.

I feel like I’m too sensitive for this world. And that sensitivity is seen as a negativity by most, I care about people too much, I get attached and when I’m scared to lose them I end up pushing them away because I’m too intense in wanting to let them know how valued they are to me. Most recently a friend from work, who i admitted having feelings for when drunk on a night out, who was a good friend. A month ago she was telling me how thoughtful I was due to the gifts I’d got her. Now, she wants nothing to do with me and I know it’s basically because I sent a way too intense text about still wanting to retain the friendship.

This has been a pattern for me - I develop these great friendships and then get close and ruin it - with my best friend after we had kissed and now with this colleague. I try and rein it in but I just can’t help it. With this lady, I genuinely felt we flirted and feel stupid for misreading the signs, she had been getting touchy feely a bit towards the end, patting my butt and joking I was her work-husband (she is single).

When this happens I feel it erases all the positive things they thought about me, because one mistake and I end up losing all that, so it doesn’t matter how funny they found me, how thoughtful she thought I was, in the end I just ruin it.

I don’t feel I have anything to offer because the positive traits weren’t enough and I feel like I’m just not good enough and there must be something fundamentally wrong with me. My ex told me she loved me, spent one week on holiday with me after she cried 2 hours after getting there due to homesickness, and after 2 weeks of looking after her dumped me when we got back. From ‘soulmate’ to dumping me after 10 days together where I pretty much just looked after her and cancelled my trip early to get her back home (I had planned it for a year and spent a lot of money).

I feel like I’m too sensitive for a man, and that I’m not attractive due to it and have nothing to offer and could never be in a long relationship or close friendship due to how sensitive I am. And that I just at care too much about people and get hurt when they leave.

And I really am just tired of it now. I’m 31 but I feel like I’ve been struggling for so long.