Note a wrote a few days ago...Hey so this letter is my suicide note.

I think suicide notes are kinda cliche...but I guess people are gonna need a reason why I did it I guess? Idk... I failed out of school. I can't keep a job. I'm in too much debt. All these people worried about me and I'm just like yo y'all need to go live y'all lives and spend time on people that are going to use the rest of their life for something positive and not just be depressed 24/7. Hell all I do is sit in my room high af all day sad...honestly it was either kill myself or die from multiple drug withdrawal induced seizures. Oh yeah I am (or I guess was 😅) addicted to xans. Terribly addicted to xans. Couldn't tell anyone because it was my own fault. I wanted to get help but thought I'd never be seen the same way again. No one feels for niggas with a problem. They just say it's "their own fault". No one cares about drug abusers 🤷🏽‍♂️.  Not entirely sure if it's gonna be messy or not. I'd rather not be a burden even when I'm dead cause that's like a punch in the face. 


This way I'm not in the way of anyone else's happiness, I'm not somebody's reason to worry, I'm not anything. I'll be dead. 

I tried this whole life thing. Of course I have dreams and aspirations or whatever but what does any of that matter? I'm too depressed to put any effort into anything. Didn't realize how drugs can affect your mindset but it's too late for all that now I guess right...

To all my actual friends and family....sorry I failed you all. I'm sorry I was too weak to make it through by myself. I'm sorry I shut people out. I'm sorry I was so weak I let drugs get the best of me. But no one should feel bad at all. Please don't. I didn't tell anyone how I was feeling...or I didn't tell enough people. There's nothing more anyone could have done and everyone tried their best and I appreciate it with all my heart. I love everyone in my life. I just didn't love myself. And no one could've changed that. 

And to clarify why I was so difficult with every single girl that cared about me...it's because I wanted to be able to care about/like myself just as much as you did. I could never let anyone love me because I didn't love myself...I pushed people away because I hate the person I am, and I could never understand how you could love me when I have all the reasons as to why I don't love myself... I just wanted to see the person you saw and cared so much about because I've only ever seen one person in the mirror my whole life and that guy doesn't deserve it. 

I've been in a really really dark place for a while now...drowning in my own sadness. Trying to numb myself with weed and xanax... I bet most people are like "oh that's all sad or whatever but he took the easy way out and depression is fake"....but I assure you it's all too real and sometimes it fails to go away. You're stuck with it forever.