My life. A rant. Secrets.I was born in late September. As far as I can remember I've been sick. I was born into a family with a very strong history of mental illness. My mom's side. sick. My dads. Sick. Story's of my paranoid anxious behavior from the day I was born. I would scream about chairs left not pushed under the table before I could even comprehend anything. Would cry at night by the time I was 3 because any form of change. I feared anything. But was scared to admit it. I would have nightmares about freak accidents. By 6 I learned my family could die. So I was left in content fear of the safety of those around me. At 8 I started to notice the bullying. I was never over weight. But grew self hatred. I ate more than others food brought me a comfort nothing else could. I also began developing a crush on a girl. (I'm female) and knowing nothing but heterosexuality I was convinced I was disgusting. My dad being very opinionated was very homophobic. I got a tablet and free internet range. At 9 I became informed about sexuality through the internet. I had 2 friends that year. One girl a year older. One night we had a sleep over. We ended up "experimenting" witch we were far to young to do so. I was still being bullied. Students found out about what happened between me and her. Was bullied severely. I developed acne before every one else which led to more bullying. Spent recess that year during a hole by the back fence away from every one else. School grades declined. 10 to 11 years old grades became worse. I hated my self and body severely. I thought about cutting the fat off my body with kitchen scissors. My yet to be diagnosed mental illnesses sky rockets in severity. Grades and work ethic were at a all time low. I met another girl and the same thing happened as previously. But happened all year. I also like boys at this time.i thought about death a lot. I was bullied. Got called fat and ugly. Got called gay. And mocked for my grades even by the teachers. I cut myself for the first time. And began skipping lunch. But only gained weight due to binge eating.
12 years old my grades were in the 20s. I had no freinds. I developed a self harm addiction and cut my self any chance I got. Continued to gain weight. Would starve for a week at a time than binge eat. I weighed my self 3 times a day. Cried when I ate. Was bullied in gym. I began working out when I got home from school every day for 2 hours. Then binge eat. I started experimenting with prescription drugs. Tried slitting my wrist. And overdosing. Over the summer I tried getting clean from self harm. Had several relapses. I was severely suicidal. 2 weeks into 7th grade my school counselor had me hospitalized. I'm this hospital I was groomed and molested by a almost 15 year old boy. And again groomed into sex with a 17 Year old girl. 3 days after discharging from that hospital I relapsed and had to get stitches and was hospitalized again after the hospital visit I was sent to residential. I hated it. 9 days later I had my birth day there. And my dog died(I'm a shit person[for real]  like really shity) so staff and patients really hated me. I deserved it. I kept having breakdowns over stupid shit. I grew attached to staff (even though they hated me)  because I guess I felt cared for. I started to fear going home (I was still sick) I was scared of what would happen if I left. My binge habits flourished. And managed to sneak in razor blades and diazepam after a pass. And that lasted for about month. I mutilated my chest instead of showering. And talked to the fucking walls. I snuck in meds on pass and planed to OD. But changed my mind. After asking the float nurse questions about the meds. And realised I probably would have been found out. And suffered a lot of pain. And if I died it would of been really long and painfully. So I just watched the meds desolve in toilet at like 1 am in the morning. I treid to restrict instead of bingeing. Staff caught on. I was stopped. I ended up just bingeing more in the end. Tried hinting at my past ED s. And substance abuse. But really didn't want to at the same time so I just kinda sucked at it. No one believed me. I remember wondering if i could find my journal documenting it. But I guess my mom trashed it.  I began attention seeking. The therapist I got when I discharged thinks I may have been cause I didn't know how to ask for help. I decided I had enough and just brought prescription diazepam and razors from a pass. And used that help me through the last month and got discharged. I discharged after 8ish months. That night I tried ODing on old Prozac. Just got sick. Continued to mutilate my thighs. And abuse harder substances. 
I remember of the summer I spent like 4 days tweaked out. My bingeing got worse. Got comments on my weight gain by school mates.  I started a new school. I turned 14. A rumor was spread I smoked pot in the school bathroom( I had never smoked weed at school but people knew I smoked every day after school.at the creek)  I lost it. Mutilated my arm . And planed to OD. My school counselor had me hospitalized. After I got out my therapist thought I was safe so refered me to an IOP program. I'm in that currently. Shits been down hill. Restriction hit me like a rock ive been clean for a while. But would gladly cut my self if I could. Still abusing some substances. Ive been really low and high key suicidal. Life feels kinda shit not gonna lie. Thank you for reading. I means a lot