I'm 14 and I've already ruined half of my life so why don't I just die nowIve completely ruined fucking everything I ruined my relationships with my friends and family having not spoken to my brother in 2 years and been a cunt to everyone else, I've ruined my grades and now my parents hate me even more than they did before as well as my teachers all hating me for not handing in shit and for constantly being a pain to deal with, I don't have any talents or skills, the only skill I had was playing music but then I ruined even that from overworking myself and getting carpal tunnel syndrome so I can't even do the one thing I'm fucking goo dat or even interested in doing, everything is just shit.

None of my friends actually care about me, they're just trying to be nice by letting me into their friend group even though we don't share any common interests, they never invite me to anything either, even if they did I'd probably just make an excuse anyway cuz I'm that fucking lazy and that fucking terrified of social interaction.

I hate being around my own family. My mum's autistic, my dad's deaf and they both aren't that great to be around and only care about my grades, everyone around me just hates me so the only thing I can do to make the world a better place and make the people I know happier is by killing myself. I've looked at statistics of what methods are most lethal and cause the least pain and it looks like death via a gunshot to the head is the best way to go, but I don't have access to guns here in Australia, so  I'll have to die from jumping off a building instead. It's not the best way to go but it's the only real viable option. There are a bunch of buildings a half hour bus ride away which have roof access and are fairly high, so as long as i hit my head ill die. 

I can't wait. I hate this place. I hate this life. Nothing about it is appealing to me, only the fact I can help other people who want to be here, but the only way to do that is to die so I'm stuck in an infinite cycle now I guess. I'm planning on killing myself tomorrow night, it's not that suspicious for people my age to go out late where I live so I should be fine to go down to the city at about 11 where I won't be questioned. I then only have to go to the stairs of a building, get to the roof and jump. I hope I can do that. Even if the roof is locked off I'll find a window on the top story and jump. I'm done with life.

I was never super active in this sub so I'm sorry I couldn't help any of you. I should've been better but oh well I guess. I hope you are all doing well and at some point become happy again. I am sorry I can't help make that happen. Goodnight and goodbye.