I just wish I could feel what love's like before I diedI always wanted to feel what its like, when a girl looks at you and you're all she thinks about.  

I always wanted to feel what its like when a girl says that she loves you... in general really.  

I always wanted to feel what its like having someone who accepts and loves you for who you are.  

I always wanted to feel what its like when a girl gets naked for you without paying her.  

I always wanted to feel what its like to whisper your darkest thoughts into a soul who genuinely wants nothing more than to be happy.  


Oh who am I fucking kidding? I'm probably just a horned up teen with no real problems who just whines all day. Relationships are not that dreamy at all. I keep thinking that having a girl in my life will somehow make me want to live but I know it wont. I only keep on hurting those around me with my own meaningless shit.  


But it destroys me so fucking much to be living a life where its not in my destiny/fate/luck/whatever to ever be loved. My sole purpose of existence was to suffer and suffer inside, no matter how much internet strangers may try to talk I guess I'm just too stubborn. But I believe its a plain fact; I cant be loved. I'm too fat, repulsive to look at, strange and awkward to talk to, boring as hell and just so fucking wounded over my lifetime that nothing other than my blades and drugs make me feel loved, but they keep fucking my life up so I may as well cut it short and end everything now.  


Girls, y'all are so pretty and kind and compassionate. Don't ever lose that. Please. I dont really care what kind of a person you are, what you look like, what you act like etc. I just want y'all to be kind to those around you. Even if no one's been kind to you. We need more people like you. And less like me.   


Girls were nice to look at while I lived at least haha. A lot more aesthetically pleasing than my shitty room and my disgusting body that are the only things in my sight for days and days and weeks on end.  


I read somewhere that padding your noose makes death more comfortable and likely?