I don’t know.Hello. I don’t know how to describe what I feel, my head is a complete mess these last days. I don’t know what to do with my life. Don’t know what do do and think. Sorry if this writing is a little long, you don’t have to read it all, but thanks if you do. It’s just a relief for my self to write something down and share, I don’t know hopefully I’ll feel a little better then. English isn’t my first language as well so sorry for that too. 

I just feel completely empty and lonely. Even though I have people around me who ‘care’. I don’t know where to start but let me say, I have been feeling different for as long as I can remember. As a young girl is was afraid of others, crowded places and to be judged. I can remember a moment where I was like 5: there was some kind of a celebration at school I didn’t wanted to attend to because I was afraid of other people (?). Mom let me stay at home. My childhood and teenage years are a blur, but this is what I remember where it all started. If I was afraid of something, my parent let me decide what to do. That caused that I am always on the background, even for now. I was thinking about suicide when I was probably 17/18. Wrote many notes. At that moment I didn’t even wanted to turn 18 and just wanna die. Leave the world, because no one will miss me anyways. I went to collage, didn’t felt at home. Had to go with the bus everyday, feeling so damn insecure and wanted to die so bad. Cried myself to sleep so many times. I couldn’t compare myself to others. Still don’t. I (somehow) finished school. Haven’t got a driver license bc I thought I wouldn’t be here for long so it wasn’t needed. I didn’t had the money as well.

I’m 27, and still here. Nothing changed in those years. I feel ashamed. Old school friends are getting married and having children .. this voice in my head says I don’t deserve this so why comparing myself to others. It’s the only thing I know. I went to a psychiatrist a few years ago, didn’t helped at all. They kinda forced me to be in this group with other people I didn’t feel comfortable with at all, I had nothing in common with them. I was mad. Still taking medication which also doesn’t help imo. I’m so disappointed in my self. Why didn’t I take my life away when I was 18!? Ten years later: I’m not living but surviving life. Escaping reality.

I absolutely never know why I felt this way. Those talks with the psychiatrist didn’t help because I myself even didn’t know what happened in life that make me feel so disgusted about myself. About a week or two ago I came across an article about emotional abuse/neglect. I felt like my heart was sinking and at the same moment everything felt in place. My parent didn’t support the things I did, never took me serious when I was afraid of things that seemed to be normal, or the things I was excited about. Never focused on the things I found difficult at school or helped me with that. This has lead to so many things as an adult, I feel stupid and unneeded. We never went on vacation as a family, they were always focusing with their own business. I still love them, don’t get me wrong. I’m just disappointed and wish I could do this all over again.

There are so many more things I wanted to write down, but I feel like a burden and don’t want to bother you all with my stupid words. I’m sorry. I just hope I’m not the only one. I hope there’s one person who reads this and thinks: finally, I’m not the only one. Who experienced the same, and I want to tell you that I love you and I’m proud you’re still here. Because living this life when you feel you don’t belong, I can’t tell you, it’s not easy.
❤️