2020 a match to a pool of gas.I had to stay in a lease with my current girlfriend when the stay at home isolation was announced. From the point of me being on essential work and her teleworking, the absecence of being able to go anywhere led to alcohol and drugs every night, not me specifically but I definitely played my part. I felt more stuck than before.

Her parents were already racist and told me that I couldn't date her daughter only due to the fact that I had brown eyes. At first I thought I was a joke and the person I am I laughed and said we could always pick a child with blue eyes, it's genetically possible. They were joking. From that point on the relationship deteriorated at each act of their sabotage until their sentiment affected her. Not directly but she started only acknowledging my flaws and unappealing behaviors. Like "going quiet" and "not trying hard enough". It broke me to me honest, not to go into detail but her family even found ways to ruin my birthdays, I liked her so much but at the end after three years their work took a toll. 

We only had 3 months left on our lease. She got so drunk and got physical with me. She took a stainless steel mug and beat me in the temple with it. I have a pair of half moon scars where it's left.

Next morning I said that's it. I'll take a hit I'll pay out the rest of the months just go somewhere else I can't do this.

All my stuff is in storage now and I'm hopping around the states for work doing framing and remodeling. Staying where I can with all the stuff I need to wear and finish college with stuffed in my hybrid.

As I'm traveling around with the previous trauma and a new scarred appearance I find it hard to sleep (besides the fact it's on an air bed or in my car.

I don't know how long it'll take to recover but I wanted to post this somewhere.

I'm 25 about to finish my undergrad. I'm still employed but I feel like my life has been turned upside down and inside out. Sometimes dying seems better but in the end we're all just hurting really bad now. I hope you can meet the -me- outside of all this bullshit and I hope I can meet -you- too. 

Time is always spent, take either the memories or experience.