If a person you once knew commited suicide, and if you knew that he did and knew the reasons for it, you would definitely blame yourself for letting that happen, would you want to know anyway?Well, how do I begin...

I should say that to an outsider, I might not seem all that depressed or suicidal, and that unlike most people here, I don't really have a reason to try and commit suicide. On the outside I might seem incredibly lucky and not caring, a funny guy with some popular opinions, some unpopular opinions, no health problems, or any other problems, with a cool circle of friends, etc

I was born in Russia, and lived there for 18 years out of my current almost 20, and I consider my nationality to be Russian (although not exactly). Right now I moved to university in France, something very few people can afford. Here I might not exactly have a lot of problems, but I feel incredibly lonely, I feel like not fulfilling what I should and I feel not interesting to the French people to talk to, I also find my appearance to be repulsing, etc. I really want to feel needed by somebody, to not feel like people want to abuse me into doing something, but feel that I really make someone happy, feel like someone truly needs me for what I am, not what they can make me do.

Almost 4 years ago I met a girl, and we were talking for the whole New Year's Eve. She turned out to be not romantically interested, but decided to remain friends after I opened up to her, and I... Oh well, interested I was. Very was. And still am. She was (and still is) just... Perfect. Perfect appearance, perfect voice, perfect personality. And... Well, after that she moved to the other side of the world, and then I moved even farther from her, and so right now even if anyone was interested doing something would be incredibly, like, incredibly hard. For the past 4 years we were talking to each other on and off, but I never quite forgot her.

Right now I feel like I don't want to live without her, ever. That even if I somehow managed to, I would never be truly happy. Would never feel truly safe from being turned down at any moment. I have almost decided now that the best thing for me would be to end this cringe comedy. And... I don't know. Do I want that? Is it really true? Is this happening to me?

I don't know whether I want help with these thoughts for myself or just to know whether I should tell her what's happenning. She once knew I was suicidal, I was (unknowingly and pathetically) trying to manipulate her. I don't know whether me just saying that I want to be left alone would help her forget me, whether she will remember that I was suicidal, try to contact me and fail, and never have closure of what happenned to me, whether she will simply forget, or whether, before going out, I should write to her and explain what I want to do, apologise for doing that and say that I love her and will never forget her and, if the afterlife is true, I will always stay by her side? Will she blame herself for letting me do that for her entire life, even though nothing she could do would prevent that? I don't want to do THAT to her - in fact, I only want her to be happy...

Thanks for reading this mess.