I am not sure if this belongs here.I have attempted suicide 4 times in my life. The last time was in 2010 and my heart stopped, and I was in a coma for 3 days. When I woke up, all the people who abandoned me, abused me, treated me like dirt, pretended that they cared. This facade did not last long. I still haven't been to therapy. I still haven't regretted my actions. I still believe the world would be better off without me. The reason I question whether or not this post belongs here is because I am no longer capable of attempting. I am too afraid of failing again. The last time, I was paralyzed, awake, while they shoved a tube down my throat and cut my clothes off and talked about my boobs. 

Please do not suggest therapy or a hotline. I have tried both. I am receiving Medicaid from the state which is supposed to cover mental health services. I have a counselor at my doctor's office who directs me to programs that can help me. She directed me to one, after I failed on my own to find one that would accept my insurance. They told me the county was wrong, and because of this they could not accept it. So I had the county listed on my insurance changed. Then they said it would be a month before their system updated. They are a crisis clinic! I do not understand this. 
I have been to the ER, the psych ward, I have talked to hotlines, police, friends. Nobody gives a shit. I am on anti depressants. I am also on adderall and xanax. 
I am 22, I am staying in a motel, I cannot work because I am disabled with PTSD, depression, as well as physical problems with big long names. The government gives me a grand total of $200 a month. $200 a month. That's right. That's my "lifeline" as the program is called! 
I have been waiting for SSI for two years. My hearing is on Valentine's Day. My lawyer tells me that even if approved it would take 5 months after the hearing before I see a penny. I cannot wait that long.
I just want to go to college, but I can't, because I can't even live anywhere for more than a month. I have tried like hell, believe me. I'm a smart cookie.
My mother is a drug addict. My father is a gambler who has weekly dinners with my grandfather who sexually molested me and only got 5 years because I was young and they didn't think I'd make a strong testimony in court, because of how screwed up my family is. 
I suppose there are upsides to the way I feel, because I do not fear death, I only fear doing it myself. A gun to my head would not scare me if held by someone else. A natural disaster would not phase me. 

I suppose, in a sense, I am suicidal because the living hope inside of me is dying. 

The last time I let go of hope and truly stopped caring was when I went into that mentioned coma.

I am not afraid, or worried.

I am empty.