The Bipolar Monster.There was once a young boy who grew up in the Midwest. They were known as the class clown going through school, and prided themselves in making people smile or laugh. They were bright, creative, and funny. This childlike happiness lasted til about their sophomore year of high school. Their mother had started having problems of her own, becoming more mentally ill and erratic and less of the caring mother they had known. Then she started attempting suicide many times, mostly with pills, but one time with a kitchen knife. The boy even found his mother one day, asleep in the attic as if she was hiding. The boy and his sister tried to rouse their mother, but something seemed very off. She woke up, but was barely conscious. The kids called their father in a panic and he rushed home from work. While they were waiting, the young boy had carried his mother downstairs and sat on the couch with his mother in his arms. His sister had brought some coffee to try and keep their mother awake. The young boy honestly feared in that moment, that his mother would die in his arms that night.   


After some time, his mother got better and found the help she needed. While very thankful and glad for his mother's well being, he felt like something had changed in him, emerged or was set free from within. Thinking back, the boy had the warning signs that something was wrong with him, but it was always chalked up to kids acting like kids. Things kept getting worse for the boy. He started feeling more alone, started caring less, and was getting more angry. They tried to smother their feelings with drugs and cigarettes.   


One day, the young boy met some new friends. For the first time in a long time since the incident with their mother, they were happy. He felt like these friends understood him, and that he understood them. He felt like he belonged for once. Things were great for a whole summer, he made many fun memories. But his senior year of school came, he was more stressed and depressed than ever. And it was taking a toll on his new friends. After a while, his outbursts became too much for them, and the same people who said they'd always be friends with the boy had left for good. The boy blamed himself for a lot of things, like this, and his mother's suicide attempts. The boy had felt like somehow, this was all his fault, and to a degree it was. The boy was far from perfect, he cried too much, he got too angry, he was simply too emotional. And he was raised to believe that men are strong people who control their emotions.   


One day the boy was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder type II, the same mental illness his mother has. He no longer felt like a normal human being, he was a bipolar freak, a bipolar monster who couldn't control them-self and hurt the people that cared for him. It was a hot and erratic stream of anger and thoughts coursing through his sick mind, he would say mean hurtful things he didn't mean, and regretted the harsh words greatly. But he couldn't stop himself. He wouldn't listen, he wouldn't learn. As soon as he got upset, it was like a worse version of himself would take over and then go away after the damage was done.   


For years, this kept going on. And the boy made more friends. But lost them all too soon enough. No amount of sorry or regret could make up for the damage he caused.   


The boy got more and more depressed, and hated himself whole. He started to talk about suicide more and more and it kept driving his friends away. Even his calm, rational, understanding best friend had had enough of his negative talk. "You're being selfish and narcissistic." His former best friend said in regards to his suicide plans. Then his best friend left too.  


All of this was the boy, no, the monster's fault. All because he couldn't just get over his mental illness. He was selfish, a loser, and a burden to everyone he met. He's sick of driving people away. He wants to die. He wants to free the world from the mental illness that he can't manage. The monster will die alone.  


I am the bipolar monster.