Loose ends tied up now.(20m) I've been feeling actively or passively suicidal for years (6 or 7). I've reached out to friends, family, hotlines. I've been dragged out of my house by cops to be hospitalized. Maybe each time I would switch from actively suicidal to passively, just being reckless instead of actual attempts. 

Two nights ago I tried to overdose for the near dozenth time and failed, next day was all agony. I only got out of bed a few times to throw up. Since, I haven't moved much except to do small things like clean up my dog or feed my other pets. I know they will all be looked after when I go. 

I tied up all my loose ends in these last few weeks. I pushed all of my friends away to the point where they hate me. This will make things easier. Not to mention that all of these 'friends' barely knew me until they needed something. 

I'm a trans man but I have ok insurance that covers parts of my transition and since I live at home rent free, all of my spare cash that doesn't go into student loans can cover copays. 

I know I'm really fortunate in life. I'm a college student with all As. I take maximum credit hours and pass them all AND I have a decent job where I pick my own hours and make well above min wage in my state. I have mentors and professors who are close to me and contacts at some of the best schools in my state. 

My parents aren't abusive, my family is generally pretty ok. Except even working (20hr/wk) while in school full time and making all As, my parents don't think I'm doing enough. Every few weeks they threaten to kick me out for not doing enough housework or not doing it fast enough. My siblings are not treated the same way, they can kind of do anything and generally not get yelled at. We all live at home and I'm not the oldest or youngest. 

So why do I still feel so alone and incapable of giving or receiving love. The idea of being near people is enough to make my skin crawl because I know they don't like being around me. I'm ugly and I feel like an imposter for even having this constant overbearing urge to kill myself because I don't have a bad life at all. My next attempt is going to be starving myself to death. Or hanging. Nobody bothers me so either should be easy enough.