Heading down the wrong road. I feel like I'm running out of options.*Scroll to bottom for TL;DR

Let me start by saying that I'm not sure if this is the most appropriate subreddit to post this on. I'm totally new to this region of Reddit.

I've recently been struggling with a lot of things, none of which I find important enough to discuss with my friends or family. Those who I have reached out to don't have any advice or suggestions due to a lack of real consideration or extenuating circumstances like dealing with their own mental health or personal life. So, I've finally decided to reach out to anyone willing to read online.

I really don't know what to do with myself. I've felt so alone lately. I've been calling myself a total loser and generally feel overwhelmingly unwelcome and out of place in social situations. I'm always afraid that no one actually likes me or would care if I had bothered to show up. I almost always feel really deeply hateful towards myself, and I'm very easily set off at myself.

I'm an AP (advanced placement) student and it's an absolute nightmare. I go to school every day and get lied to, laughed at, and ignored by everyone in my class solely because I'm viewed as "competition." I get headaches more than half of the days out of every month and I always come home crying and drained from seven hours of silent misery and mental exertion. I'm constantly tired and I can hardly hang out with people without falling asleep. My boyfriend and his friends are concerned, but I just try to brush it off.

To deal with the isolation and general misery I feel about things, I bite and pick my lips on the inside and outside. It's gotten so bad that I accidentally went too deep and had blood dripping down my chin in the middle of class. My boyfriend knows and he keeps telling me it's self harm, but I don't know if that's true or not and I'm honestly too afraid to look into it. I usually don't do it with self harming intent.

I'm afraid. I feel empty, alone, and hopeless. I'm constantly pissed at myself. I no longer feel like I deserve good/nice things and I don't accept compliments very easily. Sometimes I feel like I deserve to bleed. I don't know what to do or where to go. I feel like I'm running out of options and I'm starting to just shut down regarding my mental health. I'm my last priority and I feel like I haven't even earned that position.

TL;DR:
I hate myself very very  v e r y  viciously and deeply on a near perpetual basis. I bite and pick my lips to the point of bleeding and needing weeks to heal. I have zero friends and feel unwanted and out of place in every social situation. School sucks, home sucks, and I suck. I'm running out of options.

Please help.