I dont know how to get helpIve been struggling really hard recently. Im missing half the school days becaude i dont want to get up, and when i am at school all i can think about it how much better it would be if I was asleep or dead, or how much the people around wouldnt care if I wasnt there anymore. I tried last on dec 17 and it didnt work my parents never found out, i took the day after off and on the 19th  i went to school. 

Doing anything productive makes me feel like dying. Its like my head is constantly just telling me to put myself out of my misery. I dont want to be here anymore, and at this point i dont know if I mean the town, the school, the state or even the world. I want to be somewhere else, but I dont want to die. Its starting to feel like the last place i can turn to. Its so exhausting hiding it and doing the things that are constantly making me feel like i should be dead. 

I dont know how to get help. I'm not close with my parents. They dont understand how serious my issues are, when I was first diagnosed with anxiety i was sent to one therapy session, and then when the next one was scheduled, they never took me. Last march i mentioned my anxiety again and my dads response to help was "just talk to people" so i dont see them as an option. When I was around 8 or 9 my older sister tried to kill herself, and thats when they took her to therapy, not after she asked and asked. 

Last week my school faced the reality of an old classmate comitting suicide, there wasnt much talk about it, a few Snapchat stories, no assembly or offers to help any students who may have been greiving, or even any help to prevent other students from trying. I didnt know this kid, but it was an eye opener seeing the path i was setting up for myself. The scary thing is that it didnt push me farther, it made me want to hurry up the process and get it over with, like the lack of offers to change was just a clear path to escape. Like even if I got caught, i wouldnt be talked to about it. 

I'm so scared of confrontation, i hate serious situations, i dont know how to get out. I dont want to be here anymore and i don't know what to do except jump the gun and swallow the pills. 

Sometimes im okay. Sometimes, like now, its really hard to resist. Other times ive got 3 pill bottles in front of me and the only thing stopping me is procrastination. Im okay for tonight, im going to sleep, the only thing ive taken is melotonin so I can sleep, but its just getting harder and harder to keep myself alive. Please help me find some way out of this. 

Sorry for the long read. Again, im okay for tonight, but i cant say how well ill be any time in the future.