i just want to be with my baby againI lost my daughter on August 5th. She was only 22 days old. I wanted her for as long as I could remember. More than anything in the world. For a long time, I thought I couldn’t have any children and started to accept that it might never happen. Then one night I woke up and knew she was here, touched my stomach and said we are going to be together forever, took a test and it was positive. My girl was coming on October 4th.

Then things started getting bad. I had preeclampsia and didn’t know it. I had a 2 week gap in between doctor visits and in that time I developed preeclampsia. I had a preeclamptic stroke at 7 months pregnant and my little perfect girl came early. Tiny fingers, tiny toes. Perfect. She was the naughtiest NICU baby, always pulling at her tubes and wires, taking the tube out of her nose to breathe on her own, shoving her hand down her giant diaper, gaining weight every day. She was perfect. I went to see her every night. Then one day I get a call saying she needed a transfusion because her blood levels were low. After her transfusion, she developed NEC. She passed away before the doctors even got a chance to do her surgery. She looked so pale and scared and confused and my heart just broke into a million little pieces. I never even got to hold her, to kiss her, to let her know that her mommy was right there with her. 

I am so blinded with hate for the world after losing my baby. Some people get to have multiple children and I can’t even have one and it’s not fucking fair and it’s not right. I don’t understand why this is happening to me. I don’t understand what type of god takes a child. I don’t understand why I got to have her for a second only for her to be taken away. 

I don’t know how to just.. be... anymore. Nothing makes sense. I don’t care about anything anymore. I hate everything. Every fucking day is a constant struggle. Every waking moment is spent thinking of this little girl. I miss my baby so much it hurts through to my soul. All I want is to be with my baby again. I just want to be able to feel her tiny hand holding onto my finger again. I just want to be with my baby again. I need to be with my baby again. 

I finally made up my mind that I am going to find her. I already wasted enough time without her. She might be out there with my mom but I don’t know if she’s found her yet and I don’t want her to be alone. She’s so tiny and she might be out there alone out and she needs her mommy and I need her. 

I will walk for eternity if I have to just to find my baby in this world or the next.