When I am aloneI’ve never posted or written anything here before. And I’m not really sure what to expect or where I should start. Truthfully I’d like to air my feelings and I hope it makes me sleep a bit better tonight. Here goes: 

For as long as I can remember I’ve felt different. Unlike my family, unusual at school, an odd fit on my work teams. I’ve never really found a place where being me is OK. 

I’ve learnt how to hide behind a superficial wall every day, in any and all interactions. Whether I’m talking to a friend, talking to a parent or talking to my now gone partner. I can be the person they want me to be around them. That person always changed to whatever suited the person in front of me. Sometimes ambitious, submissive, funny, practical, miserable, or anything I felt they they needed. 

I’ve suffered from pretty bad anxiety for a long time too, for many different reasons. It’s difficult for me to talk sometimes, to be around others without fear of rejection. Worst of all it’s almost impossible to look in a mirror without overwhelming guilt, shame and later, disgust. The person I see in that reflection and the person I feel inside are so disconnected and accepting who I am is exhausting. 

I often read about rebels, clever people, or those who’ve faced monumental challenges that they have overcome. And even people who selflessly help those around them. I’m not like them, I feel like a grey slow walking mass. 

When I’m alone, like now, I try to re-arrange my mind. I tell myself who I am; what I value, what I find interesting is OK. I try desperately to tell myself my anxiety is just a thought and not reality. I try hard to tell myself that my reflection is perfect the way it is. 

Bit the truth is, deep down, I don’t know who I am or what OK is. Nobody teaches us this when we grow up, and all you can do is try your best. 

Today it’s taking much more effort than usual. I feel myself falling through the ground. I feel myself sinking into the air about my feet. 

I see opportunities around me to go from this place to another, where I can be alone forever. I’d love just for a minute to be me, just me, whoever he is.