I feel like I'm the unluckiest person in the world. What should I do?Parents do play a major role in their child's growth. Lucky to say, in my situation, I still do have parents. Unfortunately though, my father has not been living in the same home as where I'm at. I am currently living with my mother and my younger brother. My father rents this condo unit. However, I just discovered not so long ago that my father has another family. Let's call it, his main family so technically, we're the second and less prioritized. I've always wondered why my father never lived here and was always told that he is staying in the office for night shift and all. He visits every now and then to check up on us for the financial part of the family, but emotionally I feel that he is missing. I never had a "dad", just someone who provides as it is his duty to do so as a father. My mother on the other hand, never connected with me on a personal level and just stayed in her room resting. She suffered a stroke a year ago, but I believe right now she's doing okay. I never really want to make an effort to connect with her because that's just who I am and it would feel really awkward. My younger brother is still young but I can say that we're okay with the small talk. I'm lucky enough to have studied in an exclusive high school and a prestigious college to which my father pays for everything. I'm about to graduate this February, but other than that, I feel like I have no purpose in life. 

I always feel pressured with my peers whenever we hang out or do something, because I don't always have enough money to contribute to the group because as I said, I've never been given the right priorities by my father to actually have fun. He hates it when I go out so I sneak out the house. He wouldn't know anyway since he doesn't live here. My mother lets me go out though. What's worse is whenever he gets mad at me, he verbally abuses me by cursing me and saying shit that's truly hurtful. He also used to physically assault my mother when I was a kid. That was probably around 5-8 years ago. Now, he just verbally abuses anyone who doesn't follow his "rules". In turn, I drink or smoke away the pain or do something to forget that it happened. God, I really wish I had a real dad. 

I was supposed to go to medical school for graduate studies, but my father said no because he doesn't have the finances to do so. It's weird cause he just bought and drove a new Benz going here and blatantly showed it off to my family. What an asshole. Now that my dreams are gone, I really don't know what I would do in the real world. I don't want to be a loser for life. I want to be happy. Heck, I can't even get a girlfriend cause I feel like I can't provide anything to her since I have literally no value and all as a person. I'm 22 and still haven't experienced things a 22 year old should suppose to feel. I feel like life hasn't given me the right path to live a normal life. I really never had a father figure. He never taught me how to drive, let alone never did anything to provide personal growth.

Also, I feel like I'm been distant to my friends as I can't tell them the things I just typed for the past 10 minutes. I feel like they wouldn't care or just say something like "shrug it off, drink it away". That wouldn't help much. What should I do?

Apologies for the TL;DR. I also apologize for the incoherence. I'm bad at making paragraphs. 

EDIT: I just need someone to talk to. Damn do I feel quite down. 