Repost of my not popin rant because suicide day part 5 is going to happenOn New Years I planned to kill myself but I ended up not being able to do it because my friends helped talk me about of it. I had "attempted" 2 times before but they were just out of impulse and obviously didn't work. But New Years was different, I had been in a 2 month depressive episode and I had planned out when and how I was going to do it for a while. It's been over a month since then and I still feel so suicidal. I keep having strong urges. And I feel so horrible because my friends care so much about me but I still want to hurt and kill myself. Yesterday I stayed home from school because I was really depressed. I was home alone all day. I almost did it again. I had the impulse to milk myself so I made a quick plan. I took like 7 melatonin pills and cut myself a lot deeper than normal. I stated to pass out and I bled everywhere but obviously I didn't die. 

I've been so fucked up recently I just want to end everything. I can't ask for help, just like last time my parents will think I'm being dramatic and assume my friends are a bad influence on me. It's been 4 months and I'm still really depressed. I'm failing half my classes and I have so many self harm scars. I'm stupid and ugly. I don't have a reason to stay alive. I wish my friends would just stop caring about me so I could just die. If I isolate myself again they will know what's up and reach out to me, and I'll just feel more guilty. 

About a week or 2 ago I talked to my best friend about this for the first time since "suicide day". She was worried and said she didn't want me to get hurt. She told me to reach out to me when I have urges. After that talk I cried for the first time in a long time. I felt so guilty, like I'm a burden on everyone, but I was also happy that she cared so much. She is pretty much my only friend at this point because I've been slowly isolating myself the last few months. I feel like I'm toxic. Like I'm putting so much pressure on her to always be there for me.

All I've ever done is make everyone around me miserable. The world would be a lot better without me. I'm toxic, I'm an attention whore, literally every bad situation I've been in is my fault. I dont know why anyone would care about me. So yea I'm planning suicide day part 5 and this time I'm not gonna fail. Nothing can stop me.