I just need someone to talk to. Please.I feel like an absolute crazy person. I feel like maybe I have gotten so used to the idea that I should kill myself that literally the smallest occurrence will send me over the edge. I’ve been to the psych ward. I’ve been to the hospital. I’ve been to many treatment centers and detoxes. The reality is that I’ve hated myself since I was 8, having to go to the elementary school counselor every Tuesday to talk about why I hate myself so much. 
I had a decent childhood. My dad can be a hot head and get in my face when we fight but he’s my number one fan. He is so strong and loves me so much. But he’s human. And same with my mom. She can say hurtful things she later apologizes for but she will always answer when I call and there isn’t anything she wouldn’t do for me. I’m so fortunate in that and yet most days I don’t feel grateful, I feel guilt. So much guilt for “having it good” when others are dealing with real problems and they’re staying strong.
 I turned to drugs when I was 13 and stayed numb as long as I could. I remember the relief I felt the first night I found that pain pill and used. Absolute relief. Drug use has come with much trauma, furthering the hate for myself and the general unhappiness I feel in life. I’ve been clean for a while now and I worked the program. They promised I’d be content. But I feel more alone than ever. 
I ruin everything. It’s like a compulsion. I do it without even realizing it! I have failed at just about everything since graduating high school. I can’t handle simple disappointments without wanting to hurt myself. I feel shame so deeply in my soul. Over everything. I’m doing the coping skills. I go outside and walk, I journal, I even attend group therapy. But I made the mistake of telling them I wish I didn’t wake up. I told them I didn’t have a plan and I wasn’t going to do anything but they called the cops on me. The guy came in and stood over me with his hand on his gun while I was sitting down trying to talk to my counselor. He just wanted to know if I planned to hurt anyone else. 
I feel so defeated. I’ve been to counselor after counselor and many psychiatrists and been on many many meds. Nothing seems to help. I don’t have any friends. And I’ve grown so tired of hearing my mom say “it’ll all be okay.” She tries. But she doesn’t know what to do. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I failed the first time I tried to kill myself only I saw what it did to my parents. Now I’m so consumed with the anger at the inability to just fucking do it and the guilt of wanting to because it’ll hurt my family so much. I don’t know what to do. I have no one. I just want to talk to someone. I don’t even care about what. I just need a friend. 
There’s so much more I want to say but this is probably long enough that most people want even want to read. Thank you if you have read it.