I feel increasingly unhinged and I can’t do this for much longer.so, this past week has been a weird one. my moods have done a world tour and now i’m so exhausted. has anyone else struggled with this too? 

day 1, sun: had a massive, overwhelming self-hate spiral the day after my therapy session, cried for hours and wanted to die. note: i had a dose change for my effexor 2 days back. 

day 2, mon: emotionally drained and flat.

day 3, tue: felt extremely hopeless, cried a fucking ton from shower to bed because of how endless my emotional pain felt. 

day 4, wed: cried a ton again, mainly due to anxiety over therapy, moving houses, and the thought of my parents dying in 20 years and me wanting to kill myself immediately after they’re gone. 

day 5, thu: migraine, but otherwise fairly normal. went to dinner with some friends. 

day 6, fri: no thoughts in my head, but physically drained of all energy. laid in bed throughout the day for a good 8 hours straight. didn’t eat much. 

day 7, sat: lots of thoughts and questions. exhaustion was around 65-70%. my brain needs hugs. 

day 8, sun: had a terrible series of dreams. more energy that day, but felt jittery and nauseous. chest felt heavier. no thoughts, and felt empty. i didn’t eat much again. 

day 9, today: didn’t sleep a wink last night (despite nightly rx of trazodone &amp; zopiclone). feeling very unemotional and flat. no thoughts in my head except thoughts of self-harm because i felt nothing in my chest &amp; head. i used a meat cleaver to try and cut myself at 5am in the kitchen, but the cuts were so uselessly shallow that i was plain unimpressed — this was weird because i never feel the urge to SH unless i’m uncontrollably hurting emotionally. went to get breakfast without my family knowing, and wanted to sit on the roof of a nearby parking garage and see if i wanted to jump. ended up going home and napping for 2 hours after everyone else woke up. 

i feel unhinged. i don’t know what to expect. i know i’m in the depths of a MDD episode right now but this has been a whole other level of ill. how the fuck have i gone from crying for hours to feeling nothing at all? what’s happening to me?

i’m so tired of feeling this way. i just want to make it make sense, and feel better. i thought i was supposed to be improving with treatment but i feel like i’m going nowhere. 

when is this going to end?