I outburst to my father and my brother about wanting to die; they basically ignored me and have not done anything about it to help.21 y old college student living with my parents. Did very well in high school, and I wanted to pursue Mathematics since I really liked it, but my dad pressured me into pre-medicine (which I later dropped.) COVID came around and forced me to stay at home. The pandemic, online classes, missing my friends/professors and face to face interaction, and an over reliance on the internet and my computer for education/entertainment has led me to feel somewhat anxious and depressed these past few years; grades began to slip, but I didn’t fail anything thankfully. My family doesn’t care about me that much and still wants perfection even though I’m not perfect.

I unintentionally got into an argument between my family because my mom (who i love dearly) has often been mistreated and yelled at even because she’s an unemployed housewife. When I brought it up that we should still try to be nice to her and shouldn’t pressure her to do things she doesn’t want to do, my brother got defensive, and we began arguing. My father eventually hopped in. This led to a heated discussion between me and my brother/my dad, which lead to my dad saying something along the lines of “you’re the reason why things are so messed up here.” I immediately screamed, backed away and cried.I yelled and screamed more than once that I wasn’t comfortable with living here, how my mom deserved better than what we were doing, and that I really wanted to die and have thought about it for quite sometime...

... and they basically just brushed all of that off.

I couldn’t believe it. All they said was it’s not religious, I was too sensitive, “I should just pray more,” and that it would look bad for everyone here. That’s how important I was to them; not as a human being or a son or a brother, but just something to make them look and feel better. I could tell from their eyes, tone, and laughing demeanor that that’s all they cared about. I felt horrible. And although I do consider myself as sensitive, I refuse to accept that as an excuse for such shitty behavior. 

Eventually, they just left me to my room hoping I would calm down. But I swear if I had something to instantly take the pain away after my dad told me that, I would’ve done it.

I wish I could do something for my mom and I. Save us from this terrible oppression and house without love. Idk what to do, but that’s all I have to say about it.