I’m in so much pain and I’m just exhausted. I’m ready to go now.My name is Reuben Bell, I’m 19 years old and less than an hour ago I pointed an air rifle to my head and pulled the trigger, the gun jammed so I tried again 3 more times and the useless thing didn’t work. I wound up just punching the stupid thing until it fell apart, it went down fighting at least and I now have a piece of lead in my leg. Funny how it fires when I try to destroy it but when I needed it most it just didn’t work at all.

I don’t know why I’m writing this, I don’t know why I do anything anymore. My life is a series of sleepless agony followed by a few short hours of sleep before the cycle continues. I don’t even know how to describe how I feel on a daily basis, I’m constantly hurting but I’m also so exhausted that I just struggle to feel anything at all. It doesn’t make sense but it’s painfully real to me.

I have so many regrets. I’m haunted by the friendships I lost because I didn’t just pick up the phone and send that one message, there was a time where I thought I could be normal and I might actually have been happy but I lost that and it was entirely down to my actions. Then I did it again, then again. Now I’m here.

I hate every part of me. I’m bisexual and it disgusts me, I don’t even know why. I have no problem with gay people or bi people or whatever but with me it just feels wrong, my dad says being what I am is unnatural and I constantly hear people say my sexuality is not real, that it can’t exist. To the people who believe this, fuck you. From the bottom of my heart I hope you suffer as much as I have. You truly deserve it.

Despite failing today I know that one day I will take my own life. It won’t be long now, I have 14 pence to my name and in 29 days I’ll be evicted once my rent doesn’t come through. I tried to make an effort and look for jobs, I applied for hundreds. I received rejection letters or silence on all. I can’t hope anymore and I don’t want to, it would lead to a short relief followed by even more pain.

I’m not here for sympathy or help, I’ve made my decision and this is what I want and need. I always hear things like “think of your family” and “you’re not alone.” You know what my family is? My family is the memory of an abusive mother who still lives in my mind no matter how far away from her I move. A woman who leveraged my first suicide attempt and the death of her own father to try and bring me back under her control. My family is a father who spent 3/4 of his life in another country with his girlfriend while I was trying to keep my brother away from the first monster he married, right before he abandoned her, leaving me to take all the emotions that brought.

So yes. When I take my life I will think of my family. And I will do so alone.

I’ve been giving thought to what I want to do in the coming days before I go. I’d like a good nights sleep, I’d like a hot meal and a duvet that isn’t in tatters. I’d also love to go for a walk in the rain one more time. More than anything I just really wish I could get a hug.

I still have an air pistol and I know with enough shots to the head and chest it will kill me, I didn’t see it as an option before because it would hurt so much I’d black out or quit but after shooting my self in the leg today I’ve realised I can take the pain, I’ll load up on painkillers, drink a good scotch, lock my door and throw the key out the window, turn the rain sounds on the TV up and get it over with. It might suck for a little while but once it’s over I won’t have to feel this ever again so it’s worth it. 

I know I’m just words on a page to you guys but if you want to do something to help, actually help. There are people in your life right now going through the early stages of what I went through, they can still be helped. Help them. Your comments on Reddit won’t save a life but being there for someone who could maybe just use a friendly chat right now might. With lockdown this is even more important. Please, please help someone who needs it, someone who still can be helped. I’ve accepted I’ll die alone, I really don’t want others following me.

Thank you for reading.