I am scared for my sister [16F] who is morbidly obese and potentially suicidal, parents [45F] and [41M] are enablers and in denial. [Xposted to /r/relationships]I was pointed in this direction from the other thread, so if this is a misplaced post, just delete. I appreciate any advice.

Throwaway because I'm usually the one giving the advice but this time I'm at a loss. This will possibly have a lot of meaningless details in a a wall of text, with more being left out, so...consider yourself forewarned.
I [25] come from a blended family. My brother [26], half brother [18], and half sister [16], mom [45], stepdad [41].
A little background- my parents have always been big people. My stepdad comes from a long line of diabetics and my mom's side has been riddled with cancer and heart problems. My brother and I know that our bio dad has heart problems and his dad, our grandpa, died of a heart attack. Biologically speaking, we have the odds against us so going into high school as chubby kids, we knew things had to change. And they did. We both joined sports and the weight lifting program. We leaned out. We grew up and moved out, with him staying in town and I moved away. We weren't very close to our half siblings at all growing up. Too much of an age gap, I guess? Plus, they just seemed to get a bit of favoritism tbh. Not shocking.
They were both always very big kids. I knew there was a problem when my grandma (mom's mom) told me my sister was 185 lbs in the third grade. I knew she was big, I just never had a number. I told my brother and we tried to talk to our mom. She is a VERY non-confrontational person who clearly suffers from severe denial. She was pissed we tried to bring up our sister's weight then just snapped, started sobbing, and yelled "You think I don't know there's a problem?!" Then walked away and pretended it never happened.
At 11, my parents let my sister make a FB. (I told them not to, I knew she would be a victim of cyberbullies because she was/is bullied relentlessly in real life.) She immediately started receiving death threats from a girl she went to middle school with. Fucking 11. I was married by then and lived out of state with 2 kids so I couldn't do anything other than call people. They took it to the police- "we can't do anything, sorry". They took it to the superintendent- " we can't do anything, sorry". Then they just left it at that. According to my younger brother, she went to counseling one day a week for about 4 weeks after that. Then stopped going. She's steadily gained weight, is now 16 and what I would easily call 400 lbs. she's 5'10-11" but she wears special ordered clothing. Here's the kicker, I occasionally forget- and so does everyone else apparently- that our mom had a gastric bypass. Fully paid for by insurance. She was like a size 20something, and got down to a size 12. Then for whatever reason, she stopped measuring, stopped counting, and she's been back to her previous weight for a few years now. My stepdad was recently diagnosed with adult onset diabetes. I don't doubt my sister is far behind if she doesn't have it already. (My mom likes to blame it on a thyroid condition which was ruled out a long time ago, my mom just thinks she knows better than the Dr because she's an RN- forgot that little fact.)
Now, both brothers have now said that I'm the only person in the family who can bring any of this to their attention. My younger brother is reliant on my parents for his vehicle (in their name) and is currently going to the community college at their request to stay closer to home instead of the uni he was accepted to further away, where he could stay in a dorm. My older brother is tied up with them financially and risks having his payment cut off if he says anything about this. I am the only person who is out of state and fully self-reliant. I would risk pretty much nothing in throwing an intervention of sorts, aside from relationships and possibly contact with them. My stepdad is VERY protective of our mother and her annoyingly softer-than-butter feelings, and I've gotten many lectures for upsetting her and making her cry over things she brings on herself.
The BIG problem- My younger brother told me last night that he thinks our sister is severely depressed. She gets home from school and hides away in her room, on her phone, eating food. I asked if our parents have ever gone through her phone or even have her passcode as a parental guidance thing, he said no. Worst of all, he said he's found things before, in a journal my sister kept, saying "I wish I was already dead", "I want to kill myself", "I fucking hate my life", and "I hate everyone" among other disturbing things and brought it to our parents who then sat her down and lectured her for hours, not letting her speak, then went about business as usual. (My stepdad has always wanted to be a therapist but sucks at it, because he's fucking biased and lacks the ever important education part...)
I don't know how to handle this. I don't know who to turn to, but my little brother expressed a lot of concern for her well being and said I was the only one who could make a change in the family. He's tried to talk to her but she handles things the way our mom does- she shuts down and ignores the problem. How the fuck am I supposed to deal with this? I've always been the brutally honest person in the family, but I'm not sure how to go about handling this, especially from so far away. I don't want to threaten anything because my mom is a prominent member in the school system, which is probably why school counselors haven't been utilized. I'm considering calling my grandpa (mom's dad) because he is the only other voice of reason in the family and he will also be blunt with my mom and if he knew my sister had said these things, he'd be appalled and rip my mom a new asshole.
I've considered offering my sister the chance to come live here next summer, over 800 miles away, with me and my family to help her, which I know my parents would never in a million years agree to (if not because they would see her come back changed and be forced to realize there IS a problem). I would be willing to pay for plane tickets or drive the 14 hours there to pick her up, I just don't want her to spend a summer here, bettering herself , just to go back home and have them enable her to fall back into a shithole of a life. I need sound advice, like yesterday.
TL;DR- Morbidly obese little sister in morbidly obese family is possibly suicidal and stuck in a family with parents in denial who are doing more harm than good. Brother found journal entries saying "I wish I was already dead", "I want to kill myself", "I fucking hate my life", and "I hate everyone". Have been told I'm the only family member who can make a change because I live out of state and am not reliant on parents.