Im not that close yet but I think that I will be in the next few daysSorry for any english mistakes. I'm not a native speaker. I'm turning 30 next month. I'm still studying for my BA because of trauma my ex boyfriend caused me.. I didn't write all the exams I should have during times when he was really taking all the energy and life out of me in the mid 2010s. So I'm still not done studying until next spring. I have an online job. I only have online friends left. My last IRL friend I had (for 8 years) completely fucked me over this spring by blocking/deleting me everywhere with only a vague explanation about how our friendship has become toxic. This was someone I would have done everything in the world for. We had disagreements last year but I would have looked past everything. She left me completely out of the blue. I have no one left and my online friends are mostly customers too so I can't be completely open with them about everything. My mom doesn't like me as much as she should I'm pretty sure. She can't listen to me when I get really bad like this. When I'm crying a lot or I point out I have a hard time living. I still live with her because she doesn't know about my (legal) online job so I can't move out because she doesn't know I have any money. I'm trapped. I want to have a life again on the one hand but I feel like now that I'm so old already and have had so much really bad shit happen to me already I might as well stop trying. Peoples best time is in their 20s and mine were filled with a lot of pain and losing people (my abusive ex and my former best friend) that I used to think would always be there.

I took a long time to start healing from my ex but the thing this year with my friend is too much I think. I have no one to talk to or rely on anymore and I feel so old. I'm good at school and I have an idea what job I want to do but I'm still not done and as far as the future is concerned all I think about is people asking me why I took so long to get my BA. It seems easier to give up hope. I'm about to be 30 and I gave life a try in my 20s and all this happened.

There's a river in my city I want to just walk into and see what happens. I want to take any action, some kind of action, my brain keeps screaming at me to finally do something take some kind of action to stop feeling like THIS, so hopeless and like there's no point anymore. I want a life where I have a family who loves me, a new boyfriend again, maybe children someday and a nice job, but I'm so old and have none of that . And there are many places that will tell you if you don't have a boyfriend at 30 it's over for you as a woman.

More than anything I can't get over losing my friend. She was a constant in my life.