rantThe first time in my life that I experienced a serious depressive episode was when I was 18 years old. I stopped eating, lost an unhealthy amount of weight, and developed a very mild substance abuse problem. After about 6 months of this, one day when I was probably stoned I had an epiphany and realised life is too short to not be enjoying it to the fullest. And like that, I shifted my mindset. I cultivated friendships, started exercising, took up new hobbies, and focused on maintaining a positive mental attitude. 

But obviously if the story ended there, I wouldn't be crying my heart out to strangers on the internet. 

These depressive episodes have continued to come and go since then. Most are triggered by a break-up, but some have occurred outside of that as well. In addition to being lonely and rejected, I feel like I've always fallen behind the curve in my professional life. I've never been tested, but I wouldn't be surprise if I am on the spectrum. Finding meaningful employment was always a struggle in my 20s, and I attribute a lot of this due to my inability to network. I was a very average college student, I did okay and graduated with a good internship under my belt, but it led to nothing. 

At age 30, after a series of meh jobs and another break-up, I decided to do something crazy and I enlisted in the military. I am still currently in and I can't decide if it was the best or worst decision I have ever made. But one thing for certain is that I am fucking miserable. 

On one hand, I have acquired skills in a career field that can lead to gainful employment and a much higher income when I get out. On the other hand, because of my age, my introversion, the possibility of me being on the spectrum, and quite frankly my race, I am treated like a piece of garbage at work. I have anxiety attacks in the morning driving in because I hate the people I work with due to how I am treated.

My relationship had been strained for some time lately, I don't know why but I've patiently been trying to make it work. Today it finally fell apart. Single, rejected, no friends, and bullied at work.

So I have hobbies. I exercise regularly, whether I want to or not. That's the usual advice, right? Hit the gym. Put yourself out there. Well, I have followed this advice after every episode over the years, and it still hasn't worked. 

I first had suicidal thoughts at 18. Currently I am in my mid 30's. Clearly it's not a temporary problem. And as I am re-reading the post, I realise that I barely touch on the fact that I was broken up with today. That is what prompted this, so I probably should have said more about it. I don't know. I am drunk. And I guess I don't have the words at the moment to touch on how profound of a relationship this was. I truly love this person. 

Anyway, why not end it? I've been looking for excused to end it for 15 years now, but at least then I was younger and had a future to look forward to. Now? I'm over the hill. I hate where I am at in life. And I'm pretty sure it's too late to catch up.