end all this bullshit26 year old loser.

too many video games, fat and chubby.

mean to girls who liked me, blew up all my relationships in high school and college, now fat and lonely and still virgin.

screwed around in "real" college, flunked out, had to finish at crappy online school. lots of student debt for a shitty degree

took two years to find a job, found job but student loans are so high i have to live at home.

got type 2 diabetes, on stupid insulin now.

was lonely, made up an online persona and catfished this really awesome girl for a year. she thought I was this ripped, handsome, successful guy. we spent a lot of time on the phone and texting. i really fell in love with her and she with the person I presented myself as. finally came clean to her because she desperately wanted to meet in real life and was starting to think this guy was just jerking her around and didn't care about her. She was pissed and asked me never to talk to her again. I don't blame her, I let her go and haven't bothered her since.

decided to get serious about my life, made a plan to get down to a healthy weight, cardio every day and weight lifting 3 days a week. Was going to work on getting my financial shit together so I can move out by the time I'm feeling skinny and muscular. going okay I guess, losing a little bit and arms are getting bigger but it's been a month and I'm sick of being fat, alone and living with my parents.

i want to grow up and start my life and I don't think I ever will. I'm upset that I lied and hurt somebody I really cared about, even if she didn't care about me.

Sometimes I dial up my insulin injection pens to what would be a lethal amount. Enough to put me into a hypoglycemic coma and make me brain dead in a few hours. I know it will work becuase when hosptial nurses commit sucidie it's often by insulin (Google it if you don't believe me). Sometimes I take this lethal dose of insulin and press the needle into my skin and try to press it. I imagine passing out and all my problems and this shitty fucking life going away foreever. i fucked up everything in my life. nothing turns out like I wanted it. I hate my life and i hate living it. my depression really upsets my mom, I'm an only child and she loves me so much. I hate that I let the love of my life fall in love with a lie and she was hurt so bad. I'm a piece of shit - an internet punchline and one of these days I'm going to shoot 300 units of insulin into my body and end all this bullshit.