It would all go away if I get it done with it.I wanted to kill myself with the belt last night and failed. I tried sliting my wrist. Failed. I even wanted to take motrin and vitamin pills but I didnt even have the guts to open up the capsule.

I'm 23(already feel so old), been through a lot of bs/failure already, broke, unemployed for 6 months/still searching for a job/trying to learn new skills to make myself better in the marketplace/I help around the house but nothing seems to pan out every day, still in school, $400 in debt ,my dad is on my back and I get so much bs from him, it's unbearable. My mom doesn't help either as she reminds me of my constant failures and underachieving every single day. We had a big argument last night which I don't want to get into which I cussed him for the first time I can ever remember. I blew up and he blew up also but it's really the first time after having kept my rage bottled up. 2 days ago, I also felt like calling it quits on my life. I overheard my dad talking about I'm a bum and my mom confirming it.

To top things off, I'm the oldest of three and I don't want to show off that I'm feeling a certain type of way. It makes it "look bad" in front of the family and I don't want to do that. Better to be stoic and show no emotion then.

This shit is unbearable. I don't even feel like getting out of the basement right now. I just can't deal with it anymore. I hate where I live, I haven't taken a vacation in 7 years and I don't know when I'll get out of this mess. To top it all off, I live in a hyper competitive metro area so there's all of this damn pressure.

I just want the uncertainty to end. The only way will be to kill myself. There really is no other solution. I tried taking walks. It doesn't work. I've tried positive thinking. Doesn't work. Music sometimes help but meh. 

I like to think I have friends but I haven't been in contact with them for god knows how long and the one friend I did have, doesn't want anything to do with me anymore. (2 years ago).
I've never told them and they probably wouldn't understand if I told them. 
Plus I have a lot of grudges I hold against certain people from the past.

Right now, I'm on the east coast with the snow and I might have to go and shovel all of this snow out. So there goes even trying to staying in the basement all day.

And I don't plan on telling my parents I'm feeling suicidal or depressed (I don't even know if I'm that/i'm probably just a moody fuck or just not strong enough or being a whiny little bitch). I've taken quizzes on psychcentral but I don't know. I never have and probably never will unless they find out im in a pretty shitty state of mind. It's not worth it. I also overheard them talking about me making a mistake on some form which was super important.

Ever since  that argument with my dad, I haven't eaten, drank water for almost 14 hours as of now and my heart's beating like crazy. Maybe I could go out that way? (who knows??) My social anxiety doesn't help with this either.

I just want it to end. I'm tired. I'm a fucking failure in my own eyes and my family's and my so called friends probably don't want anything to do with me or be asssocited with me thus making me distruting of so many relationships in the past 5 years.

I'm a loner by choice and probably will continue to be. I just wish I had someone where I could with face to face about my problems and my depression I may or may not have.

I don't know what to do if they show up knocking on my basement door. I just wish it wouldnt.

Spring break started and I'm thinking about all of my peers taking vacations to fucking cancun, miami, la, etc and here I am wallowing in self pity getting homework and business done. fuck this.

I just want to end it all. I'd probably be happier in my afterlife. Fuck this shit. I'm done! I'll probably figure out a better way tonight. 