Feeling horrible about former political views.

Before I start, I’d like to say I’m not making excuses, just a combination of trauma and me being prone to extreme views was the perfect storm for some crazy stuff. This post mentions sexual assault, suicide, self harm and sexism. Before I start I’d like to say I’m a woman, it’s relevant later. So, I was sexually abused as a child and didn’t even know how bad it was but I realized how bad it was when I was a teenager, as a child I didn’t even understand what was happening. I’m not going to say what happened because some sadist will probably enjoy reading it and also you don’t really want to know anyway. The person that abused me was an older woman who was a family friend, it was some pretty humiliating stuff but I wasn’t too physically harmed but the trauma messed me up. I was later diagnosed with CPTSD. Basically, I adopted the view that all women were sadistic creeps. Since I’m a woman I hated myself to the point of wanting to die but I thought I deserved to suffer so I self harmed a lot to punish myself. To make it worse, I’m pretty much the stereotypical feminine person, both physically and emotionally. I’m not transgender but I tried wrapping bandages around my chest to look like a guy but it was uncomfortable and I just looked like a girl with a slightly flat chest. I brainwashed my little brother into becoming some crazed incel, that obviously turned him against me. I let myself be in an abusive relation in which I was slapped and degraded to the point of tears. You’re probably thinking, this girl is into some kinky stuff but I’m not, I just thought I deserved it. I hate myself for being like that. I ended up spending time in a psych ward, I still managed to self harm but I won’t say how because, to be frank, it’s disturbing and I don’t want to give anyone any ideas. I tried hanging out with other sexist creeps but since I’m a woman that obviously didn’t work, so I basically pretended to be a guy online and validated all the hateful stuff those creeps believed. To be honest, I’m probably going to be on SSRIs for my entire life and sometimes take Klonopin but I now realize how wrong I was. I was so hurt and humiliated that it kind of drove me into madness. I guess the moral of the story is that people can change. I’m trying to undo the damaged relationship with my little brother. Me being abused didn’t come out until later because I didn’t have a good relationship with my mother and I was uncomfortable telling my father about it and stuff. I’m not making excuses, I was wrong, and I feel so bad about it, but I’ve changed and accepted that it wasn’t my fault, I was an innocent kid. I just wanted to get that off my chest. Also, I’m not begging for sympathy I just wanted to tell some people.