Trying to find another reason to liveHello everyone.  

I want to start off by complimenting all the angels who troll this forum, spewing support and advice all over the place like a cat that ate too much Fancy Feast™.  I also want to say, to any who have been crying into their cheerios so often they don't bother using milk anymore, that there is always hope.

There are two kinds of suicidal people, far as I can tell: those who became suicidal because they feel sad, and those who feel sad because they became suicidal.  I am the latter.

I have been betrayed in horrible ways by those closest to me all my life.  Family, friends, girlfriends, etc.  Ways so heinous, so undeniably evil, that I cut them off with an ultimate quickness and found new friends/girlfriends, etc (obviously not family).  Then it happened again, in a different way.  Cut 'em off, move on, new friends, lather, rinse, repeat.  

Basically, my mother is the only person I care about and I don't want to hurt her with my suicide.  But I am SO tired of living.  My job is not exactly legal, but I am DAMN good at it.  I have spent the last 11 years building an empire that has supported me, paid my rent, even sent me back to school.  I have met thousands of people from all different walks of life, took walks on the wild side, dabbled on the dark side, traveled, changed lives, talked people out of suicide, helped people in need, had relationships with dozens upon dozens of beautiful and wonderful women, been in car chases, had near-death experiences, learned new languages, taken down heroin dealers, founded a gang, built a flamethrower, and many, many other crazy awesome things; long story short I've lived more in my 30 years on this planet than most people get to all their lives.  And for all this, no criminal record. No joke.

I threw away society and legality when I got screwed over by "good" people ("legal" does not mean "moral").  I decided if the world was going to screw me over, I was going to become a monster.  And I did.  I became one of the most infamous and feared dealers in my neck of the woods.  With the fear and money came respect and power.  Because I didn't go down this path till after high school and a bit of college, I was a highly-educated, strategic, business-oriented, healthy (never did drugs, didn't smoke weed till I was 23) martial artist.  It was easy to rip the market out of the hands of the ones who used to be in charge.  Don't worry, I'm the good kind of darksider; I never hurt anyone I didn't have to unless to defend myself or my property.

Well, here's the problem.  I spent so long in the game that it's not only what I'm best at, but it's all anyone will trust me to do.

I tried to finish college, but after wasting tens of thousands of dollars and changing my degree literally five times (Computer Science -&gt; Business admin -&gt; music theory -&gt; Business Law -&gt; Chemical engineering), I got sick of paying to jump through hoops just to prove I could to a bunch of clucks and then ultimately finding myself disinterested, so I just stuck with my incredibly lucrative activities.  Well, part of staying out of trouble is having a day job, and I finally got a company to offer me an engineering job without having a degree, but the insurance company made it far too expensive to ensure the work I'd be doing (even though all those assholes at the company walked into their jobs without a degree straight out of high school and the head of engineering wanted to hire me).

Around this time, I contracted HIV.  Suddenly, even those I had remained friends with for 20+ years decided I wasn't worth anything anymore and betrayed me in various ways and started treating me like a leper.  Of course, going to war with me was stupid and they essentially exiled themselves from our town when they decided to make me their enemy.  But nonetheless, lost all my friends again because people are shit.

Dating isn't so easy anymore.  People sabotage my relationships with their ignorance (I am undetectable and cannot spread the disease), as if I would give some poor gal a death sentence just so I could sleep with her.  I had even found someone, and 4 months in, when we were thinking about telling her family about my diagnosis (Yes, of course she knew, I *told* her before we slept together, as with every partner), my best friend in the world went and told my girlfriend's family before we had a chance to, saying things like "She will DIE".  It caused so much stress and tension between us it ruined our relationship because the family wanted me gone all of a sudden. My friend even did it to me again 9 months later, keeping tabs on me so he could sabotage whatever he felt like.  Why did he or any of my other "friends" decide this was ok to do? I have NO F*CKING CLUE.  He also is exiled, though, so if he's reading this I just wanna say good job, moron, I better never see you again.

My family was destroyed as well (not by my diagnosis, something completely different), hence why it's just my mother and I.

So, college isn't for me.  Apparently the American workforce isn't for me either.  Family?  Nope, don't get one.  Love, (my goal in life) isn't for me either (I've already fallen in love twice, doubt it will happen again anyway).  

Basically all I do now is run the remnants of my empire, play video games, drink, and waste away.  

I'm tired.  I'm tired of trusting people just to get screwed, I'm tired of having to defend myself from rumormongers and false friends, I'm tired of everything.  All the things I cared about or wanted I cannot have.  The things in this life that made it seem worthwhile are no longer feasible, and every day I get a little older and further away from my prime.  I'm not even sure I'm capable of falling in love anymore, or trusting another human being.  If I don't continue down my "career path" (hahaha) then my last 11 years of experience in the game are for naught and I have to start over at entry-level doing some bullshit job for the man, or try school AGAIN.  But blah blah blah, the candle that burns twice as bright, whatever.  I've lived PLENTY of life.  TONS of life.  I might even have an admirer or two out of the people that have read my little novel here.

I'm not here for anyone's "all life is sacred" garbage rhetoric (it's not, good luck dealing with overpopulation with that logic, btw), I'm not here for a phone number to your best psychiatrist, or to get your sister's email address because "you swear she's a sweet gal and we'd get along".  I view life as such: "There is no good, there is no bad, things just are."

I'm here because if I disappear (jail, murder, suicide, doesn't matter), my mother would be devastated.  

She has tried so hard to create a life for us and to be as much of a family to me as she can.  She did everything she could to help me get healthy again, she held my hand growing up, she is EVERYTHING someone could have asked for in a mother.  She does hundreds of things for me, both small and big.  She is my LAST reason to live.  When I first decided I was going into a line of work that could take my life or imprison me, I made a promise to protect her son (me) at ALL costs, and have gone to great lengths to ensure my survival no matter what dangers I might come across, and even greater lengths to make sure I don't get locked up, either.  

But now it's getting hard to keep my promise.  Life is so BORING now.  Everyday is a reminder of what garbage most people are.  I don't think it's in my future to get married.  I am too late to change my career.  I'll ice myself after she passes away, but until then I need to be strong and find another reason to live.  She's no idiot, she knows about my job, my diagnosis, my belief that the rest of my life is hardly worth the time compared to my last thirty years, etc.  But, I don't want her to spend the rest of her life with what I can only imagine would be an unbearable pain that her son feels this way.

Please.  I need to find another reason to live.  So that I can at least appear happy, because these days that's nearly impossible for me.  Help me do this for her.

Anyway.... thanks for reading, I know it was a lot.  And I hope, in some weird way, the responses here, or even my story, help those of you out there who have absolutely *no* business contemplating suicide.

With love,
Your friendly neighborhood Dingo