It's Getting Really Bad AgainSo, I wrote something here a while ago, but I just felt like an idiot. Yet here I am again.
I'm just going to be blunt, that seems easiest. This is the closest I've been to choosing to kill myself in a long time. I've been on and off suicidal since I was 10, a whole decade of wishing I wasn't alive. I got this far because people keep telling me that it's selfish to want to die. Lately I've been thinking it's selfish to ask someone to tolerate unrelenting pain so that they don't have to feel a normal and temporary sadness. Maybe that's wrong.
My parents were divorced most of my life. My mom mistreated me so I moved to my dad's. He was an alcoholic. He and later his girlfriend, and my brother at his command, would insult and hurt me on a regular basis. This went on for 5 or 6 years. Went back to mom's, situation was hardly better. Had a boyfriend who took advantage of my warped perceptions, almost raped me. Had another boyfriend, another abusive relationship.
But that's in the past, so supposedly I'm not allowed to be bothered by it.
Now I'm in college, 6 hours away from home, almost have my degree and I want to kill myself. I have few friends and the ones I have think I don't consider them as friends. I quit therapy, it made me feel worse each time. I can no longer sleep and when I do I just have nightmares all night. My roommate abruptly moved out and I'm sure it's because she hated me.
What led me to the breaking point today: I spent 55$ tht I don't have on a program I needed for class to find out it won't work on my computer. I also realized I lost my purse at some point.
Such stupid things and yet they pushed me to this point. Yesterday it was because I couldn't get a small assignment perfect. I can't seem to get through a single day without utterly breaking down.
Through all of this, I am absolutely alone. There's no one I trust to open up to mostly because there's no one who wants to listen. 
Right now I'm looking forward to graduating in a year and fighting homelessness as I try to live in a high price city, find a job, and live with no support from anyone. This is given that I don't have to drop out due to financial trouble and that I become mentally healthy and don't lose the ability to discern reality. Both very unlikely.
I just don't see the point in continuing when everything is so painful.
I probably sound like an idiot, but I am one, so I guess that's okay.