I can't think of anyway to fix myselfJust kind of venting, but I can't expel my suicidal thoughts because I feel that the only people that love me or will love me is my mom and dad.
If it wasn't for this thought I'm sure I'd have done it by now.

The reasoning behind my thoughts is I can't seem to figure out if someone likes me or is simply tolerating me.  At my work in particular currently, I hear how they talk about plenty of other employees and can't shake the feeling that they are doing the same for me, but worse because of my plentiful flaws.  I don't think I've felt happy since I was in 8th grade, when I found out I was just a joke to many I thought of as friends.
This same feeling has followed me ever since, I'm 19 now.  I used to have no problem in social situations before 8th grade and would make people laugh easily, and could converse well with others.
Now I can't hold small talk conversations and because I seem unfriendly people don't get to know me well enough to get to the real conversations that I am actually good for.
I just lost all self confidence after 8th grade, and I don't smile because I'm very self conscious of my teeth, so I don't smile.They're just really yellow and even with in office bleach treatments won't change.  Also I'm fat, but this is secondary to my teeth because I can take jokes about this, and it doesn't really prevent me from socializing even one hundredth as much as my inability to smile.  

The reason my co-workers doing this has cut me so deep is that I truly thought I had found some friends.  I know that they are going to talk about my teeth, but it goes beyond that because I tend to say some stupid shit and I worry that they feel me to be very stupid because of this.  Sometimes I just don't think before I speak, other times I think too much and over complicate my simple statement to where it comes out like an over complicated, over informed speech.  I just can't deal with the constant thoughts that I am nothing but a joke to them behind my back, but they tolerate me to my face.  I thought that we were becoming friends, but the more I think about it and work there, the more I feel that they just placate me.  I notice that I am excluded from texts and other messages/facebook friends when everyone else is getting them.


Growing up I was told how no one would ever love me often by my older sister, and I believed it untrue till 8th grade.  Now I see the reality that it's a possibility, and it makes me want to end it all.