Need GuidanceSo, a little back story...

I'm currently 23 and I've been dating a girl for about 3 years. I moved in with her part time for a while until we finally got a place together. She's 41... I know I know... I met her at a bar a while ago and didn't know the age difference but I've gotten to know her and we clicked pretty well. We were always having fun and getting it on.

Fast forward to know, over the years things have gotten progressively worse. We can no longer talk at all, everything I say makes her mad or I say the wrong things. She has a son that lives with us that is 18 and still in high school. My girlfriend dropped out of high school and isn't all that smart, so I end up helping her son with school and talk to him about issues. Lately I feel like I've become the parent when I shouldn't be... I'm only 23 for gods sake.

Well my girlfriend and I have gotten in some pretty bad fights over the past year and she called the cops on me twice (third time tonight) even though I never did anything to her. I never touched her, I'd never do anything to a woman. The cops would come, tell her that they aren't counselors then they leave.

Tonight I broke up with her and told her she needs to leave in a month. She told me she's not going anywhere and will do whatever she wants. I told her to leave tonight and she called the cops. Cops came and said I can't tell her to leave, she's lived here for over a month so she's a resident and has to be kicked out by the courts even though she's not even on the lease.

I don't want to get into work issues but basically, I have way too much on my plate and the pressure is killing me. So I deal with that all day at work, come home and feel helpless. 

I sat in my room pathetically crying to myself about how helpless I am and contemplated killing myself. I texted my girlfriend "You can stay as long as you want. Sorry for everything. You won't see me much longer" as my suicide note to her and she told me to lose her number.

I don't think I'll really do it, and really just typing this all out makes me feel a little better. I just want someone to talk to really