I need helpThis might seem petty in the eyes of you guys, I know others have suffered more, but still I'm considering suicide. I am 19, and i feel my whole life is meaningless.
I am considered an above average looking guy, i have many friends, but i cannot find myself anybody who loves me back. With every girl, i either screwed up my chances, or get told that they only want me as a friend. I try to change myself for the better, but i feel like I'm a lost cause. I'm 19 and i have never been in a relationship and I feel like nobody wants me. I had one night stands before but there's a void inside me left by my previous attempts to find someone who loves me back, but i fall flat on my face. If i get close to a girl, i start to panic and mess up the whole thing. I fell in love many times, i fell on my face. My first love told me how good a friend i am , then the next day, she got together with my best friend. I'm good looking, i just don't possess the skills to get a girl, i am boring. This went on for years, but now i'm sick of it. All of my friends are in happy relationships, i'm jealous of all of them, while i'm still suffering by the loneliness i live with. I'm at that point in my life where i should get my stuff together, because my exams are close (similar to GCSEs) and i need to study because my future life depends on it, but i just can't. I'm worn out and i'm losing motivation, because i don't think i will be able to get in the university i want to go to.  I want to be a psychologist to help others, like me, but first i should get my shit together. I doubt if i can. I'm losing hope to live a normal life. I get no help from my family, my mother doesn't know about how i feel right now, but i'm afraid to let her know as i don't like her because how she treats me. I got little to no support from her, just criticism on every move i make. I basically grow up without my father, as he was working abroad, but now i'm not on the best terms with him either, he's a shitty human being. The pressure of my exams literally kill me, and my inability to find love makes me feel that all my dreams will crumble.  At this point i have no other goals in my life just to find someone who loves me but i seriously doubt if i ever will. I have incredibly high standards, that i tried to lower, but i couldn't. As I said I am quite good-looking i think a need a girl equally pretty, so i can't settle with anyone lower than me, (I know I'm a narcissistic piece of shit) but i can't get anyone who's fit to me, according to my standards, but i can't get anyone who is "right for me" as my confidence i highly unstable. Sometimes i'm confident, and sometimes i lose all of my confidence. I also have serious mood swings. I feel like i'm destined to be alone, and this feeling tears me apart. I'm slowly starting to lose interest in everything i have been interested in before, i am a hollow shell of what i had been before. I feel the only thing left for me in life is to hang myself or cut my wrists, i don't know what to do.
Please Reddit help me!