The universe doesn't care, why should I?The universe is an unfeeling, and indifferent place. Tomorrow I could get hit by a car and die, I could have a heart attack, I could kill myself, I could maybe live another 50 years, 80 tops. 

No matter what I say, no matter what I do, no matter what I think, I will die.

No matter what I do, it won't matter; if I take my life, some people might hurt for a while, some will eventually hate me or become indifferent to me, but it doesn't matter, I am dead, and they will be too, shortly. Maybe they'll survive 50 year, maybe they will die tomorrow, but they will all die.

People avoid me because I am too much of a burden. My ex-wife divorced me because I was too much of a burden. Even when I try therapy, people find that I am a burden.

Everyone at school hated me growing up; at work, people only tolerate me because of my technical expertise.

My grand father, who is also my namesake, died because he believed he could walk on water while he was still a young adult.

Maybe he understood it all, maybe he understood that life is meaningless and to take one's own life makes no difference. Or maybe he truly believed he could walk on water; maybe he was just mentally ill because some of the molecules in his body were in the wrong place. I don't know, I'll never know because he is gone. He no longer exists and remains but a weak memory in my father's mind and in my grandmother's mind. But those memories will be gone soon as death will come for them, as death will come for me.

What's the point of even trying to live if everything I do will not matter and will be forgotten ? At any moment, a blood vessel killing me in minutes, I could drown trying to walk on water, I commit suicide because the wrong amount of serotonine and dopamine was produced in my head, I could get in a fatal car accident because 1/100th of a second I was not paying attention and I lose control of my vehicule, I could walk and get hit by a car, I could die of any number of diseases that exist. I could die because any one of the billions of cells in my body suddenly decides to replicate itself out of control. There could be a misfolded protein floating in my blood that could reach the wrong part of my brain tomorrow morning and I could be dead within weeks. There is an infinite number of ways for me to die, and no way for me to live. Any attempt at living will only prolong my inevitable death.

And when I die, and no matter how I die, people will be temporarily inconvenienced for a short time before they too eventually die, and I'll be lost forever just a statistic on a graph that will be lost in 100 years.

Friends, psychologists, psychiatrists, doctors, family, suicide hotlines, they all pretend that things can get better, that I can live. But I can't live, death is coming. And it may be lurking around the next corner, or it might be down the street, it might be growing inside of me and I don't even know.

So why should I actively work to prolong a meaningless life on a meaningless rock floating in a meaningless galaxy ? Why should I try and live another 30-80 years if I will eventually die anyways ?

I've tried making friends, talking to family ( I feel more and more of a burden to them ), I've spoken with counsellors, psychologists, psychiatrists, suicide hotlines, therapy groups, but they can't help, they pretend that there is meaning where there is none, they pretend there is worth when there is none.

They say that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. They are right, life is temporary and death is permanent. But I will die, that is certain.

But most of all, somehow they think that it is my choice that the universe is indifferent and meaningless. They think I can chose whether my life has meaning or not, but there is only one choice: do I go out on my terms or do I live in fear that when death comes it will be slow and painful ?
















