my mind is in terrible shape and i need helpno one would read this but i just want to share the reasons i am like this. i cant talk to anyone about my life. they keep saying they understand or something, but i am utterly speechless. 

i lived a fairly normal life until i was about 7 years old when my parents decided to split up. my mom took custody of us but she left me and my older sister to fend for ourselves when she fell in love with another man in another country. 

had to lived in the slums when nothing but violence, poverty, fighting, and constant reminder that you are in a shitty place.

at age 10-12, we never really had proper meals daily. we never had a source of income because we are both minors. we do not have anyone with because we are the outcasts of both sides of the family. no one helped us but ourselves because we need to survive. i was fond of studying nevertheless so despite of having nothing at all, i learned a lot and read a lot of books. i think this is the only thing i can do right in this life. my life was not so great though. i started cutting myself but putting up a smile to my sister and her newborn child. she was pregnant at 16 and i have to suck it all up and be strong for everyone.

around 13, i started being shit and dated someone. i got raped. i did not tell anyone. they will blame me and i am scared. i was dumb thinking it will alleviate the pain, it just continued to grow ever worse.

depressed. i was so depressed.

at 14-15 years old, i had episodes of depression and was spiraling out of control. i was selling drugs to survive and was being abused by my teacher. i told no one, even my sister. i just told her i got it from side jobs. it never was. i had no heart to tell. it felt like something i needed to do. bury the emotion and just fucking survive. i kept telling that to myself.

at age 16, i slashed my arms. i can't feel anything. i just wanted to die. but i survived. i thought i'll die but i didn't. it was rather disappointing. at this point, i have no sight of any reason that makes it worthy enough to warrant myself another chance in life.

at age 17, i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and signs of paranoia and obsessive compulsive disorder. had terrible mood swings, so bad that i can be happy then planning my own death few mins lager. i was taking medicine to survive. everyday, i am hunted by my past but all i did is drink medicines and fake a smile. (but yes, up until now i still have my mood stabilizers with me)

at age 18, raped yet again but someone i trusted. i did not tell anybody. instead, i overdosed sleeping pills at school. i had enough. i am done. three days later,  i woke up. the feeling was peaceful when i was unconscious, i actually long for it at times. but yeah, sadly i am awake and i had to drop out of school. my school sees me as a threat to the society. bipolar people KILLS people. that stuck with me for a long time.

even at suicide, i am a big failure.

i kept drinking, smoking heavily, just looking at the ceiling, and wondering when will this end. i was never really the best. i think i was a shut out and never talked to anyone. i live alone and i genuinely just slowly killing myself.

i am now 21, from the outside i look happy and living quite nicely. i stopped selling drugs, started college, consistent high marks. from the outside, i look like i achieved it all. but deep inside, i fucking want to rest my mind. it just won't stop.

i cant look at myself. i refused to be photographed. i feel so violated. i feel hollow and it sucks because nobody knows. i dont want anyone to know. i dont want to wake up from nightmares. i dont want to just cry on my own and i cannot explain anyone why. i am living everyday in the horrors of my mind and my past.

i cannot just forget about it when it feels like the marks is all over me.
i am nothing but dirty. no one would love someone like this, wholly. 
i got rejected by my own parents, the very people that should have accepted me. nobody wants to befriend me because i am so weird and angst. it feels like a person like me is out of place and i got no choice but to be a fake.

i am tired. i really cant love myself. it is hard. and i am trying but i am sorry if i am failing miserably. my own body and my own name haunts me and it sucks i cannot get away from my own identity and what makes me "me."

help me. help me. help me... 
am i really worthy?