I feel like I only keep myself alive in order to avoid people being upsetA not-so quick backstory.

I didn't have the most wonderful childhood. People have had much worse, but mine wasn't desirable. My father was an alcoholic, and my mother enabled his shitty behavior. I should say that I love my mother very much, but I have an incredibly hard time actually forming any kind of emotional relationship to my father. He's done things such as verbally and physically abuse us when drunk when we were children, and went to far as to tell me that "he brought me into this world, and he can take me out" when I was about 10. It goes without saying that no dad should say this to their children. The thing that sucks the most is that my dad is actually a decent person to the people he meets when he's sober. He never really made an attempt to form any kind of mental father/son relationship with us, though. His idea of being a father was buying your child a bunch of toys, and keeping them locked up in the house because you and your significant other are too lazy to actually be active in their lives.

My mother is great, but everyone has their flaws or issues. Her issue is the enabling of my father's behavior. When we were kids, there was multiple occasions where she threatened to leave if he didn't get his act together. This was mostly a bluff, however. My mom has this belief that divorce isn't right and would never split up with my dad. So, to give you a brief summary of the day after my father came home drunk as fuck, he would sit me down on the couch, say how much he loves me, my siblings, and my mother, and most likely come back drunk a week or so later. It never changed until I was about 14, when I was able to physically defend myself against my own dad. I luckily never had to do that, but a part of me thought about what would have happened if he did come back drunk at this point in time, now that I'm 21 and relatively physically fit.
So, you may think that just because his alcoholism ended when I was in my teenage years, that my relationship with my father was great and I was happy to be around him. See, that's not the case and let me say why.

My father's idea of being a parent was buying his children toys, videogames, etc, and hoping that was enough to form some kind of emotional relationship with his own kids. Obviously there's more to being a parent than getting yourself in debt from buying your kids a bunch of unnecessary time wasters. My parents were very lazy when it came to actually being involved in what my siblings and I did as children. Anytime I would want to visit my friend's house to hang out and socialize, they wouldn't feel like driving me to their house, regardless of how far, even if it was a 5-minute drive. Because of this, I was quite the hermit when I was younger. I had a strong desire to socialize with other kids my age, but all I COULD do was sit on my ass and play videogames all the time. That was the only way I could have any kind of fun. I'm sometimes incredibly jealous of the lives that other children had, being able to see their friends so often and actually having decent social skills. I was a social recluse involuntarily; what I mean by this is my lack of socializing when I was younger caused me to be incredibly socially awkward when I grew older, especially in middle school and early high school. It was incredibly easy to make fun of me, given the way I looked, acted, and behaved. Needless to say, I felt incredibly left out for a majority of my early childhood and early high school years. It wasn't until my junior year that I managed to get more involved and make friends who I value so god damn much. There are still issues that I face with socializing right now, though. I partially attribute that to my father. It doesn't help that he also stole about a grand total off of me to buy opiates earlier this year. So I have absolutely no desire to form any kind of relationship with my dad, regardless of how bad my aunt and mom try to make me feel for being so cold to him.

I had to stop going to a university because I had no idea what the fuck I wanted to do as a career. I'm in IT right now, but I just go to community to save money because that's not something I have right now. I also had to work full time since I moved in with my aunt, and I have to pay her money for rent, buy my own groceries, pay for car insurance, etc. It's a stressful situation, and any time I talk to someone about it, I get the response that "that's what being an adult is like!" but most adults don't move out on their own until they actually graduate and have a decent-paying job. My job only pays 10 an hour with a 40-hour work week. I can't move out into my own apartment with just that, because I would have to add more hours onto my work week and I cannot do that with me being in school.

Because of all of this going on, I don't have any time or money to go out and meet new people. I don't really know HOW to also. At community college, nobody really wants to make any friends there. They just want to graduate and move on to a 4 year. But I don't have that option right now. I need the necessary credits to move on, but that might not happen for another year or so. The one thing that happened recently that's been really getting to me was my most recent breakup. I thought the relationship I had with this girl was great; we clicked incredibly well, and we both had similar senses of humor. However, she didn't feel the same way, and that kills me. You see, I've never had a relationship that's lasted more than 2 months. This one was a month and a half, and it was the only one that truly did make me happy. The one detail that really fucks with me is the fact that every single relationship I've had with a woman ends up in them going to another man within a month of breaking up with me, including this one. I've developed an inferiority complex over this, and I can't stand how jealous and angry I get because of it. Not only did this girl make me happy, but she made me feel like I actually mattered. I guess not. She also had me hanging out with her and her friends pretty often, and that was the closest thing I've felt to actually being part of a functioning family. But that got taken away from me, just like most things that make me happy. She and I aren't on speaking terms, of course. I was never mean or rude to her, but I was hurt, so I became overly emotional and ended up pushing her away. There goes another thing that actually made me happy with my life. The friends I made while being with her are now uncomfortable with talking to me, for understandable reasons. I can't go to any events that they have, especially if she's there. I feel left out and alone, even more so than when I was a child.

I guess this post was just me explaining why I don't want to live anymore, but I force myself to because I don't want to upset anyone if I died. I don't enjoy being alive, though. I've attempted to get into photography as a hobby, and while it does help a little bit, I still feel like I'm being mentally tortured every single day I get out of bed. People would be upset with my death, but at the same time, I just feel like I'm being kept alive to avoid upsetting them. I just want to feel appreciated and welcomed by friends and family.