I’m committing suicide tonight.I’m a 15 year old girl. I’m in so much pain that writing it down wouldn’t be able to express it fully. I don’t really have anybody that loves me, I don’t have any friends or family.

I’m so disgusted in my body, in myself and in my personality. I have Aspergers so it makes it really hard to make friends and I feel so lonely all the time. I don’t want anybody to leave me. I just want to be happy, I just want to be a normal person but I can never be. I almost spend three hours a day showering and I wash my hands almost 30-40 times a day. It hurts so much. Last night I woke up screaming and crying from a nightmare and more than anything did I just wanted someone to come next to me and to tell me that it would be okay but it never came.

I feel so broken inside. My grandfather recently died in a fire and my whole family has been a mess. I’d take anyone for a friend. I just need them to hug me because the loneliness inside me is killing me. I can barely ever concentrate let alone study which I should have been doing all this week for my exams but instead I have just been an emotional wreck.

I’m always so scared of people and my life feels like it is riddled with anxiety. I avoid certain colours and numbers just because I feel like they’re ‘bad luck’ and it has taken most of my life away. My psychiatrist thinks that I am suffering from bipolar disorder and it seems like I’m cycling in and out of control, I’ve had 3 episodes in the past 4 months.

I don’t really have any friends at all. I really couldn’t name you one person I’ve been friends with in the past year. I’m crying so hard in my bedroom and I feel like I can’t breathe and I’m trying to muffle my cries incase one of my parents hear because when they ask what is wrong, they have good intentions but it makes me feel so more sad and it feels like they can’t do anything to help.

The other night all I wanted to do is to go to the cinemas but there was a voice in the back of my head telling me the reason I love going to the cinemas is because I can escape reality and people usually eat high carb, high fat snacks there and it made me panic. I’ve barely eaten anything the past few days and I feel so trapped. My Aspergers is so hard to deal with I can barely walk down the street without feeling like I’m going to have a meltdown. I just feel so unlovable. All I ever want in the world is to have a few friends that I can trust and rely on but I realise that it’ll never happen. I’ve tried internet friends but they can’t be there to help me physically or to hug me, I don’t know if people do that in friendships but I know they do in relationships. I just need a hug all the time. I just need a friend that won’t mock me for my lack of social skills or anxiety and will just help me. I have 4 brothers and 1 sister and I’m the youngest.

I’m sick and tired of being in so much emotional pain, I have a bit of physical pain and I have been to several doctors and they haven’t been able to diagnose me with anything. I just want it all to stop. I always pretend that everything is okay and I try to look as fine as possible. It’s not working and I’m so tired. I don’t want to be alone after death, I’m scared of being in hell even though I am not religious I see a lot of flashing images of terrible things happening to people and me being alone forever. This all doesn’t make much sense, I’m just balling my eyes out on my bed trying to be as comphrendable as possible.

I’m doing it tonight to end my pain. I’ll have time to clean my room, exercise (I do that for enjoyment), make a really petty dinner, return all of my library books, I’ll skip the suicide note and just do it. It’s the most iscolating part of all, to want to be apart of this world but removing yourself from it completely. I’m sorry for this. I don’t think I can make it better anymore. I’ll avoid failure at death hopefully, I can’t really afford to be brain damaged. I’m sorry for this sad post.