An uncontrollable disease is pushing me over the edge.Two years ago I developed Pilonidal Disease. For simplicity sake, it is a disease that forms on an ingrown hair, and forms a cyst at the location. After the cyst is formed, the ingrown hair has grown to a larger size and begins to burrow through the body. I had a pilonidal cyst directly on my tailbone. Pilonidal cysts, fill with fluid and then drain that fluid, constantly, and never ending-ly. This makes sitting extremely hard and uncomfortable. I cannot wear anything that isn't black as lighter colors will show stains. I carryed a wash cloth with me at Uni to wipe off seats as they would often be wet, forcing me to have to stay till last to leave to avoid anyone seeing. 
I was diagnosed with this two years ago. Since then, I have undergone five surgeries to "fix" the problem. The first four were all performed by different doctors whom claimed to be able to fix it. One of which, after I signed for a procedure, decided to change what procedure he was performing literally on the OR table, and left me in a state that I was unable to walk or sit in any fashion as it would tear stitches. After dealing with that, and the court cases following, I had to wait another 5 months before I was able to have another procedure. During these 5 months I fell into a very deep hole that I had never been in before. I never thought I was depressed, but these events have pushed me to the point that I believe I am. I reached out to several doctors and friends, and parents, and have received no help. The doctors gave me antidepressants, my friends all left as they did not care enough, and my parents simply don't believe me when I tell them how bad of a hole I'm in. 5 days ago I had another procedure done, this time by someone who specializes in the disease and it's treatment. I have been left unable to walk, sit, squat, or anything of the nature, until the stitches heal. In two weeks. They have me taking laxatives and I am unable to take my migraine medication or any other form of headache controlling medications, and as such, have been suffering a migraine since the procedure took place. The procedure has left me completely helpless. I lay on an old futon, on top of a trash bag, as I lose controls of my bowels before someone can help me. My mother, whom is a RN which makes it slightly less weird I guess, has to change the dressing applied to my ass everytime I have to go. I also need to shower everytime I go, and since im not able to safely move my legs, i need to be lifted into the shower and undressed. This morning I learned that I will never be back to the condition I was before the disease, meaning my favorite hobby, and the one thing that kept me going, mountain biking, will never again be possible.
I have nowhere to turn. I have nobody to talk to. I have nothing to look forward to. I no longer have the will to live.
If anybody..can give me any advice at all..I would be more than willing to listen and try my hardest to put it into action..
Thank you