I am Human Garbage and it sucks...I am currently at work. Its my new job and I am supposed to like what I do. But its hard to enjoy anything when your human garbage.

So Ill take you back to where this all started...

Ive always been human garbage, eben in preschool!

I remember my first day at school, I bit someone because I was upset that they started talking to me and then taken to someone else... I know shitty but I was a kid right? 
Well no, I mean I was but it didn't stop after getting out of preschool. I may not have bitten anyone anymore, but I guess Ihm just wired? It was always hard for me to make friends and even if I did manage to make a friend it was even harder to keep them. Now for a bit of info about myself, I am not ugly nor do I look wired. There is nothing really wrong with me as such, I don't smell and I don't have a wired voice so nothing that would turn anyone away like that.
But anytime I ever had friends it was like they where either embarrassed to be my friend or I had to basically "pay" them to stay my "friend". Meaning I would give them my toys I would never say no to anything and I would let them do whatever they want kind of...

But none the less it was still hard to have a friend that wants to be my real genuine friend. I never was one of the popular girls and I was always more of an outsider in every situation and place I would go. Even being one of the best a sports didn't help me or joining any groups that popular kids would join.

So that went on, till I reached Highschool, but there the same thing repeated it self it seemed, guys would like me and then out of nowhere they wouldn't anymore I would have a great best friend and then I wouldn't the next day. 
Now you may be thinking well did she have enemies? Nope.
Just an outcast for no reason... I didn't even fit in with the obvious outcasts, because even they had their own group of friends...

So now I am an adult and I have 1 "friend" and a boyfriend, who I lie to and tell him I have tons of friends, I mean how would he know, when in reality I sit by myself and just surf Instagram and cry myself to sleep.

In order to seem interesting to people I lie in hopes that maybe someone will like me and yes even when I try to be myself and tell the truth (nothing major) there is still no interest. and I spend another day eating lunch by myself at work in the toilets.


So I have come to the conclusion that I am human garbage and I am just not meant to be on earth, maybe I was a mistake I mean I know I wasnt planned (haha...) So I am turning to reddit in hopes that someone will read this and "help" me.
Because I don't want to be alone and I just want someone who cares about me as much as I care about them, who has the same interests as me and understands me.

sorry for this sob story I know there are more important things in the world and I know I am not the most worst of person but I just don't want to be alone in this world anymore, otherwise I might as well just leave...