I feel lostBeen probably the worst year of my life. Earlier this year I made the stupid mistake of smoking weed in a parked car. I didn't intend to drive anywhere, but that didn't matter to the cops, and I ended up with a DWAI (driving while ability impaired). Now I'm on probation, and it is a huge burden on my life. I already owe my stepdad $1000 that I've had to borrow, I have to pay $15 per UA which happen fairly frequently, I accidentally had a diluted test so now I've got an ankle monitor as well which costs $8.5 a day, my insurance is $450 a month, I owe the court $600 for supervision fees, and before my next appointment with my PO I have to sign up for a Substance Abuse class. My bank account right now is at -$50. I have a job that offers a great future, but I have been doing poorly. The job involves lead generation, and if I don't get 7 leads with 3 of them scheduled for appointments, I'm going to lose the job. I have to hit that goal between Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday next week. On my best week so far, I got 5 leads with 1 scheduled between Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, so I'm worried I won't be able to hit that goal next week, and I really don't want to get fired. Everything in my life is crashing down around me and I don't know what to do. I'm trying to move out, and this is the only job I can find that makes that possible, as everything else is minimum wage or close to it, while the average studio appartment is at least 800 dollars a month. I really wish I could go back to school and get a more useful degree. I graduated this year and got a BA in writing, which isn't helping me find any work. I want to go back and learn programming, but I don't know how I would be able to afford that, especially since I need to make at least 950 a month to cover my car insurance, car payment, and rent to my stepdad, and thats after paying back the 1000 I already owe him. Every week that goes by, I owe more money. I feel so lost and don't know how to resolve everything. I don't want to die, but I don't want to keep living if my future is this fucked. I don't know how to keep going. On top of all that, I've started to have thoughts that I might be trans, which adds a whole nother level of stress that I can't even begin to think about, so I just push those feelings to the back of my head and hope they will go away. 
If anyone has any advice I would really appreciate it. 