I genuinely want to dieA month ago, I made a post about how I have no friends. This has essentially been true for my entire life. From a very young age, I had crippling social anxiety to the point where I could barely function in school. When the teacher called on me, I would feel a powerful thumping in my chest. The world around me almost seemed to spin. I almost felt like I was suffocating. I knew what the answer was, but my mouth would remain still. 

Overtime, that feeling has become more dull but it's never gone away. I've learned to talk to people like a somewhat normal human being, but one thing I haven't learned is how to make friends and keep them. Throughout school, I made "friends." Really, they were just acquaintances who occasionally talked to me. I've always been a third wheel.

Because of my stunted social development, I'm boring. Incredibly so. I only know how to entertain myself. In the past month, I've been trying so damn hard to improve. I've gone to places that I never would have gone before: parties, get together's and so forth. I even started going to church. Not because I believe in that stuff, but because I'm so fucking desperate for human interaction that I'm willing to do anything at this point. And I've tried so hard to go out of my way to speak with people and it hasn't worked.

If I'm being honest, things have gotten worse. I talk to people who forget my name immediately after we've finished interacting. People ignore me. I feel like I'm not even visible at these events. I try going up to people and talking to them, but they always manage to slip away after only a short while. I even asked a girl out. She said yes, but has then proceeded to mostly ignore me in spite of my best efforts to make conversation. She even seems reluctant to tell me where I should go to pick her up.

Every time I try to do things with other people, I fade in the background and become a follower. Like an annoying little brother (literally, in my case). I've slowly come to the realization that I'm fucking useless. I had a job at a call center for about a week, but quit because I started having borderline panic attacks at the thought of talking to yet another pissed off customer. 

Ever since then, I've been unemployed. I've applied to retail stores, grocery stores, restaurants and other low-skill positions and have had no success. I have no discernible skills or talents. Nothing to be proud of. I genuinely hate myself, and I want to die. I can't even have friends - I can't even FUCKING have one of the most core parts of the human experience. I can't connect with ANYONE on a personal level, after trying so damn hard with so many different people. 

Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I could still enjoy movies, video games and other solitary activities, but I can't. The depression and anxiety have made it nearly impossible to enjoy anything. I am so sick of this constant feeling of sadness, emptiness and fear. It's been almost a decade since I've been diagnosed with this shit and it's not getting better. Regular walks outside, forcing myself to eat and drink healthy and medication have done nothing to stave off the way I feel about myself most of the time.  

I'm ready to give up. I'm finally ready to just end it. It's over. I tried. I've experienced everything that I'm going to experience. I'll never know what it's like to have a close friend or girlfriend or children. Even if I continue to live, the only thing I'll do is prolong my suffering. It's time to end it.