unbearable disgusting lifeChronically ill since birth, one moron of a father without any empathy (still screams at me for being a loser since i lost my job and failed as a lawyer), one mother who is completely batshit crazy from drinking herself to oblivion, i have no family, no real friends (we didnt invite you cause your sick) or all they do is yap about their stupid life problems while i'm fighting chronic pain each and every second. I'm fucking tired of this society dumping me like a sad sack of shit, redirecting me for ten years from shitty therapist to even more moronic shitty therapist or pshychiatrist. My life is 90% pain, i'm tired of it. If that wasnt enough, so called "god" gave me a drunk mother who thinks i'm a russian agent trying to poison her. I live alone and the only people I see are people that need some of my stuff from my former hobbies cause "i dont need them anymore". Nobody gives a fuck. My two pets died in one week and on my birthday I got a pen from the bank in the mail. Am I going to kill myself? Not yet. But my mind has been set for years. My future is going to be either even more painfull, or as painfull. Neither is acceptible. I havent been outside to a social event, and I do mean a-n-y social activity , for the last 10 years. I have no one to talk to. Literally. My parents dont give a fuck, my brother left our family due to our moronic parents , to some country i dont even know. I have no idea what i'm going to do each day I wake up, cause its hell. I go to doctors crying for help, or assistance, and the best they can do is have some stupid bitch telling me I should "be stronger". That's what triggered this whole thing, thats what i heard this morning. And she can go home in her car, which i cant drive, to her nice place, while mine isnt even up to my illness-standards, have friends, hobbies, pets, fresh air, and I bet u she's the one crying over a broken nail to her 20 friends. I've had it , i've had it with life. I was such a good person when i was younger, i did everything to my best, was nice, and now, as a thank u, people LAUGH at me cause i look weird, and have a weird skull since birth, fuck those people, i hope they rot in hell with me