Giving up on myself.I'll save you the long story and just cut to the chase.

A few months ago, on the day of my high school graduation, my dad jumped off a bridge. This has ruined me.

I might make another post about what exactly happened later, but for right now I need to write about me.

These past few months I've realized a few things. First and foremost, I've learned that nothing in life is for certain. While I was having one of the best times of my life at my graduation ceremony, first responders were at the bottom of a bridge, hiking through a rocky shoreline to get to my poor, sweet daddy--cold, dead, and utterly lifeless.

Secondly, I've learned that all good things must come to an end, including life. It's almost funny how people never really think about how the breeze of death might get to them. Whether it be direct or indirect, everyone will experience death eventually. I will lose all of my friends and family, or they will all lose me. And one of the worst (or best) parts of this is not knowing when it will happen to you. I guess this is the thing that is crushing me right now.

I feel lost, and hopeless. I've utterly, and totally given up on myself. I'm not going to go into detail about what I've done in the past, but I'm no angel. I've broken laws, ruined relationships, and ruined myself through addiction. And this was all BEFORE my dad's suicide. Every morning I wake up, and I feel like shit. But somehow, I always find something to hang onto for that day. But lately that list has been thinning out, as has my patience for this life.

"Life is a beautiful gift." Maybe so, but what do I care? One day, I'm going to die and, barring religious sentiment, I'm not going to care about one damn thing that has happened to me because, well...I won't even remember. The way I see it, why not do the world a favor and just fuck off?

I am a cancer on society. I've tried to better myself, and failed. I've hurt my friends and family, and those people all deserve better than my pathetic, worthless self.

Lately I've been considering breaking a traffic law, getting pulled over and hopping out and pointing a toy gun at the cop. I'll be the first to tell you that I'm a coward, and I don't have the balls to off myself, so why not get someone else to do it for me? 

For all of the beauty I've found in life, I've found evil and Hell to counter it ten-fold. I've given up, and I want out. I just wish someone would come in to my house, put a gun to my head and pull the trigger eight times. I don't care anymore. I wish I was dead. Maybe if there is an afterlife of some sort, I can at least hug my dad and again and listen to his laugh? That would be infinitely better than rotting away in my worthless life.

I'm sorry for this negative rambling, but I don't know what to do anymore. I dream about blowing my brains out with a shotgun. I wish that dream could come true.