Each day I'm getting more and more ready to commit.I was a spoiled child. I'd usually get what I asked for. I was able to avoid uncomfortable acts like chores and get straight to enjoyable things that wasted my time. I was somehow innately smart enough to get straight B's in all subjects without putting in effort.

Then came the next level of education, and I was unprepared for the amount of effort required. I had not learned to really get hurting to succeed, like an athlete would when they're running on the treadmill trying to go further. Many around me had this grit, this ability to put up with bullshit to get what they want. I just flaked, and came out with no grades.

That was 6 years ago. I knew then I wouldn't be seeing university. I would have to find a job and hope it went somewhere. 

After a year or so I had become depressed. I was sent by others to my doctor, to a therapist. After some time I was sending myself. I've had the support of a wealth of doctors, psychiatrists, therapists, psychologists, voluntary organisations, friends, family and employers. 

After every intervention it's the same: I feel better for a short while then fall right back into realising just how bullshit everything is, and I still don't have that grit needed to face the bullshit. 

After all of this I can see that there's no cure for pain or even a treatment, and to some extent I just have to man up if I want to get somewhere in life like out of my parents' house. Sure medication can change some feelings and therapy can help put things into a structure, but none of it will prepare me for the inevitable pain of the marathon ahead. 

I've learned that to get by you have to be willing to take the pain of life. You have to commit. I'm not willing, but there's another choice that takes just as much commitment and is just as frightening: the commitment to throw it all away forever. In this I don't get any pain, that's for the people around me who care about me. Every day that passes I feel more ready to commit. I have my plans, I can visualise them, I just need to do it.