The economy, the state of the world, and personal issues leave me hopeless. Husband is the only thing keeping me hanging on. I've debated posting in here for awhile, but I figure I might as well get it off my chest. This might not even be the best place to post this, I don't know. I'm only really suicidal about half the time, and I'd never actually do it because I couldn't ever hurt my husband (Or my mom.) that badly. Its not fair, its just selfish. I'm worried that something is going to cause me to snap, though. Or something will happen that will just make it too easy. My husband has talked about wanting to keep a gun in the house - for protection. (Our neighborhood is kind of going down the shitter....) I tell him I'm not comfortable around guns, but really I'm worried that it would just make it too easy and too tempting.

Its gotten to the point where I can't even watch the news or read newspapers anymore. I try to stay well informed of what is going on in the world, but there is just so much corruption, so much greed and hate and crime that it makes me sick. I watch news anchors get paid to lean one way or the other, and wonder how much of the real story we're getting. I watch corrupt politicians and CEO's push their personal agenda with no consideration of the rest of the world. The gap between the lower, middle, and upper classes are stretching farther, and I'm feeling more and more hopeless about my future. And aside from putting my vote on the ballot every term, there is absolutely nothing I can do - which is possibly the hardest part to deal with.

I'm 20, female, married with no children. My husband and I make it by, but just barely. He works at an electronics retailer and in fast food. He makes good money on commission, but doesn't get a ton of hours, and the fast food place just takes every opportunity it can to dick him over. I was working in a retail place for awhile, but had to leave due to how corrupt upper management was. (They all stole money and product and everyone seemed to turn a blind eye. The guy who tried to go to the owner got fired.) I started doing webcam modeling and was making semi-decent money on that. But then traffic slowed to almost a halt, and I haven't been making enough money to save, and just barely enough to pay the bills and still afford food. I'm looking for a job, but its hard. I've turned in dozens of applications and called back a ton of places, just to be told they aren't hiring or that I'm not the candidate they're looking for. My car is in desperate need of some repairs (its nearly 30 years old, the fourth gear isn't working and the A/C hasn't worked since they made the switch from r-12 freon.) and unless I can find a way to pull a job out of my ass, we won't be able to get it fixed.

As I said, we're making it by, but barely. We are trying to save up to move back to my hometown, because right now we live in a small town in the middle of the country (United States.) that I despise. I have to avoid things mentioning my home city/state because seeing it makes me feel too homesick that I'm just down for the entire day. When we get back, we intend on going back to school, but if we can barely save up to move, how are we supposed to be able to afford to pay off our existing loans and save for school? 

Sometimes I don't even know if school is worth it. I want to go for teaching, or business. I would be happier teaching, but I know that the school system is one of those things that is becoming so dumbed-down and corrupted that it would drive me crazy. If I open a business, I'm afraid that it wouldn't be successful, or that I would hate running a business. 


The knowledge that our world is slowly falling apart, dying of corruption and hate, and that there is nothing I can do about it and that it is not likely to change makes me so angry. And then I realize that my anger means nothing, that it won't do anything. That there is nothing I can do, and I just become sad. I've voted. I've written my politicians. I've tried to make my voice heard, but nobody is listening, and if anyone did hear, they don't care because its not furthering their personal gain. My husband and I are not making enough money to ever excel, but only stagnate. Our options for the future are looking abysmal, as if we're doomed to the same lower-class lifestyle as our parents. I don't sleep at night, and I've tried to fix it, but nothing I've tried has worked. All this just gives me such a big feeling of defeat and hopelessness, that I just want to throw in the towel and say "fuck it." The only thing keeping me from doing so is knowing that it would hurt others. 

