I'm not sure what to do anymore. I know I need help, I'm ashamed. 26/f. Well educated, not horrible looking, people seem to like being around me. I consider myself to be a good person and mostly cheerful, I think I love the people around me, but I hate myself. I think about suicide every day and am painfully sad. I have tried the "fake it until you make it" approach to no avail. My job treats me like garbage, I don't think I have any real friends, I'm in debt (5k credit card, 42k in student loans). 

My brothers are at a hard time in their lives without much money (they just graduated university and have not found decent paying jobs) and I really care about them. They are all I really have in terms of family. My dad and stepmom treat them like garbage and I can't stand it. Due to this, I do not talk much with them (my dad and stepmom) anymore. I think about suicide every single day. Sometimes I think about how good it would be for me to die in a car crash so my brothers can benefit from my life insurance policy. 

When I wake up, I lie in bed for 30-45 mins before getting up just fantasizing about what it would be life if I just died. I have expressed this to a close friend and she said that she thinks it's normal for people to wonder about suicide/dying. 

I haven't had a healthy romantic relationship in quite some time. My last LT relationship (ended in 2010) was terribly unhealthy and he took advantage of me for 4 years. I feel like I have lost to ability to feel real feelings in a romantic relationship due to the horrible boyfriends I have had. Every time i start getting close with someone, I sabotage it somehow.  

For the past year or so, I don't get excited about things, I really don't care about much. I recently went on vacation and while I spent good time with my 2 best friends, I honestly could have done without it. We did what people would call adventurous activities during vacation (zip lines, caving, etc..) I got absolutely no adrenaline rush from things things like other people in my group did. I even faked screaming "wooo" on the zip line to make it look like I was having fun, but, honestly, I was bored and I thought it was a waste of money. 

I know I don't have it bad at all. I have a good relationship with my roommates/best friends In my job, I see people everyday who have it way way way worse than I do. But still, I don't know. I don;t feel like being alive anymore. It's just so routine and boring, even when I take time off to go on vacation I'm bored. I find no excitement in anything. I don't know. This is probably just sounds like horrible, incoherent rambling.... I don't know what I need or who to really talk to. Maybe I need someone to talk to, maybe I need to get out of my head for a bit. I really do want to die, and if it comes to the point where I have to do it myself I think I can manage that. I have about 4 months of rent saved up to give to my roommates, in case I decide the time is right.

edited for clarification on some parts. 
