How do I get rid of these thoughts? (Long post, sorry)I'm a 25 year old male. To be honest, then I never thought I'd have these thoughts. They seemed so alien to me, sort of part of another culture than the one I'm used to.

Ever since I left Islam... Ever since I left high school. Ever since I lost my social circle due to my poor maintenance of these relationships (and I'd like to think that this is because of certain Islamic beliefs). I've had random thoughts of suicide. Not yet any real desire to carry it out - I still believe that there's much good in this life.


Leaving Islam has left me with a huge wound in my heart. I don't know how to quite put it, as I never left the religion out of spite - in fact, I've grown much as a person through it and come to learn lots of good people. I still believe that there's much beauty in the religion and some of it practices. I just no longer see any rational reason to stay confined to a 1400 year old religion that rejects criticism and halts development. But being an ex-muslim isn't really a bonus to your social relationships with muslims. Hah, I don't think I'd even wish to inform these people of my current agnostic beliefs. Nor do I feel comfortable to continue any relationship with people who can't 


There's another side of the coin. Non-muslim don't really seem to understand how hard it is to leave Islam, nor how hard it is for a previously strong and learned believer to relate with other non-muslims. I don't mean this in a negative way, as I do love the west and I've come to appreciate the humanistic approach thanks to the work of Karl Popper (oh, how beautifully he cleansed my heart and made me understand the issues with totalitarian systems - to that he deserves the greatest of my praise).  Astonishingly, I've come to know a podcast between Sam Harris and Sarah Haidar that accurately describes this particular problem of mine: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-XXQV3mZlg


When I think of my problem, there's certain verses of the Quran that pops into my mind. Such as the verse which describes the fate of ex-muslims (I know that it is false, yet I still have a strong bonding with the verses): "And whoever turns away from My remembrance - indeed, he will have a depressed life, and We will gather him on the Day of Resurrection blind." (20:124)



So yeah. I can't and don't want to have relationship with muslims anymore. I'd love to become friends with non-muslims, yet the problem is on my part - I don't know how you think or what's your code of customs are. I do realize that it sounds odd, but this is how I really feel. Due to my previous faith I've never had a relationship with females before, and it wasn't a problem as I knew how to get a muslim wife just fine. But non-muslim females? I don't even know how to start talking with one, let alone relate. For example, I don't mind drinking alcohol or eating swine anymore, but it doesn't really appeal to me. Nor do I find much interest in going to concerts or partying. So how would a non-muslim female find interest in me if I don't?  


It's making me so sad, so sad that I sometimes cry and think of putting a shotgun to my face and shoot. I'm not looking for pity, and I know I'm a bit selfish as I do have a loving family, undergoing free education, part time work, a free health system... I'm healthy, young, trained myself strong and built, decent looking and pretty smart - and I don't mean this in an arrogant way.. I could go on. So I should be more appreciative of my blessings yet I feel so sad and so lonely. 


So if you have read my post, and I feel sorry for putting so much up, then I ask.. Do you have any advice for me? 