Can't care anymoreI've lost my ability to care about everything anymore. I have 6 weeks left of college and I can't imagine doing anything except waiting to die.

At the beginning of the semester I was doing ok and had some passion for once, excited to finish up. I've lost that and I'm at my lowest point.

I cannot relate to people well. I have a terrible time talking with anyone, it is a hindrance of my existence. The most I can pull off is humor which is nice but I can't do anything else. I have trouble expressing feelings, deeper thoughts, small talk, just about everything. So I can't  explain properly why I feel like shit to those around me. I've been off/on with a girl a bit but now I've accepted I'm not her type, and she is really hard for me to understand. She has more layers of complications than I can deal with and is by far better at talking. I don’t know where we stand right now except as friends but I feel like a giant bother to her.

I have made some friends at college but the connections feel loose now. Half of them have openly expressed wanting to kill themselves. They have plans that stop them from doing it, same as me I guess, but I think I'm losing mine.

I've started a few unhealthy things, one of them being cutting. I never really understood it before but I get it now. The other being fasting. For past few weeks I've been keeping track of calories to lose weight, but now I have taken it very drastically. Im above 350 lbs so my only options are dramatic or long periods of time. I decided dramatic now.

I have a meeting with my school counseling on Thursday and am going to explain everything. Probably use this post as a guide to help me talk. It's really the only thing I'm sort of looking forward to now. Because it is the only way I can tell someone what's happening without feeling like a burden.

I'm taking lexapro for depression and have half a dose for when things get real shitty. I don't know if taking the extra will help now since it takes time to work into the system. I might but I'm expecting to end up in an institution for a while if the counselor needs me to be in one.

Also most of my family is in the Midwest and I'm in Massachusetts on my own. I talk to my mom about every week but that's about the only contact I have back home. 

I'm just kind of done. I tried faking it til I made it but I can't anymore. I just want out.