"you can't kill yourself, you have a kid"I am so fucking sick of the dismissive and/or cruel attitude people have towards my suicidal urges now that I am a parent.

I have never in my life been this close to actually attempting suicide. In the past I have self-harmed (cutting), engaged in risky behaviors, let myself become dangerously underweight by being too apathetic to eat, drugged myself so I slept for days on end, lost my flight-or-flight reflex (some jackass swerved at me with a pick-up truck to scare me, and nearly hit me because I didn't care enough to move. he had the audacity to scream "what the fuck is wrong with you!" at me over and over). I've checked myself into the psych ward/crisis center three times.

Now its different. This is urge is fairly quiet. It is consistent, it does not come and go in episodes that lead to impulsive behavior (such as my psych ward admittances). For months now, the desire to kill myself has been present in my consciousness at all times, growing in intensity. 

My child is the #1 reason I want to kill myself.

My child is the #1 reason people give me for why I shouldn't.

I really don't understand why people say I shouldn't kill myself because of her. I'm doing nothing but harming her. I am a terrible role model/influence. My agoraphobia has resulted in her being almost totally unsocialized. She has almost no relationship with extended family because of my social withdrawal. She is so unfamiliar with being outside that it is embarrassing/humiliating/shameful to take her out, the way she responds to people and landscape makes it obvious that she's not used to it.

At moments when I should feel joy with her, I feel infinite sadness. At moments when I should feel sad for her, I feel infinite rage/aggression. 

I am keenly aware that I am in over my head and running out of time. I made a list today of the most incredibly basic shit I need to do to get our life in order. Paperwork, insurance, finances sort of stuff. I thought it would help. Nice clear plan towards getting out of our shitty living situation and on the path towards the life I envisioned us having together as mother and daughter.

No such luck. This is pretty much a list of things I should have had in order before I considered giving birth. Looking at it makes me painfully suicidal. I have no idea how to accomplish most of this shit while simultaneously trying to not only continue parenting a 2-year-old, but trying to IMPROVE my parenting.

I have a counseling appointment on June 6th. If I don't feel hopeful about achieving these things after that happens, I am going to decide on a method, and make an attempt.

My kid deserves to be raised by an actual adult, in a calm and happy environment.