I am home alone and wondering....I was about ten years of age, when I first wanted to die. I have thought about it time and time again. When I was that young it was just a quick and final thing to end all the pain I felt inside. By the time I was around 15 nothing changed. I "attempted" about three times by then. I was bullied by my brother in-law. 

I feared of going to hell. I fear what I don't know in this life or the afterlife. I am now 23 and I still don't want to live. I should want to live. People who say "it isn't right to want to die". I automatically think "why? because you enjoy life therefore I am required too or else I am 'not right'?" 

I would love to just die when I am most happy. I don't want to die because I am sad. I think I am afraid of failing and I think if I can not live life as I want then I should not live. Is that more due to being somewhat controlling ? I don't see myself as being a contribution to society. I mean outside the money I place back into it. 

I feel that the govement wants people to buy this false reality. "Live in a huge house and be in debt. Even after you finish paying it you have to pay land taxes. Also repairs, otherwise we will fine you. Buy a nice car that you will always have to pay for insurance.etc etc."

I am the type of person that just loves to do things once and be at  peace. I love sitting in my room alone. Paint, draw, write, sing, dance, laugh but to do all that only from time to time seems pointless. I would be allowed only after all other obligations are met. I live to satisfy others. I like that to some extend. I do love to see people happy but I want to be selfish. I want to just leave and be done. I don't know how long my sentence is.... If I just knew what is to come then maybe I could live know what the purpose is to life. 


I am suppose to be happy with "for family", "for yourself", and another thing is why do people say " you are so smart but crazy." I am the only one that sees the world like this.... Maybe It is a phase.... my father killed himself and I understand him. I am jealous he is so strong to face my fear. I am sad that I didn't get to go with him. I will not lie, it hurts me when I think of him dancing with me as a child. I remember his laugh and his crow eyes when he smiled at me. He was strong to face the unknown in the afterlife. I am considered strong to face the unknown in this life. 


Which is the right strength? 