I just can't keep this up anymore...My main problem is that I over analyze things. I haven't reached out for help because I feel like I can figure out my problems. This hasn't worked, so here I am.

I am currently 22/f. When I was 18, I graduated high school and moved in with my boyfriend before college. We moved to a new are where I didn't have any friends. With work, class, and comuting via bus, I didn't feel like I had time to make friends. 

I get along great with everyone. I just didn't make any of my own friends. In my sophomore year, I started seeing the college psychologist. He made me feel a bit better. After a couple if months, I quit showing up to class and missed a lot. I struggled so much, I ended up dropping out due to mental health issues.

After dropping out, I applied to my current job. I love my job and I make decent money. I still live with the boy I moved in with; he's my fiancé now! I feel like my life sounds good on paper, but  not happy. 

My fiancé has some great friends. They all say they are my friends as well. I find this hard to imagine because nobody ever goes out of their way to talk to me or invite me to things. I also feel like my fiancé has been too distracted to pay any attention to me. I honestly feel like nobody wants anything to do with me. I feel so lonely - even when I'm surrounded by people.

I'm trying to make everyone like me or want to be around me. I'm trying to take interest in the things they like. I hope by doing this, they will want to talk to me more. Is this the right approach? Or am I just crazy?? I've never had real interests of my own.. I guess I've always picked up what others like so that they'll like me.

Since I've never had my own interests, I don't know what I like. I feel like I should pick up a hobby to distract myself from my loneliness and depression. What should I do? What would I like?

Another thing that has been keeping me down is my boss. I have made mistakes at work that have had her frustrated with me. I totally get being annoyed or even upset with me. But anymore, she ignores me and wants nothing to do with me. I ask questions trying to learn about things and I can't even get a straight answer out of her. When she does talk to me, it is to belittle me in front of the entire office. This makes the whole office uncomfortable and then nobody will speak to me. It is hard to go somewhere every day when you don't feel like anyone wants you there.

After coming home from work, I make sure that I try to keep up with the house. My fiancé has friends over pretty often and they can make a mess. I feel like nobody respects me because they do not clean up after themselves. My fiancé has had his hours cut at work. I know he is in a funk right now and doesn't feel like doing anything.. But I wish he would help me out. I've even picked Up a second job. I try my best to do everything to take care of him! Even the little things I do for him - pick him up movies and snacks he likes, rub his back, talk about things he likes.. Sometimes I feel like I don't receive the same treatment.

To top off all of the negative feelings I have regarding my relationships in my life, I feel pretty useless. I strive to be the best at work and in my personal life. Well, at work, I'm pretty average. In my personal life, I'm pretty average. I don't have any hobbies or anything that I'm good at. I'm 22 years old and I have no drivers license. So, I'm completely dependent on others. This makes me feel terrible.

For those of you that have read this, thank you. I just needed to vent and had no idea where to go. I contemplate suicide all of the time, but I don't want to let someone down by having them deal with that. I apologize for the rant and spelling/ formatting issues. I'm on mobile and just started typing.. And now were are here.
