Why shouldn't I just jump in front of that train ?This is my first and maybe my last post on reddit, you can totally ignore this, it is not going to matter, I just want to put some stuff off my chest.
Here I go, I lived a happy life back in my hometown in Romania, then it all went to sh*t when I moved to the U.K.. I honestly have most of the things a teenager would want (I am 16, sorry if it seems like I am bragging). Got a phone, a PC, everything but my friends.
I moved here 2 years ago, this summer I went on holiday back to my hometown and I met "that special person" again, I felt true happines for that 1 month I was there, I cried of happines everynight knowing that next morning I would wake up and go meet her, actual happines, do you know what that feels like ? And of course, because I am fat, ugly, have glasses, I would never have had a chance with her, but she talked to me, we would text eachother until we will meet, I would tell her everything, literally everything about me, my darkest secrets, she did the same. 
Now I've got my GCSEs (for those who don't know, they are the exams that decide your future in England), failing everything (even though I was an ace in everything back in Romania and the stuff I do here is easier), i just can't do anything, just can't. I feel like breaking down crying everyday in the hallway when passing anyone. No one makes me feel like she does, she doesn't have a boyfriend or anything, if she did I would be more happy because she would be more happy, but the fact that I am the way I am and I look the way I look is going to stop her from ever thinking about me. She only treated me like that this summer after telling her my past attempts of.. you know( let's not say the "s" word) It was all fake, it fu**ing hurts.
It is not all about her, not all about love, my friends that I've known since I was 4  I miss them.
Let's go to the train thing, I think I might be boring you right now. I live in West London next to a train station, I take the train everyday, why shouldn't I just jump in front of one of those that go like 300km/h on Monday ? I don't care if no one will recognise me or stuff like that, i just want to end it, but a part of my brain stops me from it.
I can't tell my parents, they will take it as a joke, can't tell anyone at school because f*** them, they don't care.
Also my parents told me we will never go back to Romania so...
There is just no one I can talk to, but her.
Yeah,let's go back to her, to Beatrice, what a beautiful name isn't it ? She is also beautiful, not in the sexual way, I am not that kind of person, she is just gorgeous, you are gorgeous Beatrice, you will never know it, I never told you, but I love you and always will.
I decided, on monday I will do it, I will jump in front of it, first day of school after 2 weeks of holidays, not like anyone will care anyway, not even her.
Goodbye Beatrice, goodbye Reddit, goodbye to whoever is reading this, thank you if you made it this far, cheers