Depression for 5 years... It's taken a sudden turn for the worst...I was just on here really looking for some sort of support or listening to others and how they cope. I don't have a bad life really but I can't escape these thoughts.
I was first diagnosed with depression when I was 13 though no one took it seriously. I had bulimia, anorexia and I didn't really have any friends. I was bullied a lot because I was the sort of girl that asked the teacher for extra homework. The best advice I received was simply "You just need to cheer up!" I didn't have anyone to talk to about it as my parents didn't understand the depth of it nor how to help my situation. 
Fast forward to the age of 14; my parents find out that I am bulimic and anorexic and then the self harming starts. I hid it well for months as I was going through my "emo phase" and wore bracelets almost all the way up to my elbow so no one noticed it. The only reason anyone found out is because I forgot my school jumper one day and my teacher made me remove all of the bracelets. My parents were contacted and I got one of the worst lectures of my life. My little sister didn't completely understand but it was obvious that she was scared for me.
Age 15. I had started smoking at this point and had been assaulted and beaten by my ex boyfriend multiple times. I didn't want to get out of bed in the mornings and most nights I cried myself to sleep and hoped that I wouldn't wake up again. One morning my parents and I have a huge argument as they try to raid my bag for cigarettes (there weren't any in there but I was an emotional ass child) it ends up with me and my mum in tears and my 8 year old sister screaming that she hated her life. That was what really pushed me over the edge... I had the bottle of paracetamol in my bedroom as I had abdominal pains. I don't know what came over me but I took as many as I could before going to school... My friend found out and reported it and I was rushed to hospital. I had to stay in and have my system pumped and my liver monitored as I'd killed almost half of it. I recovered well but it didn't change the way I felt about life and how much I wanted to just end it all but I didn't try again for the sake of my sister.
age 16: nothing much really happens here, a few relationships that go to sh*t and the self harming increases and I start suffering PTSD about my ex.
age 17: I'm dating a nice guy, I'm singing in a band, I passed my GCSE's and was now in sixth form, what could possibly go wrong?
I fall pregnant with my boyfriend's child. 
I didn't know what to do, we were so scared and panicked about if we could afford a baby and if we could give him/her a good life. We assume we cant and book to get rid of our baby... The day after I find out I'm pregnant I get kicked out of my band. I cried for days. We go to the clinic to talk about the procedure and on the way home we talk about everything and decide we cant go through with it. This is our child after all! I tell my parents... they kick me out of their house so I move in with my boyfriend and his family. It all went well until the rumors started and he finds out that something happened with me and another guy before I fell pregnant. We argue and my mum and dad take me back home but I stay with my boyfriend for the sake of our baby. I didn't have an easy pregnancy, I fell down the stairs, had a kidney infection, ended up with my knee in my stomach, get pushed into walls at school and more but I never damaged my baby. I ended up with internal bruising and was put on bed rest for a few months as the infection was bad. I start getting suicidal again and I don't know who to talk to. I don't want to tell my parents or boyfriend as I don't want them to worry but I don't want to keep it to myself. I almost overdosed again and almost jumped in front of a car, the only thing that stopped me was my baby.
About to turn 18:
I turn 18 in just over 2 weeks. Me and my boyfriend have a lovely house, I have a good relationship with my family. I got engaged and I have a beautiful daughter to love. But my depression is getting worse. Almost everyday I think about ending it and the only reason I don't is because of my little girl., she's the little ray of sunshine that keeps me going, but I now have anxiety, mild anorexia, paranoia (I hear slamming on the door when my partner isn't home and when I'm out I swear that I'm being followed), night terrors and severe depression. I'm now under different organisations to try and help me but it hasn't done anything yet. It's so scary. I got told that it may just be postnatal depression but my daughter is 3 months old now and the feeling hasn't changed at all. I'm terrified of doing something that may seem irrational to those of you who are reading this but to me its very rational and real! I love my little family so much but I need help getting over this. I have my method of ending it planned out in my head in detail and everyday has become a struggle. I don't completely want to die but at the same time I cant help but think that my family, friends and daughter would be better off if I was...

Any suggestions would be much appreciated.

Thank you for reading 