Been struggling with this for years, scared to admit I feel the end is near.Where to start? When I was 3, my mother was murdered by someone close to the family. Since then I've had issues with life and emotions in general. 

Growing up, I got into fights at school, lots of them. I didn't listen to anyone, I didn't get along with my father. He would beat me for something and I didn't care as the next day I I'd do it all over again. I didn't care, I hated everything. I hated the life I was dealt. I hated the town I lived in. I hated my father and my sister. I hated myself, I was never pleased with my physique or my looks. I wasn't into sports. I wasn't into anything. I often contemplated jumping off our garage head first, or falling off a tree in the same fashion. I always thought death was a better alternative but was never able to actually jump off that garage head first. 

I moved out of my father's place when I was roughly thirteen and went and lived with family for a little while. I hadn't changed, still angry, still defaulting to suicidal thoughts when shit got bad, not getting along with family that took me in, got kicked out, lived on the streets at sixteen. By seventeen I had gotten a girl pregnant which actually helped me with a fresh perspective and these thoughts were less frequent.

My first daughter is born. I'm now living with her mother and we're collecting social assistance. Pressures of having a child whilst being a child who dropped out of school(didn't get along with teachers and most students) coupled with my default rage, I end up being an abuser to my daughter's mother. 

The first time it happened I was so angry at myself. I couldn't believe I let things get to that point. I couldn't believe I had just struck my partner. What kind of piece of shit am I? What if one day my daughter angers me to that point? I should just fucking kill myself. They both deserve better.

It happened again multiple times and I always defaulted to you should kill yourself for x,y,z. I finally ended up leaving and did the same thing in another relationship. I'm now 22 years old and I literally have an exact repeat of my previous relationship. By this time, I'm not only thinking of killing myself after these abusive events, but these thoughts are more frequent in day to day life(at work, driving, watching tv).

That relationship inevitably ends and I take some time to really get my anger under control. I eventually learn that it's okay to be angry but not okay to react. 

I should mention that throughout both of these relationships, I never really let my guard down. I never mentioned anything about the thoughts or default reactions that run through my head. Neither of these partners had ever known I had even thought of suicide. Although I did love them, I couldn't let them know me. The real me on the inside who's never really felt like he's belonged here. I don't think I'm smarter than anyone, but I don't think that I think in the same way. 

I've never been the type of person who can openly discuss emotions because for the longest time the only emotion I could truly feel was anger. Don't get me wrong, I had stints of happiness but they never lasted, they were always overshadowed with rage, depression, and  thoughts of suicide.

I was in yet another relationship, this one much better than the others. We had kids together and no abuse from either party. We would still get into arguments but the ends were usually a bike ride or some talking. It was healthy. The suicidal thoughts became less frequent. That's not to say they weren't there because they were, but by this point I have children that I love in this world and I can't stand the thought of having them not know who their father was as I never got to know my mother.

Fast forward almost a decade and these thoughts are a little more aggressive seemingly matching the decline of my relationship.

That relationship ends but I'm not hurt about it. I feel like we both saw it coming so it was easier to handle. I wasn't angry about it, but I was still having frequent suicidal thoughts.

Current day. I've been in a relationship with someone almost a year and a half. Still having aggressive thoughts even though this relationship was golden by my standards but that relationship recently ended as well. She broke up with me, she wanted other things. 

I'm old now. My kids are older.

I don't think I'm supposed to be here. I've felt my whole life like some omnipotent being fucked up. Took the wrong person. 

I know things get better with heartbreak, I've been there before. It's not the heartbreak that's pushed me here. It's that I'm done.. I give up because I can't keep fighting these thoughts every day. I'm not strong enough.

I don't think it's possible for me to be happy in life. I'm always thinking of these really fucked up ways to die. I look at the fall from the escalator to the basement every day and think, just do it. These thoughts are getting so bad it's almost like someone else screaming them at me. I'm so mentally exhausted of thinking about how this will affect who in my family. I'm physically exhausted. I'm so sick of being angry all the time. Half my life is over. My kids got to know who i was. I don't speak much with my father or siblings. My best friend was my last relationship, and I can't even talk to her now. I never was able to open up to her either even though all I wanted was to share everything with her.

I've tried anti depressants, I've been to doctors. I can't cope with this anymore. I've basically said my goodbye to everyone who matters without letting them know that was my goodbye. I feel so bad for my kids, I know they won't understand. They'll say what everyone else says "he took the cowards way out".

A person is only so strong. I can't continue. Every moment of every
day I'm looking at anything and seeing how I can die. A bus hit and killed a guy here in the city not long ago. Hanging myself seems like a good option, from what I read if done right, I'll snap my neck instantly. I'm too scared to swallow pills because I don't want to fail. I don't want my family to see me like that. I drive an electric scooter, people almost kill me every day, I should just not avoid them. I've never seen a light at the end of the tunnel and I definitely don't see one now. I've grown, I've matured, I've given it time to pass but instead it's just gotten stronger. It's stronger than I am now.

If somehow any of my loved ones were to ever see this post after I'm gone, just know I love you and you did nothing wrong. This has been a very difficult path to walk for me, and my brain just can't do it anymore. I am so sorry.