When trying only leads to failureRelationships in all forms are extremely overrated, the end only makes the pit larger. I spent a couple years trying to work in my family business, knowing I wasn't cut out for it, but I wanted to make up for lost time with my Dad. He's great but was too nice to tell me I needed to do something else until it was too late. Now I'm in my mid twenties, with pretty much no skills that could get me a job, no money, no highschool degree, and no hope. I could try to go back to school, I'm not stupid, just a lazy piece of shit that has burned almost 10 years of opportunities. At least I got my GED I guess. I think that's the only move left, put myself in debt and force myself to grind day to day, maybe that will distract me. Either that or work at some retail store until the people I love are far enough removed from life that I can finally disappear. I wish they hated me the way I hate me. They're disappointed, maybe annoyed, exasperated, but they would still be negatively impacted by my suicide. It's better if I let their disdain grow, and let them rightly justify a slow retreat from me. I want them to know that this was my failure, my own weakness. The worlds I've daydreamed of will never be, and I'm too much of a pussy to live in the real world. I've tried to push this self pity away for years, and it worked to some extent, but now its back and feels more oppressive than ever. I don't think I have the mental fortitude to fight this off again, I've done it too many times already, only to fail again. I just needed to get this off my chest in some form, certainly a cry for help, though I'm not sure why I've bothered. There is something cathartic in this writing, the most I've felt in some time. I can't keep this post up for long, but rest assured that ill never be able to commit to anything, even ending myself. I'll still be kicking weakly long after you've forgotten that you took the time to read the inane writings of some worthless self pitying cunt online.