My adviceDecided I wanted to write a post about my advice to all of you suffering and having suicidal thoughts. I hope it helps. Sorry about the formal and scentific like text, tried to write it as easily as possible but it just came out this way. Praying for you all. 

&amp;#x200B;

Short version: 

1. Get rid of active sources of negative energy in your life, apply the method of risk vs reward. Don't gamble 50/50, try to apply 90 % reward vs 10 % risk at minimum, try not to go below 90 % reward. Negative energy is anything that impacts you in a negative way, long term and short term. 
2. When you have eliminated active negative sources, try to get rid of as much negative energy inside yourself as possible. Creating an outlet for negative energy is a good start. There are many ways to do this, exercise, writing, creating music where you express yourself, getting a punching bag and punching it, try to think of something that takes energy out of you, chopping wood is a great one but not as easily applied.
3. Build positive habits and do positive things. Getting rid of negative energy and creating a outlet for negative energy are some of the most positive things you can do, but outside of those you need positive habits and things to do that you can apply more. Check the list at the bottom of this post for some examples of positive things you can do. 

&amp;#x200B;

When you are suicidal you are a mass of negative energy. Both biological and psychological things like for example bipolar disorder (biological) and bad parenting (psychological) have had an impact on building up this negative energy. It's similar to a person breaking down from stress at work, person gets stressed, stress builds up without an outlet for negative energy and not enough positive building energy habits, so the person mostly just feels the negative energy (stress) for a long time. After a while the mind and body can't handle it and it goes into shutdown. The difference is that suicide is on a larger scale, the negative energy experienced is so much that a human is barely able to handle it and thinks about killing himself/herself because of the unbearing pain. 

&amp;#x200B;

The way to get away from this negative state and go into a positive state (happy) is by trying to eliminate negative energy and building positive energy. To do this you have to figure out what impacts you negatively and get away from that and focus on building positive habits. For example, your parents might affect you negativly so much that you can barely stand them and just want to kill yourself.  Getting away from them would then be the best option to eliminate the negative energy (parents). 

&amp;#x200B;

The transition of going from suicidal to happy is long and will probably take some years (at minimum) to be "happy". In between these there are other states, like for example: very bad, bad, not ok, ok, better, good, very good and finally happy. 

&amp;#x200B;

When you are trying to eliminate negative energy you have to be aware of the risk/reward when deciding what to do. If the risk is 50 % of getting negative energy (insults, beaten, molested, abused, bad attitude, manipulative, not friendly) and the reward is at 50 % (good friend, nice moments, healing time etc) then the reward is NOT worth it. You are already a mass of negative energy, the risk of getting even more negative energy which could tip the boat and cause you to give up and commit suicide is to high for you. You have to eliminate as many sources of negative energy as possible, gambling 50/50 is not how you get better. I see many people writing that their friends don't reply when they text them which cause them to feel even more hopeless. That is a good example, if your "friends" have ignored you before and mistreated you before, you must cut them off and try to focus on other things that might make you feel good. You will feel more lonely yes, but there are other people out there that you can try talking to and the risk/reward is better when writing on this page (suicide watch) that you need someone to talk to then texting a bad friend. 

&amp;#x200B;

Moving on to positive energy building. The same method when eliminating negative energy is applied here. You weigh the risk vs the reward when deciding what positive things to do. Here are some positive things you can do with very little risk.

&amp;#x200B;

1. Sleep
2. Eat healthy food
3. Exercise
4. Meditate
5. Write in your journal or just write down your thoughts on a paper. 
6. Go for a walk.
7. Go out in nature during daylight. 
8. Clean up your environment, house/room, car/bike etc. The better your environment, the better you feel
9. Wash dirty clothes
10. Socialise with good company, real life company or talking/texing on the phone. Preferably real life. 
11. Go out when the sun is out
12. Move around, don't stay in your room all day or in your house all day. The more movement the better
13. Meet a social worker, psychologist, therapist to talk about your life and problems. Some negative energy, like trauma etc you can't simply get rid of. You will probably need help to get rid of it and meeting a social worker etc can help with that. And not only do the difficult negative energy like trauma get solved more easily, easier problems also get solved more easily. People that work in these fields aren't always right and sometimes it feels like they don't help, but they are at the minimum worth taking a chance on and more preferably you should them some time. 
14. Talk to someone that want's to help. Even if you feel they can't help, just you talking about it with them can be a great help, more then any therapist might help. 
15. Get rid of negative energy. More then anything, getting rid of negative energy is the most positive thing you can do. Start by eliminating active sources and then try to eliminate as much as possible inside yourself.
16. Learn a new skill.
17. Have fun, play video games, do whatever makes you feel at peace. 
18. Write down some positive things that have happened recently, this one will be hard when you are suicidal since it feels like everything in the world is hell, but just try to write down something positive. When you write down positive things your mind starts to focus on positive things more as well and you end up noticing positive things more as well. 
19. Do a healing ritual. Do a ritual where you for example bring something negative and burn it. It can be something you wrote down about your childhood where your family mistreated you. When you write it down and burn it, it's like letting go of that negative energy.