An accidentally long ventThis is just a vent (?) because it’s 3am and I’m just overthinking things. 

I’ve just realised how slightly fucked up it is that I attempted suicide at school when I was 13/14 (I’m 17 now) and how everyone, including me and my family, just brushed over it so quickly. I used to self harm for other peoples entertainment- cutting my wrists and burning my arms. I know it wasn’t really a big deal compared to what other people do and go through but I find it weird how it was all dismissed so quickly, by myself too. 

Was that not a very obvious cry for help or some shit?? 

The worst part is that my friend reported me out of boredom and the sake of “seeing what the school would do”. I thought I had long forgiven her for this but maybe I haven’t?? We were so young and I know we all know better now. I’d say that I and the friends involved would’ve done shit a lot differently now but the worst part is that I still have to listen to jokes about what I did to this day. Like, you weren’t there for me AT ALL when I very obviously needed it but now you’re reaching to joke about it???
Obviously, I shouldn’t have let them but I’ve recently cut them all out anyways (for other reasons).  

Now, I just wish I worked through whatever was wrong with me because I think the lack of closure(?) haunts me to this day. Talking about it somewhere, even online, would’ve been better than doing nothing and just acting perfectly fine until family and whatnot stopped bugging me. The problem is that I’ve practically completely forgotten everything that happened and why I did what I did. I just know that I haven’t changed much and still feel the way I did then. 

Whenever my house is really quiet and all I can hear is the clock ticking, it quite vividly takes me back to sitting on that bed- where I swayed my head and legs to the beat and my finger tapped along. I concentrated really hard on the clock to drown out the conversation about me and get through the situation I put myself in as quick as possible. 
I feel like, since then, I’ve mentally tapped out. I was so focused on making things go back to normal that I may have drowned myself and any sort of genuine emotion or thought out. In short, I’m stuck on autopilot. It feels like I’m a little ghost watching whoever my body is go through each day.

I’m not asking for anything here, I guess I just wanted to share this somewhere.