I just don't feel like a "person" anymoreI'm 26, holding on to a job which I feel barely qualified for, and I feel as if I'm incapable of actually developing or teaching myself a skill. I live alone, but my parents are there as a safety net(more out of a suspicion I probably can't take care of myself than a want to spoil or coddle me as an adult). I can't say that I have life worse than anyone, so I find it hard to get to the point where I feel like I actively need to seek help or even people to talk to. People have been there for me in the past, but I think they go into it expecting a cake walk and eventually learn to resent me because of my neediness in dark times. 

I just don't know any more. In 13 years I've seen probably 6 or 8 psychologists, private and in school, and about 3 psychiatrists. The psychologists all pretty much sat there staring at me. My first psychiatrist had the belief that it would be better to aggresively over medicate me and see if that stuck, and all others after were afraid to change a thing or even explore the possibility I had been misdiagnosed. After I got my job I found it hard to get the time off to go see my doctor, leading to rescheduled appointments. My last Doctor had enough of me rescheduling and pretty much refused to see me as a patient any more at a point where I needed refills for my meds. After that I've just developed a strong distrust for the psychiatric community. I don't doubt their purpose or that there are good psychiatrists out there, I just don't think I have the time or money to wade through it all. 

I know at this point my post is just a rambling, unstructured mess and believe me I am very sorry for that. It can be hard for me to focus and put my thoughts down in a clear manner.

I suffer from bad anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder as well as bipolar disorder which is 99% on the depressed side of things. I've gotten to a point where I'm able to recognize my mood swings and can usually prepare well enough. I have absolutely no self confidence or sense of self worth. Despite people at work saying how valuable I am and how much I'm needed I am constantly in fear of being fired any given day for the slightest mistake. If I were to lose this job I feel like I couldn't get another.

I feel as if I just don't know how to live and be a person. I don't connect with people when socializing. My last psychiatrist said "Go out, meet people" to which I would ask "How?". I just don't get it. Nothing comes naturally to me at all and often times I have to work on figuring out just what the hell people mean when they talk or say things. When I do talk I usually just ramble, or I take too long in figuring out what to say. Seriously I can stand there for a minute before working out that responding to your "Hello" with another "Hello" is appropriate. 

I just don't feel like a person, on an emotional or even functional level. My parents were there for me, but they never really taught me anything(riding a bike, "the talk", etc.) and now they just don't understand why there are all these things I don't know how to do. My dad just doesn't get why there are all these logistics to renting an apt I'm not aware of to the point of looking at me like I'm stupid, but I just don't understand how I was supposed to know it in the first place. Maybe I a just incredibly stupid and incapable of functioning. I certainly can't rule that out for the sake of keeping myself confident in myself. 

I used to get depressed, but now its like my feelings of hopelessness and pointlessness are just fact. I don't want to die, but a lot of times it seems the logical and pragmatic thing to do for others. I wouldn't be a burden on others or work. I would stop being that socially awkward person who might creep people out or ruin a perfectly good fun time. If anything isn't it selfish for me to want to keep on living?

The last time I felt genuinely happy and like I had a future worth sticking around for was when I was with my girlfriend, who was also my first girlfriend. I actually thought things were good between us and we had something. I'll admit I'm insecure and can be needy or clingy, but I hate being that way and always try to make sure I'm not. If anything, I probably asked her what she was thinking or how she felt way too much. She never gave me any reason to believe she wasn't happy, but when we broke up she made it out as if I had strong armed her into being with me and spoke to common friends as if I were some sociopathic monster. At least she was the one girl willing to give me a chance. By the time college ended I became accustomed to being introduced to girls who would give me looks of disgust and confusion. 

I don't want to be that, but it seems no matter what I can't do anything right or be anything of value. I lurk this subreddit a lot. Sometimes it helps to see you all offer kind words and support to others. Its a great thing. I just don't feel like I deserve it. I don't have the problems other people here are facing, and I'm closer to 30 than I am to 20. I have a hard time holding onto friends as they either don't want to get too close, or they get sick of my shit. People try to tell me its not me, its them. That's always their answer, but it makes no logical sense. I am not the only common factor in every situation. It MUST be me. It must be something about me, if not everything about me. 

I'm sorry if you read this. As I type this I'm 50-50 on just deleting everything I wrote and closing my browser. I know that this could have been structured much better, and my ideas made clearer. I just don't know what to think any more. I'm not special. I don't deserve any special treatment or consideration. I just don't feel like I'm capable of expressing myself in a way that anybody in my life would be willing to understand(going on biases or preconceived notions of suicide or depression). I figure I can at least get a new perspective here, even if it is just a confirmation of all of my worst thoughts and views on myself. 