I'm a Big Disappointment 

I'm an Asian, and my parents want me to get good grades, but two of my grades dropped to complete garbage due to some bullshit. I was supposed to get an A in AP Gov, but our teacher assigned a group project with no group evaluation. Someone decided not to do any work, which dropped the grade of our entire group to a failing grade. This dropped my overall grade by 6 points to a B, which disappointed my parents and I can't do anything to get those points back. My bio grade dropped from an 91 to an 84 as well because of TurnItIn's shitty plagiarism report. I was working with a group on the online test even though I wasn't supposed to, but I was only on it if someone needed help or if I needed help. I was already done, and someone asked me for the answer to a question. I asked him not to copy my answer word for word, but sure enough, he copied my answer word for word. This lost me 40 points because he turned his test in first while I was looking over my test, and my teacher absolutely hates plagiarism. The only subject that I'm actually good at, math, hasn't been going great either. I did pretty bad on my first two tests, and the one test that I was guaranteed to get a good grade on was three or four days before the lock down, and I was absent the day of the test. Then, I had to go on a two day field trip that ended the day the lock down started, and now, my teacher won't let me take the test because it would be in an unfair testing environment, leaving me with a shit grade in math, too. On top of this, I literally have nothing else going for me. My brother got accepted into a good school, has a lot of friends, and is succeeding there, while I'm over here doing shit in a public high school with no friends. My parents are expecting me to be just as successful as my brother, but at this point, it's near impossible. I'm not athletic or tall(I often am mistaken for a fifth grader when I'm in the ninth grade). I have very little extracurricular activities, and I don't even have a good personality to back up my failures. I just want to die at this point, but I don't even have the courage to do that.