Getting older, getting lonelier, often thinking of just ending itEvery day I wake up hating my life, hating myself, but I hide it so well nobody would ever be able to tell how I really feel.
I feel like I'm a disgrace, I failed in life, and my life isn't worth living. I'm a 30 years old female, and I used to have it all- I was a model, I had a fiance, I thought life is working out just fine for me. Then I stopped modeling to move to the country of my fiance (before we lived together in another country). Turns out he had been cheating on me with countless women. The last women he cheated with was a girl he fell for, and after I found out he has been cheated I left him, and he started dating her. The only man I ever fully trusted, gave my heart to, and loved to death lied and cheated to be and decided I'm not worth more than a piece of trash. Ever since, I have been trying to date and it always comes down to the same- I never feel anything for the guys that are into me, and every time I am into a guy he doesn't give a shit about me. 


Friends of mine of the same age are married with kids, while I still have the same life as ten years ago. I work, come home, watch Netflix and sleep. On the weekends I do drugs with friends because it's the only joy I have in life, the only way to escape my issues for a bit. People keep telling me with 30 I am over the hill, and that, if I ever want to find a husband and have a family, I should do it now, or else I'm a lost cause. Deep inside I know having a family is not in my cards, as much as I would love to have one. I would love to be in love, have children, but I just know this is never going to happen for me. 


Soon I'm going to be old, ugly and infertile and I will be full of regrets.The future scares me so much and gives me the worst anxiety. I can't imagine ten years from now, being 40 and alone, losing my beauty, still being in the exact same situation, probably even lonelier. Sometimes I see myself in the mirror and just want to take a big knife and ram it into my heart. I often hate myself. I often feel like I'm worth nothing. The only reason I don't kill myself is my wonderful parents, probably the only people that have ever truly loved me. I could never do that to them, as much as I would love to. I don't know what to do. I'm lost. So lost.