Tired of fighting my various mental illnesses - wanting to give up and only 23. Please help!This is going to be pretty much baring my soul but here goes:  Every day I struggle with OCD, Major Anxiety, and sometimes (like now) severe, suicidal depression.
By all accounts I have my life ahead of me – I'm working on a promising major in a promising field, am currently employed (if only part time), and, while I currently have no real friends to speak of, am starting to consciously make an effort to change my social situation.  Reaching out to other people has been historically difficult or unwanted for me because of all that has gone on in my head, but slowly but surely I am trying to overcome it.  But every once in a while, I get knocked down so hard that I wonder if I'll ever get back up.  Some background: I was raised in a very conservative religious family.  They believed that anyone who didn't believe exactly like them was going straight to hell.  The trouble is that eventually I sort of “grew out of” their way of thinking and started to look at things from more of an outside perspective.  But assimilating into what they always called the “secular world” has been a challenge.  Many times I find myself envying people who never had to go through the transition that I had to go through, and simply behaved or believed “secularly” all their lives.  You know, the majority of the population out there (it would seem).  I often find myself dealing with doubt after doubt, and mental setback after mental setback, often grappling with tough ideas (like what if I'm wrong) and having to construct elaborate cognitive frameworks to justify my beliefs.  And still I sometimes have to totally dismantle these frameworks and reconstruct them so that they will operate better.  It is a very stressful process and it leaves me in mortal terror a lot of the time.  I feel that I will go to hell for never surrendering to Jesus or whatever, and on top of all this, I'm gay.  I don't apologize for it, don't intend to, and have known it since I was six or seven.  So that's a real wrench in the works (my family also does not approve of homosexuality AT ALL if you haven't guessed).  Because of all that I have mentioned, I often feel like the ultimate outsider and find myself unable to relate to most people.  I do not feel that I have lived the life that most people have lived or will live, and I feel like there must be an easier way to go about living as a humanist or what have you, but I don't know of one yet other than to constantly be on high alert.  I'm tired of this pattern!  I want to feel like I'm a part of this world for once!  Even though it's kind of too late to an extent (as ¼ of my life is statistically already over).
Can someone with some sense in their head (and with a graceful tongue) please help me before I lose control completely!  Btw I'm also into cutting if anyone cares.  Sincerely, Eric