I still dont want to give up, but ive lost everythingHi, im sorry to have a pity party but Im at a loss and I will try to make this quick
Background I am 21 years old and mentally ill to the point of disability. Im really traumatized and was sexually and physically abused by caregivers as a child and have DID from it all. That disorder is really debilitating and I cant sleep at night, I have panic attacks for hours a day and lose so much time. I had to drop out of school after 3 tries because I cant learn or focus, I cant work because I kept losing it Really Bad on the job and have no skills and cant stabilize or learn to do anything. 
I feel bad for saying i cant i cant i cant but i have been trying for so many years. I crash and burn each time, but every morning i pick myself up dust myself off and act like today im going to succeed. and i believe it. But I cant

You can skil all this ifyou want it got too long because i started getting scrambled ill put a tldr

But I cant think straight ever, I cant remember anything, I have no self soothing skills and if i get triggered, thats it. I try to find hobbies even, I read and draw and I try to write too, but I can hardly do anything for fun because of my symptoms. Like I said I had to apply for disability because I just cant work anymore, It makes me depressed knowing I had dreams and was going to college even though I dropped out of high school, and had to quit too. I cant barely talk to other people. I live with ny grandmother now but Im like a stray animal and panic whever anyone talks to me. Im in an extremely regressive and sorry state. 

I used to if nothing else have active friendships. They were all online but I tried to be a support for people if i couldnt for myself, and just try to be positive for others, but i crashed and burned so bad. I cant calm down. I feel like they all hate me. Im practically living in a world where everyone is my abusers to me and I cant tell the difference. Partly because I cant think clearly enough to. 

I have had to cut corners and do less and less until now I feel like im a single celled organism. just making words takes every last ounce of strength to me. Nothing makes me happy and I feel like im going nowhere not because I dont have the drive, but because I dont have the ability. 

Every day i tell myself todays the day, I started exercizing, I set goals, I planned projects, back when I worked I set my hours "managably" and thinking about "going back to school" to "have any kind of career" like my mom used to want for me overwhelms me because I jsut cant process any of it. 

The worst part is i dont want this. I make a concerted effort with the tools I have every day. I try to reach out. I try to go ride my bike. I try to work on art. I try to read something. But my brain wont cooperate. I am not even me most of the time anymore. Its frustrating because I want to control it. I dont want to be defeated by it. I want things but I can never have then no matter how much I psyche myself up. I dont know how im going to get better. 

Im so agitated right now i just feel like im going to faint. I got out of the crisis stabilization unit yesterday and i feel almost worse than when i went in. Ive been to inpatient earlier this year and there again in the years before. Im in therapy. I try hard to make sure I talk about things but I cant rememeber and im making no progress and I just feel like im failing. I cant do the simplest of things

Im like mentally a child, even my mom recognizes this, and she gave up pushing me to succeed. My sister was spared due to her age and now shes successful and graduating high school going onto college in the medical field. And im braindead. I dont know whats wrong with me and why Im the broken one I dont want to be

I cantvtalk to my friends without having mental breakdowns for months. My best friend ever left me a week or two ago.  No one else really wants to be around me because im unstable. and i could not hold a meaningful conversation if i wanted to. Im jsut frozen and terrified and exhausted. 

The only coping skills i had were dissociation but now the rest of my coping failures growing up the seams are really showing. You would think I was still in that place by how bad im doing. I dont know what to do

TLDR 
Im extremely broken but i dont want to be and my own brain wont cooperate with me no matter how much i want just simple things and im going nowhere in life and i feel guilty for giving up and i dont want to give up theres things i want to achieve and things i wantbto experience but that i simply can never  no matter how hard i try and i feel hopeless. Ive completely fallen apart and am in a very regressive state. The worst ive been since i was a child. I dont want to die but i feel like im going nowhere fast and i dont know how to come to terms with that im never going to succeed and im juat not getting better even when i do all the things im supposed to be trying to heal. I dont wantbto give up but im at the end of my rope. I dont want to die but its all thats left for me 

Im sorry i dont have a question to ask at the end of this, that might make it easier to respond, you dont have to, its kind of selfish for me to post this anyway. I only think about myself