Passed the Pain Threshold- Time to DieThere is only so much you can take and I have had enough.

They say wait three days before you take action- I've waited 3 months and feel surer than ever.

A woman told me my Life has no joy and she was right- it's just a series of problems and defeats.

Severas years ago my Mother died and as my main emotional support it left me very alone. No close family; I have friends but recently have really withdrawn from them.
A girl whose affections I declined at my previous work (I'd had a previous bad experience getting involved with a colleague) made my Life Hell and I had to leave.

But I fought back, got back into a good paying enjoyable Government job with a manager who really likes me (he interviewed me) and managers, colleagues, canteen staff and even the cleaners seem to like me.

But how it all has went wrong sums up my life.

When I started a much younger girl, call her M, made it very clear she was interested and acted up around me, glancing, smiling, exaggerated behaviour, the works. much as I liked this my previous experience at work made me keep my distance and, TBH, her prettiness and perkyness intimidated me a little. So I avoided interaction for a few months.

You can probably guess where this is going: I ended up working beside her and after a few awkward days we got talking and got on very well- similar tastes in Art &amp; Literature and we recommended things to each other. She was seeing someone else at work for a month before I arrived.
And I developed a crush.

Shortly after I was going though another dark period and took a month off with depression- being told she was leaving didn't help. I ended up back on medication and returned.
Turns out she hadn't moved (office mix up) but was moving in with her boyfriend. Things somehow lost the momentum and we went back to being slightly awkward with each other. Not in a bad way, just that somehow it felt odd, and a little forced.
I came in one day and we both looked at each other and.. 'startled'? It was just..odd. she said hello, I said hello and we walked on. It was genuinely strange and hard to explain. We never spoke again as shortlyn after she went to train others.

And the medication doesn't stop the feelings of pointlessness in my life. 

I managed to import N. via the Internet as I spent a lot of my time off researching how to exit this life.

So to cut a long story short a office reshuffle means she is moving now, and what happened Friday really affected my self image.

At the end of the day (I'm usually last to leave) she came back up, probably to check her desk items had been moved, and was saying her flamboyant goodbyes to the last two managers left. I was coming out of the kitchen and asked her how she enjoyed the training; she simply said 'great', didn't make eye contact or even stop walking whilst focusing on the other two.

I left about five minutes later as she was standing at another door 30 yards away on her phone, waiting probably on her boyfriend.
She looked up, saw me, turned her back and continued texting.

And that's when I realised- I've become a sad middle aged creeper. That odd guy who unnerves younger women. Really pathetic and sad.

I said nothing and just walked on as I didn't want to upset her in any way. She'd said enough without a word.

And it's made me realise the state my life is in- it's disastrous on relationships. My best female friend offered me a 'friends with benefits' situation. She is fun, attractive and Sexy but I know it's because she feels she can't get better.

So I repulse younger women and incite pity in older ones.

This weekend has been joyless and I see only one way out. Thank God I got the N- I just need some peach as at 46 I just can't cope with this terrible hopeless position.ī