Some problems can’t be talked out of.I reached the end a few years ago. I’ve been hanging out and waiting for the courage to kill myself but I’ve never been able to even in the most intense periods of pain. I wish I was stronger. There have been so many moments in my life where I wanted to kill myself but didn’t, and I’m looking back and wishing I had the strength then to just get it done with. Life has been very negative as long as I can remember and once puberty hit and it became obvious where I was in the hierarchy life has been bleaker than bleak. It took me a while to realize it, everyone says I need to love myself but my entire life has been a drawn out process of losing any self-love through the realization that I’m a failure of a human being. My body could not be much worse, like literally if you listed what not to include in a human body of my gender you would have a description of me. And people do care about that, they think I’m mentally disabled or an idiot, and maybe I am. My entire life has been the slow realization that seeing myself positively is a lie, you don’t forget that smug smirk in another person’s face, especially once you’ve seen it hundreds if not thousands of times.

There is nothing to look forward to, the only things I wanted and looked forward to are apparently too difficult for me to achieve, things like physical love and being touched positively. How sad is that?  There are teenagers more accomplished than me in junior high, and all the abstract things like degrees don’t matter compared to the basic facts of life.

The fact is I was born a loser and I will die a loser and every time I’ve tried to change that has been a humiliating experience of being put in my place. My family has blown me off for decades and my friends stole from me and talk shit, so I don’t really have any friends. I’ve never experienced love, and for a long time, that was what kept me going. And I did everything in the name of being good enough, but the truth is that being good enough has NOTHING to do with being good enough.

Days like today I just exist. There is nothing to look forward to, anything to work toward is a distraction and a lie, but I can’t quite get myself to buy the gun yet. Can you help me get there?