My life feels like it’s falling apart.My name is Jacob. I graduated college in the spring without a job or a place to live due to medical/mental health stuff getting in the way of recruiting. I found a job in my home town and live with my parents, but I have no one to talk to and support me. 

I met a girl that developed into a long-distance relationship. She was the first person in my life that I truly felt comfortable around and could be myself. I could wear piercings, express my bisexual side, and felt so content with who I was. A few weeks ago she stopped texting me as much and was much less responsive. It felt like things were falling apart but when I brought it up she said she was just stressed with college and life. We had a weekend planned together and last night she texted me and told me we are over. I no longer have anyone in my life that I can talk to or support me, and because of previous relationships where I’ve been raped, abused, I don’t think I am capable of letting anyone else close to me. 

My job isn’t something I enjoy. It barely pays the bills and doesn’t push me. I’m from a top university and all of my peers are making so much money with jobs they love and seem so fucking happy. I don’t have anything anymore that will motivate me to get out of bed in the morning. I don’t have anyone. I am no longer comfortable expressing myself. I removed my piercings, pride stickers, art, and everything on my Instagram. Nothing has brought me joy in the past year that used to: games, movies, photography, art, music, nothing. My life has been spiraling again for the past two years, and this was kind of the final straw. I’ve been telling myself that life will get better. But it doesn’t feel like it. 

I tried to drive off a bridge today and stopped myself before calling a suicide hotline. I want to go to therapy, but I don’t want to live forever. I am not capable of letting another person get as close to me as she was. Before I met her, I decided I’m going to give it one last go with someone I develop that much trust in. I’ve been hurt so much by people I trusted (rape, physical/mental abuse, ghosting, theft, drugging, blackmail, etc.) and I can’t put myself through it again. Being alone sucks and I feel like I am unloveable and unwantable. I’m lost and don’t really want to be here anymore.