My apartment complex killed almost all of my pet fish. I'm miserable now. I was already thinking about it, but now I definitely am.I came home 2 days ago to find that they had sprayed my apartment with pesticides and it killed nearly all of my pet fish. They were my pets, basically my only friends here. I haven't gone more than 2 hours without crying about losing all of them in the last few days and I'm a full grown man in my mid 20s.

They came into my home and killed my pets. I want to go rip their arms off and beat the life out of whoever did this with their own disembodied arms. 

I had basically nothing here except for my fish. But they came j. And sprayed pesticide everywhere which killed almost every single fish I had. I'm miserable. I'm sad. I'm unhappy. I'm vengeful. If I talk myself out of what I'm thinking about right now, I'll be taking them to court. 

But I'm heartbroken. They killed my pets. Several of which are irreplaceable and don't have a cash value becaus they took me months to find someone that could get the fish and import or to me.  I spent over 2 months and $400 to get ONE fish and these fucktards killed him in the one hour I was not home, along with about 20 other fish that I loved. I want to go find the person who did it, tear their arms off, and beat the ever loving shit out of them. 


Honestly those fish were all that I had here. Now that they have been killed i have been contemplating the same. I know it sounds sad but they were my only real "friends" here. They were what made me get up in the morning, to feed them and take care of them 

And these fuckheads killed nearly all of my pets and say they have nothing to do with it. I want to take them to court. But I also want to go grab my 9mm and not have to deal with this anymore.

I'm past being heartbroken. I was already depressed, unhappy with my life, and those fish were what I still had tying me to reality. Now that some fuckhead has poisoned and killed them all Im a lot less hesitant to go get my Sig 9mm and be done with it. 

But I don't want my family to have to go through all of that, so I don't know what to do anymore. 

I just know I don't want to have to do this anymore. I hate being here and I can't think of one single place that I would actually be happy. But I don't want to put my family through what would happen if I went through with it. 

I don't know what to do. I hate my life. I don't want it anymore. But I don't want anyone else to have to deal with the repercussions of ending it. 
