Long story, please read and comment.   I have been feeling extremely suicidal as of late, to a degree where I now dream of all the possible ways to end it, I typically dream of my old apartment building and jumping off of the pool deck on the top floor. I have lost a lot of things in my life and I have struggled with a lot and I just don't have the strength anymore. Back story follows:

   I was born into a loving family, a terrific father, a loving mother and my older siblings and twin brother. Well, my father found out that my mother was an alcoholic who would drink incessantly, and it didn't get this way until my older brother's drug problem started getting worse. Well, after my father begged my mother to stop time and time again, he decided he had enough and when I was 4 my dad left my mum turning her occasional drinking into incessant drinking. My twin and I had to live with my alcoholic mother and did all of our lives, and the drinking never stopped.

   1-2 years after my father leaves, my older brother dies of a drug overdose, and this makes the already bad drinking, into a horrible habit starting as early as 6 or 7 in the morning and being smashed by 8. I didn't know that my mum was the way she was until about 6th grade. I entered middle school a fat loser, because I had no friends from trying to care for my mum who always told me she was "sick". Well, I entered and was made fun of all the time for my ears, which were a bit large for my head at the time (I have since grown into them). I was bullied at school and came home to be bullied by my mother and if I was lucky I would have dinner, typically I only had breakfast because we had no money for lunch and I could have some bread for breakfast.
   
   As the years passed, the drinking became worse and in 8th, and 9th grade I attempted suicide a few times, not really sure how to actually end it. Each attempt failed, obviously, and each time it angered my mum, but we never got me help from the quack. I was never diagnosed with depression, which I knew I was depressed, and we never did anything about my urge to kill myself. In my sophomore year I met a girl I thought I "loved'. The relationship was great at first, sex all the time and worries later. I had never been in a real relationship, so I thought this was how it worked. We had sex all day, every day. She was a year older than me, so when she left for college things became a bit rocky, and I wasn't stable enough to deal with it at the time. Shit went downhill and we broke up a few times and eventually went on a break around Halloween time in 2009.
  
   It was on this break that I met the girl of my dreams. It was at my friends birthday party, whose birthday rests on Halloween. We met up and I was absolutely blown away by how unbelievably beautiful she was. We began talking and we had interests in the same bands, the same way of thinking, the same type of humor. We had a blast that night, and we flirted, cuddled and *ALMOST* kissed, but I realized that would probably be in poor taste. Y'see, my ex, the one who said we should take a break, never actually "broke up" with me, she only said we should be distant for a bit, not that we are broken up, so I felt really guilty about everything I had done with this amazing girl who we will call "Jill". I couldn't confess to Jill what I was thinking, I was too scared and pathetic to do so, so I broke ties with her. Well, I found out my ex was fucking a lot of other guys AFTER telling her about Jill and her being pissed at me for even having had feelings for other girls. Eventually, the bitch ex and I break up and within two weeks, Jill and I start dating.

   Jill blew my mind every single day with how fantastic she was, she was funny, witty, extremely smart, and exceptionally beautiful. I woke up every day and realized I have something worth living for now. We were happy all the time, and within a month I told her I love her, and she said she loves me too, that I am the most amazing person she has ever met in her life. I was head-over-heels for her, every day was fantastic because she existed in my life, and every day was great despite all my other problems, because in my life problems don't escape me. Well, about a month ago she dumped me because she didn't want to be tied down for the time, and the shitty thing was I was going to propose in a few short months, 11/11/11 to be exact. I know it is corny, but I was going to surprise her at her college and find her, in class or wherever, and just kneel down and straight up propose to the girl of my dreams, my soulmate if you will. Well, after she left I realized how bad my problems really are and how much worse things are getting now that I have put them on the backburner. 

   My debt for school is mounting ever higher, and I don't know how to take care of it. My college fund has been drained almost entirely and I failed two of my courses this past quarter, because Jill dumped me and because I was terribly sick for a month. Well, I have to wait another 6 months to take them again, and I don't know what to do. My mother is kicking me out because of my "bitter mood", even though I don't say a thing to her, she also let me know that I am a loser who has done nothing with his life and fucked up the only job I had. My Dad is breaking his back to help pay for school, and because of my commute and the hours the schools have I can't get a job, no one in my area will take on someone who can't even guarantee weekends. I am not into drinking or doing drugs because of everything that has happened in my life, and because my family obviously has a problem with addictions (aunt is a drug addict, grandma was too, another aunt was also a drug addict).

   My problem is this: I have spent so much of my life in denial, that now all the deck is stacked against me. I have go to a school that I hate, doing a major I despise, and the college won't let me transfer about 98% of my credits, and I have no money to start fresh somewhere else. My mother has slipped back into her old demonishing state where she lets me know everyday what I am doing wrong and won't let me stand up for myself. My ex Jill is extremely happy now that we are broken up, guys are constantly flirting with her on her page on facebook and constantly trying to hang out with her, and none of my friends even give enough of a damn to call or ask me to hang out. I have been strong my whole life, dealing with my mother and having to take care of her and sacrificing my own personal life to make sure she doesn't fall down the stairs in a drunken stupor and get herself killed. I was strong when my twin got into a car accident that almost killed him, and I was strong when my twin decided to start drinking like my mum does. My mum is clean now, but she still abuses the fuck out of me, and I can't be strong anymore. Jill tells me she loves me, that she wants to get back together someday because she sees me as her soulmate, but I don't think I can just "get better" and not be sad about what she did to me. I don't know what to do anymore, I don't even remember what else I should put on here because there were so many problems in my life. Please, I need some advice. I dream about killing myself every single night, and all day every day I can't help but imagine how much better life would be without me being alive. I daydream about my Jill being happy with everyone else and not caring about me anymore. I don't get any support from my friends, my dad tells me that I can't dwell on things, and my brother would never understand. The only person who does understand is my female friend who lives in Canada. I am literally on the edge right now, and I am so close to just ending it all and calling it quits. Please, I need some advice.

TL;DR: My life sucks, my mother was an abusive alcoholic who wouldn't feed me for days at a time, my father was never there because my mother wouldn't let him, my brother took up drinking, one of my older brothers died of a drug overdose, I have no aspirations and no plan for a future and the only future I saw myself having walked out on me because she didn't want to be tied down right now. I am on the verge of killing myself and need some advice, otherwise I will just go through with it.