What should I do?Since a few years, I've been very suicidal, but still too scared to actually kill myself. Anyway, there's a very long story for that, but this is not the point here.

Recently, I've somehow managed to tell my mom about it because I thought maybe I'd get better if I got some professional help. So me and my mom booked a visit at a psychotherapist's.

It had to begin in two days, but obviously something had to go wrong. I don't really want to go into details because it's a very personal thing but in general: My dad got to know about it, and immediately started persuading me and my mom to cancel it. He said they'd sign me up again after half a year if it doesn't get better till then. 

But I know it wouldn't since it's been like this for so many years, I just feel so hopeless so I didn't want to agree on canceling it. But he just kept on insisting so... I finally said something like "you know, the funeral is gonna be more expensive" because I thought he didn't want me to go there because of money...

And there it all began. He started insulting and screaming that I'm blackmailing them, that if I don't like something I should just fuck off, that I just want to scare them with the police...(?????) And that I'm just making up things and that I don't actually have any problems. And then I understood, all he cares about is not to have any problems with the police because of me... A little later he also said that if I want to do it, I should wait till I turn 18 and move out, so I won't cause any problems.

Then somehow my mom joined him in insulting me.. it lasted so long, I could hear them talking very loudly and sometimes yelling that they probably gave me too much(.......no), that it's all probably because of the internet... I couldn't bear it, I started to panic so much, crying, screaming, just couldn't stop it, I wasn't doing it on purpose... But they just told me to stop...

After some time of this huge shit, they started telling me things like don't worry, we love you etc... I calmed down a little, but after some time I still could hear them talking in a different room about how cruel I am.

There's so much stuff I didn't mention about, but it's just so scary to me, hope it's enough for you to understand my situation at least a little...

And well, in the end I canceled the visit. So back to feeling totally hopeless... 

Sorry if it's not quite understandable, English is my second language, and I'm typing it still shocked...