17, Balding, want to die.I've never really been a very happy person. I've gone in waves of severely depressed and severe anxiety, to emotionless, to the closest I've been to normal in years, just to go back to being horribly depressed and anxious again. I lost a ton of weight. I was finally starting to be happy with myself. ~130 pounds in 6 months. Was it too much in too little time? Yea probably. But I was finally starting to be happy with my body. Then I realize my hair is thinning and receding. For months, I would take 3 out of 5 days off of school a week or more because I couldn't bring myself to get out of bed because of how worthless I felt. I feel like I'm inferior because of my hair. My fucking hair. A lot of people in my place are worried they'll never have a girlfriend or whatever. I have a girlfriend, whom I love and she loves me (I'm sure you've heard that story from a 17 year old plenty of times). Despite my worries of my hair, she says that even if I was bald, she wouldn't care. That should make me feel better, right? Well, of course, no. I started going to a psychologist a few months ago. I thought it was helping until I fell right back in to the way I was. I have an appointment with a psychiatrist so I can get on medication, but, if I'm honest, I really don't want medication. I just don't understand why this had to happen to me, and at such a young age. I'm 17 and I'm dealing with a problem that should at the very least start in your late 20s. My hair was one thing I had confidence in ever since I started caring about my appearance. Even before I lost weight, it was one thing I always liked. Now it's going away. I've thought about suicide quite a few times during this. The thought that I haven't been anything close to happy in 6 months just drives me even closer. I have so much more I want to say, but I just don't know how to express it. I'm sure this just seems like some shitty call for attention from a teenager, but I can't, or I don't want to handle it anymore. My family knows about it. They know how depressed and anxious I am, and they've tried to help but nothing really works.