Getting awayFor the past month or so, I've been extremely depressed, having constant thoughts about hopelessness and suicide.  This mostly stems from a feeling of laziness and lack of motivation to find a job (therefore, running out of money).  

---
[Tangent]  Yesterday brought a reminder of that, as I had nothing to give to my family.  I received almost enough money for one month of rent from them, plus a few other things. I didn't get them anything in return.  I felt extremely bad about that.

----

Despite the "depression flareups", I'm starting to feel better.  At least I feel better today.  It might be the new medicine I was recently prescribed in addition to everything else I'm taking, or just a desire not to die.

My thoughts of suicide have begun to be replaced with thoughts of getting away.  I don't have much money left, and am still horribly pessimistic about finding a job before it dwindles down to nothing.  This leaves me considering a way to hitchhike across the U.S., or something of that nature.  I'm at the point where I see I would have nothing to lose, since I was planning on killing myself anyway.  Plus, it's very likely I won't have found a job in time before I'm completely broke.

Now I have to ask myself how I can do it.  I really have no clue.  I don't have a vehicle, so I'd be left to hitchhike.  I'd have to worry about finding a place to stay for a night, food, laundry, showering, and so forth.  I'm not optimistic about these survival skills.  I'd also have to worry about medication.  If it is beginning to work more, how could I stay prescribed and maintain access to it (especially since I get it free right now)?

These are just random thoughts that have popped into my head.  I am generally feeling better-ish at times.  I'm still very depressed and suicidal periodically, but at least I have brief moments like right now where I'm feeling good.  I even found myself organizing one of the cabinets in the kitchen this morning.  That probably is the vyvanse kicking in, though.