LonelyLol, so I feel like this subreddits top contributor. 

I mean - obviously I'm not but, you know, levity(?).

My boyfriend is gone until this afternoon, but he left me alone in his house. All alone in his big ass house. With alcohol, and a lot of doors, and a lot of belts, and I see little reason to not kill myself right there. It's cloudy and wet outside, I don't know when he's getting back but it won't be any sooner than it'll take me to die. I have a lot of work due tomorrow and next week that I haven't done and don't care to do. 

He's my only friend here. I called my best friend back home but I'm so not used to talking about my feelings so it wasn't much of a conversation. I tried to call my parents but they won't pick up any phone. I don't want to bother my little brother. I'm alone and lonely in this world. I used to have friends, but not anymore: they either stabbed me in the back and my boyfriend all but forced me away from them, or I forced them away. Outside of that, my therapist canceled on me with no warning or explanation. I have an email to reschedule soon but I don't want to. She doesn't help. 

I'm in the process of crafting suicide notes. There's only one right now: A WIP to my boyfriend because he's all I have. I  know he'll be angry at me forever maybe, but I'd rather he be angry at me and I'm gone than angry at me, and I'm here, and he hates me,

I'm a little scared to die. I think it's mainly the idea of surviving with MORE brain damage. Surviving at all. We have XTC and I might try to OD on that.

I am also a little disappointed that I can't stay and watch as people find me from a sort of spectator view, see how things play out, see how my death affects others. I just want to affect others. But I know that I won't be able to see any of that, even though I've been imagining that since I was a kid. I haven't fully planned my funeral but I've been saying for years: dump me in the ocean, dump me in the woods. Dump me anywhere. I won't need my body anymore.

I just miss the hospital. The friendliness and kindness and comfort of the hospital, even if I was in pain and couldn't walk. Getting myself hit by a car was originally my suicide plan, then it happened by accident years later and I didn't die. I just live and suffer.

I used to be extroverted to some extent, but I'm not anymore. Now I just sleep and cry, and ask why me.