This May Be ItI don't want to sound like a whiny little teenage fuck. I don't want sympathy for anything. I just want to be heard even if no one shows up. Sorry if I sound like some neck beard white knight. I don't mean to be. 

I fucking had an amazing girlfriend. She loved all the things I loved. She loved how I was a dedicated to technology (I work for a big tech support company) and I would tell her all the times I would have shitty clients, etc. Then a week ago things went fast - too fast. This girl has never had an actual boyfriend before. She poured her heart out to me. I fucking loved her. And she was attached to me. But then that night in my car, we went "too fast too soon" for her. She broke it off. She said she wasn't "made for relationships". Wtf kind of shit is that. I've heard her saying how she felt like I was using her. That's where things get just... I don't even know. Reddit, I loved this girl. I cared for her when she was sick. I brought her flowers when she was having a bad week. I even bought two spots for a mani and pedi for Valentine's Day. (If anyone is interested, they are yours lol) I cared for this girl like I never had before and she tore my fucking heart out. Yes, I've heard the "there are plenty of girls" out there and "she's just not the one" speeches. I get it. And you're probably right. But here is what I don't get. 

Why do we spend our entire lives trying to do good?

We are constantly thrown down in life. I'm going to be going to college in the next 6 months. I have small scholarships because I am somewhat academically good, but the debt I face is stupendous. I just don't see that light at the end of the tunnel. Again, I wouldn't kill myself over a girl, but her breaking up made me realize she was the only happiness I carried in life. I have amazing friends and family and would do anything for them. But I just don't want to put on the fake smile everyday and pretend to be something I'm not. I can't deal with this anymore. I've been thinking this way for several days now. I'm on antidepressants and ADHD meds, but in this state of mind, they do nothing. I just want to find that happiness, that meaning. Give me a reason before I punch out and call it a day. 