Its my birthday not a happy one, i just want to dieToday is my birthday since was six i was happy with my mum and dad going to the beach fishing riding around then he left my mum for a witch of a woman who tormented me she forced my father to not talk to me. I grew up alone with my mum she was always crying sad in her room i didn't see her much so i was alone at school i lost my  will to learn i didn't have much friends i  was one of the geeky bunch. Got bullied by the cool kids I'm not the kind of person that likes hurting others so i kept everything in I didn't cry i hid all my pain i pretended my dad leaving didn't hurt me soon when i was nine my mum had a new men i was a cool guy and we moved to my grandparents house. My grandfather was always drunk yelling and fighting and my grandmas brother was handicapped she took care of him. Soon my mum built a house next to my grandparents house but i stayed with  them. Later i got a lil brother we played and flight a lot normal stuff but when i was 17 my mother kicked out my step father because she discovered he was on cocaine. My brother cried everyday he got angry impulses i tried to talk to him but he got distant. Later my grandmother lost her ability  to speak later the docter said she has a rear illness called motonuron i think so slowly she got weak she got a few stroks that messed her up more. But my grandfather always came home drunk yelling wheres the food why have you not done that. My mother got mad one day and faught with my grandfather i had to break up the fight. My grandma got worst i started smoking started with cigarettes now weed. Then i started work nothing really changed my grandma and great uncle got a carer but everyday before work i made there food took them off the bed and placed them inn there wheelchairs made tea and every night gave them there medicine showered them and put them to bed my mum helped a bit but i did most of it. Everyday my grandma got worst she could not move her legs she could not move her hands until last month she died it really messed me up i was taking care off her all night when she was close to death i called my mother we talked to her and said our final goodbyes..i cryed so much it hurt me i called everyone they came running. My brother cried itwas so fucking sad. I visited her grave yesterday...i really dont want to live anymore i wanna die i want everything to end. I feel like no one even cares about me.