Tonight might be the nightI've been battling something recently that I think is an intestinal parasite but it also exists in my clothes and I can feel it crawling around on the surface if my skin. Everyone I go to about this (what appears to be obvious madness) just shrugs me off like I'm crazy. I'm homeless and losing my fucking mind because on top of being at the lowest point I've ever been emotionally I'm lethally depressed and I really just need someone to take me seriously and nobody does. Everyone gives me the "you're a crazy bum and I need to get away from you" nod/smile.

Last night I was asked not to come back to the only place in town I found was relatively comfortable where I could charge my shitty devices to survive the shitty lonely nights spent in abandoned buildings. That morning I shit out a worm which confirmed my suspicions that something has invaded me but did nothing to relieve the psychotic desperate alone feeling that whatever is going on had left me with.

I have a deeply rooted terror of hospitals. I went to the ER last week and they didn't take me seriously at all, no request for a stool sample or even a skin scrape. Late last night I felt the fucking creepy crawlies wandering around on my hands and feet and observed that the skin looked dirty and grey -- not that out of the ordinary for someone who walks 2 miles to bathe but since I was already clean I didn't get why this was the case and I wondered if it was related. So I took out my knife and peeled off the top layer or two of skin and today I actually feel a lot better. I don't even know how to explain that to another person or especially a medical professional without being immediately tagged as crazy. Maybe I am and maybe this is my body and mind telling me that I'm not ok but I really have no desire to be put in the psyche ward. I've been before for depression and anxiety and it never really helps, it just perpetuates this miserable cycle and tricks a damaged person into thinking they're on the way to wellness. 

I don't know what I'm going to do but I spent my last 3 bucks on some whiskey and I'm sitting on a street corner to get WiFi because nobody, no person or business, wants me hanging around anymore. I'm totally alone and totally done being totally alone and while I don't at this moment presently have the balls to finish myself off I am hoping that by the time I finish this pathetic little bottle that limitation will be in my rear view... With everything else.