Anonymous confession to the wall.This account has very little attaching to me. I have an actual account. But this post I hope dies.


I'll explain the account name, I have a dark sense of humor, I love cats and I am 22. None of this matters but if you can somehow know who I am, just forget me. I am not worth your time remember.


 I never planned to live this far. My plan was 18. I wanted to take my life for the first time when I was 4. Its my earliest solid memory, not the one I tell people is my earliest memory that one was one that my mother told me about so it just hold well with everyone else. God knows my actual memory is me hitting my head violently against the wall. I hit my head until it bleed once, but I stopped because I feared my mother would be upset that her kid would die. I stopped because regardless of the lack of empathy I feel for myself; I still feel it for others. I just look in the mirror and see some kid who doesn't matter. I could go into why I don't matter but that just seems to be my issue and could get me linked to who I am.


As one might guess I ended up not dying at four my mother was able to get me a little help from someplace that didn't seem to get that I barely spoke after my dad died. They told me to stop keeping my negative emotions to myself or to stop bottling them up as one of them said and rang through the walls through my mothers house every time I wouldn't talk to her.


I tried to help myself but I found it easier to hide those negative emotions because I was still having the good ones sometimes not like the bad ones didn't just wave sign that said "I'm still here!" So I got better, I hid those emotions further. I ended up studying other people who seemed to be normal, taking pieces from this person and that person until I made a person so fake that no one knew what I was actually feeling. No one knows or people just think I am just a little "quirky" but always so happy and a bundle of joy. No one sees this force that keeps me here or the force that keeps me thinking about ending it the same way each time. 


This part of me that both pulls and pushes me to and from the edge leaves me hanging, because I failed life, I spent my school years educating myself to the point where I was able to go to college around the same time I could first drive for the only reason of living to my families expectations. Until I die I get to keep lying to people to let them have a nice life and not worry about me while I continue pretending to be happy and always wishing that I would just die from a heart attack so didn't look like I killed myself.


TL;DR? I would avoid any profession that requires reading. 

