Off my chestI think I deserve to be miserable so I set up my mind achieve that. I think that my life is so complicated and full of bad experiences but the truth is it has always been just a normal life. It seems like everything I struggled with, my personal battle was just in my mind.

I never had true friends, because I don't wanted to. I always betrayed them. I am extremely self centered and selfish and totally am aware of that, I am what other people call a "shitty person'. The one that calls only when she needs a friend, the one that people wants to forget or has forgotten about already. I am the outsider. The one that could never connect. My life is not interesting, my point of view is not either, what I speak nobody cares. I am more of a subordinate person. The one that follows, I am not happy with it. I always make storms in a glass of water. But it will always stay within me the remorse for the time I've lost, the time I wasted, with my imagination, those imaginary things like feeling that nobody wants me, that I am too cringey, that everyone is mad at me. And the time lost thinking and coping with actual horrible events that happened to me. And that I don't want to be responsible for. I didn't ask for it. I did not ask to be abused. I did not decide to live with an enemy under the same roof. It was brought there by someone I thought that cared for me. I fixed my self on "hating until it consumes me". I will hate as much as I can. Is that what I had to do? I allowed myself to feel and process all the anger. Is it not that what everybody advices? That silent rage consumed me inside. From morning to night and even in my nightmares. Such a small event has consumed a decade of my life. With obsessive thoughts.

Sometimes when I think of ending my life I just think that in a few days I will just regret having wasted such time thinking about suicide just to end up not doing it, and instead I could have done something productive. I get so confused, should I strive to succeed or should I just end it all.  In the morning I should be able to stand and do the things I am intended to do but instead 6 hours can pass by doing nothing.

Hours of work seem like a lot of time, like I can work on a lot of creative stuff with that time and the ideas wander in my mind but as soon as I get the chance to do them the ideas just vanish. I don't see any motivation to continue being a human. Sometimes I wish I was a bird. There was a time I would sob just watching a stray dog being saved from the streets. Because I so much wished someone will come and save me. I was really extremely sad and fearful of the uncertainty of not finding a place for myself in this world. At least a routine and a roof. And sometimes I feel so much rage, I remind myself sometimes that I have lost my dignity, and remember so many times that I was humilliated, all the times I cringed at myself, the mistakes I made and really wish I could just go mad. Crazy mad, loose my mind, and being taken care of because I don't want to be responsible of my life, I don't want to be a human and I think that if I don't want then I don't have to do it. But being alive is not really a decision. Of course I could just kill myself if I had the guts. Anyone can do it, I don't really want to do it but also I don't want to live my adult life, I don't want to be responsible but also I don't want the consequences of that. I want to be taken care of and having 24/7 free time. Of course I don't really want to be a pet, but I kind of wish it was that easy.

I wish everything was easy, it is so unfair because I asked for help earlier years ago, much earlier when I thought is late but I can still manage to make it better with some help. Just one year ago there was still a hope to make it better, but I think is over now, I think is also over for me and my career.  I became everything I used to hate. Is settled now. I could feel how hope was just burning down to ashes within. In the past I could  also feel I was burning in rage and used to feed that fire. Pursposedly and confident about it because I was entitled to it, I owed it to myself to not forget. I remember all the things they said to me, that I would not reach anywhere in life, that my questions are the most stupidest thing, by a teacher indeed. I remember right in front of my eyes other people being taken cared after, but nobody noticed me. Back then it did not affect me, but I noticed. I didn't have to be there in that particular school. I didn't belong there, with those wealthy people. And it wouldn't have happened if in the first place my mother wouldn't have stayed with that stranger. Why a stranger had to define my life.. someone I didn't choose. I chose my lovers. I can accept those consequences. I have no bad feelings for them, but why a complete stranger had to have power over me and make me feel humilliated and powerless.     

One brick pushes the other. I wasted my life on hating til it consumes me, I hated myself for wasting that time, while still being compasionate to myself knowing that I didn't know better, and that I actually had the right to hate them. I was entitled to my emotions no? And with all that hate and the worries I was aged, I saw my face changing through the whole process, so much stress, not taking care of my health, and that brought even more insecurities and fear of the future. Fearing of a disease. At some point in my life I could realize how I was becoming mentally impaired. I could not think straight, or focus. I also filled my mind with hate, all those memories are fixed in my neurons, the same memory taking all over my brain, I cannot even think back to when I was younger because it hurts. I block them, block the music I listened back then, everything related so that I don't have to think of someone so disgusting, sometimes I wish I could recall my dreams but when I try it is always nightmares. And finally with all that hate I could have filled my mind with things I actually wanted, but didn't know I wanted since I was just focused on hating. And now I feel like I am expected to forget everything and look at the positive picture. At the very end of all that mess, all I wanted was to at least be able to talk it through. Do it just before it settles wrong in my mind, just like a stretch mark when is red and you take care of it before it gets set forever. But I don't think anybody was listening. I even tried with my mother, even though we were never emotionally open to each other not a bit. And she didn't feel the same rage as me. Nobody felt the same rage as me.             

I could have focused on any other issues like being a better friend, I would have filled that space of course differently like someone who didn't go through that. I really wish I could just be heartbroken, of course it would hurt as hell, but it would be something I can realate to with others, I have no clue what other things would have filled my mind if it was not that event of my life. But a stranger will not see any of these in me, we all have troubles, all of us. Trying to figure things out. I don't blame them.