I'm a cowardBecause I can't take the leap. I'm standing on the edge here, and I can't do it. I'm scared, because I don't have anything against those around me... I'm grateful to everyone. I'm just a shitty human being and I'm a leech. A drain on everything....  I just want to be something else. Someone more competent, someone better then whoever it is I am, but try as I might success seems out of reach. It's not as though I've accomplished nothing but well the truth is that there is no plus side right? Not here or anywhere else.

Help is too expensive and every day just gets harder and harder... I don't even trust myself anymore. I feel so useless. I wish there was something, anything I could do to not feel useless. But the hardest part is I have some friends who I know like to come to me for advice, some people who even look up to me. I don't know if I'm just worried how they will look at me, but I want to say I know it'll make them sad and I don't know if I can put them through that. And yet here I am... Ready to jump because I can't keep asking for pick me up speeches, or help getting my shit together, and to many I can't even admit that I'm a sad broken shell of a human being. I just want to be more than this. I don't want to die, but I don't want to live. And I guess I just want to say this to someone. Because this shit is really really hard... My life and all of this is really really hard... I'm a shitty human being I think... Really shitty possibly... But I wouldn't even make a good martyr for anything... Maybe go on some kind of hunger strike for something cause why not...but there's nothing there either because I don't care about anything enough...


Please understand that I love everyone and that's why this is so fucking hard... Because in many ways I know you're all struggling... I know we all have problems and I know mine aren't the worst. I know that this means I'm weak. I know that this means I'm worthless. Anyway that's my piece, I'm gonna stand here a bit longer and I'll either take the long way down or the short way, but I'm leaning toward the short way honestly.. Either way I'll see you when I see you... 