I'm thinking about suicide... and it's weird because I feel nothing and I'm entirely numb.  I can't talk to any IRL friends... please if anyone is there to listenso i will try and make this quick.  I know my reasons sound stupid but here they are.  Pretty much, i have lost my friends over this past semester.  it was fine and i dealt with it.  i am right now attempting to finish graduate school.  the fiance of 4 years came to visit me for 10 days, surprise trip, during which time i really couldn't work on finishing my thesis.  day before yesterday he left me because he wanted to experience other people.  i am not mad at him.  But it is very tragic to me as he was my best friend, my lover, my confidant, everything.  and i can not believe it is over.


I feel 0 emotions right now and it's freaking me out.  i am not crying.  i am not mad.  i am not sad.  i am not happy.   i am just devoid of feeling.  i am entirely numb.  and now my advisor is furious at me.  i have no funding remaining, and i can not defend my thesis by my deadline.   i have 12 days to complete and defend my thesis along with my finals that i am trying to study for.


i am sitting here right now entirely numb.  i went to see a counselor today and was numb.  i feel like i am dreaming.  i am contemplating killing myself at this moment as i have absolutely no idea what to do.  i know that sounds stupid.  but essentially my life is crumbling around me.   i am literally just sitting here in a chair for hours reading mathematics.  i feel nothing.


my advisor has recently advised me not to pursue a PhD in mathematics like i had planned.  i fought with him over it, but he assured me i am capable of it, it's just my intentions are wrong and when i thought about it his reasons were correct.  i now have no direction and no idea of the ffuture.  i am a brave person but in all honesty i am scared shitless. i have no one.


Here's the thing.  I have always considered that life is a bit meaningless, we don't have a purpose.  we are just here.  why not now versus later.  the time is irrelevant.  it passes.  i have never legitimately felt like suicide until today.  i don't know what to do