Im in a dying hour - please help (Life story)Hello people, I'm reaching out to anybody who can help me in any way they can. Please bare with my naivety as I don't usually reach out to people at all, let alone online.

&amp;#x200B;

I will try to summarise the hellishness of my life as short and simple as possible. Hopefully some of you can relate to some extent and help me.

I'm a 17 year old guy with depression, anxiety, and stress - all diagnosed as extremely severe.

My mental illness started as my father committed suicide 5 years ago, and has continuously gotten worse over the past 2 years.

I left school in 2017 to be a full time Graphic Designer which was great. I stayed at that job for a year up until 6 months ago when I attempted suicide, and abandoned my job that I was incredibly lucky to have at my age. My boss there treated me better than anyone else has in my life.

For the past 6 months I've been doing absolutely nothing with my life. Just waking up to find myself listening to sad music and annoyed that I have nothing to do, while simultaneously lacking any motivation to get a new job or meet new people.

Im currently on medication for anxiety and depression, but they aren't doing enough. I always find myself in a trance lost in my suicidal thoughts, I always just wonder what it would be like on the other side. Is it better? Is it worse? Is it nothing?  Is it everything? It's extremely luring as I'm naturally a very curious person with those kinds of ideas.

I take drugs like LSD and MDMA pretty often now. I take them with the hopes that one time I may just find or see where my dad went, or has been all these years, and just maybe to find some reason to live. From what I've heard, people have some profound experiences finding what they need in life while they're on those drugs.

Right now I currently have 3 MDMA Pills I plan to take when I finally have the guts to take my own life and plunge to my death off the shopping centre carpark - mainly hoping that the drugs give me the guts to jump that is.

Somebody please help me. I currently live in a state of fearing living more than dying, and I feel like time is running out.

&amp;#x200B;