I just can't go on any moreIt's been four months since my wife left me (for no apparent reason). Our marriage only lasted for three years, but they were the only good years of my life. I've been trying so hard for these past few months, and I've been so sure that if I just stayed positive then eventually I'd start to feel better, but it's only getting worse.

I need her in my life. I have nothing to look forward to any more. Weekends are just a long stretch of loneliness. I've been working hard on bettering myself, working 40 hour weeks and pursuing a master's degree, but what's the point? None of it makes me the least bit happy. And I'm just too goddamn tired after a long week of work and school to get out and try to socialize. Not that I would even know how to do that. Instead I'm stuck in a shitty town that I hate because I moved here to be with her because I thought that if I just tried harder then we could make it work.

I have an almost 6 figure salary, no debt, I'm reasonably attractive, I'm still young-ish (well, under 30...) and on paper it seems like my life couldn't be better. I completely lack large-group social skills, but that's the only thing holding me back. I've tried dating again but despite reasonable success on Tinder I just haven't felt any better. What's the point, anyways? Even if I start another relationship it'll probably just end like my last one did.

I know that I need to find something I like in myself. A reason to keep living that isn't dependent on someone else. But no matter how hard I look, there just isn't one. I tried talking to a therapist a couple years back who told me that she couldn't help me and maybe I should talk to a doctor about getting antidepressants. I've tried antidepressants before. Several different brands. Some made me tired, some didn't, but none of them made me happy. They just made me numb. I'd rather die as myself then live as an empty shell.

Every time the wind rattles the door I think for just a second that maybe it's her and she's finally come back. But I know that she won't. The sad thing is that the last year of our marriage was pretty bad and she grew increasingly distant, but I'd give anything to go back to that. I just don't know why I keep on living when each day is as bleak as the last, when it'd be so easy to just end it.