I don’t think this is survivable.TL; dr: I have a plan. I want out. 

My SO &amp; I are going through a break/up. Written that way because he said break but it feels far more like a break up. Insert all the cliché best friend, soul mate bullshit here. Left our home last night and staying with a friend. I doubt I’ll be back. It wasn’t healthy for me, for us. 

My SO said I was being manipulative by threatening to cut. I said I hid the sharps from him because he’s a copy cat. Ironically, I never threatened. I never even intimated suicide. So don’t tell anyone ok? My therapist knows, my sup knows I’m in a dark place and my best friend knows. 

Issues with my narc mom hating me. Work pressure. Money issues. Bullshit everywhere. I have two plans. Set up timed emails for who to give my phone to. Writing letters to my children who are beautiful and brilliant. They need a better mom. 

My supervisor pulled me aside and we had a meeting where I just sobbed for no particular reason. Yesterday would’ve been the day if I could’ve afforded the items. Being $400 overdrawn because gas and food were needed, makes anything difficult. I hadn’t eaten for days. 

Staying at a friend’s house. She made me lunch for work. When I opened it, I found lunch, a cup of applesauce, cucumber salad for a snack and cutlery and a napkin. I lost it at the spoon. My SO has been so distant and angry, he’s fully retreated. I haven’t felt this warmth and general kindness in months. A spoon. A spoon broke me today. 

I’ve got a plan. 2 just in case. Like I said, I need to write the letters and I’m done. I called the therapist and she wanted me to go to the ER and said that f I didn’t, she would call them to come for me. I said I was fine. I was stronger today. It’s like being in the ocean - some waves crash harder while others you barely feel. She made sense about a lot of things going on. She also made me promise to go to the hospital if I started drowning again. I’m a self-injurer, but this is honestly the closest I’ve come to suicide, much less considering admission. 

I can’t knit there. I can’t be alone with my thoughts. I’m high on imipramine, Trazodone &amp; xanax right now. My SO, or who it once was never bothered to say goodnight. He hates me. Blames me for everything. I wish I drank. Then I’d have 3 plans. 2 is enough. I don’t want this life anymore.

I have a pact with a friend. I have to call her to say goodbye. It’s kept us both anchored. I’m going to let her down most likely. 

I won’t do it here. I’ll do it somewhere no one has to clean up after me. It will be fine. Why the fuck is this so hard. I’m emotionally spent. 