Tired of the ups and downs. Tired of the struggle.I am 59 years old, and I will be 60 in December.

I have lived an interesting, and at times an enjoyable life.  I have no regrets.  The ups and downs have been like a roller coaster, and though the pleasures and joys when I have been up were awesome, the downs have been painful, and they just don't seem to have balanced out.  I can no longer see an outcome worth continuing to struggle for.

I have made good and bad decisions, but I just never seem to be able to catch a break.  There have been quite a few times where I was on the brink of success, just to be shoved back down rather than succeeding in a way that I didn't end up having to struggle so much.  As I look back on my life I realize that this is mainly because I have made bad choices throughout my life, but that is hindsight.

Yes, a lot of the bad choices that I made clearly were not the best choices from the start, but I made them anyway.  I have often made choices that were the most fun, or the most pleasurable, rather than the safest, or least risky, and I accept responsibility for every bad choice that I have made throughout my life.  If I had it to do all over again there are times in my past where I definitely would have made a different choice, had I known what the choice that I was making had in store for my future.

Again though, I have no regrets.

I spent 8 years in the Army right out of high school, and I got to travel the world.  As my life unfolded I went to amazing places like Korea and Panama,  and I lived in the Washington D.C. area while working at the Pentagon for 2 years.

Along the way I met some amazing people who enhanced my life to one level or another.  I also met some really shitty people, who it seemed had the goal of tearing me down in one way or another, with no apparent reason other than because they were shitty people.

After leaving the Army with an honorable discharge my life continued to be a roller coaster of ups and downs.  It has been an adventure to say the least.  While in the Army traveling all over I realized that once I was out of the Army I didn't have to return to the Detroit, Michigan area where I was born to live the rest of my life.

Once I was discharged from the Army I did start off back in Detroit, because it was a place that I was familiar with, and I had family there, though my "family" was for the most part rather toxic.  I got along with my father great, and I miss him so much now that he has passed away, about 8 years ago.

I made business decisions that could have panned out great, only to run into something that side tracked my life, or that was simply bad luck.

A significant portion of bad decisions that I have made in my life are in one way or another connected to the choices that I made regarding female companionship.  Yeah, there were times that I should have known better than to get involved in the first place, but damn, when things were going good they were going really good.  Of course, that would lead to when things started to go bad they went really bad.

I have been married 3 times, and divorced twice.  My 3rd wife is estranged, and I haven't heard anything about her in over 2 years other than she is a meth addict.

There have also been other serious relationships throughout my life too that didn't get to the point of marriage.  Some of them ended acrimoniously, and others ended with lots of drama and stress.

There have been numerous times that when a relationship ended I was left broke, and/or without a car, and/or without a place to live.  With the exception of one bad break up I didn't let the current circumstances get me down.  I pulled myself up, and rebuilt my life to a point where I was comfortable and content.

In regards to that one bad break up, it was about 8 years ago, and a series of sad and negative things all happened very close together, and I was tired of starting over, and working to build myself back up again.  I just wanted to sleep and not wake up.  So, I attempted to OD, and had my ex-girlfriend not gotten off work 3 hours early that day I would have been successful.  

I am indifferent as to how I feel about being unsuccessful. On the one hand I have had some really great times over the past 8 years that I would not have had if I had been successful.  But, on the other hand if I had been successful I would not have had to go through all of the stressful, difficult, and painful experiences that I had to deal with throughout that time.  I would have simply been dead, ceased to exist, and would not have had any idea that I missed out on anything.  

Looking back I cannot say that the good times through that 8 years after I attempted to OD were even close to being worth all of the struggles I went through in that same period of time.  It would have been a lot easier if I had just died.

So, here I am.  Almost 60 years old. Just been through another bad break up with a woman who had serious psychological issues that I had no way to help her with, though I tried.  The actuality was that she had both Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID), and Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD. Un-diagnosed, however she had 22 of 24 traits of BPD that I found a list of when I was trying to figure out how to help her).  

She had been helping with rent and other bills at a level of just under 50% of our expenses, and we had a car in both of our names.  Things were going well for a while, then she started becoming unstable, right up until I felt that I had to have her involuntarily committed for an evaluation.  A supposed mandatory 72 hour state evaluation that I was hoping would at least start her on a path to get the help she desperately needed.  This was after she had taken me though 3 straight days of yelling, screaming, throwing things, suicidal threats, self harm (cutting),smashing my TV, neighbors calling the cops, ect. without me being able to see any likelihood of her calming down in the near future.

Unfortunately, upon arrival at the hospital she proceeded to talk her way out of the evaluation, and was released in less than 24 hours without getting any help at all.  

Upon returning home she packed up her stuff, and left with the car.  This was at the beginning of this month, and she has left me without transportation, and without enough money to pay the rent that was due 4 days ago.

If the bills were all caught up before she had left I would be fine, because I have enough monthly income to pay the monthly bills, and at least survive. Unfortunately I just can't see a way right now that I can get caught up, which will soon lead to me getting evicted, and losing everything that I own, though I don't have a lot of possessions.

I have no friends in the area to live with even temporarily.  I have no way to even put all of my belongings into storage until I can figure something out, because I don't have a vehicle to move the stuff.   Yeah, I know. There's an eviction moratorium, but my landlord has already told me that he's got a way around that and I will be gone if I am not caught up on August rent, and I don't pay September rent on time by September 5th.

Oh, and on top of that my health isn't the greatest.  I am high risk for complications if I get Coronavirus, due to a heart condition.  I have had 3 heart attacks. The first one at 39 years old, and the most recent about 10 years ago.

So, I am done.  If I were to feel another heart attack coming on I wouldn't bother to call 911.  I would just let myself die.

Without a car, and without any apparent way to not get evicted in the near future I am stuck, and I am feeling so stressed, so disoriented, and so tired of struggling any more, just to be able to barely get by for a little while longer.  I can't see the possibility of anything great happening in my future that would make it worth struggling for, and possibly get through this.  I'm so tired.

I wish I could just close my eyes and sleep, and simply not wake up.  Unfortunately I don't have the proper medications on hand to do so successfully, and I can't sit in the car and let it run in the garage. SHE TOOK THE DAMN CAR!  

I wish I were dead, and I can't think of an easy and painless way to accomplish it. I am not looking for suggestions.  Just venting.  If you have read this far thanks for your time.