I thought these feelings were goneThings haven't gone well the last two months. My life should be doing great but something isn't right in my head. I have meds to help calm me down but those don't seem to be doing much anymore. Anytime im alone I feel extremely empty and my mind starts to wander.

Last week I was home and I started having thoughts of hanging myself. There weren't any emotions attached to it but it was this loud thought in my head. I didn't know what else to do, I left my house and went for a walk for a few miles. I didn't say much to anyone because I had previous things in my past and I had this under control and thought I didn't need to mention it. 

I have been falling into a severe depression for the last two months. Like things have been tremendously bad. Right before that I was about to start lowering my dosage because I had been doing good for a while. And then things broke for me in my head.

My relationship with my (now ex) has been rocky. I love her more than anything. She is my best friend. We have a lot of communication problems. I've been trying to talk to her about them and I felt like a lot of my depression came from that. I felt bad because these things overwhelmed me and I couldn't get my mind off it it just consumed me.

Saturday night went south really quick. I was with her and had to go home. I started having those thoughts of hanging myself again. They continued to get louder and more intrusive. I called her and begged her to speak with me but she was heading to her parents and couldn't speak. She said she'd call me later. She eventually told me that she was finally home and that she really couldn't deal with me. I was on the brink of harming myself at this point. I have no one else to really turn to as my relationship with my family has not been good since my father died. I feel extremely far from this nowadays. My friends have families and are really never available.

The next day she texted me and said she hoped I was doing better. I told her I needed her badly and she said she needed space. I kept telling her that these suicidal thoughts were overwhelming me and I couldn't be alone because they were really bad. She hung up and took a nap. I had to bring something to her place so I just went over. I gave it to her and asked if I could just hang out at her place. She said she didn't want me around at that moment. I begged, I told her I couldn't be alone with these thoughts. I was terrified that I was going to follow through with these thoughts. I begged and begged.

I eventually went home and attempted to hang myself. I blacked out for what seemed like a.moment and then freaked out and somehow got the rope off of my neck. I fell to the floor and cried. I kept calling her begging her for her help, she never responded. Honestly her lack of response fuvked me up even more. I thought she would be there.

I tried again with the same results. I blacked out and came to freaked out and untied the rope from around my neck.

I tried driving to her place and calling her to ask if I could come in. I couldn't be alone.

I took a few klonopins by this point and nothing was calming me down. I couldn't be alone.

I woke up feeling slightly better until she texted me and said she doesn't want to be with me and then blocked me on everything. I just needed someone to be there. I didn't want to harm myself and I wasn't in a place that I should be alone. She told me to just go to the hospital and that she couldn't deal with it. I just didn't want to be alone.

The feeling is still there and im scared that im going to follow through with this. I've taken more klonopin and it just mellows my brain but those suicidal thoughts are still there but they just seem logical now. Im not scared to do it. Im not scared of what might happen if I actually follow through with it. The fact that im not scared of those things is throwing me off. Im calm right now and feel like this is my option in life.

Im sorry guys this might be it. I thought I was out of the woods.