Worthlessness,depression,suicidal thoughts. How do i move on?Here is some background in regards to my life :
Junior High school = Tried to be as social as possible, imitated style of popular guys, totally ignored school, had relationships and sex all the time, was very immature, started working as a pr on clubs for a couple of years with success. Had sex on first grade.
High school = was well-known among st people around me, still ignored school, became intrigued by history &amp; philosophy &amp; theology thus started reading on books related to plethora schools of thought, started working and working out every day for an entire year and felt the sense of achievement, wanted to become a personal body trainer-nutritionist.
After high school = jobless for 6 years, went to the army because it’s mandatory for 9 months on my country, stopped everything related to well-being, became depressed, couldn’t handle the people on the environment because I thought everyone was mindless and not a good person inside. After the army, I engaged on gaming for countless hours, I went to study programming but this specific school had no future. I completely ignored it. Switched to major psychology on a university. All went well in the beginning but then I ignored it once again since I was living with myself and had no control of myself and I didn’t discipline myself. I lost 1 year because of that. Then I passed the module. My relationship was toxic as hell, I lost the confidence with myself and gradually I became anti-social. I feel very awkward in social situations with people I do not know and I was the entire opposite a few years back. I keep many things for myself since I was betrayed by people around me. I feel very lonely nowadays. I lost my best friends but unfortunately it was not my fault. I wish none of that happened. My ex best friend A has a demeanor of a child. He has been very supportive throughout our friendship but he lost his father. I was there for him but since then he has been raging on me over meaningless matters. He always tries to belittle me. He knows I would do nothing to retaliate from his actions, he understands that he is on the wrong but he still does it. My ex best friend D is a sociopath with feelings of grandeur. He belittles everyone, mocking the girls around him, mocking his friends. He wants others close to him to do his bidding. He is a racist thinking that a white privilege exists and should be enforced on the world. He thinks so high of himself that he doesn’t take the time to criticize his actions and words or even see how others are feeling and why they act the way they do. He thinks he is God Almighty. Another ex best friend of mine called G is literally a psychopath. He had me as a friend over the years just to exploit being with a “good” person and feel like normal only to toss me on the garbage once he left where we lived to exploit his family which is rich. My ex girlfriend  of 2 years was an angel. On our first month. Later on she started being Over jealous of everyone, even my friends. Luckily, she doesn’t have feelings of grandeur but she has so many problems that one can’t even handle them. She is afraid of death, afraid of talking anything in regards to science, afraid of people around her, afraid of the entire world. She things everyone is a bad person. She is very depressed. I have been there for her through our entire time together. It is not her fault but since then, she fed me only with sorrow. She started fighting with me everyday, throwing tantrums for unimportant things 2,3 times a day. And still, I was by her side the entire time. But then I couldn’t take it anymore and I told her that it’s over. A few months later, she started messaging me. Being the sensitive and protective idiot that I think I am, I returned by her side but not as her boyfriend. Only as a close friend. We meet from time to time, and talk with each other almost everyday. She still is depressed, talking about how bad the world is. My father doesn’t love me, he never said “good job” in my entire life. He is unemotional. My mother does, but unfortunately I can’t talk with her over complicated matters. I have a brother, around 12, which plays games every day through his day, and has sociopathic traits. We cannot communicate. I do not believe in Jesus or a deity to guide me in life. I see all the injustice on our society, and why a person wants to overcome the fear of death by believing. But i do believe in Buddhist teachings. Which i stopped following because of how i feel. Lately, I am surrounded by feelings of worthlessness, depression, and suicidal ideation. I truly have no one around me. I have been spending my time on things like anime, series and gaming just so I can get my mind off of real life. I fell so bad about who i am and what i have achieved, which is nothing. I feel like I will fail university again. I daydream a lot. Being away from the capitalistic society which markets the way of life i despise, living peacefully on nature, providing on a community living outside the norms, peacefully, or even to become a Buddhist monk. But I don’t know where to start, where to continue the path of my life, how to act.  I truly feel, on the western society everyone is faking their friendship and attitude. I am 24 and i feel i lost a portion of my life. I feel like i am frozen. I fell it's too late. I feel like i don't have a sense of purpose, a sense of belonging.