I'm crying like Trisha Paytas only she has a life.Hi, guys. It's 2:00 a.m.

I can't go to bed. I'm holding back tears and typing slowly so my family doesn't wake up. I'm tired of all this shit and I just wanna let go and float off into the cold, icy water like Jack on Titanic. I just want to close my eyes, let go, and fly to wherever I'm headed. 

It's been a full week and a day since I had a massive mental, nervous breakdown at work. I was a Cashier, as usual, working for my 11.50 an hour, when I started to feel depressed. (It happens a lot, I have Bipolar Disorder and have for four years now) Then, a customer came up who wanted his chicken discounted, and when I wouldn't, he reported me to my manager for being rude. Normally, I'm fine with that; it happens all the time with jerks or assholes. Some people just wanna watch what happens if they report us. But this time, with my life in its present situation, I broke down shaking, crying in my blue vest, on the concrete with my manager watching with this now horrified man as I devolved into a husk. I've had a nervous breakdown a year ago, and it was worse than this, but this one still kills me. They sent me home, and I took four days off. Still, now, I am doing okay - but that's it. 

I've been there eight months and am the longest cashier to stay there by far. I've trained literally everyone on my level and watched them all leave, one by one. What caused my breakdown (it's been building for two months) was the death of two of my relatives, my job being threatened twice over sales, my physical health worsening and my family life declining, as well as my friendships. 

My dad is worried that I'm gonna kill myself because I find no pleasure in anything, even eating anymore. I ate a box of lucky charms all of today, and I have been sleepless for four days now. I feel scared and hopeless. 

I'm afraid if I quit my job I won't be able to find another one or a good one at that, and that I'll be a failure. I don't even recognize the man in the mirror anymore. I feel like a husk of a human. I'm 19 and ready to die if I got the chance. 