my friends sent me fucked up texts and i give upall my friends in the past have fucked me up and left me with major trust issues. the last friendship i had ended with them telling everyone i ever talked to that i was toxic and selfish, despite the fact i always had to make time for them no matter what and they’d get angry if i hung out with literally anyone else. i wanted to die. i don’t get along with my parents so my friends were all i had. ive known my newer friends for almost 3 years now and i thought i finally had a friendship that would last 

however, today they thought it’d be real funny to pull an “epic prank”. they pretended to be a stalker and kept leaving messages about how they were going to see me once i got off of work and even gave me the location of my apartment. i was pretty scared, but i thought someone had to be fucking with me. i asked my two friends if they were doing it like 10 fucking times, they swore they weren’t, honestly these assholes deserve an oscar. 

i start to believe that this person is real and my anxiety is making me feel awful about this whole thing. im literally near tears at work because the messages WONT STOP. even my manager got worried and said i should tell somebody and go home early. a few minutes later, cue these fucking assholes. they walk in laughing and say it was them all along and that they were planning on doing it longer but they were scared i’d call the police. i was fucking furious and all they did was laugh and say “oh you’re actually angry ???” they left without even giving me a real apology (and these two are ADULTS, they’re 19 and 26, not just a dumb teen) they knew i was scared and panicking and thought that shit was hilarious

i give up. this was the last straw for me, i realize how awful those two make me feel all the time, im not letting this go anymore. i hate them almost as much as i hate myself at this point. i don’t know how im ever gonna trust anyone again, i know i probably won’t have any friends again and honestly just the thought of being that lonely makes me want to die. who knows, i probably will in the next few days. i’ll at least be gone by the end of this month, i know that much