I'm obsessed with intelligence, and I hate myself for not being smarterI just feel like I don't care about life. I'm tired of being tortured. I compare myself to everyone, and I can't stop.

I graduated recently from a state school with a degree in advertising, and a studio art minor. I'm so embarrassed by it, that I usually tell people my major was marketing because my major was a joke. And even though it wasn't that hard, I only got a 3.55. Meanwhile, my friends are going to medical school and I know so many people with amazing grades. It's a joke.

Any time I meet someone from any other college, I immediately google the SAT scores and stats for that school and wonder if I could have gotten in if I studied harder. I even started prating SAT questions recently, because I hate my stupid score. I hate knowing that I can see my intelligence score on a piece of paper, and that's where I lie.

I'm so insecure. For instance, my heart sank when I found out that a guy I met last night is in med school. Not only did I start obsessively researching on how he got into that med school, but I started berating myself for not trying harder in school, when he clearly did. He was even in my college's honor program, something I would never be able to accomplish.

I can't stop wondering if I could be better. For example, I can't believe I made a C in micro economics, and I feel stupid. Was it that I wasn't smart enough, and I'm locked into this intelligence level, or was I capable of doing better? I also sat in a cell biology class over the summer, for fun, because my friend was taking it. I failed to follow it 80% of the time, and wonder if it's because of my intelligence level. The same thing with research papers I've read. I'm so amazed that people are able to understand and articulate such complex scientific findings. I could never do that.

I constantly stumble over my words, and I feel like I'm always half asleep. My brain just feels so weighed down. I started punishing myself when I do things wrong, but I've tried to stop. I love smash bros, but I'm bad at it. I go so upset for not learning from my mistakes, that I slapped myself and left a bruise that everyone kept asking about. What's wrong with me.

I just don't feel like it's worth it anymore. I'm doing an internship in NYC next month in social advertising / marketing, and I'm embraced that I'm not doing something more impressive. I'm not good enough, and I'll never live up to the likes of my dad, who is a doctor. I'm locked in with a specific intelligence percentile for like, and I feel like I'm trapped in a cage. I don't want to do it anymore.