I’m planning to kill myself after I finish high school in June.That’s it, I’m dying after I’m graduated from high school in June. I wanted to die before this, but I didn’t want to get up on the school’s bulletin board of suicide kids with one paragraphs of “how they such a great person and all.” I’m gonna get school crap all done and over with, so there’s no mess of it when I die. I’m gonna finish community volunteering for theft I did back in February, so a criminal record doesn’t get under my name and affect my mom’s case to get PR in Canada. I mean stealing was an impulsive thing, it was my first time and the first time i also got caught. I was just mad at how unfair the world felt like to me and how my family was so poor (which I don’t blame on my mom bc she works hard everyday. We immigrated here 11 years ago and the Canadian gov’t has kept denying Permanent Residency bc we’re Asian immigrants from SK where my mom is just a cook at a restaurant and my dad was deported a few years ago after trial bc of domestic violence. I don’t miss him one bit.) 


I’m gonna trash my journals bc they’re personal and I don’t want anyone to read them, gonna erase my social media with my name, wipe my phone and chrome book so my personal notes don’t get found. I was gonna die on my birthday which is in November, and sort go full circle on life but I figured that wouldn’t work out since I was planning to repeat/upgrade some courses and that means my mother will need to pay for it when I’m gonna die anyways. So I’ve set it to August 1st, because it’s a nice date. I’m not sure where I’d die, that’s something I still need to think about. I have my suicide method figured out already, which is overdosing on my prescription pills, I’ve saved them up over the last few months so I can just go when I want to. They didn’t do much anyway for my sleep. I thought I should prob quit therapy with my psychologist and psychiatrist but I think they’ll get onto what I’ll do, bc where I go it’s a teen mental health centre where suicidal kids come in often. I don’t want them to ruin my plan so I’ll play along as if I’m getting better. I thought of doing things I wanted to do before I die, but I don’t have anything in mind that I want to do, so I guess I’ll just enjoy myself before dying. 


Well I think the hardest thing for me is to say goodbye to my cats. I won’t really miss my family since we aren’t close anyway, and basically it’s every man for himself in my household. I don’t really have anything that I’ll miss about them, except for my mom. But I’ll make sure to give my two cats a good warm hug and a little snuggle, and tell them I’ll miss them a lot. I know nobody here will read this since so many post in here, but I’m here to say bye. 


I’m sick of the pointlessness in life and I feel detached from reality. I hate school, just to go to university and go to a job for the rest of my life. Everything is so bland and empty and boring and I’m just apathetic with all of it. My therapist once said that I didn’t want to get better, and that’s why we never do much or get much done during therapy. Yeah, partly she’s right, I wanna die. But you know what I tried hard enough and I tried my best, I tried to control my brain and act like a normal functioning human being that has no trouble going to school everyday. And you know what I tried to react better to my mental illness and make progress. Y’all told me to be positive all the time with a positive mindset and not choose to be a victim but a survivor and every other motivational bs they throw at me, but not once did medical professionals acknowledge the effort I’ve put in in trying to get better over my 18 yrs of life and try to be positive. I’m sick of so many people telling me to see my reality and wake up or be grateful or be positive or try harder or any other bs. I’m done, and I’m tired. I’m tired. I’m done with all this shit.