Long but please read, please (16, m)Well a while back I realized that all of my friends are not really my friends. They don't talk to me outside school, they don't usually respond to my messages and they blow me off with obviously fake excuses (Chores, practice etc about 35 times now) "Ya we have really bad timing" No we don't have bad timing because doing the math if you're busy 70% of the time there is a better chance of me winning the lottery twice in a row than you being busy that many times but of course I'd never say that to your face but since you are busy less than 70℅ of the time I'd say the odds are actually one in 1032 which also interestingly enough happens to be really big fucking number. The point is that I felt I had no friends at all, and I was at the point where I was crying in bed all day wanting to literally die. The worst thing about it is that there is no reason that this would happen. I've been told I'm nice, cute, hot, smart, funny, I'm tall, muscular and have money. The third time I actually left the house a cute girl came over to me and asked for my number, and I gave it to her although I'm not and wasn't interested. I swear to God this is all real. It's more important that the one person actually reading this has accurate information than is impressed by me or whatever you may think I think would happen. While I'd rather be in this situation than be the loser with a speech impediment, social anxiety, unnatractive and who had abusive friends that I was about 6 months ago, knowing that I have all of this and still couldn't make real friends hurt. Everytime somebody would ignore a Snapchat or never respond to a text it was like I had been shot in the stomach, which I had actually been considering doing. The one thing keeping me from killing myself is one of my friends. The only person who would have a conversation with me. About three weeks ago she even invited me to hang out with her, but I haven't yet due to reasons I will not mention as I do not ever want to be found by people I know. I'm glad I have her. Do you know what it's like to never have a friend who actually cared about you, and then meet someone like her? Imagine waking up and being paralyzed during surgery. You want the doctors to notice you're awake and see the twitch in your eye trying to get their attention; every time they look into your eyes you think they're going to notice for sure this time but you get your hopes up for nothing, always. Sometimes they stare at you strangely like something's wrong, but always shrug it off. All of this plus the pain of the surgery. Then all of a sudden, after hours of being literally tortured, one doctor decides for no apparent reason to increase anaesthetics. Anyways thanks to the two or three people who actually read this. I'm putting the thankyou in the middle because only you will see it. If you do, please comment the letter q in italics along with whatever else you would comment. She is like that doctor, and she doesn't know what she's keeping me from or what she kept me from. She's also the only one who ever did help. Anyways just wanted to talk about that. I still want to die since everything in my life that I actually care about is horrible but I won't kill myself for now. I probably will once I feel like our friendship is starting to end since I wouldn't want to make her feel responsible by doing it afterwards.


Then she got a boyfriend, which means she can't hang out with other guys or really even talk to them. She hasn't text me back in two days. I want to die


I feel like I have nobody to really talk to, nobody who wants to listen and even though I don't know any of you irl it's still nice to know that at least one person out there is listening. I want things to turn around but I don't know why they're happening. I spent years of my life forcing myself to change, getting past social anxiety and everything else so people would treat me differently and actually want to be around me. I have no idea what is wrong with me, so I can't change it. I can't fix it. It's hell and I'd rather kill myself than go through this any longer but I can't get myself to do it. I have everything else going for me in my life except for this. Money, looks, brains, etc but I'd rather have none of those things if it meant having people who cared about me


My ability to have fun is also based off of other people. I've tried everything; videogames, netflix, sports, going places, doesn't matter. I'm constantly bored and I end up going on reddit all day or play games to distract myself, but even then I get bored, and when I get bored I feel worse. It's like staring at a white wall all day every day, but when someone talks to me it's so great I can't even come up with an analogy for it. Unfortunately that never happens. People ignore my texts, take days to text me back, ignore snapchats, constantly blow me off and never invite me to anything, and when they do it's like getting kicked in the gut. I have nobody. I wish I had the courage to end my life. Depending on how things go this week I'm going to do it; or at least try and force myself to. Down a bottle of aspirin or just shoot myself. That feels horrible to type. I'm done though. I have nobody. I have nobody