It's your faultIt's your fault......

When I first laid eyes on you you took my breath away and I fell slowly watching you closely when you were in the same room as me. I would obse6you from a distance trying to figure out why you attracted my attention so much but I could never tell. Your goofiness, your silly ways, your laugh, your smile with the blue braces, We were young with birthdays 4 days apart, the same age but I was more mature. 

After you stoped comming to the club we both shared I sometimes wondered where you were, what you would be doing.... but then I forgot about you thinking you already did since the first day you stoped comming. 

Middle school came and went and on the first day of highschool there you were but a new development came into play ..... my friend from kindergarten was there too and you were both dating. "Wow that's amazing, it's been so long Machielle and hey gabe it's been a while, what's up?" That's when we argued over who knew who longer and when you told me your relationship was fresh and new. Gg

Later that year he decided to date my best friend ... "oh my god jess I'm so glad for you, you guys look cute, but you're more cute than he is XD" they went out for a while but it didnt last long, he than dated a girl and brought her to a school dance when we were all there, I didnt know they were dating and I approached her because I thought she looked friend worthy, she was pretty and she knew how to have fun and we became great friends, than he came over and asked if I knew his girlfriend... the girl I would know today as May, my 2nd beat friend.

10th grade year came to play and I was the loner I always was, the willow tree at the bottom of the mountain barely getting any sunlight attracting all the forests animels. It was close to winter and I was finally chosen...... Gabe asked me out but I was hesitant.... 
"why?"
"Why do you even like me?"
"Nani?!"
".......... k"
"I'll think about it"

I finally said yes after my inner debate of 2 weeks and a half. We were perfect, everyone thought so even my other friends he dated thought so but I wasn't sure, it felt too good to be true, but I was happy and then one day.

"I'm breaking up with you...."

My first love ....... my heart couldnt take it I felt dead inside, laughable it was a joke right? 
"You're joking right?......" 
For that entire week, I was dead and numb but everytime my mind wondered to an image of him or I saw him physically The flood gates would open and I would cry. For that entire week, it would start raining cats and dog 5 minutes before the bell, it was as if the gods prepared my blanket and I would walk to swim practice crying out to my hearts content. Wallings loudly to be lost in the see of thunder and lightening, and when I would arrive the rain would stop .... and I would swim. Trying to empty my thoughts but all I thought was....

"It's your fault...." *slap*
"It's your fault...." *slap*
"It's your fault..." *slap*
"You're shit..... you're nothing...... you're a failure..... he hates you.... you're  worthless..." 

"YOU'RE  FAULT!!" *slap* 

"TIME!" My coach yells giving me my new lowest time. Cutting more than a 2 minutes from my regular time.... but I wasn't excited, my heart was irreparable, damaged and broken, only a few pieces hanging on and my soul was darker than usual....

I became Darkner, my footsteps lighter, my voice colder, my eyes glaring holes into everything and everyone I knew. But my pain was more present than every, yet because of my morals, because I didn't want to be seen as week anymore, to be strong, to be what I always was on the outside. I made my mask with a permanent smile with emotions only changing because of my friends situations?

"Nooooooo!!!!" My friend crying while walking blindly towards me, I could see how lost she was and how much in pain she was so I cried with her.. her grandmother was found dead in her bed earlier that morning, I've never had someone in my family die before but I could feel it. The empathy I hold for others, that's what made me feel normal, sane, collected, a mask with a smile hidding the darkness In the shadows, the intensity of my depression and evil thoughts. 

Skip to July 7th, 2019

....... on my birthday, my first love came home from the Air Force and we reconnected to the point my pain and my love for him were mixed into one.... we had so much fun for the week he was here and we talked about our past and I learned that he actually loved me since we met but when I gave him the letter of pain I wrote for him to read, he realized just how much he affected my soul when he left me all those years ago. I asked him if we could start over and he said no because after reading the letter he knew I was still in pain even now 6 years later, and we've know each other for 10 years. There is a saying that says "if you love me, you'll let me go" He let me go and I can't take it and I havent really cried about it until now.

Skip to the few days after the age of 21 and I'm still here, my mask with a half smile and a half frown in solitude, and when brought out to the public a full smile to outshine the others. Today's just a sane day....... a same day for darkness to slip out bit by bit along with the suicidal thoughts..... 

"It's your fault, why am I alive?"