Don't need or want help. Just getting this into words before I go.I must have pussied out on at least a dozen posts that I would have made here, but this is finally the one.

Basically I've been screwed by my state and I'm losing my children. Monday is my boy's birthday and they're (coincidentally? or is it just another cruel joke?) having the hearing on his birthday whether or not to terminate my rights to them.

Now I'll admit I didn't do 100% of the things I could have to get them back but if I had to guess I'd say I put in 90% effort. Which isn't good enough because I should have done 110% but it's too late now. I know I fucked up here and there and depression got the best of me sometimes and I just didn't put in the work I should have. However, I also feel I've been conspired against and that the state agency worked damn hard to get my kids out from under me. What pisses me off about it is that the kids weren't taken from me, they were taken from my ex husband, I never failed a drug test, I never abused them, I never missed a visit. The only thing I lack was a fucking house and a proper family that would be able to help me in this dark time. So shit happened and now I'm about to not be a mother anymore. I freakin' lost everything. Because I know I failed them I don't really see a point in waiting until they become adults on the off chance they'll find me someday. Even if I did live I'd just be a shell of myself and I don't deserve to be a mother anyway because I apparently failed somewhere in the last few years. 

Their father told me he gave up already. My mother says the same thing. The rest of my family are too self involved to do anything for me. I have no money. No job. Sleeping in a shelter tomorrow night because my mother says it's too late for the kids and it's implied that I don't need to be here.

Thursday is my last visit with them. It's gonna be so hard. I'm looking forward to seeing them since they cut my visits down to an hour a month supervised back in September. But it still will be hard to not cry.

Crying. 

That's the thing I'm sick of the most. I cry all the time. I wake up no later than 6am every morning because I'm crying in my sleep. I cry without much warning throughout the day at the slightest thought of them. I cry myself to sleep. Goddamnit I'm tired of crying. I can't keep crying for the next 15 years... or until the baby finds me when she's an adult.

When I get my tax refund I'm buying that damn pistol and I'm going to go down to the river where they spread my Poppy's ashes and taking my life there by that one tree. I think about it all the time. I get suicidal every once in a while but this last month it's been getting closer and closer. Thinking about my last day is the only relief I get anymore. I would have told the therapist they make me go to but I was too afraid she'd tell someone how badly off I am and they'd lock me down and then the social workers would be all over that. Another big ass check mark on how unfit I am. So I never said anything because back then there was hope for the kids and I. Now it's a secret I can't afford to spill because I have to go. I have to. I just can't do it anymore. 