I feel like i dont deserve my friends at school.I feel like i dont deserve my friends at school. 

My friends give me their trust and make me happy, they are supportive and always help me when im in need. But a while ago i made a big mistake that i feel will ruin my relationship with them completely. I had some friends in elementary and i was harassed and made fun of by them.   


When i got into middle school i got some new friends, they were more experienced and mature than me. I had to make up lies to fit in with them, but i feel even if i didn't they would except me. My lie that would mess everything up in the future was I had a boyfriend. The person i liked. I faked an entire relationship with him. This was abt 11 months ago. Mt friends knew who the guy was but they were not close or had any contact really. What made my lie believable was that he was 2 years older. After a while i wanted to stop lying to them, but i was scared that my past friendships would be the same as this one. So i told them that he had cheated on me at a party and got a girl pregnant so we cut ties. They believed me and didn't really bring it up for a while until...

About 4 months ago i came out to my friends saying i liked a girl. The girl felt the same way and we went out for a little bit. Later she told me that she lost feeling and she wanted to break up. i was really sad by this and went to my friends for comfort. They comforted be but the topic of ex's was brought up again at that time i wasn't thinking of the future. Now that i have been home and away from people i realized what would happen if my friends found out. And abt 2 weeks ago i noticed i was falling for my best friend ( straight). I knew that me and my fake ex would be going to the same school in 1 year. Im getting scared of getting caught for my awful mistakes. I would be in 9th grade and would be in 11th. I feel that i should cut myself off from them before i get hurt in the future. Im not sure what to do. Im really hoping they forgot everything because of corona. Im even considering faking amnesia so when i do get caught i would not know what they were talking abt and maybe they would forgive me.