Losing ability to cope. And hope. Hello. In the last six years I have had a really difficult life. I just need to put this somewhere and tell someone about the entirety of my problems.  I am losing the ability to cope with things   I am losing hope.  I am seriously considering getting out of all of this. In June 2010 my sweet mama who battled ovarian cancer for two years fnally passed away. It was the most painful time of my life.  The only person in this world I was close to and really felt loved and accepted by died. I am a gay man living in southeast Georgia.  I've grown up being bullied and an outcast. One month after my mother died I seriously lost my motivation at my job and I was fired. I went on unemployment until I could find work.  I was scraping by for 8 months during which time I lost my home to foreclosure and has to live out of my car and on the couches of strangers. I was homelsss. I had taken out my 401k to help pay for my mother's funeral which put me in tax debt I could not pay back, but I had to do what was necessary. In March 2011 I finally got a part time job at a clinic in another city.  I had to commute to rebuild my money until I could find a place to live. I kept sleeping in my car and living on the couches and guest rooms of coworkers and acquaintances.  Some tried to take advantage of me and when I refused I was banned from their couch/house.  I don't have a drug or a drinking problem.  I don't steal and I try to do the right thing. Life started looking better for me but then my grandmother who was very very poor passed away in 2012. Then 1 year later 2013 my grandfather passed away. Then a year later two uncles passed away leaving one of my aunts in desperation. I tried as best I could to help her.  Then I. 2014 my brother in law left my sister and her two kids leaving her with no income. I was finally made full time at my job and was trying to help her as well. During all this time Obamacare passed.  I couldn't afford insurance at all. So I kept getting fined for not having any for 2014 and 2015.  I had to move around so much and find new places  to stay that I had no real mailing address. I lost a lot of mail intended for me. But I just didn't care. Life was so hard. My other sister with an autistic nephew --- her husband lose his job. But Things finally began to get better.  My sister found a new fiancé. My aunt remarried. My other bro in law found a new job. My dad had remarried long ago. He never really bothered to help me or care. When I asked him for help he simply told me everyone was suffering and to suck it up. Fast forward and Here I am today and I get a notice that I am being sued by the Ga department of labor because I was getting unclaimed income.  For $6500. What ? From where? I had no other jobs. I had no other income. Nobody gave me money. Nobody helped me. I had no idea why I am being sued by the state for income I was getting that I wasn't getting. During that time I was making $21000 a year. And what I did make went to paying back bills and taxes and car payment. So today I write this because I am ready to die. I have lost hope. I have nobody to turn to. I have no way to fix this. It has to be some sort of mistake. But I don't even want to deal with it.  It's just a giant cherry on top of a very very painful cake. I haven't had a good night sleep in years.  I know better people than me have been through worse but I just don't have the strength in me anymore to keep going. I feel so beaten down and broken that I don't even want to try to get through this. I have no one and I am very alone. All friends I had moved away. Or had kids and got married. I no longer believe in god. I just want all of this to be done.  