Moral Obligation Means NothingEveryday I want to die. The only thing stopping me is the fact I fear death. The only thing that will save me is what I fear the most. 

I'll cut to the chase. I'm an 18 year old from the UK. I've had depression for most of my life but I've never been formally diagnosed. Since last summer I've relapsed into depression and it's worse than it's ever been and it won't ever stop. Everyday is shit for me. No friends at all to talk to. No family who really cares. Nothing to live for.

It started when I released that no one actually has ever cared about me for my entire life. No one, I don't want any bullshit "people do care" comments which are lies. Anyone who might seem to be a 'friend' was simply acting under moral obligation. They barely tolerated my existence and felt obliged to let me be around them because they would feel responsible for anything bad that I might have done. No one has ever really cared about what I have to say, what I feel or what I do. 

I failed my exams and had to stay back a year so my parents see me as a failure, every night they take all my belongings away from me and lock them in a safe. If I try to resist they just punish me by taking away everything for months where I basically sit in my room doing nothing. What kind of a life is that. 

I see on my Facebook every single person with someone else, doing things which I could only dream about. I've never had a friend. I see people crying about how they were 'friend zoned', I'd love that, at least I'd have a friend. Or crying about how they only got 5 text messages or 10 likes on a status. I've never had someones phone number before, or ever had someone talk to me on Facebook because they wanted to. Only under moral obligation which means nothing. A forced intervention is useless, which is exactly why 'professional' help will be useless. Drugs won't do shit, and the therapists don't really care about me they care about their paycheck.

I'll never have a friend, I'll die on my own. Having no friends is simply the effect. The cause of this is that I'm useless. I am a physical, academic, mental, emotional and work failure. The only reason people make friendships is more mutual gain in the form of physical attractiveness, and a personality which is a mixture of funny, cool and smart. I'm none of those. I'm boring, I have nothing to say. And if I do I can't say it out of fear of embarrassment.

It's physically impossible for me to imitate conversation with anymore anymore. What's the point even trying when I know for a fact that no one will like me. I wake up then go to sleep again. There is nothing worth mentioning in between.

All I want is a friend, not any of this moral obligation bullshit. I want someone to be around me because they want to be around me, not because they feel forced to. I apologize for not replying soon in advance, my parents will be taking my things away soon and I won't get them back until tomorrow night.

