I have till the end of the semester to change my mind.Today was report cards. I didn't do well. 50% average and it isn't the first time. I'm already 1-2 years older than everyone in my class already due to the switch from American schools to Canadian. I'm 14 and from what others tell me I'm not an easy sight. I cant be held back it would just ruin to much. It isnt just school thats made me make this decision, its been building up for a while. My mom wasnt with my dad when I was born in Rhode Island, I've never met him and for all I know he's face down in a gutter. At some point my mom moved away from my grandparents house (who she always bitches about) and began living with a man named Kevin. Kevin was a pot dealer and violent. We were living in Colorado for a while, then the police busted down the door, a little while later I was on all the front pages of Leadville Colorado, my mom moved away with me while he was on parole, we were to meet up with him at a later date. Now living in California we settled in Somes Bar California, after a brief stint of my mom attempting to keep contact with Kevin while he was in federal prison in LA we moved around between Hoopa, willow creek, and happy camp (real place). at some point we went to the coast (eureka) and my mom then told me we had no where else to go but the streets. I ate in a soup kitchen and slept in a hippies van. We moved in with Bob a fat ass and his homosexual companion (also a fat ass), I was molested by Bob, my mom pushed no charges and instead moved out, he never even was reported. We finally had a stable house when we moved in with Kathie a nice person who owned a huge home with a bed and breakfast. We got her 4th house and my mom did maintenance, it was one room not including the one bathroom. My sister was born then and I slept on the couch every night when I was about 8. She met Ian a 20 year old Canadian college student who was hitchhiking. Skip forward a little while and my mom is telling me that she's only marring him to get to Canada (at this point Kevin is out of jail and after us). My mom tells me everyday that its my fault she has to have a fake marriage because I didn't like her being involved with drug dealers. Living in Canada, our landlord is a greedy asshole. We live in a 5 room house. We get kicked out half way through winter and end up in a 3 room basement apartment. Over the years we slowly got better, we now have the whole 2 stories and 9 rooms. But our landlord wants to sell and we cant afford it. We have to move out in the middle of winter during Christmas. The only social life I have is lying to people here in the wealthy city of Calgary. I tell me "friends" that I own an Xbox, and my computer is good (its really bad) and have all of the never ending stream of video games they have. I bullshit my way through everyday, all activities people my age find enjoyable aren't fun for me (I lose the will and boner long before orgasm) and pretty much stay inside most of the time. I have no extra activities and all the girls in my school are super rude to me. I get bad grades even though I try my best. I lie to myself and those around me. If I don't get at least an 80% in all it will be the final straw and I will do it. Whats kept me from doing it in the past was the fear of how it would affect my sister. She told me recently that she only cares about me enough as to how many gifts I can get her. I'm sorry if I've wasted your time but I just want to get it out so I have less baggage to deal with now. I'm not sure if you want proof but I'm sure I could find something if thats an issue. No tl;dr I cant sum up my problems that easy. I'm most likely going to delete this post either at the end of today or tomorrow. 