Would you rather...I've been thinking about this. So, I've been playing the depression game for as long as I can remember. Since I was a little girl. A spleen laceration acted as a catalyst for some immune system illnesses, so I deal with a lot of non-life threatening yet debilitating issues. I was also an athlete, so I've played the female-with-an-eating-disorder game as well. A bad bad concussion is to this day, what I believe, set off my major, major depression. I'm alright now though. Not the same, but it's been 4.5 years. Enter the present day, I'm an upperclassmen undergraduate student studying mechanical engineering. So I play the struggling-stressed-student-with-fibromyalgia-brain-fog game. Also as a female who recently exited a long term relationship, I'm constantly harassed. I've been on so many different meds, some of which made me essentially psychotic (looking at you, Concerta). But even after all this time, I've managed to keep myself afloat. Until recently. I loved my boyfriend dearly, but we (mainly me) both had a lot of issues to work out. We broke up in October 2016 but things didn't really solidify until January 2017. Recently I was told through a Snapchat accidentally sent to me that he hooked up (read: fucked) another woman. One that multiple mutual friends have said looks a lot like me. One that people thought was me.  Keep in mind, I've done cognitive behavioral therapy, I've tried talk therapy, I try to keep my emotions in check. But something inside me just broke. Idk if it had to do with the feeling of being replaced, or him downgrading a lot (obviously I'm biased), but damn. I was freaking crazy for about a week. I know logically I should've talked to a licensed professional but the truth is...they don't help me anymore. I've learned all I could. I don't even know if the medication game is worth it. Everything takes too long. One hour a week with a campus therapist who doesn't even speak fluent English won't help when you're dying inside at 4am on a Tuesday. So it got me thinking. Someday, something conventionally seen as traumatic will happen to me, and I don't know if my weak little heart and mind will be able to handle it. Perhaps a spouse or a parent will die of cancer, or someone I love will get into a car accident. There will be some heartbreak I won't be able to survive. So I asked myself "would you rather be a Prozac zombie, and live a long life with a grey wasteland inside your head? Or feel love and joy, until the pain forces you to end it early?" I'd have to choose the latter. I don't want to create a self fulfilling prophecy, but I can't deny that it's a deep fear of mine that perhaps I am not meant to mentally survive the trials of life. I wonder if anyone else has thought this as well. Psychiatry is cool and helpful, but it's primitive and flawed. I honestly think that sometimes life is just too much. Too much for a doctor to help me with. And I'll have to say goodbye. 