The best failure I've ever made (19M)I am typing this on my phone, please excuse formatting I'm trying my best. :)


Last year I graduated from high school, 365 days ago. It has amazed me how just 365 days can change so much of yourself. In that time I've gone to the maritime academy of my dreams, lost my girlfriend, and my school burnt down (long story). Seeing how much I've changed over the last year really makes me reflect on who I am, who I was, and possibly who I might become.

But, reflecting also dredges up bad memories and some

*close calls*

It was junior year of highschool when I began to not be "in the game", and sidelined myself in life. I had just gotten my first job that summer, and I was working my way through fall semester. I found work easy at school and would find myself on my phone to help pass the time  in class. With new rules the school district was really cracking down on phones in class and writing people up for it. Naturally as well, this didn't follow through well when I would receive detention from school and my parents would hear about it.

To me, my parents image of me was everything, it was the whole reason I worked hard in school. And when that image took a beating so did I. I was so toxic to myself about almost every little thing.

*Fucking kill yourself*
*You stupid piece of shit, can't even remember to bring a pencil*

Those were real thoughts of mine that I wrote in a sort of journal I kept during this time.

Between Thanksgiving and Christmas break I racked up 7  "cell phone violations", 2½ hours of detention later I ended up at home.

 First my parents took so much of my toys ( truck, phone, no bed time, had to wake up by a certain time, etc.), but what was worse was the phycological beat down I would give myself. To put it simply, it was BAD. Looking back I fear that part of myself, how bitter and heartless I could be to myself still bewilders me to this day.

I swore that if I got another detention I would kill myself. What scares me is the seriousness in the thought, I just couldn't deal with the demons in my head anymore. This was just as Christmas break began so I knew I would at least spend a "last Christmas" with my family to see if it was worth it to stick around.

I lasted untill January 26th, 2018.

I remember the phone call to the office, what it meant, and why I was there. I remember the clouds outside, and how the conversation with the man went in a blur. I remember the yelling, the demeaning and the embarrassment of my parents. And I remember then, the hopelessness I felt.

But then what came next was far worse

I went to school the next day and somberly went through the day, and when I got home my parents weren't.

I looked for almost an hour for some way to finish it, end it all, and rid my waste of flesh from the world.

And then it hit me,

Cars go fast and my truck had no airbags

I went back to the front door and grabbed my keys, my wallet, and a pack of fruit snacks. Just as I stepped out the door I saw my mom coming down the driveway.

In the fleeting moment of panic I dropped every plan I had for the night in fear of being labeled suicidal if I was discovered.

That night was the hardest phycological battle I've ever fought. I just couldn't stand myself anymore, so I fought back. I would write in the journal I had and furiously fight myself, pages and pages. I would fall asleep and wake up only to write more. Spilling things so vile from my mind into those pages I dare to ever read again.

But that night I scared myself terribly, I had mutilated the caustic and poisonous person I became. It was that night that I told to myself, *not yet bitch*

It took months but it got better, I re-evaluated my priorities, changed my habits, and really found myself again.

To say again in case you can't read:

 THIS TOOK MONTHS

And I am an enormously better person than that 17 year old me could've ever hoped to be. 

A friend once said to me, 

"The worst is the worst, it dosent matter how bad it is but if it's the worst you've ever seen, then it's the worst"

Everyone has their own struggles, some worse than others and I want to say and I'm also very happy to say, this was my worst. I have seen the toxicity of a mind and the betrayal of yourself. I've been there, and I'm open to talk about it. If there's something you have to share,

PLEASE DO.   
SOMEONE IS THERE, YOU JUST HAVE TO LOOK.


TL:DR, Suicide attempt that was stopped before it started, ever greatfull it was.