Now I've ordered the thingsI've ordered the things I need to carry out my suicide plans – so it's only a matter of time. Can't stand the meaninglessness and loneliness anymore.

I suffer from some kind of cyclical depression so I've been this path a few times before but this time it's different.

My life is pretty sweet. I'm healthy, career on a good path, I'm in a city that I like and I have hobbies to fill up my time. But it's all so meaningless. It gives me nothing. I feel so empty. So: it's another cycle of depression.

I've been to the mental emergency room a few times the last months and I'm now on semi-regular meetings with a psychologist and will problably start taking medicine again. However, there is no pill against lonelines and my social situation.

No one wants to spend time with me. Oh, I can make a few calls or send out a few texts and I'll have a coffee-date lined up in the coming week – but it's been years since someone reached out to me just to hang out.

During this depressive cycle I've had amazing friends that has taken their time to meet up with me, stay at my place and listen to me if I ask them. A few even texts me every now and then to check in on me. Though they just make sure that I am not dead – they never want to actually spend time with me. (However, I guess it's better than those who straight up avoid me after I've opened up to them)

I understand that people get more and more busy now as we grow older. That means it will only go more down-hill from here on out. I've passed the best time of my life.

I have a girlfriend (we don't live together). It's not a fully perfect relationship but I love her more than anything and I've never felt this close to someone. However, her interest in me has faded. She almost never asks me what I'm up to or what my plans are. She never asks any follow-up questions or seem interested in me or what I do. I don't feel like a fully fledged person in her eyes anymore. Maybe I should break up with her – but then I will end something that could be good again – and I'll be 100% alone.

With all of this, I don't have any hope for a brigther future and now have a full plan this coming week. I'll finish up the last few letters and administrative preparations while waiting for the things to arrive.

To the person who showed enough interest to read all of this; there is no point in reaching out or responding. I've had countless talks with friends in person and talked with multiple professionals – all with no improvement. There is no realistic change an internet person could do at this point. There's so many of you kind people in this subreddit, please don't waste time on this lost cause.

I just wanted to get this off my chest in my moment of clarity.