Seeing my life falling apart and shattered into pieces but being too much a coward to end it for good.I read somewhere that it goes like this: the cruelest thing is to have you meet the person you could have become on the day you die. Now I could almost taste the bloody despair coming from it. 

Beginning of this year after my gf broke up with me, I fell into a bottomless hole of loneliness and homesickness that I quit my job and left Europe for my home country China. 

Now it's been several months that I didn't leave my house at all and spend most of the day sleeping or trying to get more sleep with the feeling of guilt accompanying. 

Can't find a job. Feeling too ashamed to answer friends' call. Have quit physical training for almost half a year now. 

Mom being so happy that I finally came back and she was not the least bothered that I did not do anything or not getting a job. She just wants me to be around her - probably me marrying a local girl and spending the rest of my life in this small humid Chinese town - the best! 

It is the worst decision in life and every second of my life is now paying for it. I could not go back to Europe anymore because of the working permit requirement. 

I could have been chilling out with my mates at the canal but look at me now - a pathetic unemployed out-of-shape loser who can speak English and Spanish, sweating in a hot tropical isolated small town in China. 

Parents going to work everyday and living on the highest floor of the building give me so much time sitting on the rooftop and wondering if I could just jump then all these miseries and pains would be gone and maybe in my next life (if there be one) I wish I would be non-educated and simple minded. 

I'm 28 and my life offers the least to expect for me now. I can't imagine I fall in love with anyone here. I can't find a job that pays me well like the last one did. I can't find myself happy with my parents being so controlling. I can't be happy anymore. 

I wish I was dead. 

My friend, if this be a good amusement for you, I would be much delighted that I finally made a good judgement about something. 

And I wish you all the best and happiness in the world. I sincerely do because sometimes I always hope it is only me that suffers and pains. 