Stupid, stupid, stupid.This is disjointed and I'm sorry.

I'm madly in love with a girl. She's lead me on for years. She's dated people after acting like she would get together with me again. I accept it. She ghosts me for months. I accept it. She texts me out of the blue because something reminded her of me. I had a breakdown in my shower for half an hour and act like nothing's wrong when I text her back. I'm still madly in love with her as she makes fun of me, doesn't ever try to comfort me when I need it, as she flirts with anyone who breathes, as she says all the things that she says to me to other people. But still, I'm in love with her. Through the anxiety she induces, through the tears, through the ghosting and the heartbreaks. 

My real life friends have all moved on, have spouses and houses and families while I'm still living alone off of daddy's paycheck and whatever meager funds I can scrounge up. I'm nearly failing school again because I can't handle my classes or anything that life is throwing at me. I can't do it. My GPA is slipping, and with that will go my financial aid that I desperately need. Without it, I'll have to drop out. Without it, I'll be nothing again. Doing nothing with myself, achieving nothing.

I'm the reason my childhood household split. Why me and my siblings grew up with my mother hardly around. I wrote plans to run away or kill myself that someone found and didn't take seriously. I planned it out and once took an entire bottle of pills. I woke up the next day and cried. 

I can't get a job. I'm rejected every time that I apply. I'm unlovable and shove away anyone who tries to care for me. All my relationships ended because I emotionally fucking check out of everything. I can never maintain love and affection for anyone. I just fucking fake it until I can't anymore. I can never be independent or make anything of myself. I have separation anxiety like I'm a goddamn dog from a shelter. I feel like nothing but a fucking mistake. A burden.

I don't know why I'm writing this all out. I don't know why I try because nobody fucking cares. I reach out to everyone and do my best to make sure they're all okay but nobody ever checks on me. Nobody ever listens to me, nobody ever soothes me as I cry. I'm a sponge for all their pain and suffering and everything that ails them, but when the tides turn, they all scatter. I'm a doormat for them all. They use me and abuse me and run for newer, shinier people to treat them better.

There's no point anymore. Everyone loves the attention I give. Everyone loves me until I'm not useful anymore and throw me away like I'm trash. And I can't handle it. I can't keep doing it again and again. I can't. I keep walking into these situations and fucking myself over again and again. None of them would even care if I disappeared. If I just fucking died. Would they even notice that their old, broken toy is gone?