Words cant describeThis post will be scrambled, so I apologize in advance. I dont know where to start. As of 2017 I attempted suicide twice, went psychotic and became hated after a breakup. I been having homicidal urges towards my old landlord and the son. Everyday feeling like Im worser than Hitler. Everyday I dont see the purpose in living in this life anymore. I have fear of everything and I realized that everybody , all the Gods will look down upon people like me . Im having dreams of my ex and it feels like hell. Intrusive thoughts coming out of nowhere.  Everyday I am in deep melancholic trances just to not feel so bad. Insanity creeps up to the point I question how much can i go on longer. I abuse my body with cigarettes. I talk to myself when Im alone. I think about all the people who took their lives after a relationship ended. I feel guilty sometimes just laughing anf watching a movie. Everyday feels like a unbelievable nightmare. I took my relationship harder than when my brother went for prison for murdering his girlfriend. Love Im too irrational for it. I dont live in reality. As a kid all I wanted was to be happy but I shouldve realized something was wrong when I was wandering off too much in my mind and afraid to be around people. I been over depressed for many years. I reinvented depression and I went to deep levels of misery. My mind for some reason doesnt process reality well. I work as a security guard so its not so bad. I tried hanging myself last monday but got tired of not being able to blackout. Today i was in the shower and I thought about three woman who comiitted suicide and imagined me being thier best friends and making them feel beautiful. Last week I apologized to God and asked him to forgive us all and to put all of us in a better reality. I look at news about people killing and getting killed . I feel like my body is breaking down slowly due to my behavior. I isolate and avoid my landlord who I live with. I indulge into porn and irrational thinking. I go through so many mindsets everyday. I use to live in a dream world now my dreams feels like an extension of my real life. I dont want any advice of any kind . I just wanted to express how I feel. To all the people on here I really want you to be all happy. Your all special in my book. I wish I could take all of your pain away and see you all just in a state of bliss. I want you all to be happy and I dont want you all to suffer anymore. My heart goes out to every single of you.