I have no reason to live.I've been wanting to end my life since I was about 9 years old. I was going through a rough time back then; my brother was abusing me, my dad lived in another country (but was my best friend), and my mum and I hated each other. It was all so crappy but I had friends at school who were my world, they were my family and I loved them dearly. But when I was 16 I moved schools and became very depressed and pushed every one of them away and they left me behind. The only person who I let in my life was my boyfriend (who turned out to be a cheating, manipulative pig) and my mother. With the suicidal thoughts and self-harming, my father started to cut himself off and now won't speak to me at all (I'm 21). I got through 2 years of hell and a suicide attempt, and got a part-time job so I could continue training in opera (but I can't afford to move out).

Now I have no friends, and I'm too afraid to make any new ones in case they leave me too. The friends of my childhood won't have anything to do with me, and who can blame them? They have their own lives. My mum, who fought so hard to keep me here a couple of years ago, isn't interested in spending time with me. Now I know she only wanted to keep me around because of her own pro-life "life is precious" beliefs. I'm starting to hate my job because it's not what I want to do. But no school or company or production is willing to cast me in anything, always saying that I "don't have the right look". Even my therapist seems to be running out of ideas to help me. I'm sure he knows a lost case when he sees one. 

I remember being 18 and lying in hospital after a suicide attempt, completely alone and frightened, and thinking that I couldn't get any lower. I haven't risen from there. I'm ugly. I'm fat. I'm an utter waste of space. 7.5 billion people on the planet, and even my parents don't want to be around me. I'm only good for being ignored.

I'm sorry for how long this post is, I hope I didn't waste anyone's time. Just had to get this out.