So sad....I'm in my mid 30's and tbh, it's a bit sad to see so many that are half my age (mind you, I'm still considered young in this age, due to how long the average person can live) that are just.......done. I can't blame them, nor fault them in any way for it, given how/what our world is turning into, but it's still a rather sad situation. So many haven't experienced life, yet they're fed up with it and it's an understandable thing. 

Look at what society/the world is anymore. Money, money, money, status, who you know, what you know, what everyone else *thinks* you should be. Everyone telling you what/who you should be. What you should look like, believe in, who to talk to, what to talk about, etc. Else, be shunned/ostracized from society as a 'weirdo' or an 'outcast' and be put on some stupid fucking list.

Why? Seriously, why? Why should any of that shit matter? Why should we all have to bow down to what *everyone else thinks,* instead of being focused on what *WE* think or feel? It's a screwed up system and since it's not going to change, why force your ideals on another? 

Just because YOU may see things a certain way, doesn't mean that someone who suffers does. Just because YOU don't want something on your conscience or see something as wrong, what gives you the right to judge what another goes/has gone through? 

Sure, some can relate or have been through similar things, I know I have. But, does that truly give anyone the right to tell someone what they can/can't do? How they should/shouldn't feel when YOU don't know wtf they've been/going through? There are certain things that run deeply. So deeply, it's not that easy for those going through it to forget or just 'get over'.

Sometimes, you have to consider, no matter how fucked up, that's THEIR choice and respect that. Not condoning certain actions, nor am I rejecting them......Guess I just have to ramble this shit off in my own state of mind that I am undergoing. 

I am, currently, debating if tonight is the night or if I should bother seeing what becomes of this twisted world, but that's just ME. I have 0 control over others, nor should I have control over them. 

Sure, I can attempt advice/input, but that truly makes me a hypocrite when I'm considering the same thing many on this sub are. Guess what I am saying is, actually consider others and not just use fancy words to act like you give a shit. So it makes your day fucked up if someone carries through with their choice, so what? It was THEIR choice, who are you to fault them over it, just for the sake of YOU having warm fuzzies at night? How do you know things will get better for them? Are you in their shoes? Have you experienced, completely, what they've gone through in life?

Now, this doesn't mean I fault anyone for attempting to aid someone that needs it, but one should truly reflect on more than their own emotions in regards to such situations. Sometimes, support comes in many more ways than you know.