Im way too fucked, worthless piece of trash and my brain is literally killing me.Oh boy where do I start...
Theres so much wrong with me: i have extreme body dysmorphia, eating disorders (literally lived through couple of them and still fighting), OCD with neverending rituals, addictions, add, social anxiety, onychotillomania, loneliness.
Literally every aspect of my life is * f u c k e d *.
Body dysmorphia was caused by bullying and being a former fat kid, I hate my face, I hate my body and I just hate hate how I look. I was a food addict since I was a kid till I became anorexic and then a binge eater later again. People only liked me during my anorexic year(btw I was 13-14 when i had anorexia). It was a best year, even adults loved how thin I looked and gave me compliments, those compliments meant a lot to me because before that people wouldnt even say hi to me or look at me. 

After anorexia recovery everyone turned away again and started bullying, hating me again lol...and loneliness + binge eating started again. 

By the age of 16 to 17 I almost became an alcoholic. Literally everyday I binge ate and drank. 

And oh boy I almost forgot how OCD rituals fucked me all day everyday(they still do ofc) I would even do them when I was drunk, literally nothing stopped my compulsions. 

Fast forward to now. Just celebrated 18th bday alone. Im so fucking lonely, dont have a partner , but ocd fucks me a lot tho hahahaha, social anxiety is through the roof, body dysmorphia is my side bitch. Atleast im eating healthy tho but its taking me so much strength to not binge, i dont drink but im abusing phenibut and I workout a lot to get my mind off somewhere. I cant study because my mind is just all over the place.

And ofc I want to kill myself because I hate myself and noone has showed me how to love myself and idk what even is love i never experienced it. My suicidal thoughts make everything better, they make me feel calm because theres an escape from all of this fucked up life and I will do it, i will hang myself sometime soon.