It all started when I started biting my arms in third gradeI have honestly no idea why I should even post this mess. I don't expect anyone to really read this or anything. I just really want to throw this down the void of the internet and see if it makes me feel better. I have had mental issues ever since 3rd grade. These all started developing when I was changed schools for 2nd grade. When I first moved there I was really hopeful, I tried to make friends right of the bat but that must have been a bit too optimistic lol. I was instead greeted by a handful of people who saw my weakness and exploited it. I was bullied, harassed, made fun of just about every single day I took the bus to school. I would have several people forcefully sit next to me just to tell me what a failure I was. All these insults began to fester to where it took a huge hit on my self esteem right around when I went into 3rd grade. I began to wish for my own destruction. So just about every time someone told me I was failing at something (could be as little as me getting a few questions wrong on a test) I would forcibly bite down hard on my arm (most of the time not drawing blood). Of course one teacher eventually noticed and I was sent to an elementary counselor where I had told them my feelings of being worthless but they never gained the insight to why I was like that (the bullying). And I don't blame them of course its hard to get info outta children. But regardless the same people would still pick and pick till I had about no self esteem left. I had given up entirely, I stopped doing anything to make myself not look like a wreak (stopped brushing hair,  brushing teeth, etc.). This of course, only made the problem worse and caused more people to look at me as vulnerable. Shortly after this I had one person threaten to beat the shit outta me. Today was the day I'd finally look for support. So I went up to a recess monitor and told her how one kid just threatened me and how much it distressed me. She told me and I quote "You know what I tell my kids when they come up to me with nonsense like this? Go talk to the wall because that's the only one who'll listen". Looking back on it she probably just thought I was just trying to cause drama and ignored me for it. But I think if she knew the extent of it all, she'd regret that response. So moving on now to fifth grade and rather than biting my own arms I took to ripping out my eyelashes and eyebrows. This action soon became apparent. The day it all came crashing down was when I made a dirty joke and couldn't handle the punishment for it. I broke, and spewed how upset I was to the teachers and how much I hated myself and how much others at the school had hated me. Rather than cause an intervention with the students they blamed my parents for my problems and I was sent to the principles office where I had to wait about 30 min for them to decide what to do while I was having what I think was a panic attack looking back at it. They decided to send me and my brother home in a police car to our house, I felt like a criminal. The police officer came and searched through our home and we became suspect of social services. My parents thought that I hated them, they thought that I wanted to go to foster care and told me that if I did I should have just asked. I'll never forget the look on my mom's face when she thought I didn't love her. It hurt so bad. So flash forward about a year the investigation is over and we were free from investigation because they found nothing showing that I was in a bad home. I remember also being forced into counseling and it doing absolute squat for me lol. But now in sixth grade (its the same school still just a weird elementary school with "middle school prep" so I was there for one more year). Most of my bullies are gone and I don't deal much with that. But I feel like the school still seriously resented my parents because about every week or so they'd take me into the vice principles office and yell at me if I don't get all my homework done or once they brought me in and made me cry because my handwriting was sloppy. They did this to none of the other kids btw. I also had gotten all 90's and above on my testing, they really had no reason to yell at me. But they did constantly, just trying to get me to brake again and start another investigation. Several of the teachers by now have seen me be bullied but never mentioned it. In fact I got yelled at once for saying "thank you" to insults I received (I was trying to be clever to piss them off) from the teachers in front of the class and they didn't even yell at the bully. 

Now I am a senior in highschool with major depression and I constantly think of suicide. One of my big plans is once I can drive to swerve for a "squirrel" and hit a tree crash and kill myself while on an organ donor list so my lifeless body can be more important than it ever was when I was alive, I feel like I'd just be worth more in pieces. I don't think I'll ever do this but its always on the back of my mind. I have had a boyfriend now for a little over 5 years and he is amazing. I just wish I could support him more and my issues would stop consuming me. I frequently burn my ankles with a hot glue gun and give myself second degree burns and claw at my skin. I really don't think I deserve him or to be alive for that matter. I don't know how to be "normal" anymore. Every single day is a struggle and I can't claw my way out of this void i'm in, maybe writing all this down will help me somehow...

&amp;#x200B;

For anyone who read all of that hot mess sorry that it was so lengthy. Don't feel like you have to reply or anything because you don't and its ok. I hope that it was somewhat interesting to read and I didn't waste too much of your time.