I feel like I shouldn't be posting here, since I'm such a cowardI want to commit suicide so bad, but I can't even do it.  Every time I get the courage to, I back out at the last minute.  Every. Single. Time.  I'm a coward.  Committing suicide takes guts and courage.  Jumping off a bridge, kicking the bucket, taking drugs, shooting yourself, running in front of a train... All of this stuff takes a massive amount of courage that I don't have.  I'm a coward.

Part of me has a tiny bit of hope yet for the future.  I mean, people have come out of much worse than I'm in right now, and they're happy.  Perhaps I can find happiness too? And there are some people who have it much worse than I do but are *happy*.  There are probably an infinite number of ways to achieve it, but I haven't found it yet.  Maybe, in the future, I can find happiness, and hold onto it with all I've got.

Another thing that bothers me is that you can only commit suicide once.  I usually just sleep my day away.  I can make that decision as many times as I like, as long as I'm alive.  And as long as I'm asleep, I don't have to deal with my emotions.  I might regret committing suicide.  In my next life I might *remember* committing suicide and remember my past life, and regret it.

The last reason I haven't committed suicide is because I'm just too damn scared.  I believe in reincarnation, but I'm afraid of reincarnating into a worse situation.  I could be a woman in Saudi Arabia.  Or a cow destined to be slaughtered and eaten.  Or living in poverty in a third world country.  I could be starving and living in fear of being bombed.  It *could* be worse, in my next life.  Or, my next life could be easier.  I could be born an upper class white man.  I could live in California in a mansion and have a nice car, a girlfriend, and a group of sincere, lifelong friends.  I could go to Harvard and become a doctor.  I could save people's lives and come home to a beautiful wife and some lovely children, and a lick on the face from a big dog.  The thing that scares me is that I have *no idea* what kind of life I'd be born into if I reincarnate.  The shit I'm going through is nowhere half as bad as it is for others.  I could be born into an average life, a very shitty one, or a luxurious one.  I just have no idea which one it'll be.  And because life is so bad for most people, there's a high possibility I'll be born into a worse life.

I really want to get over the fear of dying because I'm feeling so suicidal right now.  I can think of nothing but dying.  How everyone will be better off.  I just want to go to sleep but I've been sleeping all day so I'm not even tired.  I have also started feeling less emotions.  I stopped missing people.  I don't grieve.  If someone dies I just feel *nothing*.  If someone moves away I feel *nothing*.  I live alone and don't miss anybody.  I don't ever feel lonely.  In fact, every time I'm around people, I just feel the desire to run away and hide somewhere on my own.  I haven't formed a crush on someone in who knows how long.  I have never felt romantic love in my life.  I haven't even kissed, had sex, or even held hands with a guy.  I've had a few crushes but most of them were brief.  Not to mention I'm not even *attracted* to men in general.  My brief crushes were entirely non-sexual.  But I still want to be a normal girl who will enjoy sex and kissing.  But I'm not normal.  I probably have some kind of weird hormonal issue.

I also find I can't experience happiness or even compassion.  I used to always want to help people.  Now if someone needs help (dropped groceries or books, tripped and fell, etc. I just pass on by, not even caring.  I don't feel happiness either.  

I only feel a few emotions: regret, anger, guilt, sadness, self-hate, or nothing at all.

I hate myself for being such a coward.  Why can't I just kick the bucket? Every time I try and kill myself I just break down and cry, feeling like a worthless coward.  I want to be more courageous so I could just DO something.  There is a cliff nearby and I can never bring myself to jump off it.  I hate myself for being so ugly.  I want to be pretty.  I don't even care if I'm beautiful, as long as I'm just slightly good looking.  I hate myself because I stutter.  I can't talk normal.  It is physically difficult for me to speak.  I hate it.  I hate myself because I've always been a freak.  I *hate* *hate* *hate* myself so much.  There's no one I hate more in this world than me.

If I were courageous I would not be afraid of taking risks.  I would not be scared of taking a chance.  Taking the chance of being born in a worse life.  Heck, I could even be born into a much better one.  Why have I always been so afraid of taking chances? I've never asked out a crush because I was afraid of rejection.  I've avoided reading certain books or watching certain movies because I was afraid of not enjoying them.  I've always been afraid to just talk to people because I might stutter.  Taking chances terrifies me because I couldn't handle it if it went wrong.  I'm a *weak* person.

If I killed myself, no one would miss me.  My parents don't love me.  I don't have any friends.  Plus, would it really be so bad if I died anyway? I'm just another person.  Dying would leave zero impact.  It wouldn't affect *anything*.  The world would keep on spinning and people would keep on living.  I'm just another insignificant person.  Literally the only thing that would be bad if I died is being born into a worse life.  That fear is holding me back.

Tldr; suicidal but I'm afraid of dying.  I'm a coward.