My girlfriend hints that she wants to kill herselfHey reddit. Something has really caught my attention recently.. So I've been dating my girlfriend since Halloween 2017, we've had an amazing relationship and I'd have to say that she's the greatest person that I've ever met. We've had so much fun together going places, on dates an thinking of our future and basically doing anything and everything fun that we can think of that we have the money for and or want to do. 

So, we're quite a weird couple. She has her ups and downs and so do I. When I say weird, I mean basically every type of weird. She literally just texted me saying "Huh. I just thought about how my mom grew my vagina in her vagina" We have those cute moments and are really comfortable around each other (very comfortable) 

Our relationship was basically spot on perfect for the first three months or so when we first started dating. We talked nonstop and still do to this day, we practically never run out of things to talk about. The difference now is, we argue a lot more :( My family is Christian and quite religious and she comes from a family of non religious people. Now, me myself I'm not as into it as let's say my mom is. Every once in a while I'll go to church with my family but I'm definitely not a saint by any means.. That's where this really all started. (Somewhat)

We were both virgins, we lost each others virginity together and needless to say, it was awesome. We were careful and never got caught. However there was this one night that she a metal wire bra on and it was hurting her after wearing it for a while. We were comfortable enough in our relationship that I said it would be okay to take it off while she wore a hoodie over it so she could get more comfortable while we watched Supernatural :).. Big mistake..

The day after, my mom came into my room for whatever the hell reason while I was at work and saw my girlfriend's bra on the floor and flipped out. The next time we were hanging out at my house my mom burst into my room after she was here for a while and started interrogating the both of us, screaming about underage sex and sins and stuff, mainly at her. That brings me into the other thing that  you should know about my girlfriend..

She's adopted. Her birth mom was on many drugs when she was giving birth so she was born with a few things wrong with her. One, she has small little seizures if she doesn't take medicine for it, and two, she's quite bipolar. Me myself I am EXTREMELY bipolar, probably worse than her, but after being "parented" by someone else's mom and being screamed at by MY mom of all people.. It definitely pissed her off. She said some things about my mom over text, not to her at all but to me. My mom then for some reason decided to go on my computer and read all of our texts. You can imagine how that went. MY mom wants her to apologize for saying that she is a bitch and my GIRLFRIEND want's my mom to apologize for getting in her face and for a multitude of things that would take me a long time to explain.. So basically this whole conflict arose and she is no longer allowed at my house and no one in my family likes her :( 

She lives about 40 miles away from my house so getting there and paying for gas is quite difficult for either of us. Whenever we want to hang out, it's either I drive my car and I hang out at her house (which I haven't been able to do until recently) or she comes to me and we hang out at the mall or in her car.. This needless to say isn't really normal relationship material but we love each other very much and weren't just going to let my religious parents stop us from dating. However, it gave her a LOT of stress as well as me. The difference between the two of us is she has a lot more depressing history that has happened to her compared to me. So the stress affects us two very differently.. I can handle it a little better than she can. 

We've been arguing about money, about if one of us puts enough effort into the relationship and it's gotten so serious to the point of threatening stop talking for a while.. Now, oddly the only time we argue is over text when we haven't seen each other in a while. In person, a lot of people say we're "goals" or whatever teen shit they say that makes me cringe aha. The TL;DR is that we're pretty happy in person and we're a great couple. 

Now, when I say that she's had some tough past, I mean this.. I've mentioned that her mom was on drugs when she was born, she had to live with her birth mom for four years of her life and it wasn't good. She now lives with Her birth mom's foster mom and she's a MUCH better mom. However she's an old lady and her adoptive dad is no longer around.. Which I had to be there for her when that happened. When she was little she wasn't treated well by her birth mom, and when she was young she was raped.. She has a history of cutting and severe depression because of the seizure medicine's she's been on and has extreme mood swings because of the depo vera shot (birth control).. I've caught her cutting twice and made her promise that she wouldn't do it ever again. She's very hard to argue with as her dad was a lawyer and she thinks that facts and evidence are more important than morals. I'm kinda just rambling now though.. 

For about a month or so she's said multiple times that she's thought about killing herself and that my mom would be happy, and that I'd get over it, which I know that I wouldn't.. Not for a long time at least. She says that she's been blank and doesn't feel anything at times. I want to help her and although I make out our relationship to be amazing, I don't want this to accelerate into something that I can't help. She doesn't have friends that talk to her and she lives out in a farm house with no neighbors and is alone for most of her time. She's already out of high school and hasn't started college yet. Maybe college will help but that doesn't start until September.. I want to help her, sometimes I just don't know what words to use, the hormones in her make her change moods really quickly and we could literally be talking about what makeup she should buy and then she'll turn it around into an argument. I don't want her to end her life.. It's probably not as serious as my anxious self makes it out to be.. But I want to help her.. I really hope she doesn't mean it..