Molested and neglected... I feel like life has given up on me since the day I was born.My mom died when I was 18. She was using hard drugs for a long time (cocaine and crack). That left me with the responsibly of my two younger sisters 14 and 16 at the time of her death. We have different dads.. That left me with a pain that has never healed.. He wouldn't let me call him dad like he did my sisters.. My real dad is either my older brothers dad... Or his uncle... Neither of them want to claim me.. Even though I'm an adult and never wanted monetary support from them. I have given all that I am to be strong for my sisters, kept the state from separating them.. Raised them from as far back as I can remember.. My uncle molested me from at least 1st grade until 5th grade when we moved. My mom didn't believe me when I told her it was happening.. I have swallowed it all down for so long.. Just to be the rock for what was left of my family. Now all these memeories and pain are flooding out of me.. And I can't control what I once thought I had overcome. I cry constantly and have flashbacks of abuse that I can't ignore. We moved from Albuquerque NM to Raleigh NC.. HUGE change from the laid back southwest.. To a shitty project that claimed our mother. I'm so afraid of how this is taking over my psyche. I have never been addicted to drugs.. But have found myself drinking and thinking about how much easier it would be if I just went to sleep and never woke up. I tried therapy.. I hate the use of pills to slap a bandaid on the true pain.. The few friends I have confided in don't understand.. I just don't know what to do anymore. I'm in constant pain and self loathing... I feel so alone. I have many things that I NEED to live for.. But physical and mental pain keep me coming back for a hard slap in the gut... I'm worthless. My own mother and father? Never cared enough to save me... I can't break free of the cycle.. I'm good looking according to friends and family... Have so much to live for... I just keep reverting back to that little girl my uncle made me... Dress up in your mom's clothes... No one will ever believe you.. He even had a grave that he took me to... With his name on it.. Said if I told, no one would believe me.. Because he was "already dead." I've had back pain since I was little.. I think because of the sexual abuse. I'm not sure.. I just know that as an adult.. I can't understand why life has been so cruel to me.. When All I do is try to help others. Please Reddit. Help me feel like death isn't the cure.