will this finally kill me
- I will say in advance, im mainly talking about drugs here (ket) and need some advice or just a yes/no from someone with experience please. I don’t know if this is the right place to put this but it got deleted on the other subs
- sorry for the long read

this weekend i’m going to be trying K for the first time, I have 2.5g and any alcohol (probably vodka) that I may need. I have done some research and it appears to be potentially fatal,so I was wondering if it was painful or if I am able to end on a good trip here. the way I see it, I can sit get on ps4, have fun for a few hours with my friends and some drinks then before I get too drunk I can switch everything else off, put on some music I like then take as much K as I need to have a hopefully good time (in all honesty I don’t mind if it’s not that good I just want it to be painless because i’m a coward I guess).

and some backstory of my situation if anyone cares to read :

over the past, I would say about 6 months, I have been feeling constantly depressed, down, unmotivated, suicidal on many occasions. a few months ago I self referred myself for help and was diagnosed with anxiety, depression and PTSD, and put on the waiting list for cognitive therapy. since then i’ve had no help or anything and it’s just the same old shit, in fact I felt worse when I was getting some help at the time.

as a whole, I’m just sick of it. with corona and all, i’ve been at work doing so much recently due to the high needs and it’s very physically draining, but it’s the only thing that’s temporarily distracting me from my head. my days are basically wake up, go to work if I have it that day, get home and stare at a wall or just sit on my chair (sometimes play ps4 with old friends). over the past few months I have only stayed here because of my friends, but now I feel that since i’ve been so detached and spent so much time alone doing nothing, it’s the right time for me to go.

if anyone has any experience with this scenario (getting drunk then taking anywhere up to 2.5g of ket) could you please just let me know if this will work

thanks, and sorry again for the long read :)