Women are afraid of expressing their sexuality.Where I live, women are forced not to express their sexuality. I am not gonna go around bullshitting on the country I live or the culture. But I've had enough with the way most of them treats women. Let's consider the case of a rape victim, If the victim is someone that doesn't dress or live up to their social norms, what happened to them was their mistake. The lady deserved to be sexually assualted for wearing revealing clothing or going out at night. She literally asked for it by intentionally enabling themselves to be in a situation like that. You're a living, breathing human and you're bound to enjoy sexuality as much as men does. But your gender makes you sl*t, sex before marriage is a sin, women aren't meant to have multiple sexual partners, this is what I've heard and been taught my entire life. 

Yesterday, I shared an image of two couple from the new Netflix film The Old Guard on my Instagram story, and my ex boyfriend literally just called and yelled this to me "Do you really know how everyone perceives a women who shares pictures of gay dudes on social media? Quit proving everyone you're a who*e." Seriously, the picture I shared was in no way sexually suggestive. It was simply a picture of two guys I found adorable and he went on to dig the entire plot and came off attacking me. I know this makes no sense, but that's how things go around where I live. I personally don't have problem with people with having multiple partners in the past aslong they're not being unfaithful and is in no risk of transmitting STDs. But once the word goes out that you're not a virgin and had two or more sexual partners, bravo you just made to the sl*t list! You're no longer bound to have a family, friends or to be respected. In general, their so called sl*ts doesn't deserves to have a decent life, despite doing nothing but enjoying their sexuality. Even the emotionally manipulated, blackmailed ones aren't considered 'victims' in front of the society. Revenge porn, leaking illicit contents are all well appreciated because a girl chose to end relationship with a guy. Even if someone's cheating or had enough with a relationship, no one deserves to have their private images and videos upload on the internet for someones sick pleasure.

What a sick place I live in!