I can't feel I just can't keep going. I don't care i watch people die in videos and feel nothing i see family members in the hospital i feel nothing close friend gets divorced i make a snide comment the world would be far better without me. 

I have since 15 or so noticed that i have problems with emotions. I would say incorrect things have problems connecting with people and in general not know what to do. I have become rather good at showing proper emotions since then. I even have friends that care about me and i some times can connect with them even, but most of interactions are simply me showing what is expected of me not what i feel. I feel like i am an actor and live in fear that some one will find me out that some one one day will take off my mask and just see the listless eyes underneath and realize it's all been a show. 

The thing is the worst part are my thoughts are horrid awful  things the things of nightmares. Like what would happen if all my family died and all i can think is i hope i could pay for the funerals. Not how sad i would be not how would i keep going on no i would worry about how i would get on not them. 

I just want it to be over. The dreams of me finding love and being happy only to wake up from them sitting in my bed alone. Why would i kid my self who wants to love a 25yr old fat ass who can't do a damn thing right. I can't even get a date, guy or girl they all just see me as this platonic friend the center of attention the one who makes the jokes the one who can make others laugh except hes dead inside. 

I just want to cry but i can't even get that right that's right i am here wanting to kill my self and all i can feel is rage at my ineptitude. All i see are my fuck ups the times i let my guard down the times i showed emotions all the times i said something stupid it's a highlight reel of fuck ups. 

I just want feel something before i die to show my real self to someone and not be told how fucked up it is. I just don't see the point of any of it any more no one will miss some misanthropic asshole who can't even cry. 