Low mood from issues at work(Also posted on r/advice)

23, M, UK

Evening all. I’m relatively new to reddit but have been lurking a while and noticed that this sub gives decent advice, and I’m feeling quite low this evening and feel I need to share my thoughts if you don’t mind.

I’ve been at my place of work three years, I love it. It’s the industry I’ve always wanted to work in, the pay and benefits are great and I love the day to day stuff. I’ve attached myself to a group of friends which is great too, but over the past year there’s been a few times where people inside this friendship group have made some comments “in jest” which have really hurt me. I’ve tried writing it off as banter plenty of times, and I know I am oversensitive so have to write some of it off as that too, but especially recently I’ve been struggling to cope more and more. 

Like this afternoon for example; I was in a perfectly happy mood having worked on my own all day, then walk into the office to complete some paperwork before I go home and three of the guys are in there. The dominant influencer of the three makes some comments dressed as “banter”, and instantly I feel a sense of dread. Like someone has pressed a light switch, I feel a warm queasy feeling all over my body and I feel my chest go all fluttery. I struggle not to cry in front of them and leave quickly. I won’t go into the comments made, not because they are particularly nasty or anything but it requires inside knowledge of the job I do and that would take even longer to explain. 

Anyway so I’m feeling pretty terrible about all this, and begin to have violent visualisations where I’m hurting myself, like deeply cutting into my arms or falling from a tall building and my bones smashing. I can’t stop these visions from appearing in my head and I’m almost craving the physical sensation that they depict. I do have a history of depression and low mood which stems from childhood (I’m 23 now).  In recent times these visions of me hurting myself seem to become my default response to feeling low. The violent thoughts soon progress into suicidal thoughts and I then spiral and get more &amp; more upset.

I can’t tell work how I feel because if I admit the thoughts in my head I will be taken away from the work that I love and probably end up being made to go sick which will make me feel 100x worse.

My bf knows I get sad from time to time but I don’t want to burden him with my problems because I’m scared that it’ll put him off (which is pretty illogical because we live together and have been together a good while). I don’t like burdening my parents either because they’ve got their own worries. 

I don’t want to confront the boy because when I’ve told him before that he’s upset me I’m made to feel like the one in the wrong because I can’t handle the banter. Likewise I can’t report it to work because I don’t want to be labelled a grass, and I’ve always believed I should have the courage to confront the person and if I can’t or won’t do that then I shouldn’t get anyone else involved.

I know I’m giving excuses for literally every possible solution, (and I’m sorry about that because I can’t stand it when others do that) but I guess just writing this post is helping to a degree 

Thanks for listening to me, anon internet user. Wish I had the balls to tell someone in real life.

TLDR: Friends at work are saying hurtful things, I’m unsure if I’m being oversensitive but regardless it’s causing me to have violent visualisations of hurting myself/suicide which I can’t turn off &amp; I feel I can’t turn to anyone else in real life.