Random suicidal thinking do to extreme stress at home. Feel like theres no way out.Being in such a horrible environment at home with my mom is literally making me go insane. I'm starting to fall apart. My mom is an alcoholic who is constantly engaging in verbal abuse and treats me like a child. I'm home from college because of Covid- 19 shut the dorms down. I would've gotten an apartment but I actually wanted to stay with my family and summer break is the only opportunity I have to see my boyfriend, who is my only support in this world. We are normally long distance. If I got an apartment in my college town who knows when I'd see him again. And if I tried to pay for my own apartment my parents would cut me off completely. I rely on them to pay for college. I don't know how I would pay for my college without them. Scholarships are only a couple thousand dollars at best, I'd be in crippling debt for the rest of my life. I try so hard to love my mom and I do, but shes tearing me apart. Over this past month I have both emotionally and physically changed due to the stress. I'm working on finding a job, so I can have enough money to get a place when I go back in fall, but I'm so afraid they'll cut me out of their lives completely if I try to do something on my own. I've been having some suicidal thinking, but its only in the moment of fighting with my mom or trying to escape her. Today she tried to force me to take her prescription pill to help me go to bed earlier, I said no nicely many times but she still followed me around with it in her hands, then things got more serious. I slammed her out of my room and now shes furious. The next few days are going to be a living hell for me. I feel like there is no escape to my situation. Sometimes I wish I was never born into this family and wish I was dead, other times I feel selfish because my situation could be a million times worse. In the moment I feel like it would just be easier to cease my existence, but I'm pretty sure I'd never actually be able to commit suicide, I'm not sure. I've thought about going to the hospital for my suicidal thoughts but I feel bad because that's not something I want doctors to have to deal with right now with everything going on and I'd feel even worse once I'm finally calm, perhaps I have bipolar disorder or I don't actually want to committ suicide. Because I'm also worried about it being on my record. Really stupid question, sorry I'm a very sheltered person, but do employers see that you have been hospitalized for suicidal thinking? My parents mentioned to me that if you go somewhere for mental health problems, it's on your record. I don't know what to do anymore. I'm just trying to get by until fall without completely falling apart. Any advice for that? Or advice on how to deal with my mom? I want to live and I want to get out of here and start my life. I feel so behind on life and so unbelievably stressed, that suicide has crossed my mind before and I really don't want to have those feelings.