Facing an impasse where suicide seems logically justifiableThe impasse, I suppose you could call it, is that I am facing issues regarding student debt. After Pell Grants and government Student Loans were taken out, I still owe $4,000... for this semester. I have a bad time with money, and I don't mean that in the sense that I live expensively; my total cost of living here in the dorms comes to about $80 a month. What I mean is that the sight of having such a number in front of me, needing to be met by December, scared the shit out of me back in August, and is still scaring the shit out of me now, leading to my usual coping mechanisms of drowsiness and dissociation until I can't even think about it anymore.

I've done some research into government student loans, and I found that ultimately it would be forgiven in the case of permanent disability (something like an ampuation), or in the case of death. The "nice" thing all along is that if I were to commit suicide at this current point, my family wouldn't have to foot a dime to pay for the loans, which they most certainly cannot (and before you ask, no, there's no way they can afford a Parent PLUS loan). However, with that $4,000, I'm left with not many other solutions other than a Private Student Loan, ones that to my knowledge do not forgive in the case of either of the above situations. That scares the hell out of me; I don't know if I could honestly guarantee that I'd be able to cling onto life for long enough to pay them off.

The other solution would be to get a job, but there are two problems with that. First off, I don't have a car (nor a reliable means of transportation to any job; Uber's out of the question, too, it's too dang expensive). Second, the jobs on campus would only cover about half of that, as we're capped at working 20 hours a week. 

And yes, I know news of my suicide would hurt my family dearly. However, I don't even know whether they'd be happier seeing me living miserably for years or knowing that after suicide I'd finally be at peace. All I know for sure is that either I accept private student loans and sign away my exit plan, drop out and have to pay the rest of the current $12,000 or so already due, or "drop out" of a window. It's a damn complicated problem in my head, one that I know I'm the one who made it for myself. The cycle of self-destructive tendencies, eh? Some of us just never learn, I suppose.