1 of the reasons i can't be socialI am going to say sorry, for the use of horrible english in this thread.
Alright this might sound a bit stupidborn ? I just don't get it, and someone might be able to explain it to me, or share their own opinion, or just experience of the situation. Alright so had these 3 friends once, each at different times. The first one, was the first person i ever opened up to. Due to a harsh childhood, with a father with anger problems, which ended up him beating me almost everyday, and a mother who couldn't say no to him, and always being the unwanted child. One day she just abandoned me, without a trace of what i did wrong. Which really destroyed me. From that time i closed myself in from the normal sociaty, because i didn't wanted to get hurt again. After 6 years of me being alone, i finally found someone who i throught, i could open up to. I did and he got down with depression, and quited everything. He left the school, and deleted contacts to everyone. Including me. So again i was hurted, and so on bla bla... Don't want this to be too long. Here this year i found this girl named Julie, which filled all the emptiness inside me but i fucked a little bit up. I was a little to clingy, and confessed my love (yeah i love her and i still do) Too her at a very bad time, and now 1 month and 21 days later (still counting) i still miss her everyday. If she could be here again just as a friend i would be forever gratefull. She doesn't care about me, she has replaced me. So my question to everybody, if you made it through my whining. Is have you experienced anything similar? Because as i mentally stand, i can't open up to people anymore. Before you rant about "Just because a few things, isn't going your way." then think about this for a few second. They where the only persons, i trusted without a shadow of a doubt, and they all betrayed me. It may not seem like a big deal for you, but for me it certainly is.

I also have this childhood friend called, Astrid (Which i fucking adore i love that girl) but i don't know if i can trust her, enough to tell her all this. I'm scared she is going to leave me too.
She has her own problems, and her own life. I dont want to ruin it with my life problems, just because i can't be happy doesnt mean i should drag others down with me.