Suicidal might do it FridaySo I’ve always been anti-social growing up. Not many friends, a loner, when I got to about 9 or 10 I stopped being friends with people because I noticed people made me the target for jokes. I would get bullied beat up ruled out. I got so used to it that in high school. I stayed to myself 3 years and only watched anime and played video games, until my Senior year someone told me I’m waisting my looks that I’m good looking. I started going out with friends, smoking, drinking, ran track my senior year. I made out with girls, but didn’t date or have sexual intercourse, but girls whom I wanted to date would be scared off by me because I would get attached quickly and blow up there phones when I wasn’t getting the attention I wanted and I would send mean messages because I was hurt. So I did this with 3 girls my senior year then started focusing on myself, I went to work at mall &amp; a call center my first year out of school then towards the summer of 2017 I started working at this store called Ross as a security guard. My interview I met this beautiful girl, I haven’t seen any girls I wanted in a whole year so I tell myself I’m going to talk to her when I start workin. 2 months go by and I still haven’t said a single word bc im so shy until finally I sucked in air walked to her and said hi. After that weeks later we hang out then we kiss and month later we have sex (first time for me) and I have my first girlfriend. Mind u I learned from my past not to be overly emotional so I would talk to other women to keep my mind off of her as friends. My first car breaks down after a month of having it and I think my girlfriend is going to break up with me but she tells me the car doesn’t matter it’s me that matters and that’s when I started getting attached. I would still give her space and do my thing at work I ended up getting a second job to get another car for us, but I felt I wasn’t enough I would always tell my girlfriend stuff like this isn’t enough money or why do people treat me like a joke and I’m so much better then this. She would get mad and feel like she wasn’t good enough for me or say things like u think ur better then people. She even said something like I think your so stuck on what u wanna be in life Bc u don’t wanna be like ur dad and lost so you try to copy everyone else and find a style that suits you. I started crying after the call bc she was right my mindset is so negative I don’t even know who I am or who I want to be. I would do things like run over to her house when she was angry at me and it make her furious. I even ran to our job Bc someone told her I was cheating on her when it wasn’t true and I embarrassed her. She gave me a second chance on our 10th month of being together to work on myself and give her space but I ended up getting kicked out my moms and needing my girlfriends emotional support when she needed space she didn’t wnana see me and I was hurt she kept telling me to let her breathe so she change for us so I kept forcing her to see me bc i needed her but she would be even pushed further away then finally one day I went nuts and tried to break into her home to spend time with her and tell her my problems because I missed her and she was pissed. She walked out pushed me away and go into a Lyft ride and told me she was done. She told me she was balling her eyes out bc i wasn’t that same guy 10 months ago that I’m disgusting and she sees me as this person who looks down on people and thinks he’s the shit. We argued I called her names and she thinks I looked down on her our whole relationship when I just wanted better for her I’d tell her go back to college go follow your dreams and she’d make Excuses. Now she’s telling me she’s hanging out with guys she’s going back to school and traveling. I’m so hurt so mad at myself because I feel left behind. I wanted to kill myself before I met her &amp; I think I was mentally unstable before our relationship and now I feel even worse. Am I insane am I a psychopath what’s wrong with me ?!!!!?!?!? I think I need to see a doctor I’ve been in my apartment for 2 months haven’t left begging her and pleading her over messages that I’m sorry. Idk what to do anymore it’s like she was my emotional support and calmed me down. WHATS WRONG WITH ME I NEED TO FIGURE IT OUT BEFORE ITS TOO LATE AND IM REALLY THINKING ABOUT KILLING MYSELF THIS FRIDAY