Just venting I guess. Kinda long.  Its crazy how some of the survival post- you know the ones that say “I’m alive because X”- those ones makes me the most depressed. Everyone’s always like “I’m alive because of my mother, my child, my partner, my friend.” 

What if you have none of those. Like for me for example. I don’t have a child, my father has passed, my mother isn’t dead- but dead to me, I’m not close/in contact to any family, no siblings,  all my old friends have moved on with their lives long ago, and I’m not close to anyone around me. Because of the culture I live in, its incredibly hard to make friends here. 

Last week I deleted all my social media, turned off my phone for a solid week, and didn’t really leave my apartment. The only two people to notice anything was wrong was my boss (because I missed a shift) and one of my professors (only because I missed an in class assignment that affects my grade). 

Earlier last year I was close to some of the girls in my apartment. However, when I became friends with one of these girl’s brothers (she has like 5 siblings), she flipped out and stopped talking to me. When I asked her what was going on she couldn’t give me a reason she was so against my friendship with her brother. It changed the dynamic of the apartment a lot. She made it clear that whether I ended the relationship with her brother or not that she wouldn’t have a friendship with me regardless. During this time, she talked to a lot of the other girls in the apartment about it and elicited a lot of sympathy from them in the process. The other girls had the inclination that “well its her brother, so she can decide if you can be friends with him or not.” Which, I don’t think they realized that outside of them, I didn’t/don’t feel close to anyone else but her brother at that time.

I guess I felt backed into a corner.

So, I stayed friends with him. However, soon after this, things turned a bit romantic with the brother. We spent a lot of time together and developed a great friendship and one day things just shifted. Things were really great. While, I wasn’t as close to my room mates anymore and the sister flat out refused to acknowledge my existence (to the point I could directly ask her a question and she wouldn't acknowledge me), at least I had a good friendship turned relationship with the brother. He started telling me he loved me, and I waited a while to reciprocate that, but when I did, I really really meant it. 

However, one day out of the blue he ghosted me. I was incredibly hurt. I went to his apartment a few days after and he told me he didn’t have feelings for me and never did. I had to beg him for an hour to even talk to me and tell me what the hell was going on. In my view, I haven’t been this close to someone in this particular way in a very long time if ever. 

I guess it really just perpetuated what I’ve felt for a long time. I don’t feel like I belong anywhere. I know I don’t make a difference to people. I apparently don’t have the ability to be close to someone and to be important to someone elses life for any significant portion of time, or to connect with someone on a deeper level. 

And its depressing and I’m so tired of it. 