Hey there! Thinking about killing myself.So I've been depressed for a long time, first time I felt like this I was 14 years old, I'm 21 now. It kinda' comes and goes.

I'm on my final year of university and although I got good grades I don't think I can finish this year, which I would be terribly sad if I didn't, and it's what's likely to happen. Studying is one of the few things I enjoy doing, but when I'm depressed I can't even read a paragraph before thinking about killing myself.

I've been trying to fake it till' you make it approach since my first year. I'm popular around campus, throw a lot of parties, I'm not bad looking and I pretend not to be shy so socially I'm really good at pretending to be a extovert, outgoing guy. Though my friends have been suspecting that my heavy drinking and drug use is a excuse to hide something else, an assumption which they are more likely correct.

I like people, I feel an empathy that is abnormal, which is a recurring issue in making me depressed. If I see someone sad or miserable looking I instantly feel how I think that person is feeling, hollow. I could be the richest, most sucessful, best looking person in the world, I would still be depressed, there's nothing that can change this.

I just don't like life, and I fail to see any way that it would be better.

Although I might feel empathy I can't actually like anyone, I can't love anyone that I've found in my live. I hate being around my friends and family and I hate to pretend I enjoy it. They are good people, but it's annoying to be around people that don't understand, not depression, but how meaningless is anything they say or do. Nothing makes any sense.

The only thing that keeps me going is that I only get one living, it's obvious I will have a happy day in my life, actually I bet I still haven't lived my happiest day. But is it worth it? Would you live your life as a begger, just because you know that in your last day you would be a billionaire?

I'm thinking about just jumping, I don't think there's anything for me here. Only in my sleep I find peace.