Suicide Helpline's are the best and the worstLess than 2 weeks ago I was ready to die. I wrote a note, did my makeup nicely and chose the outfit to be my last. I was ready willing and able. I'm not going to put my method but anyway it was a way that when it came to it, full of adrenaline, I hesitated, and I knew that hesitation could leave me only injured instead of dead. I called a helpline, desperate, originally to give me the bravery to see my suicide through. But then I let them help me. I told them my location, the police turned up so quickly, I was taken by ambulance and locked up for 4 days and released a week ago. 
Funnily enough my problems haven't disappeared and today I started considering attempting again. I called the helpline. After all, they saved my life last time. 
This time? I told a woman on the phone that I want to overdose. She says: 
• You just have to fake it till you make it! 
• You just need to find something you really love! You haven't found your purpose yet! 
• What could you do to help someone else instead of thinking about yourself?
• When you have that thought that you want to kill your self, you just have to tell that thought to leave! 
• Have you considered doing a barista course? And then you could go work as a waitress. (At this point I was so WTF that I was just silent and not talking.) 
That would be something to look forward to, right! 

Lady, I didn't come for fucking career advice, how is the idea of one day becoming a waitress going to make me not kill myself right now. I don't want to be a waitress. I don't think any type of job would make me want to live. In fact when you are ready to die, talking to me about my future career is just going to make me even more determined. 

She asks, "so what are you going to do with the rest of your day today?"
 "I told you, kill myself." 
"But... hasn't anything I've said been helpful at all?" 
"I don't know." 
(Sounding upset and offended) "Haven't I said anything that's made you feel better?" 
"This isn't about you."
(Audible gasp) "But it makes me feel like I'm not very good at my job!" (Shaky voice like she's going to cry) 
"Seriously? Do you want me to comfort YOU right now?" 
She starts breathing weird like she's going to hyperventilate and I don't want to deal with that shit. So I just hung up. 

Am I just a rude person? or is that woman not really the right person to be working on a Suicide helpline if she's going to get butthurt when her random life advice isn't going to talk a suicidal person off a ledge? 

To be fair, it made me angry enough that it's distracted me from suicide for now. 