School makes me want to dieI often go to sleep wondering why I haven't ended everything, I often feel as if I did just die maybe people would listen.
I try and tell people how I feel about school and I'm basically told just to shut up and do my work to get good grades and pass.
I have only ever had one class that I've had any motivation to do.
I often find myself getting to overwhelmed trying to keep up with all my teachers workloads.
I often feel petty and worthless for feeling this way because I have people backing me up, but none of them bother to listen enough.
I often feel stupid and angry because I usually have no troubles understanding the work but don't see a purpose behind doing the constant work.
I often feel stupid because I'm a year behind in my classes cause I was born in December.
Only in grade 10 life's supposed to get better from here, and I'm supposed to be able to take the classes I want. But they still want me to take mandatory classes that don't matter or I'll never get into university or college.
I often wonder if the career paths I choose are even worth it.
I fix my sleep schedule and get my life on track. Just to find id rather lay in bed and sleep all day.
I feel like no one listens and killing myself will be the only way for people to know.
I feel often that people are out to get me.
I often feel that when or if I do kill myself and the lights go dark and I lose consciousness, that I won't have to care what anyone else thinks, or being stressed, or not being able to fall asleep in case someone comes in my room at night, or when im asleep.
I feel like I can't talk to anyone about a previous relationship I had that lasted a few months where my ex girlfriend told me to do things to her, even when I said no.
I wonder why every night I haven't just ended it yet. But I still try and hold on by a sliver.
I feel like I don't matter.
Like my emotions mean nothing.
And I'm too young to understand.
I'm too young to do this and that.
But if I have a problem with how things are done they tell me to take a stand about it. Just for me to be shut down. 
I feel that if I layed here long enough my consciousness could just slip away.
I long for the feeling of being gone and slipping away.
I always wonder if I could just go to the hospital and be euthanized or shoot myself.
And all this being said I still feel like what I just said won't matter anyway and I'm over reacting.