Hi.Hello r/SuicideWatch! Its my first time writing in Reddit. I've been on this website for about a decade now, and I've always been reading things about depression and suicide in countless subreddits here and there. I have ADHD and depression myself, and I never really felt the urge to write or share things here because it would be useless. This time, though, I think its worth the read to just try and maybe voice myself out a little bit.

I'm a 23 year old Filipino. Had depression ever since I was in high school when my dad died. It was a long time ago, I remember doing different vices (drinking, smoking, marijuana) for a few months after he passed away. He was a kind person, always the one who sees the best out of every situation. My grandparents hated him because he was poor and he did not finish school. Yeah we were poor back then but I was happy with my family. It was too bad he died so early (30 something... I dont really remember... thanks ADHD).

After a few months of being depressed and shit, and countless hours of hurting my wrists, I picked myself up and told myself that I would man up and that everybody goes through some pain in their life. I got through most of it through drinking and smoking. I actually really thought that depression wasn't really that bad; that its just a phase or something! 

Boy oh boy was I so wrong. In college (2017) just before graduation, my ex girlfriend sued me for stuff that I never really did. I was suspended from our university for half a semester, and the trial on court is still continuing up to this date. Yep, it was only half a semester, but I have never felt so down in my entire life prior to that moment. I went back to drinking, smoking, and getting friendly with blades running through my wrists. It just felt so good. After a few months of being suspended, I never really went back to the university not until 2019 because I was so depressed I couldn't even leave our house. Take note that I am somewhat of an achiever, not really high grades but I was supposed to have honors but all of it was thrown out because I was suspended. 

I did the same thing as before. I manned up, told myself I can get through this, and that everyone goes through some bad shit through their lives and that I just have to be strong enough to try and get past that point of my life. I did graduate last year, July 2019. Even though my case was still on trial, I figured life was not really that bad, and that its another struggle that I will have to fight for.

I got a decent job after that and I am now working in a nearby province, 2hrs from my hometown. And here we are again, back at the same low part of life. I fucked up bad here at my workplace, a co-worker got scolded and yelled at a lot because of my mistake, and I'm pretty sure my workmates are all talking behind my back saying how I'm such a fuck up and that Im the one who deserves that scolding. I don't really want to go into detail into what happened, but lets just say that the mistake was on both sides. The other department originally made a mistake, and that mistake was then handed on to me, which I was supposed to check IMMEDIATELY, but I only found the error a day after they have submitted the said mistake to me, which is VERY VERY VERY LATE, considering they want the results the same day.

My boss saved my ass from a lot of scolding from the other department, but my boss was the one that berated my co-worker (who was managing the other department) and now all my friends and co workers are pretty much talking and saying that I was the one who fucked up. Its true that I do deserve it, but come on. The mistake was on both sides. I fucked up, yeah, but why is nobody on my side?

So, yeah. Here I am, wondering how much of an idiot I am. I just cant take it now. All the fucking voices in my head telling me how stupid I am, and how much of a fucking crybaby I am. Im done trying to think that its just one of those "i can get through this" moments. I know life isn't always up and that sometimes you have to make mistakes in order to be better, but I just can't anymore. Its a stupid life, this is. I try to bring myself back up and I always always ALWAYS manage to fuck it all up.

Im done. I am so done. I am done with myself. 
Im not really asking for help. I dont really want to get out of the situation. Im just tired. I wanna go home. I wanna rest. When I rest, all these voices in my head will stop. There will finally be peace. And that's all I ever want.

I wish all of you the best in your struggles, but I am officially done. Thank you for all the people here who have shared there stories of which I have had countless nights reading and symphatizing with. I wish all of you the best in whatever battle you are in, and I hope you find victory and peace, whichever method it may be.