I’m okay with the fact depression will kill meI’ve gotten comfortable with the idea of suicide. It will end my suffering once and for all. My parents just called and I suppose to start medicine tomorrow I actually hope it increases my suicidal thoughts that way I can finally have that last push. They’re starting me out on a “small” dose even though the doc said it sounds pretty severe it took him 4 hours to call back and my mom had to call back 3 times. I am 17, feel like I am going absolutely no where in my life. I am beyond depressed and I feel so hopeless I just don't know the point of living anymore. It's funny because not even two-three weeks ago I felt amazing and happy and this whole entire week I have just wanted to die. Let me start from the root of this cause. I currently live at home with my two unsupportive parents who do not help me with anything but complain about my life and how basically I am not doing anything and am a major disappointment(Like I already don't know that.) My dad yelled at me and said I was a loser and I had no friends. I told him I already knew that I sit and think of that 24/7 about how I have no one how much of a loser I am how no one even cares. My mom told me I was a burden on her all the time. I cant bear this anymore. Thats it. Im over feeling like such a worthless piece of shit and feeling like I can't do anything correctly. Ive tried letting my parents in they’re not supportive nothing helps. I don't enjoy things that I used to and I have absolutely zero motivation to do anything. I’ve never had a boyfriend meanwhile everyone around me has. I feel so left out in life. My mom was complaining about how she’d let me have money and I’d spend it on makeup because I wanted to become a cosmetologist, makeup was a hobby for me but now it has no meaning to me even though she doesn’t work it’s not her money she gets money from her mother. my dad is a piece of shit who doesn’t give anything, he has so many dogs he uses for hunting he buys 4/5 packs of dog feed each week but doesn’t give me or my mother anything, no money.  He said he doesn’t care about me and he didn’t plan on caring anytime soon. I just want to disappear and stop causing trouble for everyone around me. Just want to remove the burden. I've gotten to a point now where no one can even stop me and if I could say sorry I would. I look at myself and I just see someone I don't know anymore. Someone who doesn't have anything going for them, someone who is tired of being tired and just completely lost in life. I see someone who doesn't enjoy doing anything they enjoyed to do before except lie in bed all day doing nothing. I look at myself but the person looking back isn't me. And then I cry because nothing makes sense anymore. Soon, I am going to hang myself from the metal rod in the shower and for once I might feel some relief. I feel like I don't have any support or any help and I feel like I am in the ocean drowning with people just staring at me offering no help. I heard both of my parents talking shit about me last night calling me names and I was crying so hard my mom told me she didn’t give a fuck. I’m never angry it’s all overcome by sadness but now I’m angry at this world. Everything is so fucked up, suffering every day for no reason. 
I had a suicide note from 3 months ago but I eventually ripped it and thrown it away because I was afraid my mom would find it she found out about my self harm and blames everything on my phone. I am writing another note tonight, I will end this once and for all. Do you believe my suicide method will work? Hanging from the metal rod?