Fantasizing about suicide...I just want to emphasize that I'm only fantasizing, not imminently planning to off myself, so if you're kind enough to read these sort of posts please spend your energy elsewhere...I just have to express myself for a moment.

This winter has sucked ass. My grandpa died, my cousin was hospitalized for Bipolar disorder, my brother is in and out of hospitals for schizophrenia-related breakdowns, I'm having trouble staying optimistic with everything I see happening in the news and the fact that I don't think the universe has (nor owes) me any kind of purpose in life so it's up to me to make one but...ugh. I'm also extremely fucked up sexually (well, asexually? I'm a virgin surprise-surprise) and I just fucking hate these Michigan winters. You ever see that scene in Fargo where William H. Macy is scraping ice off of his windshield and he loses his shit for a second because everything feels so bleak? That's sort of how I feel.

But the reason I'm posting here, the thing that really gets me is school. I'm in a pretty tough (for me) program. You have to have a 3.7 just to get in and once in you get in you can't get anything lower than an 80% or you fail. Well, I failed a class with a 77.77777777778%. I've scheduled an appointment with the Dean and if I grovel and debase myself enough I might be able to continue, I'm about a third of the way through. 

More and more with all the things I've listed and a thousand other ones I keep falling into the fantasies about killing myself--a permanent problem to a temporary solution they say, but although each problem itself is temporary, I have a sneaking suspicion that adult life consists of a permanent stream of small problems with each one itself silly to kill yourself over but in conjunction with a life time of petty miseries they add up and suddenly you really empathize with Hamlet in a way that you never really could when you mechanically scanned his soliloquy in high school solely to grind through the quizzes. 

But I don't want to kill myself. A) I love my parents and don't want to hurt them B) I still have to finish reading Infinite Jest

Still, this is no way to live. Every time some stupid little shit happens I think about killing myself and as life gets harder I worry that this little quirk could become lethal. David Foster Wallace wrote that people that kill themselves are like window-jumpers from a burning building. They have the same terror of splattering to the ground like any rational person, but the fire behind them is painful enough to override the fear. 

If I were someone else, I would tell myself to recall what Viktor Frankl said about despair. To avoid the existential vacuum you have to find something to live for. "Where there's a will there's a way" basically. But I can't find anything. I'm tired of trying and I'm completely disgusted at myself for being tired when I know someone my age who is desperately trying to fight cancer and hold on to the thing I often feel like throwing away. 

Anyway, I don't expect anyone to have answers for me. I've learned that you have to find those within yourself. But this helps, so thanks for reading. I just hope I can somehow keep those flames at bay before they get too hot and these neurotic visions really start to get overwhelming. I'll do my best. 

UPDATE: I just received an email telling me I passed. Everyone had gotten 1 question wrong on the test for some reason so they gave everyone a point which brought me up to 79.16% and they figured that was close enough to 80%. I'm relieved, but feel like a douche for failing to meet their standards and being bailed out like this. Oh well. I'll just have to grow more this semester and make my best better. 