Contemplating suicide because of something terrible I did. Am I as bad of a person as I think? Do I deserve to live?
Hi, I’m super new to reddit and don’t really know how this works so if someone like runs this subreddit (?) and this post isn’t allowed feel free to delete it. 

To start things off I want to mention that I am a 22(F), an adult, I know better than to do the things that I have done. However, I made a mistake. I have had a semi toxic relationship with my ex-bff 21(M) for 4 years, but even through it all we were the main people in each other’s life. We were each other’s “person”. Towards the end of our friendship though things got really bad. He started being really distant and kept putting others above me. I got super sad and my depression got worse. He was also my roommate and one day I wanted to hang out with him, but he told me he didn’t have time for me, but then I heard him laughing for what seemed like hours with my other roommates. I got super sad. I was already kind of suicidal, I had started thinking about what someone might do as they prepare to commit suicide and everything. Then hearing him laughing and all happy while I was dying inside made everything worse. I messaged him and said terrible things. I told him I was thinking of killing myself. I told him that if I did it would be his fault. It was manipulative and evil and I knew that and I also knew there was far more going on in my head than just thoughts of him, but I was so incredibly upset that I said it anyway. 

He came to talk to me about it all and I was just as terrible with what I said then. And then that night after he left our talk I sobbed myself to sleep. I knew what I did was completely unforgivable. I knew telling someone they’re the reason you are going to kill yourself is something that should never be done. We ended up talking the next morning and I sobbed to him and apologized, explaining that it wouldn’t be his fault. He seemed to understand but I knew he’d never forgive me. He ended up telling me we couldn’t be friends soon after that, completely turning my world upside down bc the boy who had been my right hand man for four years no longer wanted anything to do with me. 

I completely understand why he did it though. It’s hard not having him anymore, but there were clear reasons why it was done. However, I still feel terrible and I don’t know if I will ever be able to forgive myself. Sure, he has done and said some pretty shitty things to me in the past but he had never stooped that low. Every time I tell one of my other close friends about the ordeal though they say “he deserved it” and they tell me I’m not as terrible as I think. Trust me, I don’t leave anything out to make myself look better, they know the whole extent of what I said and still say I’m not a terrible person. But each day I feel worse and worse for what I have done. I have even contemplated suicide again since then. Thinking that if I am heartless enough to do things like that than I don’t even deserve to live. He has told me that he completely forgives me for it, but like I said, I still can’t get myself to forgive myself. 

I don’t even really know what I’m asking, but do you guys believe someone can feel good again after doing something like that? People have always told me I’m a nice, kindhearted person but I don’t think I’ll ever believe that again. It was so manipulative. I want to die everyday bc of it (and bc of other things but we don’t need to get into that). I feel so unworthy of living if I can do something that mean. I would just appreciate some thoughts. (Sorry for the long read, I tend to ramble).