I am done with this shit.I guess it’s fair to tell my story.

I’m 22 years old. I live with a roommate who has real substance abuse issues and doesn’t always pay the bills on time because of them. I’m in my final semester of college. Or rather, I just finished my final semester of college. 

I’ve been dating the same guy for the last 5 years. We have a wonderful and strange lovestory, but the important part is that he’s always been there for me, like all guys are, in the very remotely there, wants to help, but doesn’t know how to deal with real emotions. That’s a harsh assessment, but it’s true. He’s distant from everything, and suffers from a little depression himself. 

I’ve always struggled with depression. I had a very abusive boyfriend before I met my current boyfriend. I know, it seems like I’ve always been in a relationship, but I like it that way. My parents were millionaires who got fucked by the whole banking crisis. I had to find them the house they rent, or else they would have been homeless. They don’t and didn’t know how to deal with life when money is tight.  My mom gave away my dog for no reason apart from her panic attack paranoia. They are just stupid. Now my dad’s alcoholism has gotten worse, he’s always drunk, my mother’s responses to his issues are tepid at best, and my sister suffered a nervous breakdown and lives at home with them now. My dad is abusive to her, and despite that she’s 19, she can’t move out because she’s incapable of caring for herself.

I miss my real parents, being the people who used to care so much for me when life was trivial because there was enough money. Money doesn’t matter until there isn’t any, that’s so true. I miss celebrating holidays, and now we just sit around this dead carcass of a fake christmas tree and think about the way things used to be. This entire season just reminds me that shit will never be right and I'm a fool for trying.

My boyfriend doesn’t know how to deal with all the pressure I’m unintentionally putting on him, because my homelife has been decimated. I wanted him to ask me to marry him, so I could abandon these people. I know that’s horrible, and not a reason to get married, and trust me, there are other reasons I want to marry him. I just have felt the pressure of it all and it’s too much. He doesn’t want to marry me yet, he doesn’t think. He’s young, we’re young. I don’t blame him. 

We broke up for a bit last week and I tried to kill myself. It was stupid, painpills and alcohol, but the desire is still there. Life is difficult for me. 

I went to therapy and it didn’t work. I have anti-depressants but I don’t take them. They make it so I feel nothing. My boyfriend doesn’t like me as much when I take them. I have called the suicide hotline, but they didn’t help. Just asked me if I was having a panic attack, told me to calm down, had me go on with my life. Nothing’s fixed, nothing’s better. I’m still under this gigantic lonely rock. I think if I kill myself, my boyfriend will at least move on, be single, be happy for a while. I don’t want to leave him, I love him so much, but I don’t think he loved me anymore.

I don’t have any friends. I live in this weird city, all my friends graduated, where he lives is one of our friends but I don’t want to burden him. I’m so very isolated and alone. 

I don’t have a job, and I’m supposed to move in with boyfriend, who currently lives crosscountry. We’ve lived together before, but because of all the pressure I’ve put on the relationship it seems more uncertain if we’re going to work out. It’s all my fault. I haven’t been fair to him, I’ve been leaning on him, since he’s the only person I can lean on. 
I just don’t want to do this anymore. I don’t think I have it in me. 

Reddit, you’ve been one of my better friends through the last six months of emptiness, so thanks. This isn’t my first self post, but I made a new account anyway. I don’t want to be another goodbye or cry for attention, but I am, so I’m sorry. I just wanted to tell someone. 