I just feel so tired.I've always thought of myself as an optimist, that if I just keep moving forward eventually one day a "switch" gets flipped. I'll be happy, I won't be so apathetic,  I'll stop feeling numb. The more and more  I go the bleaker it seems.

I always hear that I've made it to a good spot life wise. I understand that some people have it way worse and I should appreciate what I do have but maybe I'm bitter or something.

I finally have my own apartment but it's small and out of the way from everything. I'm just not satisfied and I'm guess I'm partially embarrassed by it. I've never had my friends over and my parent once when I moved in.

I finally get my promotion that I've wanted since I started working for my company and I guess I thought that it was gonna be a big change. I'm forced to dress up because I'm managment now, I have to fill out endless excel sheets and when I leave my desk I see agents breaking policy to the point they get suspended or fired. I just feel like an asshole. We just trained a bunch of new employees and I'm always helping them and I can't fill out my excel sheets. I wanna be helpful and actually teach them stuff but nobody cares. They're all just essentially there for the paycheck. I mean I'm not passionate about call centers but I've always though you should care about your job. Our sales numbers are down, agents are quitting/getting fired and my boss just harps at me about it. The essentially mandatory 50 hr weeks and the constant bombardment is just stressing me out. My phone is constantly going off on the 1 day I'm not at work with more work stuff. I feel like all I do even when I'm not there is work.

I have a car! It's a cool little hatchback or at least it was until someone smashed into it in a parking lot. Now I can't drive it and I have to worry about insurance. I have it so it's okay but with my deductible I just get a real sticker shock moment. I had one payment left on the old thing and then I could start saving money again for in case something DOES happen. 1000 dollars is what my entire paycheck is if I work a ton of overtime. Even if I dropped that much money on it I can't afford to pay my rent or buy food, ect.

I started playing video games/watching movies and things more because it gave me some brief windows away from myself but I started realizing that they felt like a crutch and I just got disgusted with myself.

A ton of people my age are getting married, having kids, ect and I just feel inadequate because I feel like I don't have enough "milestones" accomplished in life. Everyone says that I'll get there but I always worry if I don't people will think worse of me. I'm not obsessed with what others thing but I feel like not being on the same "level" as your peers is just bad.

I just feel like I've gave it a good deal of time, life still feels shitty and grey. I'm so tired of motivating myself under the idea it's going to get better or eventually things will change and it just gets worse or stays the same level of shitty. Might as well give up. I had an acceptable run.

I'm working and working all the time in effort to get my car paid off. Then I'll stop living paycheck to paycheck and I was just at the point where I'll be able to be flexible and do things. Maybe travel, maybe stay home and make things a little nicer, just build up my funds and now I feel like I'm back at the bottom and I just wanna give up.