Depressed for a long timeThis is going to be a long post. I’m male, 26. I've been a lurker on reddit for a long time and now I want to express what I’m thinking somewhere and I think this is the place. (or maybe not?) Maybe posts gets buried but still I will leave a "trace".

I don't know where to start to I will do it chronologically. My mental health issues started with unbearable tinnitus (ringing in ears) which had did not gone away on its own up to date but i managed to forget about it..it doesn't bothers me anymore..

Because of tinnitus I had sought help at mental health professional. I was put on antidepressants, anxiolitics and eventually on antipsychotics... just to reset me down probably.
 
I've always had urges to change my therapy - take less anxiolitics than prescribed so i don't get addicted (because they are horrible+wd). Few times i stopped taking antidepressants and made a shit but i was believing I’m doing good. 1 example i wasn't be able to go in my college (there was important exam waiting me) because i couldn't be stable and literally i couldn't walk and think properly. Few times I've stopped going to my therapy sessions because i thought that they are not helping me and instead they are just making me addicted to medications that sometimes make me feel like more crap. :/.

Eventually when I had gotten so anxious and got my rebound panic attacks I went back and asked for help and meds again.

I've had relationships in my life. Only first and "real" one is still notable to me. Only that relationship in my life made me feel more alive and happy. I have blown that opportunity up. I had cheated and admitted to my GF and left her. I did that because i was sometimes frustrated with her and thought she was not giving me enough attention (that was long distance relationship but we were seeing each other every weekend or 2 or so). 

Sometimes I still regret that choice.. Anyway Maybe I had one more partly healthy relationship which ended bad by having my gf cheated on me. And I would like to mention that after my first real relationship had ended I was only feeling partially emotional empty with other gf's. To today's date I feel chronic emptiness in me. Still I don’t think this is main issue in my life.

I have lost few years until I graduated my BS (IT) in college. I had quit at 1/3's way to Masters. I feel like my BS degree accomplishment is nothing because my college is not on that high reputation. 

Currently I’m working from home editing websites and providing IT support remotely. I’m effectively doing nothing, like 1 hour a day and before that I was doing more. My job is temporary contract and will end for about 4-5 months. My doctor had suggested of course to find a side job and/or get animated with something. I feel like dead rat even doing nothing. Depression, anxiety, depersonalization, lack of energy and so on... During the day I get urges just to go asleep... Then I started connecting that with my antidepressants what I’m currently taking (Lexapro). Because when I reduce my dosage to half I can make it awake during the day. Also Lexapro was making me hard to regulate temperature (I was always feeling hot) and I had more dilated pupils (during whole year not just at start) so I couldn’t stand looking at daylight. Things were ONLY FINE when I take another benzo or alcohol.. and I seriously don’t want to get addicted…

I had cut my dosage for last 10 days... Sometimes I’m feeling like same shit as before... I don’t know... Now i have trouble falling asleep but this is not first WD and benzo WD's also sucked.. (also taking 5mg of diazepam). 

Anyways I struggle to find motivation, anything to keep me begin alive... Recently (it may sound weird for a male that is 26years old) i have begun to doing self-harm... Small slits on wrists and so on... After that all my stupid thoughts seems to vanish for a bit. 

I have no motivation to socialize with my friends because it’s a old company of friends and well I see everything in black there.. They are just outside and drinking and drinking and it isn’t much fun.  Or I’m having too big expectations from going outside and socializing?

I have been diagnosed (latest) with chronic mood disorder, anxious disorder and possible BPD.

My train of thoughts are... Life sucks, suicide, talking with my doctor in my head (I’m not hearing voices I’m just imagining that I’m talking with her about my issues and symptoms). Spending alot of time looking up online for mental health topics (of course). 

I’m worried how I will I function on my next job because sometimes I can be barely functioning person for 2 hours... I have urge to fall asleep or I’m having some disassociation symptoms like DP/DR due to anxiety. And I have trouble to find a constant motivation. I have a fear that I may not perform well on new job, I have fear that I won’t be competent or that I won’t be able to function on it. (yep anxiety). Because a simple task when I’m walking around seems sometimes exhausting and brutally hard. I’m feeling like I’m going to pass out or just disappear! But I’m not scared of passing out I just say to myself just die there…

This "illnesses" seems not like its passing, it seems like it will stay forever on me...keep sucking my low life energy and feeding itself like dementors (which J.K.R described perfectly)

Anyways I will be seeing my GP in a week or two when she returns from vacation. Comments on my story are very welcome...and thank you for reading it! 
I had forgot to mention that I had family issues when I was younger, my dad was semi-abusive and I still don’t like him and not hearing him till today’s. He was always forbidding things to me which were fun like playing games and staying outside and he was talking me into studying and studying. And I couldn’t do the things I don’t want on force.  He doesn’t live with me anymore. 
Usually a lot of time I get annoyed by my whole family and humans in general and I would like to live alone somewhere… but then I remember how shitty do I feel and question myself do I have the strength to work and pay all of my own bills?? My head is really messed up ☹

Edit: slight typo