Do I Tell Family Members?I made a friend via Instagram. He's an artist, I liked his art and saw opportunity for collaboration. We've since become  friends beyond a professional capacity and text daily (we live in different states). We've known each other for around a year and have had the opportunity to meet in person once.

He's generally pessimistic, and a cynic. He's also probably on the spectrum (he's admitted he's been diagnosed Aspergers  but never really "did" anything about it), and he's still coming off of quite a rut in life where he lost his job and had to upend his life 18 months / 2 years ago. His social circle is extremely limited. I'm his closest friend and I know he doesn't really go out much. He talks regularly to his parents and his brother.

In the last few months his talk of killing himself has escalated. He opens up about it when he gets drunk. He's expressed to me: he's worried about homelessness, he feels isolated, he feels trapped, he feels like he has no one in his life, he often compares my life to his in a negative way, he thinks he won't be missed if he's gone, he thinks his work will be of more value if he's gone, tonight he said he wishes he had a gun, and "i'd rather be dead, i fight it every day, people like you can't understand." Around 3 weeks ago he told me he plans to create a will and leave the rights to his art to me to manage after his death. He told me his plan to get pills to commit suicide and that he intends to do this after meeting a goal he has for his artwork (which will be a little less than a year from now). All this interspersed with a lot of depressed talk and thoughts and feelings.

I'm awfully worried about him. I try to encourage him to bring things up with his therapist (he sees someone every-other-week, and is working with a psychiatrist once a month) but he gets irritated whenever I say anything like that.

Since we met online and live far apart, we have no mutual friends, and I don't know his family. However, I know who his brother is and I already sent him a message on Instagram just telling him I'm worried about my friend. It's been 3 weeks and I can see on IG the brother hasn't seen the message.

I \*do\* have the brother's email address. Should I send an email in addition to the Instagram message? My friend was intense and specific about his suicide again tonight (last time being around 3 weeks ago when I got the gumption to send the brother an IG message).

I just feel like my friend could stop talking to me any minute if he thinks I'm too invasive, but he will be much less likely (or less quick, anyway) to turn away his brother.

What do I do?