Sadness in a NutshellI'll preface this /probably huge/ wall of text by saying this is probably going to be a huge amount of babbling and this probably isn't in order of importance. Also, I made a throwaway account for probably next to no reason.

I'm 22. I've been depressed for a number of years, since about 2008 when I was 15. My first girlfriend I ever had cheated on me with my best friend. So, I was a bit distraught. Not knowing what to do etc. Time goes by and I finish high school, barely scraping by on grades. Before the end of school, I didn't know what to do in terms of a career so I went into college pretty much taking any class that sounded interesting. For my A-Levels (which were probably too advanced for me), I took Government and Politics and English Literature. I liked books and authors but Politics was fairly interesting. I kept up with political parties and whatever when I was 16/17 and no one else really knew what the fuck politics was.

In my Government and Politics class, I found a girl who first came across as a bit obnoxious and loud and but she meant well and she wanted to be everyone's friend. We started talking and I realized she was deaf. Partly deaf anyway. It was the first time I found someone that had a disability and I was interested in learning sign language to communicate with her and further our relationship. She became my girlfriend.

After a while, my depression set in because I didn't enjoy what I was doing. I would stay home and not want to go to college. My girlfriend was concerned and my lecturer was concerned too. In my college, we have a "home group" where we would meet in the morning, go to our classes and come back to each other in the afternoon. The tutor for our home group was really nice and supportive. When he found out that I wasn't going to my classes, he was really worried. We sat down and discussed things and I said I don't want to study anymore. I also told him I wanted to kill myself and I didn't want to be here anymore. He said to go to the college counsellor to see if they could help me but I didn't want to. I just wanted to go home and not talk to anyone.

Because I dropped out of college, I had to go to the job centre to find a job. They gave me a form to fill out of all the jobs I applied to so I went home and just, cried. I didn't feel like doing anything whatsoever. I apologized to the consultant at the job centre but I told her I didn't do the tasks at hand and handed her back the paper she gave me. I told her I've had a lot of trouble emotionally and I've been suicidal for some time.

She told me to go to the doctor and see if there's anything they can help me with. I go to the doctor the next day and I start crying and telling them I feel hopeless and useless and there's nothing to help me.

They said I won't feel like this forever and I can get better. He gave me some anti-depressants and he said the government can help me with living expenses.

I went home and I was scared to take my tablets. I didn't want to feel like some sort of robot and lose all emotion. But I took them for about 2 weeks and I didn't feel any different. Obviously, they take longer to work but I stopped taking them.

This time last year, my mum was very ill with lung cancer. I thought, she can't die. I don't think I'll have anyone left to love. She passed away on the 11th of November. 

After she died, I didn't really give myself any time to myself and any time to be upset. I got together with my girlfriend about 3 weeks after she passed away and she was supportive for a while. I was in love but she didn't feel in love with me and I saw it in the way she acted towards me. She got mad and told me that I was selfish and I don't think about other people. I thought, I didn't need this. So, I broke up with her. I did experience some regret afterwards but, it happened I guess. I do miss her somewhat but there's no chance in the world for some reconciliation and I don't think I'd even want to go back.

About 3 weeks after we broke up, I took a bunch of my anxiety medication. I don't know why. I just did it. I thought I made a mistake, thinking my heart would stop or something and I wouldn't live in about an hour so, I called the ambulance and I was in the hospital for 3 days. I told my brother I went to visit a friend and stay with him for a while but I confessed that I attempted suicide.

My uncle found out and he wasn't empathetic at all. He had a conversation with me over the phone and said "Next time you want to kill yourself, just fucking do it and don't tell anyone." "Do it in a way where people won't have to clean up after you." I did think he was joking for a little while but I don't really know how you can joke about that. We haven't talked for 4 months.

For the longest time, my uncle has been unsympathetic and he has a "hands-on" way of dealing with things. The mother he had was an alcoholic and he never knew much of his Dad. He ran away from home at 18 and went to live in London and he pretty much lied and cheated his way into jobs that pay him a lot (you have to pretty much earn a lot to live in London anyway) and he uses people to his advantage. I can tell by the way he acts.

I haven't been able to sleep for a while so, I bought some valium online to help me sleep. I'm not going to be dependent on them or overdose or anything but when my sleep schedule gets really bad, they just knock me out.

I've been thinking about it and a lot of my friends and family think I'm useless or a waste of space because I'm 22 and I haven't had a job since the day I was born. I've been thinking about it and well, without people saying "I need to suck it up and go into the real world", working 9-5 in a job I hate to buy things I don't need isn't my idea of fun. Obviously, work isn't supposed to be fun but I know if I go to work, I'll probably end up more depressed and wanting to kill myself even more.

I listen to a lot of ambient music in bed to escape and let me dream and fantasize about other things and I enjoy fantasy movies and books a lot to get away from the monotony that is my life.

Sorry about the wall of text but I just wanted to vent. Thanks for reading this far if you have. I'm not suicidal or anything but I'd say I'm pretty close to it. My mum's birthday is next week and I'm not sure what I'd want to do. Among the other things, life is beating down on me pretty hard. I didn't expect life to be fair but I just feel like if there is a god, he sure hates me.