Just wrote my note...I'm tired. Depressed is just one of my other health problems. And it's only one of my problems. I have antidepressant resistant depression. I meditate. I exercise. I eat healthy. I live with an unsupportive parents. My father is a fucking psychologist and he says I'm lazy and selfish, when I actually dedicated my entire life to help others, animals and to make a world a better place for every form of life. I already told him I'm suicidal. He just says I'm stubborn. I am a 33 years old unemployed female who cant even find *any* work at all, not even a voluntary work so I can stay out of this hell hole. Not even other relatives can't stay here too much because the people in this house makes things unbearable.    

There are no such things as mental hospitals or such facilities here. I live in a third world country and the local hospital doesn't even have soap and alcohol, and it's falling apart. They are not taking such emergecies. So no, that is not an option. My therapist is out of country, can't reach her. I have no friends here, because depression makes us withdrawn socially, and they don't want to know I'm depressed. They don't want to have a depressed friend with them.

I don't want anyone "I'm here if you need to talk", sorry, but thanks. I don't know what I want, I just want to end this all. I've been trying to get out of this house **for good** since February. It's madness. Living with a narcissistic boderline hoarder mother with Münchhausen syndrome is unbearable. And again, my father is a fucking psychologist and just pretends everything is okay.

And now my 104 year old grandma is here. No, she's not a gracious kind person. She made my life a living hell and was the reason I tried to kill myself for the first time (spreading lies and making my mother verbally and physically abuse me).

I can't. It's just getting worse and worse every day I wake up. I have such a bad luck that a trial in the supreme court awaits me, and I didn't do anything at all. But nope, bad luck is my middle name. I see no hope, and have been doing my best to deal with depression for the last years, without medication, but I just can't do it anymore.