.....I don't have a title for this, nothing felt appropriate. I've posted here a bit within the last month or so, but until today, the only form of self harm I've ever done is scratching myself with my nails, and even then it hardly ever broke the skin. I've been terrified of pain my whole life, to a point where it could be considered a phobia. But, I felt so lost today. I feel... so lost today. I took a kitchen knife and cut my wrist (the way people say is attention seeking, not the killing way. I did not intend to end my life with this action. Not today.) And it felt good. It hurt, but it was the nice type of pain, like a tattoo almost. Like a release. I enjoyed it. So I did it again. I keep looking at the cuts like they're trophies. Like anyone will truly care besides my girlfriend. I walked out of work 2 days ago. Today I went back and talked to the manager. She scheduled me for work Saturday. I despise this job more than any other job I've ever had. I have an addiction to weed, as much as I tried to convince myself I was using it only sparingly for mental health reasons. I don't know how I'll react when we're out. My girlfriend decided to go into military. I don't know how I'll react when she leaves. She's terrified I'll kill myself when she's gone. But I'm saddened that, she's probably right. She's the only thing stopping me right now. Don't hit me with "it gets better" most of us here crying for help know that's bullshit. I have nothing I want to do with my life that's attainable. All I wanted to do was grow old with my girlfriend, and she doesn't want to do that as my SO. She wants to do it as my best friend. And as much as it pains me to admit it, I respect that decision, but I won't be here for that. I don't want to live. I don't want to be forced into being here anymore. I don't want this existence I never asked for in the first place. Why should I? With the way my brain is wired and the ideals of the world we live in, I was set up for failure from the start.