Its just so hard...First time poster, long time reader. I just need to get it out. 

I broke down at work today. I work in an animal shelter, and most days I can ignore that they are miserable, and stressed, and pining for people who generally arent looking for them. 

But today every little thing set me off. I was angry, then numb, and now I'm ... Viciously empty but overwhelmed, if that makes sense. Theres no one I can talk to- my friends think im grumpy, but fine, my partner didnt understand what I meant when I say I can't do this anymore. 

I have a beautiful life, from the outside. Three gorgeous fur babies, a job I love, an amazing man, a supportive father and a handful of friends. I don't have a right to feel this useless, this full of self hate. But here I am, mindlessly crying , too unfocused to even distract myself with gaming. 

My partner is on a night out. I want to tell him to come home and hold me, but I dont want to be the needy girlfriend who can't be alone. Who would want to stick around for that bitch? 

It hurts so much when it's quiet. 

My script for my meds is running out. I know it means I need to see a new psych, but I was groomed and abused by a previous one and the whole process leaves me in tears.

I just don't want to be bipolar anymore. Its not fucking fair. I can't take the hallucinations, the rapid mood swings, anxiety and self doubt. I hate when I'm manic and dumb shit comes out of my mouth. Yes I hear myself, no i can't stop it. There's even anxiety about having a good week, it just means next one will probably have me crash. And burn. 

I'm just telling myself, get through the night. It gets better. This will pass.

But I cant help but wonder if it will ever be worth it... Its like I was born wrong and my body is trying to get me out of the gene pool, pressing that self destruct button again and again until it sticks. 

After my last attempt I looked my father in the eye and promised him i wouldnt kill myself while he was still alive. 

And honestly, sometimes its the only reason I have to go on