the light has left mehello,

 i am a guy in my early twenties, although i have a history with anxiety and depression it has never been this bad before.

here comes the basis for all this shit, sorry if this is long.. 

i was violently abused by my mother for most of the time my parents were together and my father was away with the army a lot.
when we were living in chester my dad would be away a lot more and my mother worked at a school cleaning, so there was often long periods where me and my brother and sister were alone in the house... i really dont know how to lead to this so i'll just say it; my older brother(he was 14, i was 9 and my sister was 6) raped both me and her on the same day within less than two hours of eachother as the other was in the room, its something ive never told a soul. i harbour an intense hatred for my brother it blinds me. id mentally blocked this memory for well over 10years until recently.

when i was 14 my mother kicked me out of home and made my dad take me in, he wasnt used to caring for anyone and the responsiblity of me seemingly drove him to the bottle which he'd drink every night and the odd night he'd wander up to my room drag me from the bed when i was sleeping and batter me all over, this got a whole lot worse when he discovered i was gay(u would never kno normally but he went trawling through my internet history when i was out).

after about 2years he kicked me out onto the streets and i was left homeless with nowhere to go, i ended up being in a string of homeless hostels from 17 onwards. i was a pushover the first home i got from the council was muscled in on by 2 heroin dealers that i knew as they were the parents of a girl i met in the hostel, they drove me out, i ran away, stole a large some of money from a man who took me in and fled.
i was taken in by a dear friend who gave me his bed and the whole time i stayed there he slept on his sofa. i didnt realise but i loved him so much.

when i moved on from his house i got my own room in a shared house with friends, he had stayed round for my birthday and set off to ride home, i remember saying goodbye n then 2 days later i was told he had been killed. literally straight from my house to his, he was almost home n he got hit by a car and killed.
i never dealt with grief properly and i became homeless again.

i had made a friend(*) who i cared deeply for, he stayed with me all the time, sofa-surfing with me nd always makin sure that we had somewhere to go, i loved him so much and i still do, i really badly still want to be with him. it kills me now coz i really need him to be there for me again but he is so distant now.. 
everytime we talk i feel i am forcing it from him and i end up goin psycho at him coz i just really need him..
anyway things were lookin up for me; i had got a house, got a job, i was happy all of the time, i had a cat &amp; i had a friend living with me.

the suddenly all in the space of a week my friend moved out, took the cat, i lost my job and got an eviction letter aswell as being in a lot of debt.

now all of these horrible fuckin memories just keep film-reeling through my head and they wont stop for anything.
almost everyday i am breaking down into a fit of tears the quickly esculates into blind rage and i end up smashing everything up before i can tell myself not to.
there is a hollow in my chest that just keeps getting heavier.

i dont indulge suicidal thoughts, if i catch myself doing it i will stop it, but... now im getting these urges... i live on the 3rd floor of a highrise and im frequently feeling an overwhelming desire to jump from the window. i also have set of swords that are incredibly sharp, ive never properly self harmed before(selfmedicated with illegal drugs and i used to hit myself over the head to get a numb feeling) but again i am getting visual flashes and that incredible urge to drag the blade across my throat but with empashis on a weighted drag..
i cant play music anymore, nothing comes out, its soulless, my art is the same, i have nothing to bury myself in to make it go away.

it all culminated in a eipsode of rage and tears in front of people i know and my friend(*) who was with me through the homelessness,
now i am just drowning in shame aswell as everything else, i cant imagine what he thinks of me now...
i am usually the first to be optimistic and look to the light but it has finally forsaken me. there isnt anything left in me that has the power to switch it back on. i cant sleep coz the memories flyby incessantly, i have to stay awake for as long as possible so that i am forced to sleep from exhaustion,
everything is suffering, i can no longer speak properly, i have increased psychomotor aggitation, can't read or write as well as i used to and when i see myself, all i see is shambling waste of breath ready to become a corpse.

i dont want to die but i cant take this anymore.

its too much now, i need to wipe it all clean, i need it all to leave my mind forever, wash it away, i feel corrupted from the moment i wake i despise myself and my life.
ive always been told u should never blame others for ur own shortcomings, all i have been doing is blaming myself, finding reasons to explain why people have done these things to me, why i must have deserved it in some way.

the most pathetic part ofi t all is; i miss the goddamn cat so much everytime i thnk about her i burst into tears.

i dont know what to do, nobody will take me seriously because i keep lashing out aggressively. ive become something nobody would want to save..

i dont know what i expect from posting this but it cant make things any worse i guess

thanks for ur time, i really appreciate it

D