Getting harder to shut out the thoughtsHello! First off, I want to say that I don't think there's any real risk of me doing "it" (I get extremely uncomfortable saying the "s" word) - I don't want to hurt my family. But I've had these thoughts for a decade and it's getting harder to shut them out, so I thought I'd see what perspective /r/suicidewatch might be able to give.

I'm a 29 year old guy with what, I feel, are a lot of problems.

Academically/professionally, I'm maintaining a 4.0 GPA in my graduate program and am on track to graduate in May as one of only a couple people to have done so with a perfect grade in the history of the program, but I have no idea what kind of job I want once I graduate. I only really went to graduate school because I needed an escape rope out of my awful customer service job, and even though I find the coursework interesting, I'm really scared that nothing has grabbed me or given me any sort of direction. Networking terrifies me, and even though people tell me I come off really well, I get so anxious even thinking about these kinds of things that my heart races. I don't feel good enough in any way for anybody to want to hire me, and even if I trick someone into hiring me by coming off better than I am, I'm terrified of the pressure I'll be under (both internal and external) to succeed.

These feelings of anxiety and not being good enough manifest themselves romantically as well. I've never been in a relationship and had never even kissed someone until this past year. I'm very unhappy with my appearance, even after losing 50 pounds (now 160) a couple years ago, and even more unhappy and disgusted with myself for my inability to make the extreme changes to my lifestyle and diet necessary to become attractive. I've posted pictures on /r/rateme and /r/amiugly in the past and gotten mostly positive replies, but I just tell myself that their standards are too low and the people *I'd* be attracted to wouldn't say such nice things (as judgmental as that opinion sounds).

If I were physically attractive, my lack of relationship experience and embarrassment/shame about my interests and hobbies (video games, computers, some anime and Japanese stuff - just like some damn stereotypical internet dungeon dweller) would end things there. Simultaneously, even if someone were interested in me - and it happens from time to time - I feel horribly guilty if I'm not interested in them, like I'm being a hypocrite for thinking so badly of myself and then rejecting someone else. On the other hand, I feel like I should have enough self-respect to not just "settle" for the first person who comes along, regardless of my interest of lack thereof. And then, to top it all off, I can't even tell if I *want* a relationship. I think it'd be nice to have someone to support me and be close with, but the thought of opening up emotionally to someone makes me extremely uncomfortable, especially because I don't know what I'd do if I stopped feeling that way in the future (I absolutely cannot do anything to inconvenience or make someone else feel bad, and breaking up with someone would obviously fall under that).

All of these feelings, internal conflicts, and hypocrisies make me think, why even bother? I hate being stuck with my anxieties and worries every waking moment, and don't think things are ever going to get better, which triggers the thoughts of self-harm. Although I do not currently see anybody or take any medication, I've seen therapists and psychiatrists and taken medication (all sorts) in the past with little result (that I could tell - it all seems so subjective). I was diagnosed as having Asperger's back in my teens, but I kind of hate using that as an excuse for these issues in my life because, first, it's not like they can do a blood test or something to *prove* it; and second, it's such a popular diagnosis for awkward nerds that I don't want to fall into the stereotype any more than I already have. At the same time, if I *do* have some sort of autism-spectrum disorder, I'm doing myself a disservice by not recognizing that and figuring out ways to deal with it and take it into consideration when looking for a way to fix things.

I know I need help, but my skepticism of a professional's ability to help, combined with the time-consuming, anxiety-inducing, and extremely expensive process of finding someone, make me reluctant to try. I also question a professional's motives - if they help me enough to not need them anymore, they lose a source of income, so why would they want to truly help me? They'd be better served by helping me enough to feel like they're doing me a service, but not help me enough to be able to go at life on my own. Maybe some sort of "life coach" therapist where we actually do things together - fill out job applications, for example - combined with talking about my issues would be better (and I had someone like that in another city in the past that was actually my favorite of anybody I've ever seen), but I don't even know where to start with something like that... and there's still the practical realities of not being able to afford such a service.

Writing all this has made me a bit emotional, so I think I'll stop now. Again, like I said at the beginning, I don't think there's any serious risk of my harming myself, but the thoughts are getting more frequent than they've been and I thought it might be time to reach out, at least online (and with a throwaway account), to see if people had any suggestions.

Thanks for taking the time to read all of this! I'll do my best to reply, though I need to step away from all of this for a little bit.