Desperately need someone...My life has been fucked up beyond belief. I guess i should talk about myself. Im an eighteen year old guy,who is seriously thinking of suicide. 

Ive went through a lot as a kid. My biological fatger abandoned me when i was five. My mom remarried soon after to a very abusive guy. I was beaten or fucked with mentally all day every day from 5 years old to 11 years old. During that time,my grandparents were mad at my mom for moving out. My grandmother cut all contact with not only my mom,but me and my teo younger brothers. I grew up thinking my mom was the cause of me losing my family. During this period of time,my great grandmother had breast cancer. This was in 2008. I was nine,and i loved my great grandmother very much. My mom was gonna take me. My great grandmother begged us to see her. My grandmother was still mad at my mom. She told the staff of the nursing home that i was mentally disabled and she was afraid id hurt her. 
My great grandmother passed away. I never got to see her. I never got a final "i love you". 

When the abysive stepfather left in 2010,two years later my mom found a new guy. I was attached to him. He treated me like a son. Life was back to normal as my grandparents and my mom stopped fighting. Unfortunately,he committed suicide on September 2nd 2014 after years of living with us. I was destroyed. My mom started using heroin. Me and my brothers were alone for a long time. We took care of each other. Well,my moms clean now. My brothers live at my grandparents. Four months ago,i met the love of my life. We clicked instantly,and fell in love hard. Well last month,i started getting more miserable and depressed. She left once a few weeks ago. We got back together. And she broke up with me one last time two days ago. I begged,cried,bargained anything just to have her back. She told me she didnt think we could be fixed. That shes matured and is a new person. 

Ive been smoking tons of weed for the past few days. It does nothing. I cant talk to my family,they dont sympathize. Smoking weed just distracts me while im blazed. Then once it calms down,the feelings rush back. I dont want this life anymore. I got accepted into college for Radiology. I dont want to go. Ill fuck it up and my family will be 30 thousand dollars in debt. 

Im literally alone. I have nothing. I am nothing. I have no hope. I have no ambition. All i want right now is her calling my baby one last time. Ive been abandoned and hurt my whole life. I cant even sit in school anymore because im either so sad or i want to rip my fucking skin apart and jump out of my body. I cant take this. Please God just fucking stop this. 