My "friend" of five years is now on suicide watchHonestly I don't know much about it. Anything that is to say. I don't know what suicide watch is or anything about it (other than the obviously obvious). I don't know much about how he got on or what's going on with him either.

A little background: 
For his safety, let's call him Mark. Mark has never really liked me. I became best friends with his previously best friend. That's really the only reason I know him. Now this best friend is still friends with Mark. So naturally, I see Mark every now and then. Not too long ago, Mark tried to hang himself. Which really set me off about how I saw him as a person. He's a drug dealer. Big time. We live in Colorado so it's no biggie, but you can still understand it's a bit taboo. I thought he was this kind of sleazy idiot who didn't know what he was getting himself into, but when I found out that he tried to kill himself he turned into this trapped innocent person who really (actually) didn't know what he was doing. It's been a while since then. Three or four months and I actually saw him about two months ago and he seemed a lot better. Dressed nicely, more fit, beautiful girl with him, clean, and even seemed fucking giddy about life. But I heard that he's still on suicide watch recently. I tried to find out more about him now and he's depressed again. He's gone (pardon if I seem insensitive) FULL emo. Talking about his demons and shit on Instagram and all that. But for serious, I think he's getting worse again. And I KNOW he's on suicide watch so I'm not too worried. I realize that he hasn't had the most fortunate life, but I know, most basically, to me, I do care about him. Our best friend cares about him a lot too. He's known Mark for much longer than I have. So I just want to make sure Mark and everyone who does care about him are going to be okay. But I'm not sure how. 

I know I should have done more research on suicide watch beforehand, but hey, whatever. This is my first real post on Reddit anyway. 

Pardon me for any spelling mistakes I've made. If I notice any later, I'll change it. 

Anyway, what I'm asking is what is suicide watch? How does it work? How should I support Mark? 

Thanks in advance 😊