I just want to be okaythis is just a vent post. I have no one to talk to, or at least I don't want to burden other people with my feelings because I know all the people in my life are going through a lot right now. 

I had a huge meltdown and accidentally vented to my boyfriend (who has never seen me suicidal) through text. I told him I was done with everything, that I felt horrible and that I wanted to disappear.

And I ended up overwhelming him.

It was the thing I was afraid to do the most and I ended up doing it. He wanted to watch a stand up with me, which I agreed on before my meltdown. But when the time came, I told him to watch it without me because I really wasn't feeling it. He said he only wanted to watch it if it was with me, I said no. He told me to call him, I said no because I didn't felt like talking. In reality, I felt as if a non-verbal episode was about to attack and I knew that a phone call wasn't going to help much. 


He replied with an "Ok".

I know he can't give me reassurance or his time whenever I need it, but I still feel very very crappy knowing that he suspects I'm suicidal but still hasn't answered my texts.


I don't want to rely on him for emotional support. I know he's not the person that can 100% help me with that, especially considering: 1) he's never seen me suicidal; 2) he's not a therapist; 3) our current circumstances.


But right now, when I'm not able to see my friends, when I'm not able to hug my therapist, when I'm not able to see my partner whom I love endlessly regardless of what's going on right now... I don't know who can.


How can I tell people I'm suicidal in these times???? How can a loved one cope with the fact that I want to disappear??? How can I talk with someone when our collective mental health is at an all-time low????


I've been convincing myself that this too shall pass. That when the pandemic is over, I'll be slowly getting back on track with my mental health improvement. 


But the pandemic doesn't show signs of ending anytime soon. And I don't think I can hold much longer.