my final wordsi have finally decided to commit suicide do whats right and what i should have done earilier i have suffered from post orgasmic illness syndrome for too long seems like there is no way out there is no cure i also think i have damaged my brain goodbye everyone and goodluck with your life my life is a living nightmare i will not be on reddit after this goodbye. it has ruined my life post orgasmic illness syndrome derailed my entire life now its time to die april 5 is my end i am giving myself time to enjoy everything i wanna do and eat everything that i want there is no way out i have finally found a way to deal with post orgamsmic lllness syndrome it hurts so much i was a fool to think i my life is gonna be good one that i can be healed truth is i am damaged forever there is no way out i am done what a fool i was goodbye everyone and goodluck with your life 

post orgasmic illness syndrome symptoms

acalculia-Acalculia is an acquired impairment in which patients have difficulty performing simple mathematical tasks, such as adding, subtracting, multiplying and even simply stating which of two numbers is larger.

acrophobia-extreme or irrational fear of heights.

agnosia-Agnosia is the inability to process sensory information. Often there is a loss of ability to recognize objects, persons, sounds, shapes, or smells while the specific sense is not defective nor is there any significant memory loss.

agoraphobia- Agoraphobia (ag-uh-ruh-FOE-be-uh) is a type of anxiety disorder in which you fear and avoid places or situations that might cause you to panic and make you feel trapped, helpless or embarrassed.

akathisia- Akathisia is a movement disorder characterized by a feeling of inner restlessness and inability to stay still.

akinesia-loss or impairment of the power of voluntary movement.

alexia-inability to recognize or read written words or letters, typically as a result of brain damage.

amusia-musia: The inability to recognize musical tones or to reproduce them. Amusia can be congenital (present at birth) or be acquired sometime later in life (as from brain damage). Amusia is composed of a- + -musia and literally means the lack of music. Also commonly called tone deafness.

anhedonia-nability to feel pleasure in normally pleasurable activities.

anomia-a form of aphasia in which the patient is unable to recall the names of everyday objects.

anosognosia-: an inability or refusal to recognize a defect or disorder that is clinically evident.

anxiety-an uncomfortable feeling of nervousness or worry about something that is happening or might happen in the future:

apraxia-inability to perform particular purposive actions, as a result of brain damage.

arachnophobia-extreme or irrational fear of spiders.

ataxia-the loss of full control of bodily movements.

bradykinesia-Bradykinesia: Slow movement. Bradykinesia is often associated with an impaired ability to adjust the body's position.

cataplexy -a medical condition in which strong emotion or laughter causes a person to suffer sudden physical collapse though remaining conscious.

chorea-a neurological disorder characterized by jerky involuntary movements affecting especially the shoulders, hips, and face.

claustrophobia-extreme or irrational fear of confined places.

confusion

deliberate self harm and drug overdose

depression-he state of feeling very unhappy and without hope for the future.

dysarthria-difficult or unclear articulation of speech that is otherwise linguistically normal.

dysdiadochokinesia-, is the medical term for an impaired ability to perform rapid, alternating movements (i.e., diadochokinesia). Complete inability is called adiadochokinesia.

dysgraphia-Dysgraphia is a learning disability that affects writing abilities. It can manifest itself as difficulties with spelling, poor handwriting and trouble putting thoughts on paper.

dystonia-a state of abnormal muscle tone resulting in muscular spasm and abnormal posture, typically due to neurological disease or a side effect of drug therapy.

euphoria-a feeling or state of intense excitement and happiness.

hallucination

headache

hemiballismus and ballismus-Hemiballismus is unilateral rapid, nonrhythmic, nonsuppressible, wildly flinging movement of the proximal arm and/or leg;

homicidal ideation- Like suicide ideation, homicide ideation can range from vague vengeful thoughts to detailed planning towards completing a homicide. Al

insomnia- inablity to sleep at night

mania-n excessive enthusiasm or desire; an obsession.

paralysis

paranoia or persecution-the loss of the ability to move (and sometimes to feel anything) in part or most of the body, typically as a result of illness, poison, or injury.

paresthesia-an abnormal sensation, typically tingling or pricking (‘pins and needles’), caused chiefly by pressure on or damage to peripheral nerves. "patients complain of painful paraesthes

phobia

prosopagnosia-inablity to recognize faces

sciatica-ain affecting the back, hip, and outer side of the leg, caused by compression of a spinal nerve root in the lower back, often owing to degeneration of an intervertebral disc.

somnolence -Sleepiness, the state of feeling drowsy, ready to fall asleep. A person experiencing somnolence is somnolent and is acting somnolently. S

suicidal ideation-constant thoughts of commiting suicide

tic

tremor

cachexia

loss of appetite

weight loss

weight gain

dry mouth

fatigue -extreme tiredness resulting from mental or physical exertion or illness.

malaise- a general feeling of discomfort, illness, or unease whose exact cause is difficult to identify.

asthenia-abnormal physical weakness or lack of energy.

muscle weakness

pyrexia -raised body temperature; fever.

jaundice -bitterness, resentment, or cynicism.

pain

abdominal pain (R10)

chest pain

bruising

epistaxis-bleeding from the nose.

tremor -an involuntary quivering movement.

convulsions -a sudden, violent, irregular movement of the body, caused by involuntary contraction of muscles and associated especially with brain disorders such as epilepsy, the presence of certain toxins or other agents in the blood, or fever in children.

muscle cramps (R25.2)

tinnitus-ringing or buzzing in the ears.

dizziness / vertigo -a sensation of spinning around and losing one's balance.

syncope -temporary loss of consciousness caused by a fall in blood pressure.

hypothermia -the condition of having an abnormally (typically dangerously) low body temperature.

hyperthermia-the condition of having a body temperature greatly above normal.

discharge

bleeding

swelling-an abnormal enlargement of a part of the body, typically as a result of an accumulation of fluid.

deformity-the quality or state of being deformed, disfigured, or misshapen

sweats

chills and shivering
 it has ruined my life post orgasmic illness syndrome derailed my entire life now its time to die april 5 is my end i am giving myself time to enjoy everything i wanna do and eat everything that i want there is no way out i have finally found a way to deal with post orgamsmic lllness syndrome it hurts so much i was a fool to think i my life is gonna be good one that i can be healed truth is i am damaged forever there is no way out i am done what a fool i was goodbye everyone and goodluck with your life and one last thiing before i die i wanna settle my score

