I'm want it to end!You know, so much of my life has been a joke. It took me 10 years to work my way to the top, when I got there all that my bitch of an ex-wife had to do was move to Erie, PA with me. Well, all that my bitch of an ex mother in law did was put pressure on my ex wife and kids telling them how bad it would be to move and how she would never see them and how I couldn't afford the new life.  She only lived an hour from Erie. I was commuting from Youngstown, OH to Erie, PA everyday an hour and 45 minutes 1 way making $80,000 per year. She is seriously a fucking asshole. 

So I started doing some drugs and drinking everyday just to kill the pain. It's easy to afford drugs when you make that kind of money. My ex and I were more and more at odds. 
I went from sleeping with her, to sleeping on the couch to the basement on a cot. (The basement was unfinished). I started to dread coming home, I would find reasons to stay in Erie and sometimes yes, I wouldn't even give a courtesy call. I was just so sick of it and so hurt and in so much pain. Finally she told me that she "didn't love me anymore" and I told her that I would be moving out Memorial day weekend. This I did. 

So onward we went through the dissolution she got $1,100 a month child support. In the meantime I met the woman of my dreams through a friend. So after dating through the summer and falling in love, I decided to move to Florida. Big fucking mistake. The wages down here are about 30% of what they were up North. So, because of child support, I get almost no money, my car got surrendered back to the bank because I couldn't afford insurance, and my fucking job makes me sick. I hate it so fucking bad. You get no sales leads, no recognition, the base pay and benefits suck. But I do get a company car which is the only reason that I stay. 

My being miserable pisses my new fiancée off bad (Yes, she is still my dream girl.) My future father in law has started this new thing where he keeps in touch with and threatens me with her ex-boyfriends if I change jobs. The guy went from great to asshole and I don't know why. What's he going to do? Hook her back up with one of her ex's? It just chaps my ass. 

So, I have a job that I hate, a life that I can't stand, no car to be able to find a new job or get there if I landed it, an asshole future father in law holding onto the past and threatening me with it, my other asshole father in law who hates me because I'm "out of shape" and it disgusts him, a future sister in law who is worse than the two father in law's combined, no money and no hope. 

I don't understand why it is so widely accepted that suicides go to hell? Fear of hell is truly the only thing that holds me back. I pray every damn day to die and death doesn't even come. I have been patient as all the people around me keep telling me "It'll get better." If it was going to get better, it fucking would have gotten better by now. Am I wrong to want to get out? I thought moving to Florida for love was an honorable move. I pay my child support no matter how badly it hurts but now I think that my kids, ex wife, fiancée, fiancée's ex boyfriends, my parents, and everybody would just be better off. I want out. I don't even think that a miracle could be big enough to turn this wasted life around. Please help me or give me mercy, God!