Doomed from the start.What starts as why was my life filled with all the abuse. born into this life, I was physically abused by my siblings. Not just a hit or a slap here in there, picked up and thrown, smacked hard, and verbally abuse. On top of that, i was sexually abused by my brother at a very young age. He made me suck him and try to fuck him, but i was much too young, so he got upset and told me to go back to my bed. We slept in the same room. This was before my dad find out my mom cheated on him. My dad was getting money though ss and my mom worked in different places to make ends meet although she had a nursing degree. Almost every night for over a year I would hear screaming, sometimes hitting, and the worst was when I wasn't there. She had a shotgun fired at her. It went straight through the floor where by shitty brother would have been. But I still loved him at my young age, I never understood what he had did to me back then, but I wished he died now. Quickly, throughout 1-2nd grade, I was separated from everyone. I seen everything around me crumble, with so many attributes and no one to help me thru my times while in school, I was left alone. And it stood that way. I didn't talk about my sister too much. She wasn't terrible, but she was still a piece of shit, who would peer pressure me into dress up and if I was going to tell on her, throw me, or just hurt me any way she could. My brother has completely shut out the memory of what he has done to me, same with my sister. They just don't believe it to be true. The worst part is I still have to live with my brother who is 21. I'm 17, and plan on leaving with no job, and just dying alone if I have to.
Anyways, back on track. When my dad almost killed himself with his mental meds, he was barely saved, and my mom was able to divorce him and lock him out of the home. No-contact orders, no more guns, whatever could be done. My brother and sister both left my mom and moved in with my dad's grandma. They believed it was all her fault. She didn't know the consequences that would happen from her cheating. I stood with her, although I did it because everyone wanted to be with dad, and I didn't wanna leave mom alone. I was so young, I didn't make logical choice, but rather, out of luck, I stood with my mom. Yeah, she cheated on my dad, but she was the only reasonable parent out of the two. Encouraged school, while my dad didn't, kept us out of trouble, punished us as needed, and most of all helped me thru all of it.
The biggest mistake however was no counseling. Like I was just fine. They thought it was just the two of then that had caused all my mental issues, but it was so much more. Mental issues already run in my family, born with a disadvantage all ready, I cranked life up to super fucking hard mode.

It was 7th grade when it seems I realized the situation I was in. I still had a goal, but nothing seems achievable anymore. My grades dropped drastically, I scraped by, and still dealt with the bullying that naturally came with "being me" at school.
Throughout the years I have been on meds, all seemed pointless however. No matter what brand, kind, etc. of med, it had no effect. Other then blanking me out, where I felt no emotion. I would not take meds, and I would rarely be convinced to see a counselor rather than a psych. I will go med-less. The life I am in right now is a reason to be in this terrible mental state, and I won't block it out with meds.
 I can't remember all the times, but there was brief periods of times when I lived with my dad again, it always ended in arguments, violence and then I left. The third time however, was still very recent. 15 years old or right around there, we got to fighting again. (Our house had burnt down ((while I was with dad)) and I had lost EVERYTHING. I saved my animals and nothing else. We lived with my dads friend who was still close by our neighborhood.) I fought back this time. Being head butted while I was on the ground, stunning me, and taunting me, "ya, that hurt, didn't it?"
After getting back up, he forced me into the house, where I fought to leave, I hit him over and over again to leave, and finally, the cock hungry whore we were living with finally decided to call my mother. I got out.

I know this is messy but I still have to explain it all, where I coming from, but I will rap it up with brief accounts of the rest of the shit that has happened to me.
In high school, I was bullied still, money stolen from me, and over all ignored.
With my dad, violence if I lived with him, verbal abuse when I didn't. The worst part of that is he thinks he can give me advice through his experiences in life when he can't even follow what he says to me.
With my brother, he bums of my mom and takes advange of her gullablness so he can live here longer, until just a couple months ago had a girl move in against my moms say, and they would fight and hit each other a lot as well. She called the cops, got arrested for hitting him, they both laughed it off and my brother drives 50 mins away to see and stay there every day despite a no contact order.
With my sister, we mostly  don't talk to each other. She wants to live her own life and break free from here, I can't blame her, but she doesn't deserve a second chance, at least not with me. Hell, none of them do except my mom.
With my mom, not much really. She expects a lot more outta me because I was raised a lot better by here then my brother and sister. But the irony there is I couldn't finish high school, not because I'm dumb, but because I couldn't bring myself to go to another place of torment.
13 through 17, I have attempted suicide 4 times, hospitalized 6. Choking, overdose, overdose, called, called/overdose, overdose.
I don't feel the need to try to die anymore, because If I really wanted to end it all, I am fully capable of doing so, but something stops me. I will get my GED, but otherwise I don't feel like seeking a degree. I was going to help people like me, but not only would my own morales get in the way, I would never be able to afford college, even want to go(online or not), nor be able to hold a job. I can't now, why would that change if nothing else has in since 12. Life has only gotten worse.

I don't know why I'm posting this to a bunch of strangers, I'm guessing it is the security of anonymity. Even if you don't know my name, someone will know my story. No, I'm not killing myself, so don't go PM'ing me a bunch. I don't like talking to anyone on top of that. If anyone comments on this, I may reply here and there but that is it. I needed to get this off me. Maybe it is a first step, maybe I'm still doomed. Who knows. Once I'm 18, I'll go searching for a better life, far away from here.
Thanks for reading this. My name is Damon. That's all I'm givin ya, so if you wanna comment a name rather the OP then there you go.
