Just looking for someone to understandHi,

Thank you so much for doing what you do. 

I don't want to take up much of your time, since I did decide awhile back that I won't commit suicide.  But not a day goes by that I don't have suicidal thoughts, and I'm having a particularly tough morning and I just need someone to share what I'm going through.

My life and my self is so fucked up at the moment that I can't justify telling any of my family or friends the full extent of what I'm going through. I don't want to worry or stress them out further than they are about me.

Basically, I went completely fucking crazy for 7 months right as &amp; after moving states and trying to buy a house while out of state and trying to help my then fiance run his business while being completely childish and selfish and having a completely negative fucked up mental state.

I cheated on my fiance multiple times. Then came to my senses, realized a lot of things. Admitted that I needed therapy and started going. Started realizing the vast extent of how fucked up I've been inside. I'm about 99.99% sure I have a split personality(-ies) or some kind of dissociative disorder and now the "real me" is dealing with a reality where I cheated on (in my opinion) the greatest man there is, and he doesn't know if he wants to be with me - the only chance is if I become someone completely healthy and different, someone who would NEVER do anything anywhere near what I did.

And we're living together, in massive credit card debt and the business is both overloaded with work while at the same time if we don't get a client or two, we run completely out of money in a few weeks.

This morning, my dog who recently attacked my neighbor's dog, again went over...I didn't see...I looked away for maybe 15-20 seconds and I didn't hear a ruckus. I looked up and saw my neighbor carrying her dog and my dog was at the edge of the road. A week after I had apologized profusely and said it would never happen again. 

My ex fiance is fucking livid with me.

It crushed me. Both that and the fear from the possibility of my neighbor calling and taking my dog away.

There's more, but I don't want to take up any more of your time or my time right now. 

I guess I'm just wondering if I could have like a cyber hug or something..? I'm having a hard time and I'm so tired from myself and the parts of my life that are insanely hard and from struggling against the suicidal thoughts and working so fucking hard to get myself to a positive mindset constantly.


Thank you so much for listening. Seriously. You fucking rock.


