I can't seem to get better.For 4 years I have been locked up in my bedroom, very seldom do I see an outside face, I have hit the lowest of the low that a human being can get. There is no help I can recieve because I don't have health insurance, I can't see anymore doctors because I have no means to pay for it, I don't see my mom which makes life even harder, She works 3 jobs to pay for the previous bills I had racked up on her insurance. She's been going on 2 hours of sleep for 3 years now, working at the Honda factory, scioto cleaning services and Kroger. Even with three jobs she can't support me or herself anymore. She's losing the apartment and is moving in with her ex husband as a last resort. I haven't payed my taxes in a few years, I just can't exist anymore. I can't do anything I used to to do. My social media accounts have picture of me how I was 5 years ago. it would be a true embarrassment if anyone saw what I have became today and the current state of my appearance. I was taken advantage of 4-5 years ago by a Romanian woman on the internet, she pretended to be engaged with me for some money she needed. I took it really hard when she left out of my life abruptly after using me. Someone in her circle messages me on my twitter harassing me. saying that they would be happy for me to end my life. I messaged her on Facebook about it, it never says seen, but I sincerely asked her to stop, I think its her boyfriend getting enjoyment out of my suffering like its some kind of game, but since I asked her the messages have stopped. I have no one to talk to about this, I Have no way of receiving help. I really don't know what to do. I want to end my life so badly so very very badly, But i'm scared to do it and I think about my mom who's worked so hard to fix the damage all this has caused, I don't want to take my life, I can't do that to her because I love her very much, I can't go on like this though I know I can't go on for another few years like this. If I don't end up taking my own life I will soon end up catching the attention of my government for being  too dysfunctional to pay my own taxes or to get healthcare I don't mean to break the law, I'm not doing it on purpose I just can't go on anymore. my bed sheets fell of my bed 2 years ago, and they are laying in the same spot I haven't been able to barely move my energy is so low, I used to be a strong young man, but now I am so weak I can barely hold a jug of milk without my hands shaking, my bones feel brittle and weak and it makes me feel so helpless. I know if I go on another few years without paying my taxes that I might be taken to court and end up being fined, and being a helpless adult my mother is again going to take the burden. I'm so far down in this hell of mine that I don't see there being any way of recovery or a way out other than suicide. every year gets harder and harder and harder. while typing this I can barely write coherent sentences, I need to find help, I just don't know how to find it. I live in Ohio and can't find the help I need because I don't have any money.