i've been ready to kill myself for years but i need to set things up rightthe only reason i haven't made a suicide attempt that's sure to kill me is because of my mother, who's never had a job or a life outside of raising her children. i personally don't care about anyone or myself, because the 'me' that they'd be losing from their lives isn't me. it's whatever face of a person i chose to fill the role they wanted. that doesn't matter to my mother; even if she hates me or doesn't know me at all, as long as i was her child, she'll be traumatized. but if killing myself is going to traumatize someone, i don't want to do it.

i have a way to kill myself for sure, and i have another way to at least hospitalize me. i've never told anyone about my mental health problems or my suicide attempts besides a couple therapists/psychiatrists (which didn't work. they only care about finishing their jobs and will lie about caring for you, in my experience) and some old friends that left. i'm thinking that it will be easier to accept my death if people know that i'm suicidal, so i might try to hospitalize myself first, then go for something with more accuracy. i still don't know if i can get over my guilt to actually do it.

i've explained why i feel like i need to die in a previous post on another account, but it didn't get any replies, so i don't feel like typing it all down again. the main thing is, i don't have a real reason to die. anyone would be jealous of my life (basically just being well-provided for by my parents), besides some sexual/other abuse, having little to no relationships with people, and bullying here and there. but i don't want it. i severely dislike myself, and i don't willingly talk to people because i know i'll never be beneficial to anyone. i'm debating on whether to keep living until it's safer to kill myself, or to just do it now.

and then i have this theory that nothing in this reality matters. it's all an illusion or a simulation just for my eyes. or it's just one possible path of infinitely many, and it'll just end when i die. like a play. i can't prove it. it doesn't get rid of the guilty feeling i have. all it does is just make it harder to trick myself into thinking i need to live in this 'reality.'

i'm wondering if anyone has had similar experiences. i know you technically can't help me kill myself, so any reply is enough.