please I beg you don’t kill yourself just listen to my perspective of somebody who lost somebody in that way. it has an effect. a big one.I lost a friend over the summer. he hanged himself out of nowhere and I learned about his death in the early hours of the morning . 4am to be exact, probably around 4:30. I was in my mom’s bathroom since my front door wasn’t closing all the way and because of that bugs were getting into my room and bathroom which was right next to the front door. I used the restroom and washed my hands and checked my phone like a teen does before getting ready for bed and I went on the ole snapchat app and started going through stories. I knew something was wrong when all I saw was “I can’t believe this is happening. RIP” I knew what happened. I knew exactly what happened but I asked anyway. my friend was dead earlier that night and his dad had given a statement on all of his socials letting everybody know that he had unfortunately passed away. at the time we didn’t know what happened as that information was not disclosed but a lot of people suspected suicide. well, a few months ago I asked a friend of his who had looked at the police report and it was hanging. he killed himself. my world stopped when I heard he was dead. my world stopped when I knew for a fact he did it himself. I remember both conversations and the entire night of getting the news in detail. it shattered my world. I lost him for real. and I know that he felt how you guys do. and I want nothing more than nobody to go through that. it hurts more than anything I’ve ever felt before, even when I had a migraine that lead me to the doctors office since it felt like I had a bullet in my head, it hurts even worse than that to know that his very last moments alive were spent by himself and miserable enough to not just tie the noose but use it. the thought of his body dangling from the ceiling and his dad finding him to the phone call to 911 that must’ve happened afterwards to the first responders coming into the house and taking him down to put him in a body bag and carry him away haunts me. I think about what his dad must’ve thought having to make that phone call and soon after out of the kindness of his heart let everybody know our friend was gone. he spared our emotions by not telling us the details and I wish I had never asked for them. I don’t want to think about him hanging there or the how he got up to do it. how he must’ve felt going to do it and eventually doing it. I have the entire scene in my head and I can’t get it out and I wish I never knew in the first place. ignorance is truly blissful. and I wish I still had it. I cry often now. when I walk through the hallways at school they feel empty even though they’re full of people because I know he’s not there anymore. like sure he was a year ahead of me and would’ve graduated last year but I know that it’s not the reason he’s gone. he’s gone because he’s gone forever. never going to college, never growing up. his legacy is simply frozen in his youth and that’s so painful. while typing this I’m sobbing. my nose is running so much that I have snot dripping down and tears rushing with it. because he’s gone. no matter how much I dream of him coming back or the one time I did have a real dream of him coming back and I hugged him so hard in that dream I buried my face in his shoulder and I cried and cried as he held me and when I woke up I cried alone. it hurts to see the places we hung out. the tree in front of the school, the Dairy Queen, the woods, the mall, the library, the apartments he used to live in. it all stings and my chest tightens and my eyes burn whenever I see any of it. when I see rick and morty or scenes from it or hear songs that we both liked or see guitars electric or acoustic or tie dye or anybody that even slightly resembles him or hear his name attached to somebody else’s identity I feel it crushing in on me that my friend is gone forever and his last moments were spent suffering. I want him back. I want to rewind time and yank the rope from his hands and collapse beside him and cradle him and just scream at the top of my lungs that he’s loved and that I love him and need him and we all need him because everybody is still grieving months and months later. it’s so crazy that May is in four months and after July is right after. then it’ll be a full year when it feels like yesterday I was seeing that he was gone. I’ve had the worst first year. they say that’s the year that hurts the first and I agree . I thought about him during christmas and I thought about him as I handed out the gifts I knitted for everybody because I knew I could never make him a beanie and I know he’d appreciate if I did if he was still here. I’d give up all I have if it meant having him back or at least saying a proper goodbye and giving him a hug and hearing him laugh just one more time or seeing a shy smile fuck I’d do anything. grieving is horrible. it feels like I just can’t win. no matter how “at peace” I am with the thought of my friends suicide it will always be that. a suicide. a friend that committed suicide. it’s the worst way you can lose somebody and I stand by that. I know of two people who got murdered and although I know there’s a difference between being somebody’s friend and simply knowing them but with those two I had somebody to blame, somebody to hate and want revenge on. but with suicide there is nobody to blame so you start to blame yourself. with suicide you can’t say “they were so happy, had a fulfilling life that ended too soon” because you know it’s not true. you know they hated themselves so fucking much that they tied the noose and used it. you know that they weren’t happy. they were miserable. and you couldn’t stop them. before I knew it was suicide I blamed a person and told myself it was murder. it made me feel better saying that because that way I could say that he
was wronged and that justice and closure could be found. I was sure of it. but then when that information came out I couldn’t get justice or closure or tell myself he was a happy person that was wronged. I had to realize that he did this to himself because he hated himself so much that he tied the noose and used it. I can’t get the scene out of my head and I’ve came so close to relapsing because I want to escape seeing it when I close my eyes. I just want to redo everything. take back the one argument we had because he was so positive and kind that he would see your side of everything. we only had one argument. I wish I could take back every stupid thing I said around him and make it non stupid. I wish I could just have him back.

and if none of this can convince you he isn’t the only one that committed. there was another boy. he was smart and musically talented so I heard. he shut himself in the head and died in the hospital before school. when I got to school everybody was silent. the entire school. you could hear a pin drop from down the hall. many people skipped, especially those close to him. some tried to come to school but then left halfway through because they couldn’t take it. when I got to my first class the entire room was sobbing, the teacher and her assistant. we got no work done because everybody was crying and asking why he did it and trying to kid themselves saying “he hasn’t died yet guys! there’s a 50/50 chance he isn’t dead he’s in the hospital!” throughout the day there was just this veil throughout the entire city that reminded us that somebody had killed themselves. so if you think nobody cares remember that the school I go to over 1,300 kids, I go to two schools too. one is an alternative program where half the people are from a neighboring school which also has over 1,000 and when we were at the alternative program the same thing. silence, muffled crying, somebody needing to leave school. that’s over 2,300 and more people distraught. your death, especially suicide, always has an effect. there is no such thing as “nobody caring” we do. I did. to my friend and to the boy who I never met. my heart shattered for both of them. even when I went on vacation and saw a body bag getting carried away a month after my friend’s death and when I got to my family heard it was a suicide I cared about that stranger. I wanted to go back in time and stop them too. 

so please. I beg you. please don’t end your life. it’s not the answer, it’s never an answer. please please please get help. I love you. I care about you. I want you to stay. if you can’t live for you then live for us. live for the ones you never thought cared because they do. they do I promise you. live for me. live for the ones who couldn’t do it for themselves. please. carry my friend’s legacy and get better for him. do what he couldn’t and he the success story. do it for me if nothing else. you’ve survived 100% of your bad days and overcame everything in your life so far. do it again. it gets better I promise. I was going to end my life in October of 2019 due to other reasons but I stayed so that I could help people not take the path I almost did that night. I stayed for him. I stayed for my friends even though I think they don’t really care because I know it’s just my suicidal brain telling me they don’t. I never want anybody to have to go through what I have endured because of my friend’s suicide so I stayed. I stayed for you. please stay for me.