Gave it 6 months now I am back here... fmlI tried, I really did! I found someone (call him John) who had the skills and interest to help me fix my business to hopefully get it back up and make some money.  TWICE he had his own little mental breakdowns and has left me stranded in a worse place then when he came on board. He was very cruel and said things that were horribly offensive, probably knowing my state of mind.  I thought i was being nice and let him stay with me rent-free. Nothing physical, just business but he was a half-wreck as well.  We both thought we could have a mutually beneficial arrangement.

I can't try again.  This six months was hard and I am financially, physically and emotionally spent.

At this point I have said out loud that unless a ridiculously large amount of money comes my way by 9 pm this Wednesday, (Oct 19) then I will act out my plans.  Nobody around here knows yet as I am not 'crying out for help', mainly because there is nobody to whom I can cry.

I have spent a good deal on therapy over the past six months and although my therapist is quite good and is sincere in her concern for my well being, her satisfaction, alone, is not a good enough reason for me to persist in this form here on earth. 

I had an acquaintance who said that the only reason he didn't take his own life is that it would destroy his parents and family.  I can tell you the opposite is true for me. My parents do not like me and have banned me from their presence and my siblings would love my share of the parents' estate before they would be sad at my departure and in fact would be the recipients of my not too shabby estate since I have no offspring.

Since the last time I was here, I have ordered and thoroughly planned my minimalist funeral without ceremony or memorial. As I have been paying for it in installments, my wishes must be fulfilled by the undertaker. I have sold almost all of my belongings.

Each week I convinced myself to hang in because John promised he would be able to do the few things I can't afford and can't do myself and it will be great.  He made some lofty promises and finished the work to about 90% on Saturday. I saw it. In the end, he had a fit and deleted the entire site and now I have no money or knowledge to reconstruct it. That's it.

At 9 pm last night, he wiped out the last four months of our efforts, knowing full well how devastating it would be to me. My brain is so mushy that i can't even figure out how to buy a cheap custom website from Asia to replace it. I have some screen shots only.

I can only imagine that he wanted to see if his actions could push me over the edge.  I say YES... defeated... I am thoroughly defeated and as I am not expected anywhere before Nov 11th, I suspect my corpse will be reeking before anyone notices that I am not around.

I don't even know why I am posting this. I will post again on Wednesday after 9 pm. Please do not PM me with platitudes and such. I am done with that too.