Does the settling of affairs/posthumous logistics pose the main obstacle to committing suicide for anyone else?\[In summary: "I don't want your love, I just want you to be happy without me."\]

I've  planned and re-planned my suicide for months, and honestly, the only  thing that has prevented my committing it is the logistics of the whole  affair. Wouldn't it be nice if there was, say, an estate attorney who  specialized in helping people plan their death? I don't have any savings  (I'm a 20 year old bartender), but I would at least like to properly  dispose of my belongings and body in a way that is not burdensome or  traumatizing to others. And then there's the last words. Should there be  any? I feel as though the people in my life deserve some final  declaration of our relationship, but what to say, and how to phrase it  perfectly? How can I not fall short of at least articulating myself in  death? How can I provide a means of closure to my parents, especially my  mom, for whom I 'm all she has? And for my dad, who has a family of his  own but will surely regret the shortcomings of our relationship? My  step- and half-siblings? My friends and relatives? I have failed in  life, but surely suicide can only prescribe failure in death as well.

I  want to die successfully, and be considerate of others, so that I can  at least delude myself in suicide being anything other than selfish and  weak. I don't deserve any of these people, and it would be nice if they  could suddenly cease to love me if only it would ensure there is no  suffering in the wake of my suicide. I'm not so wilfully ignorant as to  repeat some mantra like, "no-body loves me and I'm just a burden," but  for the latter part I guess I am in fact a burden, but they are my  burden as well; our burdens are mutual and one just cannot be borne  without the other without one failing the other. Suicide can only be  impossible for one striving to be considerate, but it doesn't change the  fact that I fantasize about it incessantly and open up my thighs with  razors frequently just to prepare myself for what severing the femoral  artery will be like. I would like to think I still have some pride  though, so I have been trying to test my pain tolerance for something  akin to seppuku, but seeing as I'm not Japanese I feel an exact  iteration of seppuku can only be laughable and appropriated. There must  be someway I can at least die with a shred of honour.

For  now I guess I have to continue aspiring to be some pathetic caricature  of an übermensch (I just tattooed my ankle with a ü in old German  script as a reminder of some sort, but really I just love tattoos lol).  This must sound terribly narcissistic but regardless I find no other  philosophical model or archetype empowers my will to live so much as  Nietzche's  übermensch. I'll be amazed if anyone can relate to such  bullshit lol. Nonetheless, here I am posting this