I don't see it getting any better, whats the point of struggling and fighting for your life if there's nothing to look forward to and nothing will ever change? Why?I was four years old when I started getting bullied at school, it was always my friends who did the bullying.
One girl I knew setup the entire class against me and the bullying would happen every single day. Everyday I was always left out and told racist or nasty things. Noone was my friend. Noone would let me play with them. I was always excluded and unwanted, a specific memory comes to mind when I say this, I was in 3rd year of kindergarten when a teacher was telling my mom that "your daughter doesn't have any friends".
To which my mother replied laughing "it doesn't matter as long as she has good grades", I  just so happened to be close to the room when they were say this and that moment was etched into my memory the fact that I was unwanted from the start. Another thing really disturbed me was when I was changing clothes for our KG graduation, there wasn't a room where I could change clothes so my mom took me behind what was supposed to be the set up of our stage at the time, it was a small setup and my mother was helping get changed behind it meanwhile the other kids in my class were not respecting my privacy and they wanted to see me get changed, they would to the left side of this stage and when my mother would tell them to go, they would just go to the right.

I go into the first grade, same thing I'm getting bullied by my entire class, one girl screwed up my drawing in my notebook, I was everyone's emotional punching bag, it was an islamic school, I was putting a ruler I  had in one of my highlighters and a girl said "I seen her worship it"
Same girl put one of writing board markers of another girl to say I stole it. Stuff like that would happen everyday that was something I got used to. Multiple times this would happen in both schools an entire classroom of girls that hated me would gang up on me telling me how stupid I am this happenedin 3rd grade.


Except there was a new girl in school lets call her Z,
Z was possibly the only friend I had in that school, we would play and talk together and I think she's what kept me holding on in all that loneliness when nobody else really wanted me, I felt like for once "hey I'm not that bad", the first time I saw was when she took my seat in the front, the seat that was meant for the person at the top of the class in studies, at first I hated her for that because it meant alot to me, I wasn't catching a break at home or at school noone ever taught how to feel noone spoke to me, the only time my family spoke to me was to tell me how much I "don't know anything" and that I don't "understand anything" instead of teaching me how act or feel. So I was really working hard to get good grades, I had to prove to my family and myself and everyone that I was smart I had nothing else to pride myself on, nothing to make me feel worth putting in the effort to keep going, I felt no self worth and this was very serious it meant if I was really what everyone said I was or if there's hope that I can learn in the future, mother would struggle teaching my older brother and sister math, I was the only one that didn't allow her to do that, my family was already making fun of me for being stupid. I wasn't smart in everything though, I didn't gain street smarts like my sister had.  And people couldn't understand why I was so fucked up, I had social anxiety, couldn't look people in the eye while talking to them I was uncomfortable around family members that weren't my direct family, I struggled in talking to people, it wasn't because I couldn't understand but I was so scared of saying something wrong or screwing up I wasn't sure of what I should say.
The same routine would happen, my classroom still hated me and would bully me but atleast I had Z to keep me going, until 2nd grade when she moved to another school, I  stayed in that old school for another year and faced more bullying. I begged my parents to let me out of that school and move me to another one, they complied and I moved to a new school, 4th grade I entered this new school and made friends with this girl who will also become my new main bully in this school for the next 2 years not to mention that the entire class will turn on me AGAIN (_and that includes all the girls that were supposedly my friends_ ), there was nothing bad that happened between me and this girl for her to start bullying me, we would both like singing and once I got into the new school and we were in class I asked the teacher if she could let me sing in the end of the class and she let me, I was trying to prove myself hoping that they would like me, I struggled in talking but singing was something I was good at so hopefully that would help, singing was apparently her thing too, and though she never said it I believe its why she started bullying me. 
I have another memory from that school when I was in the classroom and a bunch of girls were surrounding my desk, some of them were my "friends". 
"Why are you  here?"
"I just wanted to change schools"
"Then change to another school"
Words were being said but its all fuzzy now 
.
.
.
I don't remember much of the conversation. But I do recall staring at the clock, it just wouldn't move, time didn't want to go by. I'm never leaving this hell.

6th grade is when it ended, at that point I stopped talking to people entirely, I just couldn't handle entire classes of girls ganging up on me anymore. I wanted silence even if it meant being invisible I couldn't take it anymore. Now I was walking ashamed and defeated and mute just so I can survive. I let time pass me by and I remained silent, I didn't want conflict. I was already getting told I'm ugly at home and stupid and retarded.
I heard everything.

HOME:

At home I had my dad my mother, sister and brother.
My mother was always angry and bitter and I've been denying it my whole life but she's fucking unstable.
My brother and sister are both shitheads and still are to this day.
My dad, the only person that would talk to me and listen to me when I needed someone to talk to. He often talked about god and hope which he often gave me when I was falling apart, though he has the habit of downplaying how shitty my family has treated me, he was the only support system I had even if he's negligent.
At home my mom always put alot of pressure on me to be this perfect ideal she would always compare me to my sister who is 6 years older than me. Or to whatever fucking cousin or random daughter of one of her friends. She would smother me spoon feed me while my siblings watched me, this mentally disabled freak be treated like an idiot. She would try to play with her baby 
And wouldn't give me the space to breathe.


I am not exaggerating she would only ever talk to me about the things I was screwing up and only ever cared about how we look to other people my mental health was something of no importance. She had issues with her family and hated my dad's family and she was very controlling towards all of us, she'd call all of dumb fucking stupid and retarded. She would blame us for all her lifes problems, and she never smiles, she refuses help when anyone offers it with the chores and then she'll say how shitty we are as her children. That we are all pieces of shit and as our mother she should have perfect children and a perfect life. I don't fucking know.

 My brother and sister got out of her control when they started biting back at her for crossing so many lines, I being the youngest and least assertive got the most shit out of the crazy bitch. Because its "bad" to be disobedient to your abusive parent, you still owe them everything and god hates rebellious children...honestly at this point fuck off me with that bullshit. Religious bs.
Tell me whats so fucking hard about not traumatizing your kid. You telling them you'd wish you'd never had them and telling them all of your traumas and issues is somehow ok because yes mother you birthed me into this hell hole and now I owe my shitty life which I would gladly give back ffs, not to mention my grades never went down because I was after your bloody approval which I'd have for a few seconds when you see my high grades but then you go back to cursing and being unsatisfied with your horrible life.
Whats so horrible about washing the dishes 
And cooking 
Everyone cooks and cleans. And if that where your problem then why don't you pet us help you.
You don't but then you berate us.
My dad has diabetes, high blood pressure, his nerves are still taking shit and he's walking talking skeleton but somehow the way your kitchen looks is more important than your husband dying, oh yes she yells at him everyday as well and he refuses to leave for the sake of the family, she blames him for all the things that ever went wrong in her horrible life. 
What in the fuck?

I owe her respect and to help her around the house and support her when she is in need, other than that its not my job to be her emotional punching anytime she needs to yell and curse at someone which is ALL THE FUCKING TIME. I don't have the strength for this anymore. 
If can graduate university without killing myself then of course I help her and be there for her when she needs me but I don't understand what god is supposed to teach me from this. I don't see how I can heal.



I would hear all of them,save my dad, call me nasty things, the second I say or do anything the same way they do its me being a horrible person.
No, I have never recieved any type of help and no nobody gives a fuck and 
You wouldn't understand the pain I'm feeling if you had a normal or healthy childhood
None of the relationships in my life have even been close to healthy, I wish I was never born. I was always shamed for being fat and I hated myself for my body and wished I was dead every single day.
Never catching any breaks, the stretch marks all over my body cause me revulsion.
Being shamed constantly for my body and watching all the girls at my school starve themselves. 

I am exhausted. I don't want to keep on living
 I don't believe in her faith anymore, I don't  even know if there is a god who just doesn't respond when you pray. And isn't there for you when you need him.
 Life shouldn't always be this painful. I believed for years that if I kept my faith and did my best then things would get better or atleast less horrible, I had a faith in this god that put in this world. But nothing ever changed. Life will probably still suck years from now so why should I fight for a miserable life