Don't know if I can do this anymoreThis is the first time I've posted on here, but I really need a place to vent. I feel I am at a breaking point and I don't know what to do.
Be prepared this is a long one.

I am having a hard time finding a reason to live life anymore. From a young age I have always felt that people have taken advantage of my naive nature. When I was 5 til about 8 I was raped by one of my mom's friends. I did not know at the time what had happened to me, but it made me not socialize with other kids at school. I remember the police being there and my parents being upset. I remember thinking this is not something to share with my peers. I kept to myself and found comfort in colorful things, cartoons, Pokemon etc. Anything with a happy or positive vibe to make me feel like I had friends or that there was good in the world.

Fast forward til I was about 13, I started to feel really sad all the time and had no idea why. My parents told me it was my hormones changing, and that I was fine. But it felt really bad to me. Like I shouldn't be alive. I started doing very poorly in school, was picked on, and tried to take my own life. My teacher and parents didn't pay any attention to me and I had no friends still. My parents and teachers eventually met together and decided that it would be best to hold me back a grade to readjust me. I was devastated. I felt like such a loser. The following school year I decided no more, I wanted to make friends and stop being alone. I was instantly popular. I had so many friends, girls chasing after me, was always around people. Then my parents moved me and I had no internet, no phone, no way to contact these people. I had to start all over again and didn't want to. 

Next we are at age 16. I make friends with all of the goth kids in school and realize that we have alot in common. It's nice to find solace in others who have thought or attempted to harm themselves, or had a darker view on life. Alot of them were bisexual, which made me nervous because of the rape incident. But I had started noticing boys and liked them, 

I came out as bi, later gay. I felt so disgusted with myself because I didn't know if this was how I was supposed to be or if I was like this because of the rape. To this day I have some trouble knowing.

High school goes well, make lots of friends with the goth kids, until age 17. A girl I had been friends with wanted me to be her boyfriend.  She was obsessed with me but I told her that I was gay and not interested and would still love to be her friend. She then proceeds to drug me. It left me in a coma for 3 months. I wake up from the coma scared and confused. I develop an anxiety disorder. I become afraid of people, afraid to socialize even more. Start having lots of panic attacks.

I nearly fail school yet again because of this. I was never offered any consuling, never any help. Then again I didn't really want it. I am afraid of taking too many drugs and becoming a zombie. I dunno I'm afraid of drugs after being drugged. Get forced to go to therapy after telling my parents that I was gonna shoot myself. Go to therapist, get prescribed Zoloft 25mgs. Works pretty well helps take away the panic attacks at least. 

Meet an older guy, he's 10 years older than me but looks around my age. Move in with him right out of high school. He makes me feel good about myself, calms me down during my panic attacks, seems over all good for me. Ends up leaving me because we had been dating 5 years and he couldn't marry a guy and couldn't deal with my anxiety. I'm devastated. Jumped so quickly into things that I didn't go to  college, no money saved, etc. Was homeless for a few days. My friends take me in and I live on their couch. 

Start dating another guy, he leaves me because he can't handle my anxiety problems. Start to really see a pattern and realize people don't wanna deal with people with mental illness. 

Start seeing my husband at the time. Our relationship starts out really good. He quickly moved in with me. Fast forward 2 years and he asks me to marry him. Finally I feel safe and secure. I feel like no one else can harm me. I feel like I don't have to worry about drugs or rape or being alone. I was wrong. He becomes extremely abusive. Gives me black eyes, chokes me, had a seizure, put a gun to my head and said he was gonna kill me, wouldn't let me see my friends or family. Controlled every aspect of my life. I felt alone and hopeless but at least I had a place to live until he decided to kill me. He ends up asking for a divorce. I'm devastated yet again.

There's a guy who came into my life almost a year ago. Says he's straight, but always initiated things. Fall madly in love with him. First person in my life who has ever had faith or believed in me. Go to visit him for a month. We have a sexual relationship. Leave. Tells me that it was a mistake. Too embarrassed to even let people know I exist. 

***Long story short***
Right now with being rejected by someone I had grown to love and going through a divorce and being forced to socialize after being isolated by my ex husband and having to be out on my own for basically the first time, getting a job and having to know that I need this to survive, wondering if I'll be stuck doing the same thing over and over again. Losing that job and being homeless. Been having lots of thoughts about hurting myself again. I am tired of all the things life has given me. I feel alone and am sick of it. I feel like I'm forced to start all over yet again and don't know if I want to. I have this view on the world that it's suppose to be a good experience but it's never happened. I'm 26 years old with nothing to show. No-one to care about me. I don't feel that I have any reason or any right to be alive. I just wish I wasn't such a coward and would just do it. I'm sorry for the long rant I just needed a place to express myself without judgement. Whenever I try and talk to someone they usually end up not understanding or leaving or i end up attacking them because I feel vulnerable.  I dunno what to do anymore. 

