My parents are the only reason why I'm alive.I'm starting to write this with the intention to tell whoever is reading this that I'm very depressed and I'm wishing that I could erase myself from live.
I have nearly no friends, no good education and no motivation and believe in improving.

This is going to be a long read.
Thank you to whoever is willing to read this and or show any interrest towards me.


.


I'm an only child, 23 years old, born 2 months too soon and fought my way to survive the first couple of months.
My mother nearly died from preeclampsia (pregnancy poisoning) during my birth.
They had to remove her uterus right after.
My mom will never be able to get another child because of this.

It took my parents 5+ years of trying to get a child.
My mother even lost triplets due to a misscariage about 5 years before my birth.

My parents love me a lot and they show it everyday.
They want me to be happy and I can tell that they get sad when I'm unhappy.


.


The past 10 years has been rough for me.
In this time I figured out that school isn't something I'm great at.
You can say it's hard for me to force myself to learn things I am not interested in.
This caused me to underperform bigtime.
A second reason for this is that I've never known what I wanted to become / what career path suited me.

I dropped out twice (study to become a healthcoach &amp; study to become assistant teacher) and didn't finish army bootcamp which I easily could have and in hindsight should have and regret.

It hurts my parents that I never finished a study.
They want their only child to be successful and wish me nothing but the best.
I hate that I can't find the motivation to finish a study and I hate that I don't know what to do in live.


.


I grew up in a very small Dutch community in a big German city.
This was due to my farther working on a NATO military base in Germany.
I've spent my whole elementary school period over there on a small Dutch school that hosted only 30 students aged 4 to 12.
We were in some ways forced to befriend our classmates.

After that period my parents and I moved back to The Netherlands.
I lost all my friend and had to find new ones.
This was extremely hard for me.

Never have I been able to call someone my bestfriend.
My piers didn't want nor need me in their friend group. They all new eachother since when they where little.
I was an outsider to them, the new kid.

It also didn't play in my advantage that nearly all my classmates played soccer and I never really liked that sport. 
It seems that playing soccer is the 'meta' in this country. you're labeled different if you're a boy that doesn't play soccer.

Luckily I've found some friends throught sports.
I can't call them close friends. They invite me to parties now and then but I'm not the guy they like to go on vacation with.


.


The last couple months have been the roughest thus far.
I've been unmotivated to do anything.
The only place where I've been going is my parttime job, the other is my room.
This is due to Covid and because I love being left alone in peace.
I'm spending the time in my room playing videogames, watching sports or youtube or laying in bed / sleeping.


.


Sports was cancelled the last 4 months due to Covid but will be resumed a week from now.
This should be a great thing because sports is my #1 hobby.

My coach told the team to be fit and ready for next season.
I couldn't get myself to stay fit and now my fat% is higher then even.
My cardio is probably the lowest its ever been.
I'm also not looking forward to play the sport at all and feel like I rather leave the team to stay at home and not having to go to the club and spend the energy.
This would grow me further apart from my friends.


.


I'm done with live.
I don't see myself becoming successful in anything.
I don't have a clue where I can find happiness.
I don't think I will find a careerpath I like.
I don't think I will ever find a tight friendgroup.
I'm just done.

The thing that keeps me from ending it all are my parents.
It would kill them if I ever leave them.
They deserve better than me but I don't think they will ever get that better version of me.

.

I don't know what to expect from this post.
Had to vent and give this story a place I guess.