I just don't know how to handle this anymoreI figured I'd come here, I don't exactly have many other places to go. I am 18 years old, male, and just went through a break up that I was not emotionally prepared for. I had been dating this girl for almost a year, and to tell the truth, had really fallen for her. I cared about her immensely and we had a great relationship. Out of nowhere, last sunday, she and I are talking and things don't seem right with her, I ask if she's okay, and we end up talking for 3 hours. She tells me her feelings for me aren't there anymore, and that she "loved me but wasn't IN love with me". It hit me like a ton of bricks. There were almost NO problems in our relationship and we were both really happy and cared about each other a lot. She called me "the perfect boyfriend" and nothing had seemed wrong until literally THAT day. Just two days before I had seen her and we watched a movie and cuddled and she told me how much she cared about me, so this came out of nowhere. I am trying to cope, but the thought of how sudden and unexplained it was is killing me. We decided to end the relationship based on that ONE talk. I'm dying inside, because I still want to be with her, and I still care about her and it seems like every day I feel worse and worse. I don't understand why it had to end, and it seems like every day, I spend trying to think of reasons that we should get back together or how to convince her. I can't talk to my parents, who told me to "get over it", and I feel like I'm bothering my friends with how much this is bothering me. I can't bear to think about her, but end up doing that much of the day. Trying to imagine life going forward is horrible for me, because it feels so pointless to me. I am in so much pain and confusion right now, I don't know how to cope with it, and I am scared because I've been having recurring suicidal thoughts. I don't want to die, but I think it would be less painful, and each day I'm less convinced that going through this torture is worth it. Any advice or help or anything would help me, thank you for reading.