Not really sure what to do anymore..Hi. i just want to start off by saying nothing tragic has happened to me and i haven't lost a family member or anything like that. None the less, i still consider suicide everyday as my only option. And to be honest if i had the guts to do it even with pain i probably would. But i don't. If i had a way to do it painlessly right now i would consider it even more. And every time i contemplate cutting i can't because of the scars that would still be there if i manage to heal from this. Also my parents would send me to the hospital straight away and it could impact my 2 year old and 6 year old brothers who i love very much. So it's basically hope that's keeping me alive right now. Hope that i will be normal again. So the reason why i feel this way is because it impossible for me to talk to people properly anymore (in real life) because of the way i look. And it's impossible for me to not not look uncomfortable in social situations, because truthfully, i am. I am basically shit scared of people now. Not including my family. I'm not really sure where i screwed up but i know my life went downhill ever since year 8. I'm now in year 11 and i have developed what i believe to be chronic dry eyes, sleep deprivation, anxiety, social awkwardness, depressed, you name it and i probably feel it. I never did drugs or smoked. Yet i still look, act and talk a bit like a drug addict. 

Ok so the reason my life went downhill from year 8 onwards is because well basically because i had to move states(Australia) and i met someone (who i wish i never met) and he got me addicted to a game and masturbation and porn. i became consumed by masturbating to porn. I found my self having no energy play sport (especially soccer) and my cognitive skills were out the window ever since then. I used to be a really sporty kid and really likeable and enthusiastic about life. Now i feel like an energy drained zombie every day. I'm not sure if masturbation is the problem because i have tried stopping it and i didn't see improvement because i was still stressed out etc. Although i only managed to stop for a week. I have already been to several doctors and some specialists for my eyes but nothings helped. I'm starting to lose hope in my self and i feel like every year from now is just going to get worse and worse. I don't think i'll ever get a job the way i am, drive or do anything. I don't want to be homeless because i know deep down is a really smart person. It's just hidden behind a wall of shit that's happening to me. If there's anyone out there that can help me it would be much obliged. Thank you.