A life you will never have. There is always that moment when there was a ray of sunshine. Things could have been different. I had a life that was actually worth living. For a single year I lived in a different state. My job was a dollar above minimum wage and in retail, but I fucking loved it. I FUCKING loved it. I was so far from all but two people in my family that I lived with, in a big city, and had the nicest coworkers i'll probably never have again. I was only on a low dose of effexor that I could have eventually gotten off. I was truly happy with life for the only time in my life. I was content with life. I had even lost half the weight I needed to lose. I started exercising, opening up to people and talking like a real human being, was functioning at a basic level. 

But then it ended. Circumstances forced me to move back to my shit hole of a home state. Back to family that has caused me so much pain and misery. A place with no life, bleak depressing rust belt "squalor" . Now I am back to ekeeing out a miserable existance. I was on one medication there and have been on six or more since moving back. AND started abusing alcohol so much that I "Nearly killed myself" once according to my mother by vomiting in my sleep. 

My job is in retail but at a worse place. Everyone in this city acts like the life has been sucked out of them. People are 75 percent less happy and kind. The jobs are shit and there is nothing around but cornfields and the dumbass conservative redneck inbred mouth breathers who tend them. 

There will never be a happiness. Life is nothing but suffering for many people. I have not suffered like others who live in tragedy in the third world but everyone suffers in there own way. With no college education , way to pay for one, or way to afford to move out beyond this place, life will forever be meaningless. Death is the only answer. The sweet release of death. 

It hurts to think of how things could have been in an alternate timeline. A universe where I could just wake up and smile and go for a walk in the sunshine on a cold day, content with being alive pains me. 

It is all hopeless. 