Writing a draft of my suicide noteRough week. Really feel like this is going to be the week. One of the most severe depressions I've had of all time, no idea what it's triggered by. I have bipolar, so sometimes you just get suicidal over literally nothing, even when everything is going fine. What can you do, you know? Seeing the doc on Wednesday. Hopefully I can hold out until then. I wanna write this out to maybe get it out of my brain and out of my system and indulge the part of myself that's so eager to pull the trigger. I'm really sad because I want to die, and I'm sure I would have already made my attempt already if it weren't for the fact that I have a dog and I am afraid to leave him behind. I love him very much, but right now I wish I hadn't gotten him so that I wouldn't have any obligations to keep me here. I don't have a family to speak of and my friendships are shallow at best, so there are no human beings that I feel worried about leaving behind. Only my dog. I'm sure someone would take good care of him, but I've had him since he was a puppy (he's 6 now), and I think he'd be really sad if I suddenly disappeared.

---

My entire life has been filled with a darkness I've felt so deep inside of me it keeps me awake. Sometimes it goes away, sometimes longer than others, but sometimes it comes back full force and nothing I can do can stop it. Nobody's words make it go away, no amount of walks with my dog, bubble baths, soothing candles, binge watching TV, hobbies, working, sleeping, make it go away. Everything is just a temporary distraction.  I can't even sleep to avoid the feelings anymore I wake up late at night feeling dread in my chest, severe and deep pain that I can't figure out how to escape without dying.

Even when I'm not at my absolute lowest, I can't enjoy happiness, because it's always in the back of my mind. "Happy" moments in my life feel like they fly by like a movie, rather than something I'm actually present for. At my best, I feel like I feel nothing. My "normal" is feeling apathetic and unsatisfied. 

There isn't an escape for me other than death. Medicine doesn't work well enough to make it go away, therapy doesn't work, I am permanently broken. Some people are born with physical birth defects, and I am born with this mental one. I can't bear to deal with it anymore. I've been struggling for too long to keep on top of my life while feeling like running a marathon underwater. I just want to feel at peace and not in pain for once. 