I just don’t know what to doHi. I’ll use my middle name- I’m Trinidee. I don’t post to reddit much, and I just found this. It’s currently 3am for me and I’m feeling really alone, so why not post this? 
I’m 15, and I’ve been dealing with severe anxiety and depression since I was 10, due to personal/family reasons. I’m on medications, which do help with panic attacks, but nothing else really. 
I have friends, they care about me, they have their own problems that help them understand how I feel sometimes, but I can’t talk to them. They’re always telling me I’ll be okay, they say that they’re always there, the usual. It’s great to know that they care, but it doesn’t help me feel any better at all. I’m in a relationship as well, but any time I mention my bad feelings or anything, they get really worried and start crying and again, it’s good to know that they care, but it almost makes me mad for some reason. It bothers me how they cry because of how I feel, I don’t know why. I guess I feel bad for hurting them? I don’t know. 
In 2017, my oldest brother died of a previously unknown heart problem. He was much older than me, but it hurt and it still does. Now it’s just me and my other brother. My mom hasn’t been great since then, and she talks about how she’s “ready to go and be with (my brother)”, which really hurts me. Just because he’s dead, does that mean she only cares about him now instead of the children she still has? My parents don’t really love me, I know that. I hate my dad. He’s not abusive physically, but he is emotionally. I cant do anything about it, because I can’t put my mom’s stability at risk. My mom knows about my depression and anxiety, she knows I’m on medication, and yet she doesn’t understand. She says that I can just “get over it”, like it’s a light switch I can just turn off. And yet she constantly says she wants to kill herself to be with my brother. 
I feel really lonely. I’m really shy, and most people think I’m “weird” because of how awkward I am irl. I don’t have anyone to talk to that understands and helps. I’ve told my mom time and time again that I need real help, I need to talk to a professional, but she never does anything. I don’t care for most people, and at this point I don’t see a point in living life because I’ll just die anyways. 
A year or so ago, after my brother died, I met someone who really helped me feel better. I didnt “love” him like that, but I loved him for his support and friendship he showed me. I was selfish then, and I didn’t realize how rare and special he was, and I messed up and lost him. He hates me now for my selfishness, and I haven’t talked to him in months. I miss him so much. He made me feel real happiness. It’s like, at the moment I lost him, an already-dim light was shut off for me. Since then I just don’t know what to do. 
I think about suicide a lot. I’ve never self-harmed, Ive never done anything like that, but my friends know that I think about it. I feel like I’ll always be too afraid to actually do it, but I consider it. I don’t know how I’d do it, but I think about doing it and what would happen. I think everyone would just move on after a while. The main reason I haven’t done it is my partner, I know that if I did it then they would be broken, and they’d probably do it as well (they have a history of self harm). I don’t want that. 
I just don’t know what to do anymore. I feel so alone.