What can I do? Suicidal.Hello everyone!
Before I explain my situation I'd thought I would give you guys some info about myself.
I am 19 years old (turning 20). I live in Sweden. I have no real friends. I've never had a girlfriend. I have an IQ of 139 (checked at Mensa) I love History, Biology and Video games.
I have high functioning autism. (Something no one knows except family members)

I feel very depressed. From my early childhood I've had a hard time making friends. And I've never been able to keep any. My days are spent completely alone in front of the computer where I play games and read. I've also been bullied severely from age 8 to age 16.
I am capable of making friends (a trait gained in my teens) however due to new friends already having other groups of friends by the age that I meet them it's been nearly impossible to keep them. The latest group of friends I have is slowly disappearing, these past 2 years they have done things without me such as traveling etc. and they never call me unless they need help with something. I've been so desperate so that I've even bought an apartment closer to them (they said that I lived too far away before, 20 mins) however it's the same thing now.
Even though my high intelligence (I don't want to brag, I'm trying to tell my story) and extremely big knowledge in subjects I find interesting I've never cared much about school nor education. This has led me to have insufficient grades in High-School.
I've tried working at many different places, but I've never been able to stay for long due to my autism preventing me from doing things I hate repetitively.
Is someone else in the same situation? If I will live my life without friends, a job, a wife and kids. Then I don't want to live. And I don't want to wait to find out. Not like this.
I know I sound like a brat, who throws away opportunities. But unless you're me it's going to be impossible to understand exactly why my life is so miserable.

Edit: This was also posted to the Depression subreddit. But I'd thought I'd add some things.

Right now the only thing keeping me from ending it all is my parents. I don't want to make them live in misery thinking this was their fault (because in my experience, even if you write to them telling them it's not their fault, their parental instincts will tell them they're to blame somehow.)

Sometimes when I'm out driving, I speed up to 200 kms/h hoping that I won't be able to react if something happens and crash. 

I feel empty inside, no emotions. I'm stopping to care about things that were very dear to me before. 