Void... The voidDisclaimer... this is not a suicide note, not yet anyways, i’m not leaving you lot yet.

Hey it’s me...
Hi, it’s me, ______ or Cheatzits or whatever the fuck you know me as. Im about to do it. Why? Because i believe i have overstayed my welcome in this word; i don’t belong here. But before i go, i’m gonna explain to you just why i feel this way, so that you may understand a little if you are confused.

1. Humans
Humans are paradoxical little creatures, we are supposedly social creatures, but we will not shy from the chance to use someone as a metaphorical stepping stool when given the chance. What i’m trying to say is, my experience with people varies, but it’s usually all the same. They all want something from you, whether it be work, drugs, affection, time, money; its all the same. People are, for the most part, only interested in themselves and what they can gain, and do not care how what they do affects others. I’d like to think i was different. I felt guilty to ask things of people, i always made sure my ‘friends’ were ok, I was always there for people, maybe it was because of how little i cared about myself, but i still tried. What did i get in return? Nothing, nada, emptiness, abyss, void.

2. Void
The word void actually brings us onto our next reason, an emotion that only a select few humans feel, an emotion i have coined “void”. Void is self explanatory, but i will elaborate for the jolly souls that might be reading this. Void is a part of you, void defines you, void is the abyss inside of you that can never be filled. Some people on this world are foolish enough to think they can fill the void, and will throw their all at it. Some of the things they might use are Money, drugs, food, entertainment, relationships just to name a few. Their mistake is thinking this void can be filled, because, in my experience it can’t. Every time i’ve felt like it might be getting better, i always end up back at the void, as deep as always or sometimes even deeper. 

3. Love
Admittedly, i haven’t tried every method of “void” filling i mentioned, however, I have no hope for them to work, reason 3 is love, and how it is twisted. Love is a part of your brain that overly attaches you to someone or something in order to widen your genepool. Your brain seems to think it’s ok to devote all your attention and effort into this “love” even if you aren’t even in a relationship with the “loved”. Too many times has my brain betrayed me into thinking that a girl is the “light” in this dark hellhole of a world. My brain is biased all the time, making these girls look like my ticket out, but that is never the case. Too often am i knocked back down to reality by reality itself. That feelings are not always reciprocated. I am not mad that girls don’t magically like me back, i am mad that no one likes me at all. Maybe i’m not good enough, but what does that matter right? I’ve seen worse sack of shits then me be happy with a girl, perhaps im just not worthy. But what is worthiness really.

4. Talents (worthiness)
Speaking of worth, let’s talk about how big the human race is for a second, 7 billion people and growing. So what exactly are we going school for? To get our piece of paper to look nice for employers? Because it’s not to bring out our “special skill” like the happy’s will have you believe. There are 7 billion people on this planet, your chances at being even close to the best at anything are minimal if not null. This struck me at some point in my high school “career”, i am not as smart as i once was, but it wasn’t that, i am just not as smart as everyone else. People can do what i struggle with like its nothing, and i am left in the dirt. It’s not like im particularly bad at any of these things, its just that whats the point if the guy sitting next to me is better then me in every way

5. Humans (again) 
I’m bringing it back to us as a species now because i want to highlight another issue, selfishness is understandable in a larger picture, people just want to better themselves in whatever way they see fit, but what i’m talking about next is just pure betrayal. Betrayal is the next reason because as we know, being betrayed is a horrible feeling, we’ve all felt it. I’ve been betrayed a few times in my run, a few too many. My guidance counsellor betrayed me when she tried to bring my only method of escapism into question, my parents betrayed me when they decided they want to use me to fulfil their own goals, the list goes on really. Betrayal sucks. And i don’t know why there is any room for it in our species.

6. Loneliness
Remember when i talked about void? Well these two go hand in hand, Loneliness is an extension or form of void, that affects lonely people, except that loneliness could probably be filled, if people were considerate enough.
Let me explain, how do you think you’d feel, if you went to school everyday, got on well with almost everyone, like always, got treated like you were as goof as everyone else, and hell, you even get some birthday wishes from people you didnt expect on your birthday. But, as soon as you get home... radio silence, no one cares about you, you’re just another life, no one will text you first, talk to you, or anything. You’re just left to sit and cry and your room and wonder... “Why?” “I guess they’re busy” “Maybe im not close enough with them” “Maybe they’ve got more important things to do”
Who cares, who gives a shit cunt.
And once you realise no one gives a fuck, you fall into it too.
You stop caring about everyone else, but most importantly, you stop caring about yourself.
A cut on your wrist is nothing to you, it doesnt matter, nothing matters. 
The stars are already dead, we are a spec of dust in a massive universe. Nothing matters, none of us do, you learned that the hard way.