There's really not a point in dragging this onI had kinda bought my days of hiding in the bathroom at work were over, at least for a bit, but here I am.

I thought I finally found the answer. I was feeling joy in things again and things felt like they were clicking into place. What happened? Why did everything crumble and fall in-between my fingers?

I can't deal with this anymore. If there truly is no answer to this depression I don't want to carry on much longer. The taunting whispers of happiness while isolated from everything is too heavy on my heart. I have no more energy to scream when I've been ignored or stigmatized most of my life. I'm tired. Let me sleep.

And if it was just me maybe it wouldn't be so bad. But I feel my boyfriend's frustration that my turn-around was short-lived. I didn't want this either. 

But without me he wouldn't be burdened with taking care of me, worrying about me, accommodating for me... I'm just a rock in everyone's shoe. I'm no good to anyone. Just unneeded baggage. 

All I ever wanted in life was to touch lives in one way or another. To make an impact on this world. But I feel like I'm constantly drowned out amongst the noise and my attempts are in vain. I'm not a strong person and am talentless. I cannot understand why it is that people naturally are disgusted with me everywhere I go. Never, and I mean *never,* do I ever attract much company, in any setting with any genuine attitude I take on. I don't know what I do wrong. I think I was never meant for this world no matter how long I cling to it.

I'm only safe for now because I'm keeping to my promise, but who knows how I'll feel tomorrow. Part of me wishes for another chance at happiness all over again, and part of me wishes just to pull the plug and just fucking forget it.

Right now I want to clock out, drive home, and go to sleep so I can just dream and not think about any of this right now.

But almost no one at work gives a shit so lucky for me I'm probably stuck for 8 more hours.

Joy.


