I want to kill myself. I can't though. And I hate it.I just wish I wasnt born. I have 3 sisters aged 6,8, and 19. How could I leave my 6 and 8 year old sisters that I pick up from school and play with every day with the burden of me just one day being gone and not understanding why. I just want to not exist in this world, I feel trapped. My 19 year old sister has depression and bipolar disorder. She's cut her wrists and wants to run away. She only tells me this and forces me to tell nobody.  I'm scared of her. I have dreams that she loses her mind and kills me. I dont sleep at night anymore. I hate school and im always tired. My friends are all smart and want to be engineers but I can't fucking pass a grade 11 math test. Im 16 in grade 11 and I fucking hate every day of school. I pretend to be sick so I can skip it. I can't drop out because my dad would lose it. I cant commit suicide because my mom already thinks she's failed as a parent because of my older sister's doings.  My parents put all their effort into my eldest sister because I keep all this inside of me. Ive told them and they did 2 counselling sessions before my dad cut them off because he thought I was doing it for attention and was faking it. They don't believe me. They put all resources into helping her and I've been neglected. I hate them. If my two younger sisters were not in the equation I would instantly kill myself. I even have a note written on my laptop containing how to help explain suicide to young kids. Alongside a will in which everything goes to my friends and younger sisters. I'm trapped. Trapped in this shitty life where I have no joy, no happiness. I keep everything inside of me and I only can tell my friends. I just want to get hit by a car so that I can die and it can be an accident. Tbh I don't even know why I'm writing this. Or how I got here. I was researching the most efficient ways to die. I don't want to waste any space if I ever work up the guts to leave this shitty world and take my life. I just wish life didn't kick you to the ground and keep kicking you. Like fuck man I just want to die. I just want whatever this world is to not contain me. I wish it was like an immune system and I was an infection and it flushed me out. I'm trapped it this paradox where I can't but I want to so bad. I hate my younger sisters because they're keeping me alive but love them because they are keeping me alive. I know that made no sense to whoever read this far into my jumbled mess of thoughts and self loathing, but to me it does. I wish my parents would take me out of school for a week or two so I can just mentally try heal and reset. I'm in danger at school because I want to die the most there. I could so easily just run away and finish it. And I'm so goddamn tempted to. To be honest I know deep deep down I dont want to die, and I believe that exists in all of us or at least most of us. That's why as I write this I wish that someone somehow on the internet sees the name mojoit and goes "oh hey that's one of my friends' aliases. I'm going to contact 911 for him so that they can stop this." But that feeling deep deep down is not nearly enough to save me. Ive called out to my parents many times and they ignored it or did not take it serious enough. Maybe they just didn't know what I meant. I hate my dad the most. I wish he saw this so that he knew. We are too different. He wants me to be this lawyer savant but I will never be. He sees me as so inferior to everyone and he embarrasses me. Just the other day we were at a family dinner and he made fun of me for dropping soccer and dance due to my anxiety around it. My mom forces me to do dance in school so that I wont get fat but I hate it. I have a performance tomorrow and because I pretended to be sick I don't know the dances. This is pushing me more and more to dying tonight. I know my dad will comment on how bad I did and my mom will be disappointed. I have friends in Calgary that I met online that in just want to go meet cause they have been so important to me so that way if I kill myself I would have met them in person. (im in Vancouver BC) I don't know why I wrote this. Maybe because of that feeling I talked about earlier. Who knows. All I know is that maybe tonight is the night. There's bleach upstairs and tons of meds I could take. I dont want to make a mess and go the gory knife rought. Too much for my parents to clean up. I'm trapped reddit. I just want to never have existed. Now I'm stuck with having to work up the courage to commit. I just wish my parents understood. I'm trapped. 
