I think I'm almost to the edgeSo this week started pretty good but then in Thursday some shit happened where I fucked up a few times at work and let my anxiety get the best of me with the first girl I've really had a decent convo with in 4 months then Friday was shitty being stuck at home alone then today started off pretty good buying my dream gun and went to a birthday party for the son of this girl I've had a huge crush on for the last decade and a half. 

So this girl I've had a crush on (let's call her Bev) had just recently gotten into a huge fight with her 50yo bf (she's 22) where she came over to be comforted by me (she knows how I feel about her)  and her bf (Chris his real name cuz fuck that prick) showed up with Bevs mom to get his $6000 ring back (he gave it to her 4 days after they were a thing)  but after she still went to his place and made up with him. 

So now today after that whole fight thing about a week ago I thought Bevs parents (Chris' best friends)  and Chris didn't want her being around me but she still pretty much begged me to come for the birthday. So I head over and it's just Bevs parents car, her sisters car and her car in the drive for a birthday for a 2 yo. So I walk in and it's Bev, her son, her sisters kids, sisters husband, sister, her parents and her grandma there. So other then Bev I was the youngest adult there by at least 8 years. 

The kids go for a swim and the adults are just talking. Chris doesn't even acknowledge my existence except for grabbing Bevs ass with a shit eating grin on his face looking dead at me for about 5 minutes. So after about a very uncomfortable awkward hour there I get a text from my parents (they were invited before the fight but didn't know if they still were)  that they weren't going to make it cuz they had a flat tire so I used that as an excuse to leave, now I just want to use the new gun to blow my brains out thru the top of my head. It's a .45 so I'm pretty confident it would be pretty quick. 


So should I just do it and end this pathetic excuse for a life or just keep torturing myself living. 

Ps. Fuck 2020