Ugly, transgender, introvert, no skills. I've got no future, and every day is painful.I live in a day by day hell. My body is wrong. Every time I see my reflection, it hurts.

No one has ever thought of me as a girl. No one has ever called me a girl. Sometimes even I don't even think of myself as a girl. Just a stupid boy with body issues.

Some transgender people start very young, and maybe if I had, I would have worked out okay. Average. I'd still be worthless, really. But I missed the deadline, and now I'm a freak. I don't know why I'm still alive. I don't know why I was alive in the first place.

People who know I'm transgender call me crazy. I wish I was crazy.

I wish I was crazy enough to hallucinate something better. I wish I could spend my every moment dreaming.

I wish I was someone - anyone - else. But I'm this. This... thing. This broken, delusional, pitiful wreck. Empty. Lonely. The only reason I haven't killed myself already is that there are about three people in the world who would feel horrible about it. Those who care for me. They're shackling me to this suffering existence.

I've never been brave enough to leave my house. I've never been strong enough to stand when I know I will fall. So I spend my days sleeping, dreaming I'm somewhere else, someone else. Then I wake up, and I want to die again.

It doesn't go away. It doesn't get better. I am, and always will be, a mockery of myself. The me that could have been, but wasn't.

Because I wasn't strong enough to speak up as a child. Because I'm not strong enough to persevere despite this freak that I am.

The only thing keeping me alive is the fact that my death would bring more pain into the world. So I'll waste away, if I'm strong enough, selfless enough.

But I don't think I am. And every day it gets harder to pretend.

I have no other choices. Die quickly and cause pain for others, or waste away in this torment.

Just intelligent enough to know what I'm not. Just young enough to know how old I am. Just strong enough to pretend it's okay, for a moment here and there, before it all crumbles again. Just attractive enough to be an attractive man, but not an attractive woman. Just, just, just... just let it stop. Please. Kill me, someone. Let me die.

I wish I had never been born. Then no one would have to suffer or be uncomfortable because of me and my wrongness. Even I would be relatively happier in non-existence. There has been more pain in my life than anything else, suffering enough to poison everything in and around me. Better not to be anything, than to be this.

I can't do it anymore. I can't do it. I can't.