My life seems so desirable, even with everything why can't I be happy?First off, - I am not about to commit suicide tonight or soon but everyday I wake up and have the thought in my mind so I just want to talk to somebody, so if there is someone more imminent to look after on the sub please respond to them first.

From an objective standpoint I have a perfect life and should be happy and carefree; I have no family issues, in fact my family loves me dearly and would do anything for me at a moments notice. I have lots of friends who love to hang out and laugh with me, even when I don't talk to them for a while they reach out to me every time. I have a beautiful girlfriend who always wants to make me happy and see me smile. I am not ugly by any means and can make friends incredibly easily. My family is wealthy and I will never be financially burdened or in debt because of it, I have just completed university without a cent of debt in my name thanks to them. 

Yet I just.. I just can't seem to be happy anymore with anything, I just don't desire anything at all. Everyday I wake up and I just want to find things to pass the time, I don't want to be anything or anyone. I don't want a family and I don't want to be famous or popular or successful, I just want to be alone. There is absolutely nothing that I desire or want to work towards and because of this I have started to believe that one day I will kill myself. What is the point of anything if you don't want it or can't be happy doing it? Why should I drag on everyday, go to something I don't want to go too and keep pretending like I actually want to live this life. It's just getting harder and harder to be normal with every day that passes.

I can't remember when I started having these thoughts but recently they have just been getting stronger and stronger until finally I had to talk to somebody about it. If I told anybody in my real life that these thoughts were happening I don't think they would believe me or they would overreact but either way they would ever look at me the same.

A lot of the posts I see in this sub I can see a solution too, like people are recently unemployed and broke, been dumped or being bullied which sounds horrible but I can see that time would be able to heal those wounds, yet for me, I already have everything a person could want and I still have to fake being happy, so I can see no solution. My Mum and Grandma both suffer from strong bouts of depression with my Grandma attempting suicide before, so I guess its genetic, and if it's genetic, surely this will never end and there is no hope. The only reason why I haven't done it yet is because I am certain my mother would follow in my footsteps and my whole family would be destroyed, but lately, it's getting harder to fight the thoughts.

Thanks for reading.