just. can't do it anymore.i feel guilty about it but god i just. i can;t deal with everything anymore and i dont want anyone to find my body but i cant i cant anymore i cant im tired of remembmering what he did to me and feeling his hands on me every single fucking night and feeling his mouth on my neck and his words in my ear

he was my dad  my biological dad and he did that shit to me and i dont know why him being my bio dad makes no one believe me he was the disgusting one hes the liar it was NINE FUCKING YEARS it could have been longer thats all i remember god please help me i know god isnt real but if he is why me why what did i do to deserve this i thought i was good enough i tried so hard to be good i didnt want to be bad i didnt mean to help me please i cant i didnt want it he said i did  but i diddnt i was so little i didnt understand i tried to run away but he wouldnt let me and i couldnt fight because that made it worse so i had to pretend that it was fine i hated pretending it was okay and evn before i knew what was really wrong i still felt uncomfortable i didnt want to be around him i flinched away from him i felt disgusting and guilty

 i made my fucking dolls get raped and mom i tried to kiss you like he kissed me and you were scared but you didnt do anything. you should have left him you know what kind of person he is you called the police on him but he ran and they didnt do anything because the police dont fukcing care fuck the police why didnt they belieev me why did i need proof i told you he was smart enough to not leave evidence and the only proof i had were the memories and his ghost that was attatched to me it is still attached to me i cant stop crying get off me get off stop touching me i didnt want it please god please why didnt you help me i still dont know what i did wrong

why did you do that to  me whhy was i more appealing that your fucking wife why did you  kiss me like you kissed her touch me like you touched her made comments about me to  me like you did her but more disgusting because i was a child you sick fuck i hate you i hate you i wish you were dead but everytime i think that when im not crying and breaking down i feel guilty and scared and they screamed at me for wanting you to suffer any consequences at all and when they asked me if i wanted you in jail i said no i just didnt want you anywhere near me anymore

you looked at me with hate in your eyes then like ive never seen before because usually it was love, the wrong kind of love, and i still cry whenever i see a dad just being nice to his kids because i wish you had been like that i wish you had loved me the way you were supposed to

the longest you ever stopped was two months. over nine years. that made me cry for an hour when i realized. when it happened i couldnt process it, i didnt cry, and i thought it was fine and id finalyl gotten used to my purpose. you realize that? i thought ( i stll do im still so fucked up why did you make me this way) that my whole purpose was for you to use me to destress. that as long as i was there you wouldnt hurt anyone else

i still cant listen to certain sounds dogs make without flinching and wanting to cry because i remember you beating him when he didnt deserve it and you hit so hard and he was crying and screaming and i thought you might kill him and i screamed at you to stop and the only thing you screamed back was for me to shut up or youd beat me worse. i feel like im the only one who remembers that. no one else dares seek consequences for you in case they're the ones crying and screaming and begging to cling to life.

i remember when you hit me recently and mom knew. she knew immediately and she fucking saw it and it wasnt as hard as youve hit me before, ive definitely had wrose, i think it was just the feelingbehind it that hurt. she saw and she started to ask if i was okay, but then switched to did he hit you? and i saw the fear in her eyes that demanded the answer no. and so i said no. but he did. he did all the things i said and you know it, you said when the police put us in that room so that you could ask me why i said it all that if it was anyone else you would believe me, but because it was him, you couldnt. i wish he didnt touch me like you.

i remember the beating too because it was more about the humiliation than the pain, because that was your whole thing. you wanted us to feel shame and guilt so that we (i) would think it was our (my) fault. and it was different with me, you made me take my clothes off to whip me with that belt. fuck you for whipping a child whose only response to that was to cry and beg for you to stop. i hid and tried to make it hurt less and you fucking laughed. you were sick. you are sick.

if i succeed this time and i hope to god i fucking do, if that shit is real then let this be the one thing i get after five attempts, i hope you finally feel some fucking guilt for what you did to me. i think about it every day, do you? probably not. you dont give a shit about what you did to me. what makes me sick is that ive grown close to too old for you now. you're disgusting and i hope you rot in hell