I don't even know anymore.. (From September 2014, til now.., it's quite long...)I honestly didn't expect myself to post something here, but I guess I just can't take it anymore. I want to give up. I just want to end it all, but every time I come close to it, I can't. I'm such a wimp. I can't end my own fucking miserable life. I hate it so much. I know people have it a whole lot worse, but this one moment is just killing me. I want to kill myself...

I just don't even know what to do with myself anymore.. I guess I should mention what's been happening first, then the ending of it all, and what has happened in the past.. I guess this'll be my life story.. At least a part of which should be out.. Idk..

Okay.. So.. It all started going downhill in March. March 3rd, 2015 to be exact.. That very night, there was an eviction notice left on the front door. No one knocked, nor notified us of this. My mom was going to take the trash out, and when she opened the door, she saw a letter. It was an eviction notice. We had less than 24 hours to move, until they would take **us** (Mom, Stepdad, Four Dogs, and I) onto the streets. The reason why it all led to that, was because the homeowner wanted to raise the rent to $1350, and my mom couldn't afford that. Heck, she was being choked by the regular monthly, $1200. So that happened.. I don't want to go into detail about it all, but lets just leave it that we went to my grandmother's house (Mom's side), and she kicked us out on the second week, because her current "boyfriend" wanted to charge us of being there, $600, charging my mother, stepfather, and my dogs... Sigh.. Even my dogs.. Anyways, to keep it short, my grandmother hates my mom now, she doesn't want me around either, lost contact from there, grandmother almost got arrested because she attacked my mom. We had trouble finding a place to be at during all that. Thankfully my bestfriend's parents let me stay with them for the time being, but other than that, my stepdad and all dogs had to sleep on the streets, and my mom was sleeping at my Aunt's house on a couch because they were moving. That all last for a month, and it almost went over a month. My mom found a place to live at afterwards, I was so happy, but we couldn't move any of our furniture til the following two weeks, meaning we all had to sleep on the floor. Before I forget, dogs aren't allowed here. So we snucked in two of our smaller dogs. One of our dogs ending up being killed by another dog.... and my biggest dog is living at my Aunt's house, completely isolated, she's an hour drive away, and we can't afford to go there and bring her food all the time. (She's a hostile type of dog, she was trained like that). So because of all that, she's really skinny. Anyways, due to all of this, I ended up missing school.. Only was able to show up to school once during all that time. Reason I couldn't go, it was a 30 minute drive without traffic, 45 minutes with traffic, my parents have work (one of the reasons we couldn't find a place faster, no $$$). So obviously my grades had to hit the ground. Thankfully the third grading period most were C's, (had A's and B's prior to this). So the next grading period I was able to go, after about, missing the first three weeks or so, but couldn't manage to raise my grades so much. So this is when things get worse for me.. At the beginning of May. May 8th, 2015 to be exact. The one person I always had around with me, the reason I was still able to go through with all this okay, was because of my girlfriend, but.. She broke up with me on that day.. She told me her reason was because she wasn't happy anymore, and she didn't see a point in fixing it, but I want to fix it.. (I'll leave this aside for later). Anyways, I was struggling with school all by myself after this. So much stress.. So lonely.. I'm kinda antisocial.. I mean, if you consider a guy who doesn't talk to others, and is afraid of socially interacting and very nervous. Also shy, so that makes things better.. 2nd to last week of school.. Majority of my grades were D's and F's.. I somehow managed to pull some up to B's, and one to an A. I was still failing my Algebra 2 Honors (F), AP Human Geography (F), and my Chemistry Honors (F). Managed to pull Chem, and Algebra to C's, but my AP class to a D. The state tests I took, I hope I did well on them, but I have my doubts that I failed.. I sincerely want to dropout, even though I ended up acing this school year through pity and luck.. Sigh.. IRL, I have no friends, besides one, but now he's more of an online friend since he lives quite far (we met in middle school, I'm in high school now, going on to 11th, I'm 16, I guess I should've mentioned that earlier). I'm always on my computer, a loner, worthless.. Mainly only plays League of Legends, because that's the only thing I find entertaining now, I watch anime too.... Sorry for going a bit off topic, I assumed you should know a bit more about me there... My stepdad is an alcoholic, and my mom always takes out her anger on me.... So now, it's been over a month since my girlfriend broke up me. Thing is, I want her back.. She was the main reason I was able to go through all of that, perfectly, or well, almost sane.. It was an online relationship, her name's Josie, mine's Max. She lives in New Jersey, and I live in Florida. Same timezones, so that was awesome. So I'll say now what I think was her actual reason for breaking up with me, I don't know if its true or not. Okay, well to start things off, we started dating in September 16, 2014. First three months were okay, I found her really clingy at first though. I remember breaking up with her by the beginning of October, because I didn't really feel the same way as her. I tried to give her a chance, since she was dumped like a few weeks before we started dating. I left it for a while that we can stay friends, and we still talked, and was okay with everything, but then she kinda tried to bring up that we should get back together. So I was like, alright, because I felt some sort of attachment from there. I'm not quite sure how to explain it, but she made me feel really happy suddenly, and made me feel different than before. Up to around November-December, she came out to me that she wanted to be a guy, but she was unsure, and that just threw me off. Like, this was all new for me, and I wasn't really familiar that much with the LGBTQ+ Community. So you know, I wasn't really okay with it, and so I tried to explain it to her (not rudely), that I would prefer that she was a female, because that sorta weirds me out and makes me uncomfortable, and then I started thinking about sex changes, and just, I wasn't really for it. Looking back at that, I was such an idiot for saying that crap. I told her that I'll try to understand, and love her for who she is, but if I can't, then I'll have to break up with her. Anyways, til around mid-April, I finally was okay with it. Like, I felt okay, in a sense, that I truly love her for who she is, and will stick by her side no matter what gender she actually is. So I was planning to tell her this by our 8th month anniversary, which obviously didn't happen, because she broke up with me a week before it.. and I feel like that's all kinda where I fucked up. I don't know.. That's what I think her "I'm not happy anymore" meant.. and I want to be given a chance, but she won't give it to me.. Ever since that day, she blocked off communication from me, removed me from anywhere I could potentially contact her. So I'm now left in the unknown. She hasn't shown any sort of online activity, anywhere, so I'm kinda worried about her.. and it probably wasn't easy for her to date me, since I'm a really depressing person who's always thinking about suicide from time to time. To mention this now, I did tell her I was going to commit suicide because I lost everything at that point. My home, grades, dog, and now her, but that just made her want to talk to me less, and show some sort of hatred towards me, and I'm just so sorry. I want her back, I can't go on like this. Every day I get closer and closer. Today I actually went to the kitchen, stared at these knives for a few minutes, and I don't know. Oh, and by going through all this, I ended up making it to where I'm deaf(?) in my right ear now. I have to go to the hospital by next week, but lets say I did something stupid and put a chemical substance in my ear.... So yeah, I've been going to points where I just break down and cry because of all this, and I just want her back. I feel some points where I start questioning my life, and sometimes I don't even find enjoyment to playing my favorite game, or watching my favorite tv show, or anime. I truly want her back, and I want to be a better boyfriend to them.. (She's genderfluid, so she prefers they/them). I want them back so badly.. and I just feel without them, I can't even go on anymore. I'm sorry Josie, I'm so sorry Ash.. (that's the name she chose if she were to transition to a male). I need them back in my life, I need to talk to them... Without them, I feel like nothing, and completely useless, and all I want is to make them happy. I want to be their for them.. I never want to leave their side... I really hope she gives me another chance soon, that she talks to me, because I feel like ending it all right darn now...... I feel like no one cares about me anymore. Everyone probably hates me. I'm better off dead either ways.. I wouldn't be taking up space, or food, from people that need it the most.. I would be someone less to worry about. All I want to say now, is thank you. For just being alive and experiencing amazing wonders in this life. For letting me meet someone as beautiful and great as Josie/Ash.. Anyways, I'll see if this is the end soon enough. I plan on leaving my best friend all my usernames, emails, and passwords. I also plan to give him all my computer equipment, but that's about it. I guess this is the end of the road for me. I love you Josie... I'm sorry I had to go out this way.. I'm just a failure, who does't deserve to live anymore. Goodbye to you, and everyone else in this cruel, but wonderful world..     ~Arcy.. January 5, 1999 - Unknown(?)