Just wanted to let it outEvery day I wake up with disgust, I have not opened my eyes and I can already feel the pressure of the day, I wonder why I got up, why I have to continue in this. When I see myself in the mirror I feel very disgusted, physically I feel like vomiting and I feel sorry for having to go out into the world like that.
I wish I had the necessary character to hang myself from somewhere, to cut my veins or load my stomach with pills, a long time ago I lost my humanity, I am nothing more than a bag of garbage that does nothing but steal air. I know that I am a sham, that I will never be enough, by pure luck I have arrived where I am but that is worth nothing. I have done so much damage that my time on this planet is no longer justifiable, every second that passes I am disrespecting all the people I have hurt for the simple fact of being alive, the truth hurts me to know that it is an indisputable truth, I'm shit, I can't even call myself a person, much less an animal. I am a mistake, a mistake that lasted 21 years longer than it should have.

I wish things had been different, I wish I had someone to trust, someone to show me a better path, but the path I took is stained by my mistakes. I never considered myself a person of bad intentions, but we do not live in a world of intentions, we are what we do and what I have done is screw it up again and again. At the end of the day I am just another employee, a drug user, if today I become a brave person and I end my life, in less than a year my memory will be almost Extinct. Only my dad is going to look back, maybe with regret, but it's not his fault, it's my fault, for being a crooked bastard all my life.

At the end of the day we are not here for any specific reason, the world keeps spinning and my problems are simply the lack of emotional maturity of a stupid, bad and traumatized person.

It hurts me to know the damage that I have done, it hurts me to know that I could have avoided it, it hurts to know that I am not enough in my work or in my relationships, to know that I am stupid, selfish, narcissistic, piece of shit.

Sometimes I look at myself from the outside and I wish I could cut my neck, I fantasize about all the ways that I would apply violence to me, that I would make that damn dog pay for everything he has done and then I remember that that damn dog is me. I wish someone would do a charity and put me to sleep.