I'm better off than mostI'm probably better off than most of the people who seek solace here.

I'm not suicidal, or at least not seriously.  I'm too much of a coward to do it, really, but I have hit an impasse in life, and I feel like I have to tell someone.

I'm not sure where to start, so I'm just going to spew what comes to mind.

I'm a fourth year college student, slated to graduate this December, yet I can no longer see any future with me in it. 

I grew up as the son of a career Army officer, who in turn was the son of a career Army officer, and so on ad infinitum.  My family never stayed in one place for more than three years until my dad retired from the service during my senior year of high school.  I never had any problems transplanting my life every few years until our final move.  I had spent my first two years of high school at a public school in southern Arizona and had made friends that I would categorize as "for life" for the first time.  It was supposed to be a four year tour, which is unusual for an officer, but my mom despised the desert and forced my dad to commute the time to three years.  He did, and we moved across the country to Georgia the summer before my junior year.  

This move crushed me.  I had a hard time fitting in, mostly because I didn't want to.  Early in the school year, my mom caught me sobbing in my room, and it broke her heart.  She's told me such several times since then, and every time it has cut me to the core.  I have always considered myself to be a strong person.  I had to be the man of the house several times for months on end when my father deployed to the Sinai, to Haiti, and to Afghanistan.  I looked out for my mother and brother to whom I am six years senior.  But my mom caught me crying.

I was always a straight-A student throughout my K-12 education.  The only "B" I got before college was during the second half of 8th-grade English.  I had all the advanced classes, multiple Varsity sports (including soccer in one of the most competitive counties in the country), and over 1500 (out of 1600) on the SAT.  I was a National Merit Scholar.  I was accepted to every college I applied to, and many I didn't.  I had an appointment to the Air Force Academy and an all-expenses-paid Air Force ROTC scholarship.  

When my father retired from the Army as a full-bird colonel after nearly 27 years of service, I had never seen him cry.  But at the retirement ceremony, he presented me with a knife that my grandfather had carried in Vietnam and he had carried in Afghanistan.  It was caked in red dirt and bound with patchwork leather.  When he began speaking of its significance to the crowd, he choked up, and I saw him breakdown for the first time in my life.  He was so proud that his son was going to continue the family tradition and become a military officer.  I didn't grasp the significance of the moment until years later.  But, I waited until he was out of town to send my declination to the Air Force Academy.  I wasn’t convinced I wanted to be in the military anymore, as I felt I’d already served for 18 years.  Instead, I compromised and pledged four years of my life for an AFROTC scholarship to an outstanding school.

My maternal grandfather enlisted in the Marine Corps days before the end of the Second World War.  He served for a short period and then got out.  He eventually ended up as an English professor at The Citadel in South Carolina where my mother was born and raised.  She spent her high school years on the campus of The Citadel in the officers' quarters where many of the faculty lived.  It was there that she met my father.  In fact, my grandfather had my father as a student in one of his English courses.  He loved to tell anyone that would listen that he gave my father a "D" as a gift because he was dating his daughter.  My grandfather later moved to a beach house on Sullivan's Island, just outside of Charleston.  I spent almost every summer of my childhood at that beach house, until my grandparents finally sold it three years ago.  My grandfather always tried to encourage me to write fiction for him, because he thought I had a gift for it.  But, no matter how he entreated me to do so, I never sent him a single short story.  He also vehemently lobbied me to consider a path other than the military.  I never understood why he did this, and I have yet to figure it out.  He died last October.  He was the first person I had ever lost, and it happened suddenly.  The last time I had seen him was perhaps that June or July, but I can't exactly recall.  My mom warned me of his sudden hospitalization, but stressed it didn't seem life-threatening.  I could have driven the six-hours it would have taken to go from my school to Charleston on any weekend that fall, but I didn't.  I couldn't justify missing a home football game.  But, my brother and I had tickets to fly in and see him one weekend in October.  My mom was already there, and phoned me the day before our flight.  She told me that he had passed that night.  She held his hand, and told him, "Hold on just a little longer, Dad, my boys are coming.”  At the funeral home, the director asked me if I’d like to view the body.  I was so guilt-ridden that I hadn’t sacrificed one measly weekend to see this man to whom I owed so much; I knew I couldn’t look upon his face.  I kept a blank face throughout the service and burial, but inside I was weeping in a cell.

I have not been a very good college student.  College is less about intelligence and more about work ethic, and I refused to put in the required effort to excel.  But, changing my major had nothing to do with my self-motivation or academic drive.  It was more correlated to my long-term happiness and life goals.  However, the Air Force does not look kindly upon major changes.  I earned my scholarship upon my own merits, not upon the major I had elected to pursue, of that I am absolutely certain.  But, the current budgetary crisis facing the government and thereby the Air Force has made everything about the money.  When I told my parents I was changing my major, they had the knee-jerk flip-out, but quickly accepted my decision.  I told my dad I would most likely lose my scholarship, and he told me something that brings me to my knees every time I think about it.  He said, “I didn’t want you to get a scholarship for the money.  I wanted you to get a scholarship so that you could have something to be proud of, something all your own.  If you hadn’t got one, we would have paid for it; we would have found a way.” 
 I effectively changed my major last year, but not “officially”.  I waited a semester to submit the required paperwork to the Air Force because the program I was interested in was in a transition stage and would be changing names.  I submitted the paperwork that next semester.  But, this past fall semester, I sat down for my semesterly counseling session with my military counselor and discovered that the paperwork, for whatever reason, had not gone through.  The Air Force was investigating me for disenrollment from the program.  I survived the investigation, but was told I must complete my original course of study by the original graduation date.  This is an impossible task, both technically (there simply is not enough time to knock out the required courses even if I wanted to) and by virtue of my non-interest in the field.
Since then, I have been a man on fire.  My mind has been tortured by the eventuality that I will not receive a commission to be an officer this winter.  I have become increasingly detached from my friends, my school work, and my interests.   I have been abusing alcohol and spend most of my day in a haze caused by over-the-counter sleep medication sedatives.  I absolutely cannot face my father and tell him I will never be an officer.  I want to tell the Air Force that I know this is all about the money.  Pursuant to disenrollment, I will be either enlisted for four years or ordered to repay the thousands of dollars I owe.  There is absolutely no dishonor in enlisting.  In fact, it’s one of the most honorable things I think a person can do.  But, I wasn’t meant for that.  I have trained and am equipped to be an officer.  It is a waste for me to be anything else.  I would pay them the money and serve in the military if they would allow me to commission, but I don’t think that will happen.  I cannot face my father and tell him I will not be an officer.  At this point, it is death before dishonor for me.  

This has been terribly disjointed and the end, which is the most important part, is very rushed.  But, I just need someone to hear me.  

Thanks to anyone who cares to read this mess.
