I think it's time. I don't know how it could get worse.Hello everyone.

I can't take it anymore. 

I've been a depressed gamer type most of my life. A few friends here and there - I was actually one of the few nerds that hung out with the cool kids at school. I wasn't even socially inept, but the constant stress of my wrecked home life and constant fights between my parents who hate each other were the only thing on my mind for a long time.

Years ago i suffered from Psychosis after stopping regular weed consumption. I went crazy, basically. After that my then girlfriend (of 4 years) wanted to help me. To be there for me. Even though I accomplished nothing at the time and just rotted away, even getting back into weed. 

I pushed her away. I ended it because I knew that I wasn't nearly good enough for her. She was stupid for clinging on to me. It felt so good to be with her, but I hated myself more and more for what little I could do for her and how I sometimes talked to her, full of self-hatred.

Now to the current situation: A few months ago I had another psychotic break. My girlfriend left me. I lost a nice job. After that I just went into a stupid deep hole and smoked (cigarettes and sometimes joints) a lot. One evening I smoke, go to bed, and suddenly get these weird shakes. I feel like I can't breathe.

Turns out I had a stroke. Two or three times since.

I'm now 23 years old, hat 2 psychotic breaks and 3 or 4 strokes. My heart also hurts constantly, I might have had a heart attack or have angina pectoris or something like that. Due to my psychological history the hospitals I went to wouldn't keep me for check ups. I only got appointments for doctors in 3-4 months. I feel how weak and stupid I'm getting though. Numbness and kind-of-paralysis in my left side. Trouble finding words, forming sentences. 

I went from being the handsome smart guy with all the opportunities in the world to basically being ready for retirement or a caring facility in the course of a few years. Weed and the lifestyle that came with it did most of it.

The best part? It's all my fault. There is no injustice going on here. Maybe it's karma actually working for once.

The thing that REALLY tears me up is how much I let my parents and friends down. My parents had hard lives and worked their asses of to give me every opportunity. Sadly they didn't know how to nourish a child emotionally (or had too many problems among themselves to notice my emotional needs when I was younger), but they fought for what they thought was the right thing to do. 

The people I can call my friends right now actually care about me. They want to help me. They look after me, write me. I just can't be helped. As much as I hate admitting it, seeing them go on with their lives and being happy gives me the reality check of how bad my situation actually is. When I'm not around anyone I distract myself so much on the internet that I actually forget about my problems. This behaviour is what has gotten me to where I am in the first place, but now it's too late to turn back.

Sadly I still don't know whether I will be able to go through with vanishing from this planet. My mind and life are so fucked that I know only hell can await me in our realms here, though. 

To my friends and family: I am sorry for letting you guys down. I love you.