So I'm finally getting help, I just wanted to talk. This is more of an update post than anything before I get started. 

So a while back I was feeling really suicidal, I won't lie I still get those thoughts but I'm starting to see myself get better. 

I was depressed after a few years of just hating myself, I wanted to end it all then suddenly I was kicked out of my mums house! From bad to worse, man I thought I was going to end it all one night, but on the night a user on this subreddit really helped me out, just spoke about anything, got my mind of things, thanks to that user I never ended my life that night. 

I went and told a mentor from my college what was going on, guess what? He helped me. I am currently being housed through a company, I will be living with a different family, I no longer need my mum, how great? 

I had been single for 2 years after a shit relationship leaving me thinking no one would ever like me, after a rough day in work and going home early after being sick a Co worker sent me a message asking how I was, we started speaking, guess who had a huge crush on me? Fuck yeah she did. 

I started my counselling today too, all that shit of it doesn't work? Fuck that, I had 2 hours and I feel a bit better knowing I can speak to someone about that, spend an hour or so just talking to him. 

This isn't me saying how my life has just turned around because I'm still struggling, this is a notice to say how once you have hit the bottom you can only go back up, okay I might of got lucky that my mentor knew this company, okay I might of got lucky that my coworker decided to message me, but I had no luck before, you see if you start looking at bad all the time then that's alls you will look at, no I'm not miraculously cured, I still think shit all the time but if I have slowly got better than I'm sure you can too, speak to people, don't do anything irrational, get help!! And remember there will be people who care, you might just have to look a bit more for them. 


This post might not fit in here but after this subreddit initially helped me I feel obliged to help others, I wouldn't want any of us to do anything stupid now, feel free to drop me a message, this is a throw away because I have friends who don't know any of my problems but know my account, pm me and if we get talking ill pm you on my main account which I use all the time and I will be more likely to respond there. 

Stay strong everyone, tomorrow is always another day. 