I'm suicidal even though in the back of my head I'm doing fine.I'm an 19M studying first-year computer science at a top 30 university at north-east of the UK. I've had 5 previous jobs and I have a technology internship in London this year as well as an on-goinprole with another top company. I have the opportunity to travel across Europe for free this summer due to a random draw. I have presented in front of thousands through debates and speeches. I've gotten a first (70% or above, highest grade in UK university) in every coursework so far.

I still feel lacking though. I feel like I haven't done  enough for whatever reason. I feel like I'm not smart enough. I don't know if my exams went well. I feel like my CV isn't good enough. I feel like I've stagnated since entering university.

I don't have many friends, and I'm frankly ugly (a three at best). Most people in my accommodation don't care about me. My love life is absolutely dead, which is entirely my fault due to anxiety and my ugly frogface. I don't go to societies out of fear of being ostracized again and due to a lack of money. I don't have a life outside improving my CV or numbing myself with Reddit, YouTube and porn.

I'm so damn lazy. I feel so pathetic. I can't seem to change. Why do the words that fall out of my mouth not make sense? Why do I have to be so ugly and short compared to those around me? Why does my CV feel like shit? Why can't I work harder? Why can't I be accepted? Why am I so poor? 

I went to a rich place recently, and the people there were fundamentally different from me in terms of cultural. Even at university, they are fundamentally different. They talk about going to Disneyland and Norway for their 16th birthday or about their new £5,000 watch. They act civil and kind at all times. They are organised and clean. They have parents who work international for reputable companies. They're posh and don't wear muddy trainers. They don't live in a council house. 

I'm just always going to be an outsider I guess. I'm too stupid to act civil and kind all the time. Eventually I'll say something rude by accident or mess up my words and slip away. I'm 18 and I still get anxiety. I thought I was suppose to be a man now. I thought I'd be sorted out by now.

TLDR I just want to die.