hate my life and trying to be strongSometimes I️ wonder why I️ was born… it was such a terrible mistake. I’ve never done anyone any good and no one has ever benefited from knowing me. my whole life I️ kinda hated my life. and the older I️ got the worse it got. Growing up I️ had a lot of friends but 99% of them were bad friends and I️ put up with a lot of shit until I️ got older. Even my own blood would make me feel like shit or make me feel like I️ wasn’t enough. I️ honestly don’t think I’ve ever felt important to anyone or even loved really. I️ recently met my girlfriend of 6 months and for the first time I️ felt… something? It was so hard to believe someone could like me. I️ was so used to being emotionless and feeling unwanted it caused me serious trust issues and terrible anxiety. But I️ still slowly started to feel loved and it was amazing! Like a drug. I️ was and still am madly in love and my whole life is about my gf. I️ know they say you gotta love yourself before you love someone else but I️ don’t know if I️ can ever love myself and I’m not sure if that meant I️ didn’t deserve to try love. Either way the only reason I’m still alive or even getting a second a second chance at life is because I️ took a chance and tried love. But recently I’ve been in a terrible dark place and feel like I’m not good for anything. I️ don’t seem to be able to make my GF as happy anymore and it seems to me like I️ make her life worse. And she will deny it all and say I’m great and all this nice stuff which I️ love and appreciate more than anything but its hard to believe. i have a decent amount of mental illness and it makes me hate myself because it ruins my life. Its another reason I️ don’t feel like I️ deserve life. My mental health effects my gf mental health and its not fair for her to feel this way. I️ really want to be her everything and I️ feel like I’m just her friend sometimes. A lot of how I️ feel is my fault and I️ know it but she still gets upset and blames herself which upsets her and breaks my heart because all I️ want is for her to be happy and love me but I’m failing at the one thing I️ wanted. Now I️ feel like i shoulda just ended it and my gf would have never met me and I️ would have never caused her any pain or sadness. I️ shoulda just ended it and done everyone a favor. And the crazy part is even tho I️ want to die so bad right now and free my gf from me I️ love her so much I️ want to try everything in my power to be someone she deserves but only if she wants it. there is nothing I️ wouldn’t do for her. I️ would do everything I️ can to be with her and maker her happy even if it kills me. I️ do not care about my happiness at all and id rather never be happy with her than happy any other way. All I️ know is I️ hope I️ can fix things fast because I️ feel like I’m losing the only thing I’ve ever wanted and its killing me inside. I️ love her so much and I’m going to being doing literally everything I️ can for her