For the first time, I feel like I have a valid reason to kill myself.If you want background, I've made several posts on this throwaway regarding my troubles, which I still haven't been able to cope with.

I haven't been to class in three weeks. Some days I have panic attacks at the thought, other days I wake up and am just too exhausted to get out of bed, regardless of how much sleep I've gotten. I've been trying to keep it from my parents (I don't live with them). Tonight I met my mom for dinner, and I guess I just couldn't take the lies any more so I told her. I couldn't stand to lie to my parents, my therapist, and myself any longer. She was very calm, which surprised me, and she assured me that we'd get it figured out. That made me feel better.

I just got a text message from my dad, though: "Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me. Don't expect there to be a third time."

That cut me like a knife. I've tried so hard to make my father proud, my whole life. And I've failed. I've withdrawn from college twice now. I just can't handle it, apparently. And if I can't go to college I'll be condemned to working no-skill minimum wage jobs for the rest of my life. It's not worth it. It's not fair. By all accounts, I've had plenty of chances in life, but despite being perfectly capable of seizing them I just... fail. I don't understand why I've become such a degenerate, but I feel so guilty about everything I don't see a way out.

If my parents cut me off from their support, I'm fucked. I seriously doubt I can hold a job in my current mental state, and without my medication I'll probably go through with it.

By far the worst part of this is, of course, that it's all my fault.

edit: It was all supposed to go so smoothly. Hold my grades at 3.8 and above in high school, get accepted into a good university, get a good scholarship, graduate, get a good job. I don't understand where it went wrong or why I fucked up. I'm not learning from my mistakes (obviously not going to class is a mistake, but I can't figure out why my feelings of shame and guilt over missed assignments prevent me from going), and even if I did I'm not getting another shot, so why does it matter?