I'm the MonsterSo this is the first time I've come to this subreddit. And this is the first time I've been able to talk about this subject openly. (This is not a throw away account)

Last year, December 31 I asked the love of my life to be my girlfriend. Let's call her... "K". K was awesome. She was exactly the kind of girl I have been looking for my whole life. She and I were inseparable. Her friends loved me, said I was the best boyfriend ever, her family... Didn't necessarily like me, but they were glad that I made their daughter happy. 

I had a lot of trouble getting over my ex at the time. But she helped me through it, and she had a lot of trouble with past abuse by loved ones and the death of her bestfriend. We were broken together and held each other close and listened to each other's problems.

One day, she stopped wanting to help me with my ex. It hurt K to much to know how I felt about her. And with that, I stopped bringing it up. It wasn't a huge deal anyway. (Or though I told myself.)

Soon, she became bothersome with her problems and suicidal thoughts. It seemed like every night, I had to stay up to talk her out of it.. It became physically tiring, but I loved her and didn't want to leave her abandoned. Soon it wore on me though. "Why can't I talk about my problems if she can talk about hers?!" I thought. Well soon that became a large issue.

I've always kept a large base of female friends, and she didn't necessarily like that, but it was how it was. Not meaning to I would make plans with other girls then she would feel left out. It wasn't a date or anything, I just hadn't hung out with them in a while. It became a problem. Every day she'd ask me "do you have feelings for them?" One of them in particular. This specific one I did have feelings for a long time ago, but knew nothing would work out, so I gave up on it. One day, we were fighting, I was upset, and I told her, "I have feelings for (insert girls name here)".

This was the day I wish I could take back. Out relationship crumbled understandably.. And she and I grew distant. Her parents refused to allow her to see me, saying she wasn't herself when she was with me and I was no good for her. But now, I am broken. I want nothing but to hold her in my arms again and I can't help but know it was all my fault.... She told me she didn't love me anymore this past week, and that we could no longer have any contact (texting or otherwise.) All I have thought about was her since I saw her with another guy. I have adopted her lust for self harm. The thing I tried to keep her mind off of, is now all I think about. I want to die so that she will believe me when I say I am sorry. Maybe if she finds out I ended my life over her, she will then know that she really meant the world to me. Maybe she will forgive me and I will finally be able to sleep, without feeling this pain.

I guess I posted this to say that I know I am a monster.. But maybe you guys can help me get through this. I don't want to move on. I want to wait for her to call me crying and say she can't stand it anymore and she wants to give me a second chance.. But I fear that day will never come, and I will have missed out on my one and only.