I ruined my own life :')I'm in my early twenties and I'm already an abject failure! And there are so many fucking things piling up over my head (also, this got *so* long and who even cares?):

I still live at home (which I realize isn't *that* uncommon these days but I still feel so ashamed of it somehow), I've never had a job because I was too depressed and lazy in high school to do anything with myself (and my resume is shit and even food service jobs won't hire me, I've tried applying to volunteer somewhere and they've turned me down too--fucking pathetic), I'm in college, in a degree I'm even passionate about, but I can't make any friends at university and I can see all these opportunities passing me by: opportunities to meet people and try new things and make connections and have fun and enjoy my life. (I've had professors in smaller classes express concern about this, too. So...)

I don't go out, I don't do anything, I have no more hobbies, I have no fond memories of friendships or parties or literally anything, I don't have any interpersonal connections or support systems (I haven't had even one close friend in eight years now), the only people who care about me are my family and even they are growing sick of me because it's all I can do to drag myself out of bed in the morning. I have three dead plants in my room because I can't even do that right. I'm too ashamed to get rid of them. I can hardly stand eating because I don't do anything to warrant it (but somehow I'm still fucking overweight, go figure). I don't pay for anything, I'm just a parasite.

I can't manage the emotional symptoms of my ADHD. I can't manage my body dysmorphic disorder. I can't stop thinking about how I'm only getting older and uglier all the time, or how the more I cry and treat myself like shit the faster I'll age, and I can't even leave the house to do anything with my youth while I still have it because I'm already ugly enough that nobody would want to be near me, seen with me, associated with me. People in public stare at me like I'm some kind of fucked up animal. I'm scared something is visibly, noticeably wrong with me and I'm the only one incapable of seeing it.

I'm scared people who are kind to me only do so out of a sense of obligation or because they feel bad for me. I can't move past these fears. I feel literally subhuman when I leave the house.

Whenever I hurt myself I see what I've done after the fact and I hate it so much that I have to do it again to punish myself. I hate myself for hating myself. I don't have anyone. Nobody checks in. I'm regarded by most people I talk to as incompetent and annoying. I don't know how to find people who will tolerate me. I can't even make a phone call to get waitlisted for therapy.

My life so far has been ruined by my own failures and my own complete lack of initiative and I don't know how to drag myself out of it. It's not something that can really be fixed but as a result I don't know what to do now that I've screwed myself over. I feel cornered by it and I don't know how to get out. I'm so ashamed and I just want it to stop, I want to get out of this shit with some sense of dignity or control. And if anyone made any effort to save me I'd at least feel in the end like maybe my life was worth something.