Difficult thoughtsSo, I'm in one of my crisis and just came across here while trying to find something to get my mind off of everything. So I guess I'll just post away and hopes it helps a bit.  


So, I had a friend. She commited suicide in 2012, and I got to know only in 2013. I was in my last year of high school when I discovered, and I had a fight with her. Stupid reasons, really. Mostly not agreeing on stuff that really wasn't important. When I tried to talk to her again to apologize, or something, I got the news. It was heartbreaking, and I wish I could have done something, anything. I mean, we were both pretty alone at... life really. And just like that, a person that was one of my only friends was gone, just like that. Nothing I could feel other than the pain it left, that I could never talk to her again. That all I have now is fucking memories.  


So, you'd think, due to my experience, that I'd learn something. I don't know. But even all those years later I just did not forgive myself. I'm not particularly alone, and I KNOW there are people that care. That they are with me, and all that. Still, even when people say that I'm worth it or whatever, I can't seem to believe it. All that comes through my mind is how much I fucked everything up for basically nothing, and how nothing I could ever do would revert that. It's so stupid, but yet, every once in a while, it becomes so heavy and I just don't know what to do. I think that I'm not worth it. That it'd be better if everything came to a stop. But yet, I do believe in the words of the few people that say they care, no matter how hollow they seem when I think about it. Basically, yeah, I don't know. Honestly, I just feel like utter shit, and usually I tank this shit alone, as I've always did. And I see where it takes me. I just wait and see, like the stupid coward I am.  


Anyway, I'm sorry about this. I'm not sure it all made sense, but this is how I'm feeling. this is how I usually feel when late night comes around and I can't just so something to make it go away. Anyway, I'm sorry if this bothered anyone. I just needed to let this out in a different place, in a place where I don't have the certainty people will just say that I should "let it go" already. 