What does it all meanYes, what is it? It.. It seems like a huge mystery. The more one strives to solve it, the more it tangles, until it finally becomes insoluble.

I know you are in pain right now, but if I had the magical power to rid you of your pain, how long would your happiness last? How long would mine last? It seems there is no peace as long as we live in this cursed world

One moment crying and the next laughing. One moment laughing and the next crying. Man is a pendulum that oscillates between happiness and sadness, said a poet once. But what if schopenhauer is right? What if man is like a pendulum that swing backwards and forwards between pain and boredom. That is surely worse

But what is worse? Or good or bad. These are all relative, aren't they? If they are all relative, then maybe what I feel could become better. If only I could change my mind... How to be a stoic in 10 steps.

Oh aristippus, how could anyone in one's right mind not laugh at your words overshadowed by epicurus. I agree with nietzsche. As he says in the gay science, only someone who's suffered a lot in life can be like epicurus. He must have suffered a lot to reach his satisfactionist solution.

To be or not to be, that is the question. I love you hamlet, at least you are much smarter than most comfortable people of this modern age. I sometimes cannot help thinking maybe evolution is operating backwards nowadays. Seriously, how many people realise this question? To be good, to be evil, I can tolerate them. But stupidity... No.

But maybe it is the best not to realise at all. Theognis of megara... The best of all things is something entirely outside your grasp: not to be born, not to be, to be nothing. But the second best thing for you is to die soon.

I sometimes feel like I am actually ill. A feverish illness. And after a while my mother will come and jolt me out of my dream. No, that is too good to be true.

Is it wrong to find comfort in dystopias? When obrien says reality is in human mind winston, many shiver but this makes me hope. If it is in human mind, maybe... Maybe we could change everything with only effort of will. George berkeley, who would have thought your absurdity would give hope.