I'm 18(m) and its getting harder to find reasons to live everyday.I am always lonely and all the voices in my head torment me. i was a very confident and outspoken guy till I was 15, until I was sexually abused, humiliated and tortured by my sister. I am now insecure, depressed and suicidal and suffer from panic attacks and severe trust issues. I am also losing touch with my feelings as I am starting to feel less and less bad about my family members or close ones dying, even the ones I really liked. my grandfather died recently, and I couldn't even force a tear out of myself. I wake up panicking and shouting when I sleep. I tried to commit suicide a few times. my parents caught me once when I tried to jump from the balcony at 17 and took me to a psychiatrist but I couldn't open up about the issues since my parents were always with me and my sister is their favorite child and i don't know if it would do any harm more than good if they knew. its hard for me now to make friends with anyone or get into a relationship as I find it very hard to find people and always push them out as so it wouldn't hurt when they leave. but I got into a relationship with a girl, and slowly fell in love with her and trusted her. trusted her enough to tell her my secrets and trusted her when she said she wont leave me when I had a panic attack. but just when I was again spiraling down and getting more trapped in my head, she left me saying its hard for her to deal with me. i don't know if i can blame her tbh, but it really shattered every bit of hope I had. I am trying my best to move out of the house but covid really put a big hold on things. yesterday I swallowed a bunch of aspirin and paracetamol hoping to die but i barfed it after a few mins. All I really crave is some amount of affection but it is getting hard everyday and I don't know if I will ever feel not lonely. I always carry this pain and there is none beside me. I just want to not exist.

P.S- English is not my first language. so bear with me if there are any mistakes.