I need reassuranceSo, here's my story. 

I'm 16 and just got out of a relationship with my first love. Our relationship was a rather unhealthy one from the start and, looking back, was doomed to fail. It lasted almost ten months. The reason why it would never have worked anyway was that I needed her to be someone she wasn't. She was a kind of party girl that liked to drink and dance. I, myself, am fairly introverted and absolutely hate partying. At first I was willing to overlook her "flaws." That is until three months in she lied to me and went with a girl and two guys (my friends) to get super drunk at her dad's house. While she was drunk, she made out with one of my friends. She called me crying the next morning because they all got caught and she wouldn't be able to go on a trip with my family that we had planned. 

After much thought and heart ache, I decided to give her a, perhaps undeserved, second chance. As time went on our relationship never truly recovered. She said she was done drinking because it hurt me so bad, but the entire rest of the relationship I was holding my breath waiting for the next screw up. This distrust led to anxiety and stress for both of us. She started cutting herself and I was left emotionally destroyed. 7 months later, we had been getting into more and more arguments until, one time, I go to her house to talk about an argument, and she breaks up with me. She said that it was better for the both of us and we'd be happier apart. We were both so madly in love with each other. I said we could make it work, and that I could try harder to make it better, but she kept shaking her head and saying no. I tried to reason with her; nothing worked. It felt as though sand was slipping through my fingers and the thing I loved the most was leaving and there was nothing I could do about it. 

We're both emotional wrecks from the whole ordeal. When we talk, I say I'm fine. The truth is I'm dying on the inside. Everything I do is just a distraction from her. 

Now, tonight is prom night. I have no date, and neither does she. My friends are going with dates, and I'm left out. She's going to prom with her friends. I know she likes to party and dance. I know she'll be drinking again. I have this gut feeling that the person I love is doing the very thing I hate the most. The thought of her dancing up on another guy is destroying me from the inside. 

I don't want to be alive anymore. Someone help.