My problem literallt cannot be fixed. Long post..Hi, I've recently been browsing this sub reddit trying to give people some advice and help on their situation, yet whenever i do this and get off this sub reddit it makes me feel even shitter and worse about my "problem" i guess. 

On the 16th of July my girlfriend took her own life she was loved in so many ways but she had a terrible childhood which included physical abuse, alcoholic and drug obsessed parents as well as being abandoned and homeless for periods of times. This led her to believe that she was a burden to everyone and everything that was with her, that she would be better off dead because she was so clumsy and would critique herself over unimportant things. Thats why when i read these posts, im in no way taking away how bad your problems are but to me, they all seem "managable or changable" in a way. Especially the ones which say "theyll be better off with me dead," those are the worst for me. Because i can guarantee you that is not true. Yet the only way to fix my problem is to bring her back to life. 

Im so tired of waking up everyday knowing she died believing all the wrong things. Im so tired of having to wake up knowing shes dead. Knowing she fucking killed herself believing that she was doing me a favour by ridding her of herself. No one knew she had depression and the ones that did, didnt speak out. Im just so tired waking up everyday and trying to be strong, trying to get better when all i want is to be with her and i have all wills and intentions to take my own life in an act to prove that she was wrong, that she didnt need to die in vain. However also to end my misery and sadness which seems to grow stronger by the second. 

So for all of the suicidal people out there, i guess all i can say is please please speak out to someone, give someone a chance to help you, give the people you love the chance they deserve to give you a hand. 

You may not think it but your predetermined idea of how you are, how youre a burden, how useless and trapped you are. I may be completely wrong, but just tell them how youre feeling, because at the end of the day if they still dont help, if they still dont change your mind or help you or anything helps you, you can still commit to suicide. Just explore all your options first. There are plenty. 

As for me, there is nothing that "fix" my problem.

If you have any questions on what it is like on your loved ones if you kill yourself, go ahead and ask. Ill do anything to try save a life