Game overI am a fifteen years old girl and I live together with my parents. My older sister has just moved out one year ago. I live in a big house and at first sight nothing seems wrong.
That is just one big lie! My friends don't really notice, but I have been suffering from depression for like four years now. My psychologist said when I really knew I was depressed (one year ago) the depression had already been started earlier.
In primary school I have been bullied since the 3th grade. I am quite shy, so I could not say anything about it. In the 7th and 8th grade things became worse. I really felt like I didn't fit in this world at all. My bullies waited for me after school and they started to beat me. My parents didn't notice the scars and wounds or they just didn't care. I still don't know. I just do not dare to ask them.
I was glad I could go to a new school in 2010. I thought things would change and I tried to make a new start. I succeeded at first, but no longer as two months. My new classmates noticed I was insecure and they bullied me again. There was only one difference: I had a friend who I could talk to. However, because life is harsh I had to lose that friend as well. I found out that she had been talking behind my back about things I told her in secret. She also made up some things I have never said. These things made me decide that I didn't need friends. Now I think it was a bad decision, but okay. I started to hate myself and the world. I have had some thoughts about suicide, but mostly just about dead, by this time.
Last year things didn't change that much. I only visited my GP and he said I had to talk to a psychologist. Well okay, I was there, just 13 yo, sitting in the waiting room between people who were like 40 or even older. The first few times I was really nervous, but that feeling disappeared after a while. Only three conversations were needed before my psychologist knew I was suffering from a depression.
Now we are here. Things didn't improve, but got even worse. I am thinking about commiting suicide and ways to commit suicide almost every moment. It looks like an addiction or something! I just cannot decide whether I should end my life or not. I don't think it's worth living, but I am afraid to leave my family and other dear ones.
I don't know anymore, but I think the game is over.