Does this sound like SI/PSI?Hello reddit!

First of all I am 19 years old male with no history of mental illnesses, no abuse, and a normal happy life, with happy family. I don't do drugs, but I smoke and drink, or used to drink a lot of coffee, before this happened.

My Mental HELL began 2 months ago. I feel like something in my mind broke... And do you know the reason? I heard of someone who died by suicide. Since then, my life changed completely.

I don't know why.

I don't know how.

I don't know what to do next.

I suddenly asked myself: "Why he did it, he had 6 kids, he had everything? What kind of force drive him to suicide? What stops me from doing it too?" and then I experienced something strange, something confusing.

Since then, I have nearly constant obsession with suicide...At the beginning I was sure that I don't want to do it. But now I doubt it constantly.

I have really hard time describing what is happening in my brain(nearly impossible), but i will try. Life feels meaningless without any apparent reason. I am constantly anxious, have less energy. I don't go outside as I used to. I am constantly in my home, searching google articles about mental issues and so on. I am constantly in my head.

My interest in people dissapeared. There are other weird feelings in my head:(As I said, I can't trully describe them.)

weird feeling: It feels like i imagine waking up everyday but it feels like i am waking every minute.

weird feeling: Feels like I won't be here soon.

weird feeling: When I try to do something I can't do for long time. Eventually there is a weird feeling associated with a throughts like the above that doesn't allow me to do it. It is strange, feels like anxiety a bit, but not exactly.

weird feeling: When I am relatively okay, there is a feeling like I am anxious, idk strange feeling in the stomach(not exactly anxiety.) Can't fully describe it.

weird feeling: Like i am dissociated with life(not like the derealization stuff) - again I am not sure what it is it feels strange.

weird feeling: Feeling like I don't want to get better.(This is the scariest one.)

weird feeling: Feeling like years have passed between my old life and now.

weird feeling: Feeling like there is no emotional content in my memories.

weird feeling: Confusion if I am suicidal or not.

weird feeling: Feeling like a wave between now and the future happens in my head and makes me feel tired and anxious.(This happens especially in the morning, when I stand up and stop being sleepy it dissapears.)

weird feeling: When I do something it randomly appears it is like a feeling of /suicidality/hopelessness/flying feeling/ (not sure can't describe it.) and when this happens there is a strike in my stomach.

weird feeling: There are pictures stuck in my head(2 or 3) mostly regarding to future. for example: me in the garden of my university walking - like i am looking at myself from a flying drone. they seem dark or super bright in my head.

weird feeling: Feeling that there is something wrong with my thinking pattern and my rational thinking.

weird feeling: Sudden feeling of being trapped(In life?). (It happens randomly.)

weird feeling: That I will suicide if I work, and since then I am not working.

weird feeling: Going out seems weird/scary/overwhelming/I don't know.

weird feeling: Something that happened a long time ago seems close, something that happened a short time ago feels far.

weird feeling: This is about babies. Somewhere I have read "I don't want kids on this terrible world." And now there is a weird feeling when I see a baby.

weird feeling: Everything seems darker.

*AND THE MOST IMPORTANT* :**WEIRD FEELING THAT IF I WORK/GO TO UNIVERSITY OR FEEL OVERWHELMED I WILL S....... FEELING THAT I AM ALREADY OVERWHELMED AND WILL S......**

And many intrusive suicidal thoughts about 16 to be exact, I picked a lot of them while researching and now they are stuck in my head. But I will not list them because they may trigger someone.

I visited 5 psychiatrists, yet, no clear diagnosis. One of them suggested Adjustment Disorder, but I don't think that this is the case, exept I moved to new city(1 year ago.)(because I study there.), and had a lot of stress during exams, nothing more.

Any suggestions what it might be? Do I sound suicidal?

Thanks in advance, have a good night.

