If my life doesn't change, it's not worth livingMy BF is 26yolder but despite of that ghosts me and ignores me for months and then acts like nothing happened. No, he is not married, he is investigative journalist and workoholic who has zero interest in sex.I know I should dump his ass but I stay with him only because he occasionally takes me on holidays. Feeling so stupid about it. He knows I don't have good self esteem and enjoys torturing me in many ways.

I am the kid who was bullied at school and at the same time abused by brother (he would put camera into bathroom when I was showering, touch me on private area when I walked by or coming into my room when I was sleeping and taking pics of my vagina and then laugh about it). Nobody knew. Nobody knows. Only you, strangers.

I am 24 and still stuck at home since I attend university. It's Faculty of Education which I picked because teaching really fulfills me and makes me feel good. But salaries are not good and I am scared I will always be dependent on someone. I would love to call myself a feminist, but can I when I am still dependent on someone? I am so sick of it. 

My religious narcissistic mother hates me for having sex before marriage and not going to church. She just prefers men, she doesn't like women. She gossips about other women all day long and believes all the conspiracies and hoaxes she reads on the Internet.

I am sick of studying hard to get a degree in order to get a job with low pay. I am going to have state exams in January and have little self-confidence about passing the exams although I am a good student. I have to spend months studying because I can't learn many pages in 1 day and it's a lot of pages I have to learn. I just wish to finally get a job and gain some freedom. I am stuck at home for months, leaving home very rarely, have zero social contacts, no sex, except 1 one night stand with a guy from Tinder. It's 2am and I can't sleep. Again. I constantly live in stress, sadness, loneliness and isolation. Nobody cares, guys want just sex.  I have some flaws, but I am good looking. Just lonely and feeling Nobody would ever understand or want me if they knew everything about me. Lol, nobody even cares about my personality, they just want sex. And although I tend to be very horny and want it too, I reject them since I despise them for just wanting to use me. I am so sad and bitter person inside. But from the way I present myself on social media, you could never tell something is wrong about me. 

I am a coward afraid of dying and possibly getting into another hell in afterlife. I can't even kill myself. Only alcohol helps sometimes.