I can't find any logical reason to liveWhy do people even live? I know there is things to do in world but why do we live? A family that loves you? or someone who loves you? I have some friends, I know my family and friends will feel bad after I am gone but I won't know anything about their feelings after I'm gone. If there is no one that loves you or you are not religious, logically you shouldn't live anymore.

 For example think about a person who is perfect looking, talented and genius. this genius lives a great life, goes to a great college, becomes billionaire, marries a great woman/man then what? We continue to live on just for this? If I think the best possible scenario for my life let's think about it: 

  I study computer science, my school  is currently one of the best universities in my country. This year was my 2nd year and it wasn't a good year but let's suppose next year I got great grades and be very successful and graduate with a good GPA, start my start-up and this start-up becomes a multi million dollar company then what? I marry a woman and have children then what? Even with the best scenario (Don't know best for whom. I think for the average) I can't think of a way to take pleasure from what I will do. Until recently I just thought that suicidal people are dumb but now I see why. This is a different kind of pain. I am trying to support my every friend on every subject but when I think about myself I couldn't think of a way to make myself feel good. I am not ugly either but I can't bring myself to speak to people too because there is no reason. A lot of people wanted to be my friend, a lot of girls tried to be my gf but I couldn't see a logical reason to be friends with them. Let's suppose I accepted one of the girls then what? I fuck her then what? is this all for fucking? I can't understand people trying so hard to fuck someone too. 

  From my perspective all of relationships are for our own interest even the relationship with your mother and father. Your parents wants you to be successful just for their interest. Let me explain this. Think humans as animals, an animal wants their child to be the best because by that way their genes will continue to spread. Same way your parents wants this just for themselves. Your friends? They are friends with you because you are entertaining them, supporting them or they are using you for their interest. Your gf? gf or bf doesn't matter they just want sex and emotional support(some attention maybe) so basically they are using you, all of them in different ways. And people spend too much money for entertainment. youtube, netflix, spotify, sports, beverages, tv, any fucking thing is for entertaining ourselves because there is no reason to live we just want entertainment we are ready to do anything for entertainment (think about influencers, How come they are so popular even if they are just pile of trash?). I don't know but overdose or bullet in my brain seems just fine but I think I will go with pills.


So, aside from emotions and pleasure just give me one logical reason to keep living.