The first girl that’s been interested in me since my traumatic breakup with my ex 5 years ago no longer wants to associate with me. (A couple phone texts below)
I’m 26 and she’s 21.

She stayed over last night for only the second time and left a few hours ago. We had some short-lived sex because she began to cry during it (don’t laugh). Not like hysterically cry, just shed a single tear. So I stopped immediately out of concern and just began to hold her and tell her things would be fine. I had a feeling it was because of her ex of a recent relationship. We woke up spooning and I asked her how her night of sleep was. She said “good”. Then after a few minutes I jokingly asked “so are you gonna come back to watch more Stranger Things with me?”, she stared up at the ceiling and after a long pause she said “I don’t know”. I didn’t expect her at all to NOT say yes. That’s when I knew it was downhill from there.

I asked her a couple of times if I did something wrong and she kept assuring me that I didn’t.

Fast forward to her leaving and I’m walking her down the stairs and I said “I’m probably still going to text you” and she says “I’ll let you know what’s up”. Then I cringe.

She opens her car door, turns around and gives me a hug (not a kiss like after the first time she came over) and says “thanks for having me”

About an hour after she leaves I send her a text saying “I’m here to listen if you want someone to talk to”

Another hour after that she texts me back saying:
“I really jumped into stuff with you and whatever this stuff is, I’m not ready for it. Everything is still so raw after my relationship and i need time to just mend from that and i need that time to be alone. Today was the last time I’ll see you for at least a while and i would prefer if we didn’t talk everyday. I’m sorry for dragging you in when i wasn’t ready and I’m sorry it took me this long to realize that.”

I liked her text (we’re on iMessage) and I replied with the best text I could come up with:
“I understand. We probably have 2 different ideas of what ‘at least a while’ means but I promise I’ll respect your preferences and give you space. I do hope I’ll eventually get to see you again. After all, it’s pretty tough finding girls like you. So when you figure it out, you know how to reach me :]”

I’m not planning on bothering her at all until maybe September/after the summer. I just feel awful. I’ve been in a VERY deep and debilitating depression for like 5 or 6 years now and then I met her. She made me feel good for the first time in what feels like an eternity. I was even thinking this girl might be lifting me up out of this depression. Plus she’s a great, cute, nerdy girl and probably way too good for me. Then I get hit with this. 

Now I go from feeling the best I’ve felt in a long time to feeling the absolute worst I’ve felt in a long time. A total reversal of my recovery. I don’t want to be alive anymore. If I dropped dead right now I’d be at peace.

I wish I had a gun so I could off myself.


Please don’t just tell me that “I’ll find another” or “just keep trying” or “you gotta put yourself out there”. It’s been almost 6 years. SIX. At this frequency, I won’t have another chance until I’m in my 30s. But that’s only if the rest of my 20s are worth living.