Not suicidal, but scared. Can you give me some advice? xPosted here at the suggestion from AskReddit.I'm 28 now. When I was 17 I was diagnosed as being bipolar. Of course, I was smarter than the Doctor so I ignored that diagnosis completely and never went back. Since I was 15 I've kept my core self secret from everyone I've ever known. (I was married at the time, forged documents to get that done...)

My family has a history of schitzophrenia with no less than one person per generation being hospitalized at least as far back as my grandfather. The fear I've been dealing with for the past 10 or so years is that I'm NOT bi-polar but more in line with schitzophrenia. 

When I'm not self medicating (and I'm not now) I'm VERY paranoid. The further from 'treatment' the worse the symptoms get, but then I've never gone longer than 6 months without dosing since I was 24.... I'm certain that friends and family members are plotting against me and lose trust in EVERYONE. As in, no joke, even people that on some level I know are trying to help me just piss me off. (How fucking DARE they think THEY can help ME?!) The time I went 6 months without, I lost every friend I had in the city I live in, and I know it's coming again now...

I'm 4 days out from when I ended my self treatment. The local 'Mental Health' office won't even schedule an appointment until next week, I honestly don't think I'll be able to be honest with anyone by the time they get around to seeing me. 

What do I do? Go back to to my self treatment? I can manage like that and in fact it works pretty well when I can maintain my dose, but I haven't even eaten in 2 days (strike that, some raisins, 2 cans of diet soda and I've now got 4 beers and some popcorn) so buying anything else to help is also out of the question. (I have 81 cents on a debit card.)

Earlier today I was ready to beat a guy. A small amount of anger might have been justified, but I verbally tore him to shreds and was forcibly ejected under threat of law enforcement. I knew I should shutup, but I just fucking couldn't. My history tells me this will escalate over the next few days until I am unable to function in public. 

Reddit, I've created many accounts over the years but I've never asked you for anything. I really need your help before I hurt myself or, more likely, others. I don't know where to go, I don't know what to do. No insurance, no money... no hope?