Waiting for mom to die so I can shoot myself without anyone giving a fuck, just deciding if I want to go on a killing spree while I'm at itTried to change my life so many times but always end up back at my moms shitty apartment. Can't get a job that pays enough to move out. Can't get friends. Can't get a significant other I'm actually attracted to. Threw away my 20s using drugs to cope with my bipolar, trauma, loneliness, the loss of my dreams, and awful life.   

I have no family other than my Mom so she's the only reason I haven't shot myself yet.  

Been fantasizing about mass killings for years and I have a lot of people who did horrible things in my past that I want to get even with. If I can't get them then I'll get their families to send the message.    

But then part of me just wants to shoot myself and get it over with. The only thing that might stop me is the thought that maybe my Mom will be watching what I'm doing. Sometimes I just want to do a mass killing just to get even with the world, leaving behind lots of content for people to understand why I did it, and what led me to this point in my life.    

Since middle school I'd fantasize about bringing a machine gun to school and spraying the crowds from a rooftop to get even with all the people that rejected me and were mean to me. I still do, especially when I smoke weed. I had got sober in 2019 and turned my life around but noise in the apartment I'm stuck in, and months of little to no sleep, led me to relapse. Can't get help because no one takes it seriously so my life just stays in a endless downward spiral. Therefore I might as well commit the largest man shooting to date. Maybe then people will get it and start offering services to people like me.  

I have a lot of talents, skills, ideas, creative abilities, etc but none of it ever goes anywhere. I always end up alone in my room a loser at the end of the day with no life. No matter how many meetings, therapy groups, etc I go to. No matter how many stages I get on or videos I make, I'll never be able to live the life I wanted. My dreams were taken away from me when I had the chance to manifest them.      

I think I might just kill myself before she dies so she can save her money and be able to have some fun spending it on herself instead of wasting it taking care of me.