I pray to god that I die so this suffering ends.Tbh I don't know what the F is happening in my life.  From past about 2.5 Years I have been on a decline, declining grades declining fitness declining mental health.  From last 2 years sleep with the thought that things will get better but I now think  they won't. I have tried everything to be good but nothing works. Can't believe from getting 100% scores 2 years back today I  don't even know if I will pass or not. I don't think I can take it  anymore.  I have become a disgrace.  Disgrace to my parents.  Heck Disgrace to me. I always wanted to study computers and engineering but now I don't even know if I will be able to pass or not. Though I have a year till the final deciding exam but considering the fact that it has got worsened not better since past 2 years I don't know what will happen.  I have no friends left.  There are some days when I don't even speak to anyone cause there I literally no one to talk to.
I think I have literally hit rock bottom and maybe this is the end. Last year I met with an accident in the month of September. I was on my bike and  a car hit me. The car must be a at a speed lf about 60+km/h the impact was huge such that I fell and rolled several times on the road. I saw a car passing near my head and for some reason I wanted it to just pass through me and finish this. Since then the suffering has continued and I wish that car should have killed me so that I couldnt see this suffering. I got hurt but surprisingly seems like God wants me to suffer more. Seems as if he gets pleasure seeing me weep that's why he kept me alive. 

The idea of self hurt has been with me since this horrible time started about 2.5 Years ago in 2018 I just couldn't see my whole world destroying. I took a knife and scratched and stabbed my left arm in till the pain was unbearable. The marks of that are still there on my shoulder. Even today if someone asks why they are there I tell them I got into a fight..
I know I am living on false hope but I don't know till how long will I be able to live on this.

Would really like to hear from someone who has bouncebacked because that's the most I can do. Gives myself a false hope which I have been doing from past 2.5 years.