Constant failure, no hope, thinking of killing myself everydayI'm 25 this year and let me tell you I've been through hell. I don't even feel my age because of the events that happened... I have 2 untreatable sicknesses. One will cause my kidneys to fail the other one is slowly destroying my spine. I had one of my testicles removed recently because of the first sickness, overall I've been in and out hospitals for my whole life. I had a perfect family till the age of 14 and that's when everything started turning to shit... My dad became a psychotic alcoholic and my mother was so materialistic that instead of taking us out of there she stayed because she couldn't fathom living in a small flat without all the luxury she had. Because of my illness I have a scar on my belly and no belly button cause I've been cut open. That was the reason I got bullied my whole life in school and that lead to me inhabiting delusions of reference which I have to this day. I've been abused physically and mentally mostly by my father but my mother didn't cut me much slack. I've been through so much pain I feel old but that's not the problem. I survived all this and I thought this made me stronger, more experienced than others. Truth is I am a fucking wreck and I just started noticing that. Everything I touch turns to shit, I have accomplished nothing in my life and everytime I pick myself up and try to do something I get knocked down almost instantly by some random fucking events... I got fucked over by "friends" countless times, even my ex did after a 5 year relationship, she was the only person I truly loved because I feel no such thing towards my parents...  I've heard many different people telling me how I should approach life and I've tried being an optimist about all of it but it never worked... I could write a fucking book about all the tragedies that happened in my life and what I wrote is just a small fraction of it but that's not the point. I lost hope, I feel like a emotionless rock... Even if I wanted to straighten out my life it seems impossible. There's so much wrong with it, better yet there's so much wrong with my head... Almost everyday now I'm thinking of killing myself and the only thing that keeps me from doing it is fear. Fear of pain, fear of what's next etc but that's it. I've never felt so unimportant and broken...

edit: I also posted on /r/depression and /u/sassiecass made me open up a bit more so if you want some more insight here it is:
Well to be honest I love living as much as I hate it... It's weird to say but that's how I feel. I had some pretty great moments but they are diminished by the bad ones... Every time something good's going it's like fate is fucking me over... (funny thing is, when I was younger my mother tried everything to deal with my ilness so she took me to a fortuneteller and she said "you will suffer for the sins of your family" I was 13 then... I never even remembered that, it came to me when I was confessing about my life to another one of my "friends" about 2 years ago and she said I am the unluckiest guy she had met and that I should see a fortuneteller... That's when the memory hit me) I tried going to therapy but that was a long time ago, I had a chronic sleeping disorder. The remnants of it haunt me to this day. The only conclusion we came to was that I need to avoid stressful situations but damn how can you do that in todays rat race of a world... I never wanted to take any perscription drugs when I heard it can change my personality. I like myself despite all that happened but I feel like there's no place in this world for a guy like me. The biggest problem I guess is I can't find a reason to pull forward. When I was younger I dreamt of becoming a racing driver, a novelist or a musician but that never happened... I didn't have money to try racing or making music and I had no motivation to put anything on paper. I fucked up my school because of all the issues I had and even if it's not too late to make amends I feel like there's no point in even trying. It's the age of internet, there's tons of more talented people who didn't have issues and could polish their skills. What chances have I got? Or even if I do, I live in Poland and I'm 90% sure I wouldn't make a living out of any career I would choose. I've been working since I was 15, I did a lot of shit considering my age. I was waiting tables, worked at a bike rental, barista, assistant in an advertisement company, flight attendant and every single job I had made me even more miserable. Like I was really REALLY forcing myself to do this shit and I ended up quitting or something happened that I was fired... I can't imagine myself doing something that is uninteresting to me since I've wasted so much time on I don't know, keeping my shit together and not going crazy? On every corner there's dissapointement. Last year I ended up abusing every kind of drug and the only reason I stopped was that I couldn't handle it physically... I smoke a lot of pot cause it dulls my mind and stops the constant flow of thoughts that I have. It's never ending... As I'm getting older I see things from a different perspective. I can't understand how fucked up some things are and that it's just the way they are... Can't accept it I guess... Regarding helping others, I couldn't do that. I've watched too much suffering when I was a the hospital and it hurts me to see anybody or anything suffer... Also I couldn't do that due to practical reasons cause I have to sustain myself and I have no idea how will I do that considering everything I said earlier... I am a very empathetic and trusting person. I don't know if that's the way I was or if the events of my life made me so but this makes me prone to getting backstabbed by everyone around. All I ever wanted is to love someone and have loyal friends. I had my ambitions like I said but that was the influence of my parents wanting a "perfect child" or whatever. Big expectations and nothing in return... Music is my love and I listen to every kind depending on the mood I have. It helps but I listen to it less and less... I was the kind of person whou couldn't go a day without music, now? It kinda irritates me most of the time... Everything you said is very valuable and thank you for sharing it with me, I really appreciate it. However it's the same case as usual. I've heard so many people trying to advise me on how to cope with this and I tried and I try but it never fucking works. There's always something... Be optimistic they said, so I was. I have a very wild imagination so when something started to come together and I felt like it's only going to get better now BLAM nope, fuck you and I was back where I was. I thought I was doing better mentally wise at least but that was just an illusion I guess. I am a total wreck and sometimes it amazes me how wrong my thinking is/was and how twisted it is because of all that happened.