Perfect life on paper.(using a throw-away account).

I turned 40. My life is perfect, on paper.   
I am in perfect health and very fit.  
I have enough money, a large, amazing house in the mountains with a view, two dream cars and more.  
I live with a wonderful, pregnant, wife, and two incredibly loving girls.  
I have a super stable, incredibly high paying job that I love in the research industry.  
I am also a mountain athlete, running, skiing and biking. Even won a race.  
I am not into social media, but if I were, the pictures would probably be amazing. Perfect life.  
And all so... superficial, as well.  


A few years ago, my brain violently remembered I had been abused and neglected as a child. As I struggled to deal with this and sought some help, I learnt I was also most likely a high IQ, high-functioning autistic person. And that I had a severe case of PTSD, or rather C-PTSD. This means I have horrific flashbacks and autistic meltdown, and that they are not linked to a particular traumatising event, like you would find on most trauma victims, but to years of trauma inflicted on the developing brain of a child. But I am strong. I have read many books, made changes in my life (meditation, etc.), done therapy (EFT and EMDR were the most helpful. CBT, meh). Never took any medication (although it remains so tempting).  
I have defined a specific list of PTSD triggers, in writing. A list of "these situations hurt me". Also, I have prepared 4 short, specific procedures to be used when I am having an autistic meltdown or a related crisis, typically when I am overwhelmed by a situation linked with PTSD.  
This is mostly to help my wife take a pro-active role, for example reduce or prevent self harm, when this happens.

She is incredibly brave, fully supportive and patient beyond imagination. In the last few months, I have not slept more than two to three hours in a row. Every time I wake up in the middle of the night, sweating, screaming and simply in emotional distress or pain, she would stay awake too.

  
The horrible part of the story is that my wife is the one pressing on my PTSD triggers. All the time. Sometimes several times per day. It's basically like bringing a traumatised war veteran to a very loud fireworks. Every day.  
And when a trigger has been pressed, despite their frequency, she would fail to recognise the situation and fail to apply the things that could help me, in the procedures mentioned above. When she does, and manages to help, I have usually been in massive pain and suffering for a while, sometimes hours. 

As time is evolving, I become increasingly sensitive to these triggers and totally allergic to some situations where I clearly have knee-jerk reactions. Small, innocuous, mildly inappropriate reactions or words, that most may or may not notice, have become hell for me. Yet, she can't help it. I love my wife more than any person in the world. She has asperger, and as such is not great with social cues or human interactions. I do not blame her in any way. I am also obviously aware dealing with PTSD is my own responsibility. 

Yet, I have now lost most of my energy, sleep, pride, and identity. All weekends start with great projects and end up in misery. I continue with EMDR, meditation and all the stuff that help, but I am loosing ground and PTSD is taking a growing space in my days, and nights.  
I decided to stay alive as I refuse to make my children suffer and feel abandoned. But not dying out of loyalty is sometimes such a hard commitment to hold.  
Tonight is a difficult night. I work in a few hours only and have not slept, I am alone in the house, and very alone in my mind, so I thought I would just write here.

Thank you for reading.