The time I tried to OD on 2 xanax bars, codeine, and alcoholIt's been about a week since I did this. I took all these to kill myself but I'm not here to talk about my depression. 

Keep in mind that I have 0 tolerance to all of these and I only weigh 150 so it hit really hard.

I planned to die at a park away from my house so I drove over there around 3am, wrote my suicide note, and took it all. It took me about 10 minutes to finish everything. Drinking 100ML of pure promethazine codeine syrup doesn't really go down easy after drinking a whole bottle of wine. 

I was getting really scared because it suddenly hit me that I could possibly die alone in a park so I called my friend for comfort but I didn't want them to pick me up. 

At this point, I'm just laying down on a wall looking at the stars. I'm not sure how much time passed but my friends came to where I was because my girlfriend (we broke up 3 days prior but now we're back together) guessed where I was and she guessed right. 

I estimate at this point it's been about an hour since I took everything. I remember my two friends helping me walk to one of their truck because I could barely walk at this point and then blackness. The next thing I remember is very hazy, faint, cloudy, dreamlike memories of someone putting on an IV on me (i remember this because the nurse told me he likes my tattoos and I said thank you), a male nurse helping me stand to pee in a bottle (in my head i was wondering why are they making me pee in a bottle when the restroom is right there but I was still too fucked up to question it). I also remember having a conversation with the nurse sitter next to me but it all still felt like a dream. It was crazy waking up because I had no idea where or when I was and I was still dazed and confused but I slowly put the pieces together and realized I must've survived. For a while I thought I actually died and I'm in some sort of weird afterlife because I've never been in the inside of a hospital before.

Since I took the drugs around 3am on a sunday and I kinda remember waking up in the midnight of monday then I must of been out for a while. 

Now the story from my friend's perspective is even funnier. Apparently on the car ride to my house I was still barely talking to them. They said I asked for my blue puff bar and that I told them I was going to try make it to Diamond this season in League. They then picked up my girlfriend and apparently she asked me if I knew who she was and I said her name. They said I also tried to keep opening the door but luckily my friend's door handle broke on that side hours earlier before the incident which is really lucky. 

They took me to my house and told my dad I was drunk because I guess they didn't want to tell my dad I'm on drugs but my dad immediately knew I was on xans because of my bloodshoot red eyes. It took 4 people to carry my passed out body to the second floor which is funny because I'm only 150 lbs. And the best thing is that the security camera at my house took a video of it. Keep in mind this all happened at 5am. 

2 hours later I was taken to the hospital. Apparently my blood pressure was really low they said it was at 40 but idk what that means and I had to be given narcan. The thing is that I had to be transferred hospitals because the first hospital didn't have the psychiatric treatment for me but I don't remember being at the first hospital at all because I was out for like 20 hours.

I just thought it was really weird how I can't remember anything but my body was still there talking. Also waking up in the hospital just felt so dreamlike and spiritual. I don't know how else to put it but it was pretty cool