I don't feel alive and I just want to end it all.This is a throw-away account, but I'll be checking it periodically, largely because I have family that know my reddit account. I don't know if this in the right place. I mean, I obviously have thoughts of killing myself, I just don't know if this is a confession or a cry for help.

I've felt depression since I was young, probably starting around third or fourth grade. It's always been there, sort of like a dark passenger; not so much a voice, but a feeling of emptiness and darkness. It never goes away, it just changes. I remember when I was young, around second grade, I wanted to join the army and go off to a war, not really to do anything, just to die and have meaning doing it. At the same time, I also have ADHD and possibly a mild form of Asperger's Syndrome. I couldn't care less about my Asperger's syndrome, it's probably just nice to put a name to face, but I absolutely, with every inch of me, loathe the fact that I have ADHD. Combined with depression, I get nothing done, ever.

Flash forward to now, I'm almost 21, in a community college, and am a complete loner. I have like one or two good friends, but nothing else. I feel like a shadow, which wouldn't be too bad if I just had the ability or will to succeed. I've been told that I'm smart and that I meet criteria for the "gifted range" (IQ greater than 130), it's just that I have a lot of baggage and I can't "self-actualize." I also have never kissed a girl. I've been told that I'm not bad looking, apart from acne, but I have bad teeth. I have enamel dysplasia, where the enamel on my teeth grew improperly and my back molars don't have tops. My grandmother apparently had all of her teeth removed for similar reasons before she was 40. To top it off, I'm about twenty pounds underweight and I've been having problems with my kidneys.

My only real hope seems to be a transfer to another university in my state, but they're all extremely difficult to get into and I've been having trouble in school.

Aside from that, I've been going through these intense cycles of depression. Some days I wake up at noon, especially in the winter, and just sleep through all of the daylight. Others, I'm not quite fine, but not quite bad. It's like I'm a zombie. It's like I'm not even alive. Then, there are others days, like today, where I just think, over and over again, about ways that I could kill myself. Earlier in January, I thought about buying a gun and I just stood in the store looking at their selection for several minutes before shaking myself out of it. Other days, I feel like hanging myself or driving off a bridge, or something.

I don't feel compelled to give, it's just I don't feel the desire to go on, either. What the fuck do I do?