Don’t read if you don’t want to I don’t mean to take up anybody’s time at allI’m 21 years old and as long as I can remember I’ve felt more than sad at different times. I’ve always pushed it off with games, drugs, alcohol, and other things until it inevitably comes back up and I become very unmotivated and suicidal. 

The first time I’ve tried to kill myself was when I was in third grade (8-9 years old) and I tried to tie a PlayStation cord around my neck and hang myself. My sister came up to my room and screamed. I felt ashamed. I was made to believe I was crazy or exaggerating the small event that had occurred for me to come to this.

When I was about 12-ish I can remember again trying this from something very small like my sister went in my room and played my game without asking. I didn’t know why I blew up and just freaked out mentally. I now think it’s kind of like “the straw that broke the camels back” or me pushing something deeper down when I play games or try my hardest to be happy or do drugs or something and then when it all comes back up, the smallest things will send me into a huge lengthy spiral of suicidal depression. 

I realize I try to find purpose or meaning and have all these fantastic ideas but every. Single. Fucking. Time. I lose all the motivation and all these interests I can sometimes put weeks or months of time into, and get back into this super depressive state. I don’t know why. 

The other day I was in this hysterical state and I almost killed myself but I got a random text from my father, it was a reply to a message the day before. So the last 2 days I thought I just needed purpose and meaning and I just have to try harder. So I felt happy until tonight at work I just felt so scared coming into the realization that this has been the same exact cycle I’ve been stuck in for as long as I can remember. I’m so scared I’ll never be happy. I’m so scared I will kill my self as I don’t think right when I’m in these states. I’m just so scared. I’m not in the place to be able to just get help. I’m just so scared. 

Anyways if you read all this thank you so so much I actually feel a lot better getting this out. Life is hard and I’m sorry for anyone else going through similar things. Please stay strong guys. Please. This shit is so hard but we have to keep trying.