Feeling suicidal, but not depressed. What's this I'm feeling?27 years old here. I've just been to a nice concert with friends. I'm listening to really good music now. I wouldn't say I'm unhappy, I know how being depressed feels like and I'm not depressed, employment is not a problem for at least a year, and possibly not after that either. In fact at this very moment I'm very happy.

Why am I feeling this way then? For the last few days, maybe a week, I feel like just ending my life is not a big deal. I'll go out with my friends, have a blast, come home, and do it. There have been times before when I thought if it's something I could do, and the answer was always no. But recently I feel like I've lost my emotional touch with the world. There has never been a time before when it felt so easy, and it scares me. The weird part is, I am more scared that I'll do it when I feel happy than when I feel sad.

I must mention perhaps, that I've been on antidepressants for a while, due to a recent recurring depressive episode brought on by some worry about this chronic pain I'm having for the last 5 or so years acting up. Basically I get convinced that this pain means I have cancer and I'm dying from it (this happened once when the pain started, and again last year). The antidepressant makes the worry mostly go away, not the pain. I still see my psychiatrist, but I don't want to mention this to him, because it'll surely result in more prescriptions, which I don't want, and I don't feel is the answer.

I feel weird. I feel alone. I feel loneliness is inevitable. Even though I'm with someone, we'll never be able to fully understand each other. The formalities of friendships, relationships or partnerships overwhelm me. People can't just trust that they are loved and love back. It's OK. All this stuff is fine. We all know this stuff and try to wade through it. It doesn't make me feel sad, but I just feel there's nothing more. Why drag through ~50 more years feeling this way?

TL;DR: I'm not feeling particularly sad, sulky, depressed, etc. , but I also feel like I could end my life at any moment, without feeling any guilt about it. I feel more inclined to do it after I've had a good time with friends or I am feeling happy. I feel like I need some sort of help, I need to somehow bail myself out of this, but I have no idea how.