Not a suicide note but part of my storyPart 1 of why:My Disappointments

At only 15 I’ve completely given up on the joy in the world. I’ve been bullied out of 2 schools and kicked out of one, I’ve been harassed, Laughed at, and beaten by my piers at school, I’ve disappointed my parents, I’ve been alone for as long as I remember, and I’ve had so many rumors spread about me I’ve lost count. I’ve truly given up on hope and even faith in any religion or god, I don’t want to live anymore and have been planning my suicide by scrapping together my clothes into a make shift noose. I know many are like me and I’m a terrible and selfish person for doing it (which only worsen my feelings) but....well but nothing, I don’t have an excuse. I just want someone to care for me and tell me that I’m not completely alone and will die the same.

Part 2 of why:My Imagination

I don’t claim to have the most creativity in the world but I have a fair amount of it and it’s caused everything in reality to be bland and I can’t take it anymore. Waking up everyday to the same schedule over and over has become a form of torture, I “pray” (even if I’m atheist) that’s some godlike or higher being/power will hear me and send me to somewhere magical, i love fantasy so much and I would die to be in a fantasy world. It sounds stupid writing it down but I just want to be important to someone, I want people to look up to me like a superhero and say I mean something to them. Seeing the works of Game of thrones, The Elder scrolls, Dungeons and Dragons, and more have just made me so jealous and wanting of these great hero’s living their life in fame, fortune, and even finding the love of their life...which brings me to my next point

Part 3 of why:My rejections

Many people say you get over being rejected after a little while, not me. Every single girl I’ve ever asked to care about me the same way I do for them has rejected me. Many form of rejections as well, Whether it was scoffing, laughing, running away, politely saying no, or even punching me in the face (yes, really happened). Every single one has left a true mark on me, one that cuts deeper than any scar I could give myself. People sometimes tell me that “God” or “Genetics” had “Drawn me a bad hand” thinking that it’ll make me feel better? It doesn’t.

Part 4 of why:My Looks

I’ll be honest, I’m ugly. Sure No one is perfect but I’m the polar opposite of perfect. Not to much to say with this as it’s not hard to just explain.

Part 5 of why:My Intellect

For as long as i can remember I’ve been an idiot, failing the easiest of classes and assignments and getting told to “try harder” when I’m doing my best. I failed so many classes in one school I just left it hoping that I could get to an easier school, but I’ve still been failing it even at the easiest levels. I’ve been cursed with my imagination that I can’t even think about what I need to get on in life. 

Part 6 of why:My Faith

I was raised in a Christian household, not insanely Christian but my parents are severely disappointed In me because of my loss of Faith in God and Jesus. I always tell them that “If God is real and watching over me than I might just be his punching bag”. I’ve even been kicked out and basically shunned for a week when I told them I want to believe in a different religion (Old Norse) in hopes to find something worth living for. I’ve even tried to make up a religion in an attempt to make myself want to continue living but to no avail.

Part 7 of why: My End

Compiling all this up, this isn’t a suicide note, it’s a story of my life so far. I’ve been through 3 schools, been rejected more times than I can count, have been bullied and beaten by most people I thought I could trust, and I’ve been searching for my faith for so long that I’ve started to wonder if there’s a point in having any. I’m sorry to bother you all with this story, but I’m hoping someone could tell me I matter. Maybe even help me in some way.