I (19M) have been contemplating for a while, and now feels like a good time.Hey.

 I've posted here several times before, I may still have one or two of those posts up, but I do not know. 
 
 
 I'm a high school dropout due to severe depression and anxiety. Only relationships I've ever had have been long distance, was in one for a year and change, but that drained me for a bunch of reasons I don't feel like going into anymore. Me and her have still been talking, we've been talking for just about two years now. But she's been extremely distant the past few days, and it's entirely my fault. I'm unable to give her any space, I suffocate her and she's no longer even mine. She hurt me a ton over this time, and I guess I've only tried to hurt her the same. Yet she's the last person I think of at night, she's the first person I think of in the morning. She's even been in my dreams lately. But that doesn't matter, I'm not here writing this all out because of her. She's a part of it, but there's more to it than her. 
 

 I take my GED test this Tuesday. Yeah, I got around to doing that. Tested out of the classes I would've had to take, because I scored so high. I'm not stressed about the test, in fact I know I'll pass it. I flunked out my senior year and that was only because I wasn't at school. I've always scored well on tests.
 

 I'm living at my aunts because me and my father have not been seeing eye to eye the last couple months. The stuff with him had been tearing me up and I was only taking it out on the one person that was always there for me. So my father got what he wanted, I ruined the relationship with the girl he hated. 
 

 I've been sick all week, horrible cough that's left me feeling like crap and loaded up on cough medicine. So my seclusion in the basement for the last week probably isn't helping either.

 
 I am tired of putting on a fake smile for everyone else, when everything already feels like complete shit. I have nobody here that is close to me, all my good friends are far away. My will to keep fighting has diminished. 


 If anyone I know ends up finding this, after the fact. I'm sorry.

 