I'm feeling suicidal and need supportI'm feeling an overwhelming desire for self annihilation. I'm trying to reach out before this gets any worse. I'm privileged enough to have support within my community--family, friends, and healthcare professionals. Unfortunately there are few people that I talk to who can relate to my situation.

6 years ago I lost my ability to sleep. It took five years to find the right medication that had minimal side effects. Though my insomnia is under control I still regularly deal with depression and anxiety.

I think the depression stems from being thus far unable to be a productive member of society. That is to say that I haven't been able to finish my bachelor's degree or hold a job longer than two months in many years. I have a deep desire to simply be like most other people who are highly effective and able to give back to their community.

For as long as I can remember I've often had this heavy brain fog that makes it very difficult to process information and manage my life in a meaningful way. It also makes learning a new job quite difficult. Sometimes I feel like I have a broken brain.

I've had some short term success in numerous jobs--call centers, factories, restaurants, specialized work, tutoring math, sales, et cetera. However, these jobs are usually sabotaged by emotional turmoil or my inability to manage my life outside of work.

I used to play a lot of chess, dance, socialize, and draw. Lately my hobbies are of little interest to me, other than writing occasionally. Some days I'm inspired and feel as though I can be successful and maintain a social life. Other days the brain fog is so heavy that I hibernate and avoid commitments.

I do have some healthy coping skills and have learned a lot about my strengths and weaknesses amidst my mental health issues. Even though I'm painting a pretty grim picture it's important to note that my life isn't always full of pain. I've travelled the country in ways few people have the chance to experience. I've had long stints of feeling happy, healthy, and strong. I've been able to share my talents with people in need. But what can someone do with such fickle emotions in the long term?

I'm wondering how to achieve lasting inner peace. I've studied eastern philosophy--and it makes a lot of sense to me--but if I do have a broken brain then how can I live with that? If I can't be an independent member of society then what am I supposed to do?

The last thing I want to do is break the hearts of those who love me by offing myself, but something's got to give. My desire to be free of all this has been growing lately. Does anyone have any insight for me?