I fucking hate myself..I was given a chance at life, maybe at being successful too. But naturally I fucked things up that I can’t take back. 

So much guilt on my mind that I can’t get rid of. 

Painful images that are seared into my brain until I die. 

PTSD from seeing my best friend dead because of my actions. 

Anxiety from worthlessness, guilt, and my past. 

Letting my loved ones down, fucking failure.

I’m 99% sure that I’ll probably kill myself if not next month, next year for sure. Christmas time would be a terrible time to commit suicide for my family, but I just can’t do this shit anymore. 

I’ve always had a feeling I was going to die before I hit 20 since I was like 13, feels like it’s inevitable honestly. I just don’t want to hurt my family, but it’s getting unbearable. 

If I had a shotgun I’d just blow my brains out. But it’d be too messy and besides I probably couldn’t get a gun even if I tried. 

Can’t lie, it is tempting to go to the top of a tall building and just jump off, get some good air time for sure. maybe I’d regret it on the way down like some do. 

If I hang myself, I don’t want to do it in my house because of family. Maybe a random tree in nature would work? But once I kick that chair there’s no turning back and I feel like I’d regret it while I’m hanging. 

Decapitation by train would be nice but I’m concerned about somehow botching that attempt and end up on life support of my already miserable life. And at that point I’m as good as dead or just I fail and just bleed to death in agonizing pain. 

But what do these concerns matter if I’d just die to one of these suicide plans anyway. It’s not like  I can feel pain when I’m dead. I’ll only feel pain for a little bit then I’ll finally be free. That’s the tempting part. 

If Hell really does exist, I’m fucked for eternity I guess. Definitely not going to heaven. If nothing exists in the afterlife, I’m fine with that. Not like I would even know. 

Fuck, I wish there was a “Delete All” button. 