Please talk to meI've experienced severe depression for the last decade. It's gotten worse over the years, and since my brother passed it has been especially bad. My family can't really seem to help or understand, and I don't have many friends these days. 
I moved to a new city from Florida last year to start a new life and things were good for a bit. Then it was the same old. 
But it got worse, as I started having panic attacks at work. Crying, sweating, it sucked and was very embarrassing. I live in a segregated city and I'm not always around people who feel like me, and that can hurt too.
I feel so lost and so gone already. I can't shut the voices out. I lost my job again. I used to dream of providing for my family and I can't even take care of myself.
I'm at the point where rent is due in two days and I don't know what to do. My roommate is a very kind person and she doesn't deserve that burden. I am planning on killing myself tomorrow, but she doesn't deserve that burden either.
I'm just so tired of hating who I am and I can't get help. I'm in therapy. I even tried going to the suicide chat lines tonight but the ones I checked out were full. I'm so so tired and it feels like I'm screaming into nothing.
So many people have done so much to try to help but it just keeps coming back around. I can't keep doing this. I spoke to my Dad but it came back to religion as usual.
I love him so much but I wish he was really listening to me. I put so much effort in the past few hours into convincing myself that it's my time to go but I'm posting here because I don't want to be alone. I always feel so fucking alone. I can't keep being here.
In college I spent so much time with people who made fun of my weight. I let them say whatever they wanted about me as a black man, and it really really fucked with me. I can't get their voices out of my head either.
I love improv and for awhile it kept me going. But I've missed so many shows and disappointed so many people, I feel like I can't even show my face in the scene anymore.
I keep thinking about how angry people will be with me for killing myself but I just can't anymore. I keep imagining myself in people's arms being hugged and feeling loved but it just doesn't happen.