idk about this but im doing it anyway, a long read for the willinhidk where to start. 18 Male Uk, I had and have a really good upbringing in the sense my parents really did and do care for me, the sacrifices they make and made still blow my mind, when i now understand the stresses emigrating to California to better our future and all they done and work they put in.

however, i grew up way too fast. but that wasn't their fault. I guess i'll start with the major factor. jumping to 2017. I was gaslit by my first ever girlfriend or feeling of love towards someone unrelated. I was also friends with someone who was mentally and physically abused and being abused growing up, heavily around drug culture and the toxins that the environment holds eventually got to me it was corrosive. meanwhile, im being blamed for everything, im being threatened of my freedom saying she'll call the police on the house and get me arrested to stop being friends with him, she used my anxiety against me after kissing my best friend and trying to cheat on me at a party that i couldn't cope with being in. she denied it for a week then told me if i wasn't a push over bitch I would have stopped her.  all the loneliness and the honeymoon feeling of a relationship and teen romance bubbling up, that this romance was short-lived and just a work of fiction. I lose myself in being on the sidelines of illicit substances exchanging while i was doing them. recreational and substance abuse are so intertwined its scary when ur considering heroin at 16, when last year you just smoked weed, then MDMA etc the party ones. however the wound of being manipulated and not realizing it finally weakened me, i found prescription painkillers and look up how to overdose. So i wouldn't overdose January 9th 2018 i took 660 mg on a school day that is no academia but more future stuff like tax, sex education. I was getting high in school sniffing capsules in the stools because i couldn't stand my brain sober, i was in pain emotionally. I later overdosed, realizing what happened i pull out my phone realizing whats happened, thinking 1-2g is the threshold of an overdose but that was the adults' threshold. 10 minutes before i would have fallen asleep i started to go into respirotry decompression, panicked and ashamed,filled with guilt i hid in my room after i had my hand down my throat trying to throw it up cus i was panicked, nothing was coming i literally mean my hand down my throat. I would just burp. I accept it i walk out the bathroom and write my last words, I dont want to go into details because of PTSD, but i woke up. Thankfully.

&amp;#x200B;

traumatised from the thoughts in my head my Christian upbringing, the question of existence and how heaven was a mile away. the devil that manifested on my shoulder that i felt the cold breeze down my spine then the heat of hells flame (my body was going extremely hot and cold, clammy hands) or if i would be stuck in purgatory waiting and waiting. or how my mother would have reacted to opening the door to find her son dead in the sheets, my peers, the teachers, the headlines, the vessel of a beautiful soul just another statistic. it all fell on me while my brain was just fried, i suffer from tinnitus now and grainy vision, the static noise, and vision were driving me insane. it was a constant reminder and a flashback of the feeling of the train of thought that was running a noose around my happiness . no one really knew how damaged I was, i looked pale white, I couldnt eat, i couldn't shit, i couldnt stand up propely from cramps, I couldnt sleep, I couldnt handle the moments of the silence of loading screens to video games. It all drove me insane, while I had to sit in exam halls in complete silence for days for MOCK (practice tests that colleges look at), I couldn't concentrate, I was always on edge because I thought I would seize and drop-dead since its common for the drug to do that. I broke down two days after and told my mum what happened after being on a helpline for 1 hour and the verdict was to go to A and E within the hour since i might die. it was awful, having to look your mother in the eyes and say I took an overdose etc. she would question why? I had no idea, I couldnt think or i could do was feel like I wanted the overdose to kill me. because i knew i will never be the same and the feeling of sadness is undescribable, I realised i am just flesh and my consciousness is whats matter and is the meaning of life. I arrive and say all my information, my school, the situation. I was supposed to wait for an hour and half according to the TV saying the wait times. I ended up waiting 6, my gf at the time found out. she called me a junkie, how she was always using me, that im a rat. then my phone died. I just broke down, non stop crying, i saw people come in the whole night and get seen before me, it was like i was stuck in hell and i really did die. the bright lights and swollen eyes fromc rying was causing so much pain I wrapped my longsleeve over my eyes.

&amp;#x200B;

i get an ECG and they check the files for the drug and told for a blood test since it past the lethal stage and my heart seems healthy. but the psychological damage i endured from the past of abuse and the overdose and the being ignored was catastrophic. I was told to grow up and stop being scarred after describing crippiling anxiety, a tightness in my chest, and constant cramps. nobody could help me or reach out, they would try and do mental health Olympics or try and make a positive out of it. I just looked like i was functioning to stop being asked about it and the flashbacks to happen in conversation. I withdrew from school and friendships. I went into full-time work, I became a hermit.

paranoia started to happen after I took  a .8 MDMA night with a group of friends i eventually saw. it wasnt bad but it was weird, I don't remember much of it but it felt like the machinist. i ended up sleeping constantly for 4 weeks and eating and eating and never feeling full, I only thought 2 weeks passed. I started to think I was being watched and wiretapped, that my family was in on it. I realized it was all paranoia when conversations would happen and they wouldn't know what I was on about and the veil became lifted. but thge line was already distorted. I ended up with an interview for  a psych ward for my 17th morning birthday. I knew the yes or no questions that would get me a bed and I love my family and house, I lied about the answers. I knew id rather get my head right at home than there. so i did, it was my problem so i will fix it. and gradually i got better. i try and look back on whats happened and i realize some bad things. after watching the perks of being a wallflower it all hit me.

I was sexually exploited as a child but it wasn't bad kinda, basically, i have two older brothers and when they found out how to pleasure themselves so did I.Then i made friends online on xbox who taught me about porn. there was also another friend and his mate who were saying sexual things to me but being so young u wouldnt understand. like putting "special mayo" on food etc. that was one instance that stuck out to me. I never really understood or still dont the damages that will have on a child and how it robbed me of my innocence and still will if unaddressed. i feel sick with myself because the damage it done to my cognitive bias and how being manipulated will also result in ur own thoughts manipulating you. and how that overdose unlocked all these problems while having to deal with all of the OD issues. Im just scared my brain will just switch and ill end up taking my life

&amp;#x200B;

I cant live with myself because of the activities i got myself involved in and this double narrative life ive lived of being someone on the inside that im not how i come across. the mental health support isnt the best but i always thank them on the phone but i also always distance myself, i never return calls or im to scared to write back. I just want a new life, Im hypersexual and i realized why but only when someone genuinely called me out for it. Its a sickness and a bacteria taht will grow when ur in the darkness and now only have i stopped the growth for now and trying to rebuild my life, we all have skeletons in my closet, even the friendliest faces. idk why i typed all of this maybe it will be the last nail in the coffin for feeling bad about myself and doing stuff i know is wrong but ignoring it, its the nail that will really confirm me taking back my life again as me and not my illness that slowly plagued my thoughts