Im so sick of having to see myself in the mirror everyday and having to deal with my emotions with no way to release them.I stopped caring about a year ago, i found real love and i made the mistake of thinking that they will love me no matter how i look. I stopped caring about my apperance. I gain so much weight. So much. I cant do the same activitues i used to. I cant stand looking at myself anymore. I slept around and let myself be sexually abused and let guys use me to make me feel important even though they saw me as meat. But i did it because it was the only compassion and attention i ever got before I fell in love with the most wonderful human ive ever met, who helped me see what i did wrong and how i let myself ruin my dignity. Our sex life was so wonderful at the beggining but something changed in my head and i couldnt stop thinking about the sexual abuse i was put through especially one memory. Its been months and months since the last time i had sex with him and hes so broken he says he feels unattractive, unwanted, disgusting but i cant figure out how to show him i love him because sex is the onky thing that will fix this. He knows the abuse has bothered me more as of about 6 months ago but he can only take so much sexual frustation and i cant bring myself to be touched or caressed without crying. I have no motivation to loose weight, i have no motivation to seek a therapist, i have no motivation to clean myself. On top of it i need to fix my relationship because weve created a life together already but its so hard to try when my own mind is so broken. Im a prude piece of fat garbage who makes her boyfriend starve from sex and lets herself be used and thrown around. I have no motivation to keep moving forward. Please excuse this whole post and the grammar. I poured my thoughts out and i dont even think it makes sense looking back at it. Theres too much to talk about. I hate this i hate my mind and im letting myself ruin my own life. I want to die. Im so scattered right now.