They NO IDEA - Turning suicide into an ACCIDENT to not make your family members suffer? - An option for nowHi,

I am a French expat and I have been living in Malaysia for almost 3 years. First job, first girlfriend, lots of friends, trips, everything was pure gold, but then during my relationship with the woman of my life, things slowly went wrong and about 2 years later we had to break up. I always felt lost and never knew if the job I was working on, was meant to be. It's been 1-year post break up and I can't get back on track morally, I, of course, accepted the breakup, forgave her and have moved on maybe after 7 or 8 months of sheer pain, I tried to date other girls, find new activities and hobbies, etc. but nothing has helped so far. I poorly handled the breakup, and lost some friends otw, as I was very sad, negative and annoying in some instances. 

I still have lots of friends, but my dignity got damaged, as my behaviour is reflected in my present. The old demons and insecurities, that I buried and accepted a long time ago are now coming back even stronger than ever. Since about a month ago, suicide became a very tempting option. Nothing is working for me right now, plus the fears and anxiety are just unbearable, I never felt so much inner pain in my entire life. I always had an anxiety disorder and succeeded in getting rid of it through meditation and steady breathwork. However, negative thoughts are taking over now, I am full of guilt, regrets and remorse and feel worthless.

Anyway, people have no fucking idea of what willing to kill yourself feels like. People imagine that a person who wants to attempt suicide will just cry, drive crazy, threat other people of attempting suicide, put themselves in the position of victim, etc. The day I will attempt it, no one will fucking know it. Unfortunately, I can't, I am stuck in this world as long as my family is here. I can't imagine the pain of my parents, letting them think that they failed in trying to raise me and making me happy. I can't do that to them. I am sure that my sibling and friends will get over it, but not my parents. Maybe it is a sign for me to keep going, but I am tired. Sometimes I wish for someone to murder me or someone to run over me with a truck. 

I think about dying every day, every night, especially when panic attacks are overwhelming me. I am happy to see my friends, family and ex-girlfriend happy, having fun, getting married or just being happy. Everything is meaningless today and everything is falling apart. My brain doesn't function rationally, I say words that don't make sense, I start having body pain, etc. Yet, I still try to heal, live up my life, force myself to get up every morning and do something.

I wish to never wake up tomorrow, but I hope I will heal one day, if not I will fake a suicide into an accident.