Mental health/employment issuesWhen I'm with my friends I feel lonely. My family is broken. I only have three friends. I am just so exhausted and sick of feeling like this. I am doing to the work to fix my situation with friends, family, mental health, etc but it's not an overnight thing obviously.

If one thing would just go right, things would fall into place. I have bipolar, so basically this is what happens everytime (yes I try to stop it and see the signs and such to deal with it when it but it's not so simple as that). 

Things go well, get better because I'm manic and working hard and such (although still suicidal). Then I slump into depression and am immediately exhausted because of being suicidal while manic. The manic energy fades abruptly and leaves me hopeless. I then call in sick a lot to work because why would I work when I'm sitting on the edge of my bed holding a handgun to my temple? Then I lose my job for not showing up, or showing up occasionally but very depressed. Then I go back to no money, falling behind in relationships and such. It gets to a point of where I finally get a job (last time I was homeless for 6 months and attempted to kill myself 3 months into the bout) but just climb back to where I was, and eventually fall back down again.

I'm 20 years old. If this happens again I'm going to kill myself. I am feeling terrible at the moment. I called in sick last week for three days, and now have been up all night wishing I was dead. I have work in two hours, by the time I finish my shift I'll have been up for over 24 hours. Usually I would call in sick again but I know I can't. I don't even remember what I was going to write this paragraph, I just don't know how to handle this. My life seems pointless, I try to impact my community by being a kind person but nobody likes me.

I'm sick of everyone being so superficial, caught up in how nice their clothes and phones are rather than helping one another grow and feel welcomed. I don't see the point in this little game anymore, I just want to fucking die. My family has nearly disowned me. My friends know I have these problems but they're not therapists I can't just say hey guys I want to jump off the roof let's talk about it. Idk, there's too many problems both in the world and my own life for me to think about. It's overwhelming on top of wishing to take my life, and the one thing I don't want to do which is work some stupid 9-5 restaurant job (no offense to my employers, they are good people. It's not just meaningful to me) but I have to because otherwise you end up homeless.

Then I started thinking about it, I'm not in jeopardy of losing my job. I'll go to work and soldier on through the day until I get home and take a long rest to recover. But then I'll wake up, and wish I was dead again. The problem doesn't revolve around job anxiety. It doesn't revolve around my family, that relationship is still there to be fixed life is a long time. My friends are good, I could use some more but that isn't a necessity right now.

It isn't just any one of these things, nor do I really believe it's the accumulative effect. It's not due to a certain trauma, it's not because of an existential crisis. Because even when I'm laughing and life is improving, I still want to die. So is it because I have an imbalance in my brain that gives me these thoughts? My life would be fine without these thoughts. Even if I was depressed it would be okay, I would see the upside and get through this. But with suicidal thoughts I have no answer, no idea, no hope. I just spend all day long wanting to blow my brains out. What the actual fuck.