A window into my life, I guess.. this was an email I sent to someone last night. Typos probably.Depression. Anxiety. Being alone. Not truly being needed by anyone here. It sucks. It hurts. No one needs me here. I'm just here for the sole purpose of existing. No one would care or notice if I disappeared tonight. No one bothers to ask me how I'm doing today. No one stops to ask me if I'm doing okay. Everyone has a group of friends who love them endlessly and actually want to see them outside of school and talk to them and everything. I'm just a background decoration in everyone's lives and all I need is to just be validated. All I ever wanted was... to feel wanted. This life is literal hell. It's my personal hell. I'd rather be anywhere but here. I'd rather be anyone else but me. I don't want this body. I don't want this life. Maybe if I go, people will notice. No one fucking talks to me unless they need me to listen to their problems and GOD I WANT TO HELP BUT IT SUCKS THAT I'M JUST A PERSONAL THERAPIST TO EVERYONE. JUST ONCE, I'D LIKE SOMEONE TO TEXT ME LIKE "Hey ----, how are you feeling today?" or a message like "You matter to me and I need you here." No one fucking cares. People say they do but no one fucking listens to me when I text them asking for help. My insides are crying "save me now." Fuck this life. Fuck this world. I don't want to be me. 

I feel so fucking alone. I'm so sick of waking up every single day and wishing I didn't. I am sick of crying so much. I can't fucking stand being such an outcast. All I ever fucking wanted was to fit in. I hate myself more than words could ever fucking describe and I just want to blow my face to goddamn bits with a shotgun. I feel so goddamn bad that you have to read this shit because it's not easy to hear these kind of words. I hate that I care about everyone so goddamn much. I wish I could stop. When everyone else wakes up, their nightmares end. Mine never does. Everyday I pray that I'll wake up from this dream and be a happy, beautiful child who is loved by everyone. This mental illness is tearing me up right in front of everyone's eyes and no one cares. I talk about killing myself a lot. And I bet if I were to be in the middle of killing myself, no one would stop me. I've been depressed since I was a child. Wanna know what fucking sucks about teen depression? While everyone is living the best years of their life by going to parties, making awesome memories, falling in love, and so on... I'm not. I'm wishing my own fucking life away. I'm scared that I'll just be thrown into a hospital again and be put on meds that just make me feel so damn numb. I am so ready to go. I don't want to be here anymore. Everyday is a battle with myself. It's like going to war with the enemy... and each battle ends in your bitter defeat. But you still show up on the battle field every day even though you know you're going to get your ass kicked. Each day, the wounds become deeper and more severe. You grow weaker and weaker. And then one day, you wave a white flag and it's over. Or the enemy finally kills you. Either way, you will lose to your demons. 

I have accepted the fact that my demons will win. And fuck, maybe they already have. I'm tired of fighting. 