Feeling suicidal about how suicide is dealt withTW; Could come off as racial insensitive and plethora of other things

It's so sad how mental health is dealt with and people really only give a fuck when you're gone. And why the fuck is suicide that bad? You've just ended the game. But, of course, there's something that may lead you to keep wanting to be here. Being alive can be as simple to consciousness to enjoying your human experience and taking more things in. 

Earlier today, I looked more into how people are dying because of their skin color. A *protected trait*. And what is this world even about? Living or surviving? Part of me has come to peace with the fact I might die because of someone else's hate. And the police here? Don't give a fuck. You're just another n\*\*\*\* I own! YOU HEAR ME, LITTLE N\*\*\*\*? This constitution gives you rights on paper but don't forget your fucking place. 

The people who have died because of police brutality is awful. Hell, any innocent person who has died. I think of Till and he was teen a teen boy but someone could just murder because a white person said this or that. And hell, I even felt in denial about it. I don't think I've experienced anything racist but then again, I'm naive and kinda stupid. I'd just like to think this isn't the world I'm living in. Because I don't feel that way about other people. You could be a purple 7ft being and I wouldn't give a fuck based on those facts. Sadly, people don't care about what's in your heart but how you look, stereotypes, ect. 

I can't imagine taking away someone's fucking life. Just like...damn, at least break their ankles or something else. I mean, the goal is to be decent but I don't think decency will be achieved until we're open to listen to what we've done wrong and reflect. 

Oh, changing subjects....fuck y'all who consider prevention just dialing a number to be help &amp; that throwing someone in a pysch ward is considered to helping them. And no wonder why people don't mention feeling suicidal. If people feel like they're going to be punished for telling the truth, they have more incentive to not tell it ffs.