I am readyI am finally at the end of my rope

&amp;#x200B;

Three months ago, I had gone back to my home country on vacation to spend time with my mother. The night before we were supposed to take a trip, I found her unresponsive in one room after we had had dinner and had started packing. She died 36 hours later. The cause was ruptured brain aneurysm. I blame myself for not finding her earlier. If I had prevented her from becoming anoxic, we could have saved her. I am a de-facto man slaughterer and I do deserve punishment for this. 

To make matters even worse, my partner of four years recently told me that he cannot take being with me any longer so he is leaving me. He claims I am damaged goods and that my mother’s death ruined our already precarious relationship and that, overall, I disgust him. i was gone for a couple weeks and I think he started dating again. I now have to vacate our apartment (that was in my name) because I cannot afford to keep it on my own. 

In the span of three months, I lost both my mother and the love of my life, who now completely despises me.

Before my mother died, I was also grappling with a failed career, which I did not have the energy to pick up again after her passing because who cares about that now?

For all these reasons, I decided that, on the six-month-mark since her brain hemorrhage, I am going to kill myself. I do have few friends and family who loved me, but, frankly, all my family members are broken inside based on what happened to my mother, so one more loss won’t matter that much, especially because I was always inferior to my mother. As for my friends, I am not the center of their world, so I am sure they’ll be ok. They might be a little sad, sure, but they will move on. 

My death will make the day of my ex, though, so at least I will make someone happy.

I want to find a way to make it as quick, effective, and painless as possible. I know I can only pick two out of those three words. It’s either jumping or pills, even though I learned that drinking pesticide works wonders too. If anyone has tips on how to find seconals or barbiturates that can make me go quickly, please advise.

I honestly don't have any alternatives, so please don't tell me that life is beautiful and that light shines through, because, in two months, I will be gone gone gone.

&amp;#x200B;