Called the hotline. Stepped away from ledge but need support.Hi. I suppose I should have created a throwaway but I feel like that would just be one more way I'm hiding this darkness inside me. 

I am a 40 year old male, living on the west coast of the United States. I have a 10 year old daughter. I'm divorced and remarried, with another 10 year old step daughter. My biological kid lives with her mom in another state. My wife and step daughter live about 230 miles away from me. It's a complex situation but it's been like that from the beginning - we met and dated while living in different cities and work/family makes living in the same city difficult. 

I am overweight, and have a plethora of medical conditions - diabetes, hypertension, early stages of kidney disease, and diagnosed depression and anxiety. I take anti depressants daily and have anxiety medication as needed. 

For as long as I can remember I have been depressed. I had a pretty emotionally rough childhood. I am above average intelligence, and am pretty good at pretending I'm ok and have my stuff together. 

My wife and I have pretty explosive fights, as it seems our individual mental health conditions exacerbate one another. 

This week I started a fight, and said some horrible things, filled out divorce papers, and decided I would just kill myself. I have fought feelings of suicide off and on most of my adult life, but more of the general "I just am tired of living" type rather than the let's make a plan kind. 

Tonight, I made a plan. I decided when, where, and how. In a cry for help I told my wife, and she wasn't in a position emotionally to help me out of the darkness. So that just made it worse. I was resolved. After my daughter (whom I just picked up for spring break) went back home, I would put my plan in action. 

On a whim, I googled why shouldn't I kill myself. And found some fairly decent online information. That's when I read the stuff about whether a suicidal person has a plan. And that hit home. Big time. 

It took me about 20 minutes of mind wrangling to make the phone call. I tried telling myself that I don't need to call, it's 2am and I am not in eminent danger. I tried the old "I'll call my shrink tomorrow morning" and Etcetera. But I finally decided, trembling and in tears, to make the call. 

The person was very nice and pleasant. I'm not sure what I expected but I was terrified. I told him about where I was emotionally and why I thought I called. You see, I needed someone to tell me it's ok and that I was right to call. I needed someone that I could voice my treatment initiation to so that I couldn't just brush it off in the morning as "just some stupid stuff I thought". 

So I told him I would call my psychiatrist and that I would stop putting off counseling. And I got to tell him about how embarrassed and disappointed in myself I am and how I feel guilty and broken. I just needed someone to listen without fixing. Someone who wouldn't personalize my pain and make it their own, or offer maddening platitudes. 

So that's what happened. Just like when I called, I'm not sure why I decided to post here. But here I am. I could use some encouragement, maybe some praise, maybe just some "you're not alone and you aren't psychotic". 

I'm /u/kemal007 and today I chose to live. 

Posted from mobile so my apologies if I made mistakes. 