too sick to livehey everyone reading this. i hope your day is going as good as it can possibly be.

i turned 19 a couple months ago, which is unreal to me. i feel ancient when i think about it even though at 19 my life is still just starting. i haven’t been happy since i was about 9 or 10. my parents split when i was 10 and got divorced soon after, but the awful fighting leading up to my mom leaving kinda traumatized me. her leaving also was traumatic, because it happened out of nowhere. one night my parents said mom was going to stay with grandma for a little while. then she left, and that was that. when she first left everyone kept emphasizing to us that she was gonna come back, but she never did. not that she left my life completely, but i didn’t see her for a long time and even after that, for many years i would see her once a week after school on friday, and that was it. i see her a lot more now even though she lives an hour away from my dad, which is good. 

since i graduated high school i’ve progressively gotten a lot worse. i was never good mentally, but i could function pretty okay and hide my symptoms. i used to be able to go to school for 8 hours, go straight to work for another 5 hours, then go home and do homework and whatever else i was able to do before going to bed. then the summer after i graduated i was able to work almost full time, even working 2-11 on fridays. 

now i work 15 hours a week and am taking two online college courses, and i can barely manage that. everyday is worse than the one before it. i barely work, barely have any school work to do, don’t have to pay for rent or anything, yet i’m barely living. i started hurting myself again this month after being clean since april. i had a mental breakdown so bad that i don’t remember what happened for four hours between it starting and ending. i woke up in my bed with a pounding headache and my throat aching and i could feel a horrible pain where i had hurt myself, but i don’t remember doing it. 

every night i have to talk myself out of killing myself. i cry and sob and everything hurts so bad and i try to keep myself from just ending everything even though i know it’ll be worse tomorrow. the past week all my dad has done is scream at me for not getting things done that he asked me to and making me feel like a piece of shit for existing. he made me believe he was getting rid of my cat, which made me again almost kill myself bc the only thing that brings me any joy anymore is my cat. 

i can’t take care of myself at all really. i don’t remember the last time i showered. some days i just don’t eat even when i feel like i’m starving bc
i’m too depressed to get out of bed. i didn’t clean my cat’s liter box for a week and didn’t even realize it until he pissed on my dad’s bed. i got the chance to be at my mom’s today and i spent the entire day sleeping and being in a bad depressive episode where i went non verbal and couldn’t move and just stared at the ceiling.

i don’t have any real friends. i have people that use me for what they want then throw me away until i’m needed again. i have people that insist that they love me and love talking to me even though they’ll go weeks without checking on me. i have people that would probably prefer it if i died. 

i go to therapy and have been on so many medications i’ve lost track. nothing works. nothings ever worked and things are getting worse all the time. i’ve always struggled with seeing my future but now i can’t even look into what i’m gonna do tomorrow bc i never plan to even be alive tomorrow. 

it’s funny bc my favorite holiday is halloween. halloween is next week and i’m not excited at all. all i want to do is die. i’m obsessed with halloween. i start celebrating it in july and buy all the cool scary stuff i see and watch halloween themed videos and movies and spending all year thinking of what i want to dress as. now it’s coming up next week and i keep thinking i’ll probably not be alive anyways so it doesn’t matter. 

last time i got admitted to the hospital i was there for a week and it cost over $2000. my dad said it was a waste of time and money bc ‘i would never actually do it’. i feel like i should be admitted bc i can’t keep myself safe but what’s the point. i’ll still want to kill myself when they release me. it’ll cost a ton of money that we don’t have and it won’t help at all. 

i’m not sure how coherent this is bc i don’t really wanna proofread it. i’m not sure exactly why i’m posting this either. i’m just. bad. i’m really bad right now and it’s not like i have anywhere else to go. i’m sorry to anyone who had to read this haha.