One of my close friends is more suicidal than usual lately and the only thing I can think of to help him involves me threatening to leave him and I think it would be too hard on him right now. What do I do?One of my close friends is more suicidal than usual lately and the only thing I can think of to help him involves me threatening to leave him and I think it would be too hard on him right now. What do I do?

So basically my friend has pretty bad depression/bpd and he’s tried to kill himself before but thankfully he has terrible luck when it comes to that. Recently I thought he actually managed to do it when I didn’t hear from him for two weeks but it turns out he’d been in the hospital after a pretty bad one. Now, tonight, he disappeared again, and although I’m devastatedly worried, he’ll probably be fine, and he also lives in another country so I can’t reach him myself or even call the police. (it’s only been a few hours and maybe just went to sleep early, I’m worried but he’ll probably be ok, though I’m very open to suggestions on things I can do to make sure he is)

But the problem is what I should do when he gets back. You see, most of his troubles lately have been from a toxic relationship he’s in right now, but he can’t stop himself from seeing this guy because he craves the attention so bad. I’ve tried talking him out of it, telling him I’d do anything for him to stop seeing this guy but it’s useless because even he knows the relationship is toxic. The only idea I have left is to say that if he doesn’t break up with this guy, I can’t talk to him anymore. At first I thought it was exclusively for his benefit but when I thought about it, I can’t keep thinking he’s dead every couple of weeks and keep my mental health. If I can stand my ground on this, I’m almost certain it’ll be enough since we’re pretty close. But I also don’t want it too be too much for him, and have him die for real because of something I did. Is there something else I can do, or do I have to risk it?