[17 M] One mistake after another......I've made so many mistakes.  I can't even remember them all but they huant me from the past.  Most of them are stupid...not important but they add up.  I've fucked myself in alot of ways and I can't see a way forward.  But it's not just the mistakes, it's the choices, it's the "good ideas". But non of that matters anymore.  I'm not gonna kill myself because I'm to much of a pussy.  Next year I'll be a senior, but I'm not graduating, credit wise I'm in the middle of 10th grade, I went to a weird school.  But fuck school, that doesn't matter either.  The only thing that matters is being a decent fucking human being...but still I fail at that.  I yell at my mom for no reason, I can't control myself at all, I can't rely on anyone anymore, not my mom, my shrink or my friends.  But that's not why I want to die, back to being a decent human being...I fucked up a huge amount earlier this year and the guilt has driven me to some pretty dark places, only rescued by weed and nicotine.  I'm only not sad when I'm high and I've been smoking less because i have summer school, meanwhile all my friends are spending all the money they've saved together to throw parties even tho I can't show up.  But again, that doesn't matter and that's not why I want to die.  I want to die because of something that happened mid March.  A long story short, me and my (now ex) GF got really high on some 99% THC oil and decided to have some sexy time while watching the office, not sex tho just hands and stuff, we go for a few rounds and it starts getting late and we're both tired and high, I ask her if she wants to go again, she says yes, I start fingering her, a few minutes pass and I get distracted by the office, I kept going and watching at the same time, a few more minutes pass and I look back up at her, she's asleep...and I'm still 3 knuckels deep, I take my hand out and she opens her eyes and looks at me and says, "oh, I was asleep." Before closing her eyes again.  I sat there with my mind racing for a few more minutes before realizing what I did and throwing up in my bathroom.  Things between me and her got bad pretty fast, things between me and the whole highschool got bad pretty fast, the head of school and head guidance counselor informally suspended me for a month, told the whole class and everyone's parents to "watch out for me" and the guildance counselor told my mom what happened even though that's a breatch of confidentiality, now my mom and dad know everything.  I'm leaving out some details but  That's why I want to die.  Because in the last 3-4 months I've watched the only girl I've ever loved get raped by high me and every single one of my friends and my parents treat me like a maniac living in their sons skin.  The only thing I have going for me is that I'm not in fucking prison.  I can't live like this...please