i want to disappearfor a few years i've been struggling with worsening depression and self hatred. at first i managed to deal with it somehow, distracting myself with different activities, trying to focus on my only passion which is music. recently though, i've been losing interest even in that. life seems hopeless, completely empty. i feel like all i do is hurt everyone around me. i'm a useless person, leeching off others my whole life. i'm afraid to talk about this with my family, because long ago when i tried to open up a bit, all they were saying was that i should go to a therapist. it feels like they've given up on me. 
tonight my only friend told me after three days of silence that it hurts her to see me like this and that's why she distances herself away from me. she said that she can't deal with it and it's hurting her. i told her that i don't want to do that and i'll handle myself on my own from now on, but it hurts so much and i think that i've destroyed our friendship. i've tried to reach out to my girlfriend too, but she took it very lightly. i said i'm feeling very unhappy and that i'm broken inside, but all she said was that i'm going to get better soon. i don't have anyone else to reach out for help to... it feels like i'm completely alone..
i'm currently in college, which i miraculously managed to get into, but i don't feel any satisfaction from it nor any energy to do anything. everything seems so bland and worthless.
i think that everyone would be better off if i was dead. all i do is constantly bring everyone down and hurt them. i want to end it... but i just can't do it for some reason..
what should i do? i don't want to go to a therapist.. i can't talk with other people face to face about my state, not to mention complete strangers.. it'd feel like artificial compassion, that they just want to get their money from doing this instead of helping me.. 
i just can't find any meaning in my life anymore.. it's all falling apart and i just can't do anything to stop it.. i just want to melt into thin air and be gone.. 
can anyone help me?...