I can't speak.Ever since I was a child, I've had a stutter. Not a mild one, think of the Kings Speech; that one hits closer to home.

I spent my school life listening to everyone chat, laugh, sing, whisper, but could never do it myself. I would sit in the classroom, at my allocated spot at the table hearing questions being thrown out to the room which I knew the answer to; and beyond all other wanting in that moment, all I craved was to raise my hand and answer it like a normal school boy would.

I just couldn't.

Instead I would sit there within my impenetrable silent bubble I'd found myself in, and daydream of a future where I would become an adult and have a happy life, my stutter non-existent. 

Ten years later I'm an adult with a medicore job, with some great friends of whom I'm very lucky to have. My family, friends, and colleagues all know of my affliction, but as they do not have one themselves, all they see is someone with a mundane speech impediment who needs a little longer to "get his words out". 

They, and I assume most people who can speak fluently and articulatory without hindrance don't understand or realise the mental and emotional turmoil it can create.  In this day and age everything is based around communication. Want to apply for a job? Sit down for an hour in front of two people and answer questions on you why you want to spend your free precious time filling up the cheeses on aisle six for pennies.  Need cancel a subscribion? Buy a house? doctors appointment? Give them a ring only to have them hang up when they think that nobody is there because you can't say a simple "Hello". 

Or perhaps you want to go to the shops to buy a new coffee machine, when the nice lady walks up to you and asks you if you need any help today, completely unaware of the battle which is raging deep down inside of you. Struggling to breathe, facial contortions, colour shifting from milky white to beetroot red. Being so aware of every millisecond that passes, and just before the words come out finally, you realise that she is looking at you funny, with a hint of fear.

It's degrading. Humiliating. Demasculating. Knowing that I am of sound mind just trying to get by with life, but whenever I need to speak to someone, they think something is wrong in my head and avoid me. I go from the friendly looking chap standing by the toasters to someone they regret walking over to because I "am not acting normal". And worse of all? The hardest thing for me to say is "stutter". So I can't even tell people what's going on so they never realise.

Every waking hour of my life is dedicated to my stutter. It's always there looming behind every choice I make. It's an invisible disease, eating away at confidence from the inside out until a shallow husk remains; filled only with anxiety with lost dreams and opportunities. If this is to be my life, then it is not worth living. Watching peers around you progress and move up to a better life, when I can't even make a phone call without being hung up on.

Suicide has always been in a different reality to me. Seemed too far away or unrealistic to see it properly. However as time goes on I can only see a very bleak future for me in this life.

I don't think it will be very long now until I take the plunge.