I don't know, a long winded lament of sortsThis is my third post on here.  First was my actual suicide attempt three months ago and getting hung up on by the hotline people. Second was just a struggling to find a reason rant.  I don't know if this helps my resolve or what. It's not attention.  I have the insurance and ability to get the attention with my care team if that's what I needed...

I think I just want permission.  I keep telling everyone I'm so tired and just once I wish one of them would tell me it's okay, to go rest,  I don't have to keep hurting. 

I have a very long history with all sorts of abuse. I've been in therapy for three years straight (on and off for 9 years before that) and have done the SSRI throw a dart at a board and see what works and came up broke.  I'm an active cutter. It's been the only appropriate way other than eating disorder shit that I've ever been allowed to have emotions with my family.  I told my mom about being suicidal and she got angry with me because my older siblings died from genetic disease and "they would have wanted to be here now and you want to take that gift that was stolen from them and ruin it. " 

I have nothing left.  I left my long term partner after being disillusioned by someone else and now have neither person in my life. I have plenty of superficial friends but none that at the end of this month when I officially lose the apartment,  that I can go to.  I will have a storage unit and no home and too much debt on me to even begin to think about renting anything more than that storage unit. 

I can't go home to my parents without being overwhelmed by the mental abuse my mom puts on me (that she will deny for her whole life and well past her last breath)  and my dad has made me very uncomfortable with the way he's acting and started to touch me and speak with me. 

I have lost everything that kept me going now.  I was going to kill myself after I knew my ex was safely in a new home. I was going to drink my favourite bottle of wine and curl up with the overly large stuff dog on the floor of the storage but the storage guy is so nice.  I don't want to do that to him. I started thinking about hiking to the point at blue hills I love and laying down under the stars and doing it but I don't want to traumatize any unsuspecting hikers and make it hard for my body to be taken out. 

I'm still debating the storage unit with a sign on my door to not go in.  I'm at the point where I've written letters to my mom and dad and one other person that deserves the long ass letter I wrote her. I just feel so much pain. I want it to be over today. I keep hoping everyday I wake up (if I actually sleep that night) I would have rethought and been waffling about actually killing myself but I've been steadfast. I'm going to but waiting is just been this agonizing feeling. My heart hurts like a crushing pain and I feel like I can't breath as electric fire courses through me.  I'm crying almost everyday now. I never asked to be alive. Even when I was little (before kindergarten but moreso at six) I used to tell my parents I don't know how to be alive and I don't know what the point of it all was and didn't want to do it.  They made me go to church in response.  I've given up. I feel intense anger for being forced through guilt to maintain my life of misery. 

I'm tired of therapy and meds and the hospitals.  It's not working.  I panic at the thought of being alive another year let alone a good 30 more if I continue on like my parents want.  Just let me go and be at peace. Living in the 7th ring of hell won't be so bad if Christianity is to be believed. I can handle physical pain, I just can't handle the emotional turmoil I've lived for 22 of my 27 years of life.  I'm too tired.  Once I know everyone is safe and it's only going to emotionally hit them,  I'm going to finally get the rest I need. Thank you for sticking it out to this point. For reading this lament. I don't have anything inspiring to say nor a profound point.  Posting here just gives me more peace in my decision.