Life has been a struggle lately.I'm only 17 but a lot has been going on recently and I can't help but feel lost and depressed and I have an overwhelming desire to kill myself. I know I'm young and I "have a lot to live for," but I just don't see it. I've had (self-diagnosed) depression since about 7th grade because of my appearance. My mom made a remark about my weight and I haven't been able to shake it off since. I have a low self-esteem and I've had guy troubles and was cheated on by "C", someone I trusted with my life. I started self-harming my freshman year and cut religiously for about a year and a half. I stopped after I started liking this guy "J" in January of 2012, and we dated for 8 months. He made me trust him after I let him know that I had problems trusting people after I was cheated on, and he promised me that he wanted to be with me forever (cliched high school bull crap). Last December, he wanted to go on a break and we ended up breaking up a few weeks ago and I've been a wreck since. Then last Tuesday, my six year old cousin passed away, and that was hard on all of us. I started self-harming again because I couldn't take the stress from everything. Then last Sunday, my dad informed me that his best friend that I've known since I was little is in the hospital in Indianapolis and is in an induced coma. Tonight he told me that he wanted me to go with him this Sunday, but I don't want to go because I'm not good with sickness and tragedy. That made me feel bad because I know my dad wants me to go. And then tonight my best friend of 4 years, that I suspect "J" likes, told me that she likes "J" and that she knows I still love him. I have no one to turn to, no one to talk to. Everything is falling apart around me, and I know its stupid to be so upset over love and relationships, but my mom is poor and can't afford to send me through college and my grades aren't good enough for a scholarship so I have nothing going for me in life. I don't know what I'm going to do after high school and I feel like I'm doomed to be a failure. A few years ago I didn't see myself turning 16. I thought I would have killed myself before then. But here I am, 17 and miserable. I think the only reason I haven't killed myself yet is because after my family lost my cousin, they wouldn't be able to handle losing another child. I just don't know what to do anymore. I've been a wreck all night, crying and cutting and crying some more. I can't go to a therapist because I'm afraid to talk to people, and getting the help that I need costs money that we don't have. I'm afraid that I'm stuck in a depression cycle and I can't get out. 

I'm sorry this was so long, I just needed to get it out and I didn't know where to put this. I just don't have anyone to turn to anymore. Thank you if you took the time to read this.