That one Elton John song seems pretty relatable todayI just want to die. I don't necessarily want to do it myself, because I know I am loved and that a lot of people care about me, etc., and I don't want to be a source of pain or trauma for anyone in my life. But, on a much, much bigger level, I don't want to be alive. I feel so fake all the time for trying to just be there for other people and letting them love and care about me more. 

I've talked to a lot of people who are in their 80's and older; a lot of people who are seemingly near the end of their lives, and they feel so relatable because they're always tired and they've done everything they want to do with their lives. They're ready to die, and I feel that way almost every day of my life. I feel guilty for wanting to die- I don't have a bad life at all, my life is pretty good. I think that makes me feel greater guilt, honestly. I'm deeply depressed, and I feel weird every time I tell my therapist how sad I am. I'm always afraid that my therapist will have me institutionalized when I articulate how much I have wanted to die in my life. I feel weird when I tell anyone. It's such a vulnerable and deeply intimate feeling: expressing the desire to feel the sweet embrace of death.  
I ruined my dad's father's day weekend by telling him that I've wanted to die since I was as young as eight years old; I'm 25 now, and it just keeps getting harder every day. I feel like such a terrible daughter for telling my dad how much I want to die. I started self-harming when I was nine or so; I started punching myself in the head, pulling out my hair, and trying to strangle myself with my blankets. I told my dad all of that, and when I said "I'm sorry if this is hard to hear, but I wish I had never been born" all he replied with was "How wold I celebrate Father's Day then?" (as if I don't have two younger siblings, and as if he and my mom wouldn't have had other kids, had I not been born?!) 

I digress, but bottom line is: I'm really tired of waking up hoping I die before I go to bed, and I'm even more tired of going to bed hoping I somehow die in my sleep. I know people care, they always have and always will, but I also think it's not fair to give my loved ones a false sense of me being okay. Having them know is hard too. I just wish I could disappear, but more than that, I wish I could have everyone in my life be okay with me wanting to die, as a concept and reality. I don't think that I'm just on this earth to make my loved ones happy, and, not to sound too dramatic, but having them happy by my existence fills me with such a deep sadness. The earliest I can see myself actually doing anything is next week, because I don't want to miss my therapy appointment, and I don't want my boss to have a headache filling my shifts, so I have to get them all covered first, because I just want to die. I don't want anyone to be inconvenienced by it.