My suicidal thoughts have come back, and I've actually been considering itI used to be suicidal, but have gotten better, not having any serious such thoughts, but recently at night, I find myself considering suicide again. I'm not sure how serious it is, but considering my history, it may be bad, especially considering I have money to do what I plan. During the day I'm usually pretty lucid about these thoughts and dismiss them, but I know that this may lead to me having them more often, and will be a slippery slope back to relapsing to suicide attempts. It may have something to do with my clean time from my addiction to cough syrup, being a little less than 2 months clean, but I'm not sure. When I start thinking about using and knowing that I can never use again, it does make me want to kill myself. I also, however, will think of suicide for other reasons, such as fear of the future or loneliness, or fear of failure. I have realized that chances are I will never be a great writer, and my book will probably flop, and it makes me feel horrible, even just writing it down. I hate my life, I used to be seen as a really smart person, someone who could have done anything, now I don't feel like a could do anything for more than a few months, and it makes me want to end it.

There are a couple of things I want to live for, namely finish a book series that I'm reading, but I don't want to base the meaning of my life around reading, it's silly. I want passion in my life, but I don't have it anymore. I'm not depressed, because I still find motivation to do everything, and also I've seen doctors, been hospitalized many times, even TDO'd, and they all say I've never been depressed. One psychologist said that I was closest to having Borderline Personality disorder, but I didn't quite meet enough criteria, and wasn't diagnosed with it. I am on anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medicine, but it doesn't seem to be working, or maybe it was working and then it stopped. I don't know what it is, but I can't seem to find any good meaning to live. I will never get married, I will likely never have a girlfriend, will probably be stuck in a 9 - 5 job I hate, and will never do anything worthwhile for the world. And that fact kills me. I don't understand how normal people do it everyday.