my prof commit suicide because of me.I am a Middle Eastern woman who studied at a University in my own country. In the University, I encountered a Westerner Married Prof. 

He was interested in me [at first]. Then, I loved him so much. He never complained about that. We had NO sexual interaction or anything-- Platonic. 

After a year from our meeting, the university fired him (the department told ME he was sick so he left). 

I tried to reconnect with him during this time, but his wife blocked me-- and I thought it was him so I didn't want to bother him any further, and didn't text him ever again.

Ofc, I was depressed...

He went back to his country, after a whole year, he took his own life-- earlier this year.  

After he commit suicide, I learnt that he lost his job because of me, then he became extremely depressed till he took his own life-- the University sounded extremely restricted and literally monitored every little thing-- used in electornic device  

.

I've been bullied when he left the Uni by students; Instructors and professors were spreading false rumours and stories about me in which I still I have no idea who is the source of al these rumours-- "picturing me as a total lunatic and a stalker, plus, a sexual holic, a student who made inappropriate gustures and following the prof every single place..." the stories were crazy, and almost everyone would believe them because they are the high educated freakin adult.

I am tired and I cannot typed the thoughts that have been dwelling inside of my head for months and months. 

I loved that man with every cell of my body, and I still do. I have literally no idea how his relationship with his wife, but man I loved him for real. 

When he commit suicide; I received accusations of being the reason he killed himself, even if I didn't recieve those accusations, I'd still believe that he died because of me. 

He made me believe am worthy, then he took all that back. He taught me lots of things; mainly importance and the joy I can have from Literature... &lt; that's why I cannot read anymore, like, I have no motivation, just like I suck the marrow out of my Prof's life, now I feel am not worthy to read, to laugh, to be happy, to grow further... am scared to mess up.. a scared to meet someone who heard about this sorry and then I will be bullied again...

and I can't keep on living in a world he isn't part of it. I can't just keep waking up every day just to remember that I killed the only thing that mattered to me. I tried doing lots of hobbies and engaging with the act of living but man, I can't keep up... it is tasteless.. meaningless..

It is like a chasm of darkness has opened up inside of me attracting all the negativity in the world and I can't stop... 

I can't forgive myself (as the fact that IF ONLY I DIDN'T RUN TO HIM AND FELL FOR HIM HE WOULD BE HERE, PUBLISHING SOME BOOKS OR ESSAYS OR DOING WHAT HE LOVES... ugh) I can't stop being Remorsful.. i keep thinking of: if only I did this, or that, if only I dropped his course bfr things went crazy in this instituation, if only I cared more about his position.... it kills me.. and I would commit suicide too, if only the act of it can be smooth and painless.