Friend is at the edgeHey guys.

My friend has had a bumpy ride for the past 8 months. From being one of the most premier individuals and on a fast track to fame, he has lost everything. He lost his job, his girlfriend, alienated many friends. He still has support, mostly stemming from me and his mother, but he has trapped himself in her basement. He never leaves bed, he can't even watch tv because it is too painful.

He hallucinates regularly and has become extremely angry. Every time he sees people he becomes angry and has violent thoughts. He has pent up anger and is just so frustrated with his situation, with his loss of control, with his loss of purpose.  

It seems like the only thing he does anymore is text me and his mother horrible things about how ready he is to die, how he's made preparations. He sends me constant updates as to the date and time that he plans to do it. He has stopped listening to everything I say. He just uses me as a whiteboard to vent and run through his horrible thoughts. 

He has tried every form of treatment. His mother is desperate and has run through therapist after therapist, psychiatrist after psychiatrist. He has been to the most severe treatment centers around. He is med and therapy compliant but nothing seems to help, no one seems to understand. No matter what he drifts further into madness.

He has been to the hospital before, but he blames the hospitals for much of his suffering. He has written notes to his doctors at the hospitals blaming them for his anguish. I (and his mother) both know that we should call the cops/have him hospitalized, but we both know that that means that he will stop talking to us and he will be left alone. Not only that, the anger that they would inspire in him would be threatening.

His mother is at a loss for what to do. I'm at a loss. He has shared with me his plans but they are theoretically not for another few months, so I guess I can't describe the threat as "immediate". I'm feeling a little helpless and stuck tracking his moods.

I don't know what I'm here for I guess. I've just seen some of how this community reacts and am looking for some guidance. 