idk what to doI'm 16 turning 17 in March. last year I was super introverted and didn't have much friends, I was super depressed and didn't know what to do so I cut and all most killed myself lots of times. the only reason I didn't was because I thought of my family and what they would think/do when they found me and it turned me off the idea. but now me and my "step" parents got into a fight. let me explain the situation in in rn. so 2 years ago I loved with my real mom my real dad left when I was born and killed himself a few years ago so I never met him so I had one of my mom's old bf take care of me he took care of me the entire time he was with my mom and him and her had my sister so he stayed for a bit then they got into fights frequently and decided to split so he moved 15 mins out of town and decided we could visit on weekends a couple years of doing that my mom let herself go bouncing from relationship to relationship and she let her house get messy without cleaning it for months. me and my sister ended up getting sick alot. so my sister's dad decided that I was old enough to decide that I could live with him and his new wife if I desired to. so I did I moved 15 mins out of town and went to the same school and everything. they would drive me every morning and pick me up when school ended. they never complained about it until lately. by this time I came out of my shell and was becoming social I even got a girlfriend who I'm still with now. but then my "step parents" decided it cost to much and told me I was going to switch to a different school and take a bus without asking me they just decided it. I thought that I should have an opinion on where I should go to school and I wanted to stay where I was because all my friends are there and I wanted to keep those relationships. they didn't like thay, they don't think I should have my own opinion and decide that if I really wanted to go to school there I would have to move back to town and live with my mom again or find somewhere else to live. after a whole night of arguing and crying they decided there kicking me out at the end of the week. even if I have a place to stay or not. they will be taking my phone because I'm not paying for it. idk what to do. they kept on blaming me for all this. it's making me fucking depressed idk what to do. I want to stay and love life with my girlfriend and other friends but then again I feel like I cause alot of trouble and would be better off if I wasn't here to bother anyone. I just idk I don't know what to do and I can't sleep and just everything...