Multiple mental illnesses. Is it going to get better?This is my first time here and I'm not sure I'm posting in the right place. I don't want to kill myself but I don't know what else to do. I guess I want advice and reassurance.

In addition to depression, I have anxiety, CPTSD, ADHD, and autism.

I feel like the world wants people like me to not exist. I feel like there are no structures in place that work for me and I don't know what to do. I know how people without my issues could handle things but it feels impossible for me. even the "this is how people with autism can do x" advices don't work because I also have y and z

Like nutrient deficiencies. I know everyone is like 'one of the first things you should do is make sure you're eating well' and it's like OK great! Tell that to my executive functioning. People without executive functioning issues don't have to think about this stuff, but I can barely heat up leftovers. Vitamins are out because for some fucking reason companies always make their pills enormous and chalky and I can't handle it. They're also so expensive.

I don't have a job or insurance. I can't drive. Applying for government assistance is so stupidly complicated. I almost never understand what the hell people mean when they give me instructions.  I know they make it hard on purpose because theyre afraid of people abusing the welfare system, but it's like... it's really more important to you to avoid sharing unnecessarily than to get help to the people who need it? really? 

it connects to how I can't relate to most other people. I don't understand why so many people in the world are so selfish. I don't understand why people litter for example. You don't live in a vacuum, we have to share this world and its resources whether you like it or not. How can people not understand this? And believe me, I'd rather not share this world if it's gonna be ruined by selfish assholes. (to be clear I'm not saying "eat the rich" or whatever, I'm saying "help your neighbor afford their insulin instead of buying a 4th fucking house)

i feel like nobody understands and nobody can give me advice because as I said, their advice doesn't apply to me because of my various issues.  I feel like the people who try to help me w/ depression don't know what to do w/ my autism, etc. like when I was in hospital for example they put me in a creaky echoey loud as hell room with two strangers for roommates. 

I've gotten "better" before and every time I thought I was better I've just gotten worse again. my only full time job I've had I had to quit after a few months and go to a mental hospital because it was stressing me out too much. I've applied to probably a few hundred full time jobs over the last several years, gotten interviews at exactly 3 so I took this job offer even 5hiugh I didn't think I could handle it because it offered health insurance. and the hospital bill even after the health insurance was more money than I'd saved up 5he whole time I was working this job. and it's like I did everything right!! I had a job and insurance and I still got fucked. 

i just feel like there is no way someone like me can have a good life in a world like this. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't know how I'm supposed to get help. I can't get therapy without money and I can't get money w/o a job or govt help.

my wife is equally mentally ill - she has all of my diagnoses + OCD. and I so want to be strong for her, I want her to be able to depend on me, or at least not have to worry about me being depressed. sometimes I cry because I think she's mad at me or whatever and then I feel terrible because I feel like I'm manipulating her into not showing she's upset but that just makes me feel worse and cry more. when she tries to comfort me I feel guilty for making her worry but when she gives me space I think she's mad at me and I feel guilty for making her mad at me. there's no way for me to win. normally she's incredible, she is so spuportive and understanding, she *gets it* in a way no partner ever has and she feels the same way about me. but I've read and experienced that depressed people bring around each other can make both of their depression worse and I don't want to hurt her by being around her.


she applied for the govt health insurance for both of us, thank the stars for that. we went to the social services Dept and got told we had to apply online unless you're over65 or disabled and I just broke down and cried in the social services building. I have evidence of being disabled but she doesn't because she was without insurance for a long time and her previous doctor won't give her the damn paperwork without seeing her but he can't fucking see her because she doesn't have insurance! like this is what I'm talki G about, about people like us getting completely left behind.

she has health problems too. right before our insurance ran out the last time she was in the process of getting a referral to a neurologist because she's been having seizures and other neurological issues.

anyway everything sucks.  please help me find how to make it not suck. thanks.