I'm addicted to someone and I don't think i can live without himThe backstory stretched really long and it's not that necessary to know so i'll mark the spot when real important stuff begins



Three years ago when i was 13 and got into 7th grade. I didn't have any friends in my class. The only one i knew was my "Friend" who was quite mentally abusive. He would act as if he was my friend but then he would start doing stuff like pressuring me and doing constant little bullying and if i said anything he would just play it off as if it was just friendly teasing. This kept going for about half a year. I had never had many friends and had always been really unconfident. But now i didn't have anyone to talk to. I knew i should have cut ties with him but i felt i couldn't make any new friends if i lost him since i was socially awkward and introverted. I was really desperate and i would cry every evening. I always had loving parents but they cant replace social interaction.
     Then i grew the balls to get rid of him. And i felt crushed. I lost all positive social interaction for a month. I had no friends I was socially awkward, I wasn't into sports and my only intrest was League of Legends.
       I decided that i would end it. I knew that the house would be empty in about two months. I had decided the method and written the suicide notes. I realized i had two months left and no reason to live. I decided that i would start hunting for a reason to live. Another disappointment. I got myself a GF but realized i didn't really love her but rather the idea of love. I explained the situation to her apart from the suicide part. 
12 into doomday and i was standing in line to get dinner in school. Before me was my childhood friend with his 2 friends. I wasn't confident in approaching him since i didn't knew what was his intrests were. But then i overheard them talking about LoL (the game i played). I got the courage and went up to them. They accepted me into the group immidiately. That was the best day in my life. I got into a group of 7 gamers and life was smiling. I was still depressed but i didn't want to end it anymore.
.                                                                                                                            .                                                           
.                                                                                                                     .
.        
TLDR: I was lonely, felt suicidal, found new friends and gave life another try                                                                                                              
This is where the backstory ends and my actual problem starts


So I have been with the same group of friends i got for 3 years now and i'm still happy. But I've noticed that I'm addicted to one of the two friends of my childhood friend i mentioned in backstory. I got a bit closer to him and we would share some things that we wouldn't with the others. I thought being close like that was okay. I discovered and accepted that i was a bisexual male and felt romantic and sexual attraction towards him and thought that it was normal since he was my type (of which he or none of my other friends know). But recently I've noticed that I can't live without him. I get really depressed when i can't talk to him but if it's anyone other that's missing for a while then I barely notice. I manipulate others of our group of friends so that he would like me more. Its really scary since i don't know what will happen if i lose him. I know that it's not healthy having your mental stability rely on one person. I can't even tell him because just how can i tell to someone that they are the only one keeping me away from ending it. I know it's highly unlikely that we will be in touch almost daily for the rest of our lives. And I know that I can't live without him. I don't know what to do. I'm scared