Suicide vs suicidalI nearly took my life on Sunday. Grief has triggered another bout of depression and PTSD, but none of that is as hard as the invalidation, rejection, skepticism and criticism I’ve faced this week.

I was at crisis point and needed urgent attention. I went to the hospital for my own safety. I wanted to speak to a professional, and I wanted support from the acute care team to manage the intense and extremely overwhelming feelings I’m battling right now, rather than putting all of the pressure on my boyfriend. I wanted a doctor to oversee my medications and make sure I was taking the right ones to level out my mood, not just consuming one pill after another trying to numb myself. They turned me away even though I explicitly told them that I was at risk. My ‘treatment plan’ right now is a script for a benzo and a phone call every 3-4 days where I confirm I’m still feeling suicidal and all they say is ‘we’ll call you in again in another few days’.

This is not the first time this has happened and it’s absolute bullshit. Again, I have been dismissed because I didn’t go through with it. I didn’t make an attempt. I did the right thing, I did what I’ve been taught to do after years of therapy - I asked for help. I do not feel like I was taken seriously.

I am at the point where I wonder why I would even ask for help anymore? How many other people have experienced this and lost hope because they felt like no one believed them or cared? How many lives could have been saved? 

At the moment, I cry all of the time and I sit in my car and scream. I don’t sleep or eat enough. I’ve stopped doing the things I enjoy and I typically avoid seeing people. I try to spend a lot of time alone so that I don’t bring others down. I am in so much pain. I’ve been as strong as I can be, but the cracks in my facade are starting to appear. I’ve been scared of sharing how I’m feeling because I don’t want anyone to think they could have helped me but ‘missed the signs’. The reality is that I feel like a burden, unvalued and unworthy of love. I feel invisible. I feel embarrassed and ashamed. I know that these feelings will pass, I’m just not sure how or when. All I want is help and I can’t be the only one.

This isn’t a cry for attention, I’m angry and I want to make a point.
 
This is me begging you to take someone seriously if you notice something is wrong and ESPECIALLY if they reach out for help. DON’T EVER underestimate how difficult it is for someone to speak up! It takes a lot of courage, strength and vulnerability to do so. Don’t wait until it’s too late.

I’d like to add that this is my personal experience and I’m not discouraging anyone from seeking help from a hospital or healthcare professional if you need it. Every single person has a right to be treated and deserves to be heard. This is just my story.