3/28 happy/sad dayToday was a normal school day, was extremely sleepy because i got almost no sleep yesterday. I think im not going to sleep either today, i have 2 tests coming up tmr. I had no major triggers, and it was a fairly calm and enjoyable day. Dont have many of those. However, after school, a good girl friend that ive known for two years asked me out for prom. I dont think ive ever felt thay appreciated and loved in such a long time. We both know that the prom thing isnt like because we want to date each other, marry each other, etc. It was just as a friend thing, which made me feel even better that i have friends that sould do that. Now it did feel just a bit extrs becaude we re only in our sophomore year, but hey, im not complaining. 

Ive always said how prom is a waste of money and time, and i still hold to that standard, but i guess i have to actually care a bit. Also i know i have 2 other guy friends going to prom to, so i wont feel alone.

So something thats been really bothering me for the past 1 and a half years. Something called hyperhidrosis, or excessive sweating. Its exactly as it sounds, and its the most annoying and embarrassing thing ever. You get this condition by a whole bunch of factors, but i think my reason for havinf this is because im just a little slightly overweight, and i have depression and anxiety/panic attacks

How excessive sweating works is lets say you have two people that are exactly the same, but one has excessive swesting and the other doesnt. They both run a mile. Maybe a quarter way in, the person with excessive sweating will start swesting, while the other person might sweat 75% of thr way in, or barely break a sweat. We sweat a lot more easily through physical activities, which is fine, a  bit irritating and embarrassing. 

However, any minor anxiety/panic attacks can induce a fuck ton of sweat. Lets say its math class and i think i forgot to do the homework. I start to get nervous and my back starts sweating and my forehead as well. Little things like that can make my entire back/shirt drenched with sweat. Also, if its just a little too hot, that can also cause a lot of sweating. Anyone else have this problem? 