I don't know how to be aloneI'm getting divorced. I'm not upset about the divorce. I don't love him anymore. But I'm shattered. Because now that he's not in my life, I realize how alone I really am. 

Yeah, I've made friends already -- people at work that I get along with really well. I started "dating," even though that's not the proper word for it. Friends with benefits would be more accurate, which breaks my heart because, yanno, I feel things way too deeply and fell in love with him and he doesn't feel the same. But that's a completely different issue. 

But I'm still so lonely. Because I'm realizing that I need to be needed. I *need* it, otherwise I feel like I'm a waste of space. Sure, people care about me and want me around. But if I were gone, would anyone be lost without me? Would anyone cry themselves to sleep because they need to see me, touch me, hold me, and can't? 

No. No one would. Because I'm just convenient. I'm the person people go to when they have no one else. I'm everyone's backup, but no one's priority. It was even like that in my marriage. I didn't realize it at the time, but now it's painfully clear. 

And I don't know how to live like this. I don't know how to be by myself and know that I'm totally, completely, utterly alone. I don't know how to see value in myself when no one else can see it. 

I try to occupy my time. Spend time with me. Go for walks or lunch or shopping. I spend time with my work friends. I spend time with the guy I'm seeing. But no one is ever really there for me. They all have someone else. A significant other, a child, a friend. And when I really, really need them, they aren't there. Part of me knows I should just drop them. Because if they can't be there for me when I need help then they aren't good friends. But right now, I'll take bad friends over no friends at all. 

But then I look stupid. Because I throw out help lines. Little hints that, hey, I'm not okay. I need you. And when they go unnoticed, I make it more obvious. When someone finally takes the bait and I open up, I feel like a burden. Like they just wish I'd shut up so they can deal with their own lives and not worry about me. 

So what's the fucking point? Why am I here? No one needs me. I have nothing going for me. So just fucking quit. Give up. Just die. Because why not? Why do I have to put myself through this torture? Living isn't that fucking great. It's stressful and it's empty, and I'm done. I'm tired and I'm broken and I'm just fucking done. 

I'm done. 