Parents driving me to suicideI dont even know why I am writing this, I guess I just want to put my thoughts out there. I am 17 and I will be 18 in 2 weeks which I guess is why I keep going. My parents are very emotionally abusive and my mom, although it wasn't as extreme as it is for other people, was physically abusive as well. My mom is bullying me everyday, telling me how worthless I am, how I wont be able to ever succeed etc. There are times when she is acting like a normal and kind person but she is more cruel than she is kind to me. I also have multiple chronic illnesses and while she is not doing it as much anymore, in the past she would yell at me for taking my medicine or for doing the daily testing I need to do. We don't have money issues but she would always get crazy and yell at me for hours because she didn't want to spend money for my medicine, even though we receive so much money from the government to be able to pay for it and she is also employed as my care-taker. She would also yell a lot at me to stop taking my medicine because she doesn't like the smell of it even if I went to another room. She still does these things some days but not as much, but regardless she only stopped recently and it went on for so long that I dont think Ill ever be able to get over it. She also chooses to sleep with me in my bed and I don't have enough space because of her and she constantly wakes me up with her snoring in the middle of the night and when I need to take my medicine during the night she starts bullying me and then I cannot fall asleep. She's done so many others things to fuck up my life. As a younger kid her and my dad wouldn't allow me to talk to anyone after school. My mom would wait for me at the gate, take me home and isolate me. I wouldnt be able to chat online with them very often because my mom would yell Im too loud with my keyboard and on the phone they would yell at me for talking because they were watching TV in the other room. I would always try to be as quiet as possible but obviously I dont think me being loud was the problem. They probably just wanted to have control over me. I was also never allowed to leave the house and when I was she would come and annoy the other kids until they would go away from me. She never allowed me to take up any hobbies, because she didnt want to spend money on that stuff, so I wasnt very interesting. Thats why she taught me how to lie and encouraged me to do so, so I would look more interesting. This led to my classmates bullying me. I changed schools at one point but the isolation I went through rendered me unable to talk to new people and it was especially hard to include myself into a group where everyone was already so close. I got bullied even worse there. In my last year of middle school I developed severe depression. My breaking point was when a classmate started taunting me and threw a chair at me. I became terrified and just couldn't understand how those people could hate me so much. I talked to a counselor the same day cause I couldnt stopped crying and I couldnt move from the pain the depression caused me. However, for some reason the counselor made me feel even worse because she acted as if I were stupid to be so depressed and it made me feel even more worthless. I started self harming afterwards. My left arm was so full of scars and one day my mom grabbed my arm and she felt a scab and thats when she found out about that. She started yelling at me and raging and made me feel even worse and that made me too afraid to self harm anymore. I started trying to hide my depression because my mom would yell at me when I would be sad and I also started dating my boyfriend. It wasnt a good relationship in the first few months but afterwards it turned into an amazing relationship which is still going on today. Being with him made it easier for me to ignore the bullying at home. I started becoming more sociable and I would also read a lot of psychology related things which helped me recover a little bit and helped me understand the human mind and other people more easily. Today I find it easy to talk to people, I am not socially anxious or awkward anymore and in my mind I know that I am worthy of happiness and that I have qualities that will ensure me a bright future. But at the same time, recently I fell back into the depression hole. As I said in the beginning I am still bullied at home a lot. Ive gotten myself a job and my boyfriend did too and together we are going to move out soon. Its not far from now, but I am so depressed that I feel like I dont have the patience anymore. I am constantly thinking suicide. I dont do it though because I know that I dont want to die, I just want to stop feeling this pain. However, I am afraid of what might happen in a moment of poor judgement. Because of my depression my illnesses are in a very bad state and it makes me feel even worse. Im also so sad when I see my boyfriend so confused about me, trying to understand. I keep telling him that he doesn't have to understand, that its too complex to be understood but he still doesn't get it. I can see that lately he's been feeling frustrated with me, even though he doesn't show it and it makes me feel like a burden. Yesterday one of my conditions flared up and I was suddenly confused and dizzy and angry. Everything was a haze and I remember really wanting to cross the street. I couldn't see the car rushing towards me and I remember my boyfriend yelling in fear. Luckily the car did not hit me but I was so confused at the moment I didnt realise what happened and I was upset with my boyfriend because he yelled at me. After my symptoms cleared up I started to realise what went on and I apologized profunsely but I just cannot imagine how frustrating it must be for my dear boyfriend. I am so sad I am doing this to him. Remembering these moments I just start feeling such an intense desire to end my life. Its everything I can think of is how I could do the deed and the urge is so hard to resist. In the past weeks I started self harming again and whenever I see the scars I feel so guilty. I dont know what to do for now. When I think of leaving my home or when I spend extended periods of time very far away from my home I feel like a thousand pounds has been lifted off my shoulders. I feel like I am leaving a dark tunnel and reaching the light. But I dont know what to do until I can leave for good. I am confident that Ill find it way easier to cope when I finally leave, but until then I dont know what to do to keep myself alive. I am spending as much time as I can away from home, but then when I come back and my mom and dad start yelling at me I feel so trapped. Half an hour ago my mom started yelling and berating me again and Ive self harmed again which makes me feel so upset. Feeling so hopeless.
I think this is too long and all over the place but I just wanted to talk to someone about this all and see what others think I could do in this situation. Thank you so much for reading. 