I ruined my life by just trying to escape... (X-Post from r/confession)TL;DR: I ruined my life by just wanting to escape using excuse after excuse, and I'm crying in the storm I created by my own mistakes.

\*\*\*\*

In college, some of the people from my old career (a couple of them are people I had a conflict with) are befriending the new friends I made on the new one...

Two days ago I realized that... No matter where I go, no matter what I do, I won't be able to escape anymore...

And I'm paying the price for my selfishness right now... I'm pretty sure of that.

Posted here with a Throwaway account a few weeks ago, but this time I'm not afraid to do it with my real account...

I was a selfish person, because I wanted people to befriend me, and if they didn't want to, I'd get sad and depressed because of it... But I didn't express it directly, instead, I swallowed it...

I felt envy and jealousness when other people could just talk to another one and befriend them easily, while no matter what I did, no matter how much I showed them that I cared, they didn't want to get closer...

I didn't understood it back then, but I think I do now...

To partially quote something from the blog: "Into the Wasteland".

People can't bond with others from a place of fear, which is the root of pathological altruism lies... People who are disconnected with themselves just feel shame, and will do anything to fill that void...

Instead, people who are connected with themselves, they get what they want just by existing, they don't have to do anything else...

When I was talking with one of my best friends and a college friend after class, I talked with many people from my old career, and when I thought they would ignore me or just pass by, they talked to me, but I wondered...

Why could I never create a bond with them? It was because I never tried to.

I never tried to take the risk to meet a new person, I thought that if I did what I used to do in high school (helping/supporting people), they would know that I cared and we could be friends, but in the end, that didn't work...

Because I didn't knew how to befriend someone whom I didn't share common interests... Except by trying to help.

Deep inside, I was deeply terrified by rejection, by being hurt again, or by being left behind... It was true, I was bullied in high school, but I kept using that as an excuse, saying that my problems came from that, but I didn't do anything to move on... Instead, I chained myself to my past, to avoid moving on...

And that took a heavy toll.

Three years post graduation, and I have lost a lot of things...

My father was revealed to be a selfish womanizer who only cared about himself, used us for support and then tossed us when he didn't need us anymore, wanting to be with his lover instead.

I lost many friendships I had with people, either because we both moved on, or because I made a mistake and that made it fade away even faster...

But I think I understand why it happened... People want a strong friend, someone who can stand up for what they want, someone whom they can share secrets... And someone with high self-esteem and ambitions... Not a weak person, who lacks any strength of will and ambition, only caring for others and little to not at all for himself...

I just kept looking for excuses after excuses, I kept isolating myself even when I had chances to not do so... And now, I guess it's far too late...

The final nail in the coffin... And the worst mistake I have made in my life so far, was apparently knowing that I have a small bit of Asperger... And telling people like it was nothing.

By telling people, some of them treat me like I'm a special snowflake (being treated like a kid, just with small talk), others with pity (like telling me they're proud of me or applauding me for every single thing I do), and others as a joke (not taking me seriously, being rude) and others just for favors (lend me something, help me with this stuff, could you do me a favor?). And things like that.

I understand why I started to lose things, because I was, and STILL AM, a goddamn coward who didn't have the guts to fight against the world, and instead wanted to escape.

I never stood up against bullies because I was afraid, I never defended myself because I was afraid, almost everything was because I was afraid...

But still... The one thing I know that I truly have, is the desire to prevent people from suffering the same way I did... I hope for god's sake this ideal I have is real...

The worst thing of all is... I've been thinking that I'm tired, and just wanting to be in peace... But I know I don't deserve it.

There are people out there, who feel like this but they didn't do anything to deserve it, unlike me. I had a good life (not perfect, but still good), and I destroyed most of it...

I have made just so many mistakes I can't forgive myself that easily... Knowing that there's something terribly wrong with me, that no matter what I do, my past will still haunt me...

For that... I apologize.

I'm sorry... My family and friends, for all the mistakes I've ever made, for not valuing the life I had, for thinking things would never change, for looking out excuses after excuses...

Also, I'm sorry... To all the people I annoyed, to all the people I disappointed, to all the people I made promises I couldn't fulfill... I'm sorry for feeling depressed and suicidal, despite it was my own doing...

Even so, I will try to do my best to fix this, and to fight for my family and the friends I still have... I won't give up until I lose every single thing I have...

Don't want to be rude with anyone but, please, don't tell me that it's not my fault and is others, or that what I think matters more than others...

I want to learn the truth, even if I need to get tough love, because I can't stand this anymore...