I hate my dad.Hi Reddit users!

My first post and last. 

The year is 1998 and I was 8 years old, I was a really happy kid and I had alot of friends, some which I still have today. I was outside alot playing with friends, throwing rocks at cars, burning stuff in the woods, you know, stuff you did 1998. 
2001 my mom and dad started to fight alot, at night, during the day and they eventually divorced. Me and my brother started to slip apart and we fought alot for many years to come. 

My parents got split custody and shared us kids each week for a month or so untill I wasn't allowed at my dad's place (5min walk from mom's apartment) it was really frustrating since my older brother was there alot and I couldn't be. 
Few weeks after this none of us was allowed there. I was mad at my mom and my brother since I wasn't able to see my dad anymore. 
I spent alot of time with my friends, I was basiclly outside after school untill bedtime, ate at friends house and sleept there alot. Feelt good, like a real family. 

During this period me and my brother were arch nemesis and we fist fought 
alot but he was always a bit stronger but I was faster so I could outrun that fucker. Teased him alot since he was a slow learner, he couldn't even read well when he was 11 and I learned to read fluently when I was 5.
He hit me alot tho, often in the face with a closed fist, but when I think back about it I really deserved it. 
Started to lack intrest of school since I didn't feel I learned anything and I told the teacher this and she took me to the back of the class and yelled at me. She told me to learn to not to talk back to the teacher. Bitch.

My dad's birthday was today and I made a card at home saying happy birthday, I tried calling him to ask if he was home but no anwser so I left a message were I said happy birthday. I then when outside and walked to his place and I spotted him 
trough the window so I got really happy he was home, knocked on the door but noone opened. I yelled trough the mailbox but he didn't open so I ripped the card and threw it down the mailbox on the door and ran back home really sad.

2002, still no words from dad. My grandparents called my school and told my teacher's that something had happend and said to them to tell me to visit my dad's place after school and when I got there my brother, grandparents were there and my dad
but he was laying in bed all white/gray'ish.. dead. They said it was some sort of cancer, didn't really care then since he hadn't bothered to call or anything for almost a year.
Next day my classmates asked what happend yesterday and I told them that my dad was dead and a girl asked why I wasn't sad and if I didn't love him - said I don't care about him. 

2017 I still feel broken but I repaired the relationship with my brother a little bit and he told me that he was mad at dad for not letting me stay there and my dad said that I was a shitty kid not behaving well so my brother hit him and after that 
he wasn't allowed there either. I still remember moments from school when I got in trouble with older kids that he came and fought for me. 
One time someone bullied me and I stood up for myself and he brought all his friends to watch us fight. We fought and I was losing but my brother came running with his tall basketball friends and they beat up the kid and all his fucking friends. 
I still didn't like my brother at this time but atleast he had my back when I didn't have his. 

I cry when I write this, I cry when I think about my dad and I cry on the inside when I hear my friends yap about that they don't like their dads, atleast they got one. 