[Update #2} I think it's about time(should I move these to some other /r or is it OK to do this update here?)

EDIT: I had an update that disappeared into the aether so here it is again plus a bit more. 

Suicide risk for me as self-measured has decreased. My therapist has taken my latest inputs and provided a new path down which to go working. I need to figure out who I am. As an Aspie I lie, deliberately or not, to everyone. I hide things from everyone, including him. He was emotional during this session, and by that his voice actually went off of his usual monotone. But the Aspie bit has me hiding and lying to everyone. About everything. So because I'm always trying to not get rejected for saying the wrong thing (amongst other reasons) I never have created fully formed opinions on things. And everyone I interact with is interacting with a fraud.

Oh wow sounds a lot like how things are for a closeted gay guy, eh? So that's part of the problem - is this hiding the Aspie or the gay causing the hiding? What if the Aspie hiding has spilled over into sexuality and maybe I hid being hetero so the only outlet I could conceive was homo? Maybe I hid homo under two layers? Maybe something else?

It's just really difficult to tell under all these layers and layers of acts and lies who I am. But my act at my workplace gets me good performance reviews with phrases like I'm very polite and gracious. Well, no, that's just me putting on the most inoffensive mannered false front act I can possibly to avoid any trouble, and it's very tough to do.

So therapist and I (he's Cognitive Behavioral Therapy based if that means anything to anyone) think that at my work place I need to self-disclose as Aspie. Discard that layer of the onion. My workplace, and my manager, are *heavy* into building relationships (very NT stuff) which I'm sucking at, so a non-trivial part of my job evaluation each year is how well I do the one thing an Aspie has the most difficulty doing. 

The gay thing would be an issue he and I would work on in parallel in sessions. 

If anyone has questions about any of this I'll be glad to answer. I've been told discussions like these should take place here and not in PM, so I'll be glad to do that. I'm using a throwaway account obviously, so I'll not share out any info that can be used to pinpoint me. 

So for now I've scaled back procuring items for my plans. I still have them, but they're now in the back of my mind while I pursue these other options.

Thanks for reading I'll keep advised. 



