Cornered.. alone.. out of options.I have an irrational fear of anger. It probably stems from the explosive anger I had to deal with from my step-dad wrecking the house, having to call the police on him, constantly listening to my mother cry, them fighting, etc. I think as a result, I'm afraid of making anyone else angry.

So why am I posting here? Back in August, I signed a lease for the first time (I'm 23 years old, if that even matters). I had worked at a Tom Thumb for almost 2 years, 20 miles from where I got the new place. Got a 3 bedroom with two friends of mine for a low price, things had been great at first. A month after we moved in, just before my 23rd birthday, my car's transmission went out. I wasn't making enough money to save money up to get a new transmission or the labor involved AND pay bills. Within a month the apartment complex towed the dead car, and I've been without a car since.

The store I worked at was one of the busiest in the district, and declining (as a company) due to the recession. Transferring to a closer store wasn't an option, and I could almost never hitch rides to 20 miles from where I'm at. And no, public transportation isn't an option in a lot of parts of the Dallas metroplex. Eventually I had to quit. On the upside, I got a job from an online friend doing pixel art, and then was promised a programming job under my friend's dad. Except until last night, that never even started. It took months. Last night, however, I found out that even at $25/hr, I'd only be getting 5-15 hours a week, if even that. So overall, I've had no income for quite some time, and have had no money. What money I did spend, was on cigarettes, because that's a major outlet for my chronic depression and handling of stress.

Now, where does the fear of anger come in? My roommate, who is one of my best friends. The past month or two I've been ever-so-close to being late on paying bills because of my unstable income. We've still got 3 more months on the lease, and the pixel art job? Well, again that was a weak amount of hours, so again.. little to no income.

I have $10 to my name, and owe $350 toward the rent. Both of my roommates work basic retail jobs AND are fulltime students. Me? I'm pathetic. I'm a highly intelligent guy trying to make my way into the world as a game developer and have had awards for some of my works, yet in the end I've amounted to nothing. I have no car, no job, no money, no college credits, no family I even talk to except my older sister, I'm stuck on a lease, and I'm deathly afraid of my roommate's reaction when he finds out I really don't have any money at all. I don't know what to do. I feel useless in this fucked up world.

Any friends whom may have been able to help lend me money can't because they're also broke, though not as bad as what I'm in. I can't take out a loan from a bank or anything because I don't have recent paychecks to show that amount to &gt;$1k/month. To top it off, I spent my free time recently smoking weed that my roommate's friend left behind to deal with the stress in knowing that this was going to happen. That means I'll fail a drug test if I tried to get a job any time soon. I've fucked up in so many ways that I seriously have no idea what the hell I'm going to do except just end it all.

As I finish typing this, there's a giant knife twice the length of my hand sitting on my desk. I spent time looking up articles on quick ways to die, how to do it, what to expect. All that's left is the action, and I'm probably too pathetic to even do that. I've been so frozen with fear on making any decision at all any more that I don't even think I'm the same person I used to be. I just don't know. All I know is I've spent the past week contemplating it, and after fully figuring out how screwed I am and may end up having us evicted because of my lack of income, and having to deal with his anger, I just want it to be all over with.