the best life has to offerI got diagnosed with bipolar and depression when I was 8. it made sense at the time, I had a pretty shitty life. fortunately since I'm canadian therapy and meds were free. unfortunately the only thing therapy ever did for me was make me aware of the fact that suicide was a thing and i never stopped thinking about it since. my meds didnt do much so they stopped giving them to me after a while. no one knew what the fuck was wrong with me. I didnt know anything either, all i knew was that i didnt want to live. the only thing that kept me going was what my doctor would always say:

"don't leave a situation before making sure you've seen it all. don't kill yourself before your sure you've lived your life to the fullest"

this part might sound like the hopeful part but it's not. life got a lot less shitty over time. I'm 17 now. I'm more than sure I've seen the best life has to offer. my family loves me very much, we have more than enough money, I have lots of friends, I can almost get any guy that I want if I try, I'm healthy, and when i look at the life other people around me are living..I realize how lucky I am. It really can't get any better than this

but I'm still miserable, even more maybe. I don't care about money, I don't care about my friends or any people, I don't want to deal with the responsibility of my family loving me. no one still knows what the fuck is wrong with me, I still dont know anything and I still don't want to live. maybe life's just never meant for some people? theres always a error, mutation in at least one of the models of anything to ever exist.

so I thought I was off the hook, I could kill myself without any regrets...but I couldnt do it.

I went to the bridge last week and maybe stood there for an hour and went back home. I can't commit to a thing can I? I think what was stopping me was the fear of being wrong. what if I'm biased? what if im too young to know what a good life is? what if I dont actually want to die because then I wouldnt have put it off for 17 years?

so I'm here...reddit, am I wrong?