Nearing the end of my ropeI do not want to kill myself at all. I want to be back to normal, but I also don't feel I can compromise and live life the way I am now.

I'm not sure how to explain it, but I was on Zoloft for a couple of weeks (not long at all, and at a low dose) but it broke me down to paste. I mean shattered my mind. I was a successful, confident, and happy person for years. My life has started to hit some severe obstacles but I always saw them as something that were temporary and I would easily be able to overcome. Even as I type this I feel some sort of hope in just saying that. But now, the anxiety, depression, OCD, disturbing thoughts... all this stuff that started when I took those pills has devoured me. I can't handle it anymore! For context, before I took Zoloft I'd had maybe 1-2 mild panic attacks about guilt / shame related to mistakes I've made when I was younger (that my therapists have told me were no big deal at all) and a dumb event that happened recently involving my computer. I won't go into details but I handled it 100% the proper way with the authorities, I was found to be not at fault / did nothing wrong, and that was that. It would've been easy to move on from but I was convinced by some friends to ask a psychiatrist about an antidepressant, they said it would help give me the edge I needed to really kickstart my life back into place. I'd never tried medication so I thought why not? It'll take 6 weeks to take effect, won't feel any different until then, and if it's not good I just come off of it and go back to normal. I was so wrong. Within 2 days I was vomiting, shaking, having terribly weird thoughts and feelings. My libido was off the charts but anytime I felt anything arousing I was consumed with guilt and shame for absolutely no reason. I would lay in bed shaking or fly off the handle with anger at nothing. I became suicidal and couldn't take it anymore. I had the foresight to have my gun removed prior to taking the meds, but if I hadn't I'd have probably shot myself. I finally got a hold of my psych and she told me to taper off, so I did exactly as she told me to. I expected to be back to normal in a week or so, as the doc and everyone said, but instead it's been about a month and a half of getting worse and worse and worse. I can't handle it anymore. I can't do anything anymore. Life stressors are now too much to handle, I can't work, I can barely eat, I can't take it anymore. I'm finally ready to give up. My mind has been working against me for so long I have no energy left. I would often get anxious, like really anxious, for no reason. Then the thoughts would start, and attach themselves to the anxiety. Before it was "oh remember when you did this embarrassing or weird thing in 2013" but now it's "what if you were born a pedophile, or forced to look at inappropriate pictures of children? What if you had a compulsion to google that and get in trouble with the fbi?" or "what if you killed someone innocent on iraq and didn't know it? What if you were a killer and murderer?" And it's nonstop. From the minute I wake up till the minute I go to sleep, I have not felt at ease since before I took the pills. I get so afraid I've done something wrong even though I haven't done anything, that my brain starts inventing "what if" scenarios. Well what IF you did this, what IF you crashed your car into a building? etc.

It's always things that would horrify or scar me forever, or things that I am so vehemently opposed to or disgusted by. It's rarely if ever me feeling guilty about things I've done like bullying someone when I was a teenager or ghosting a girl I was talking to 6-7 years ago for no reason. It's made up shit that has no sense to it. And it's driving me insane. If I go to the ER they'll just make it worse with more drugs then dump me back on the street. My social worker and psychiatrist won't help me at all. I asked to go to a residential care facility but no one will listen to me. 

So, all in all my point is that I can't take life anymore. Before I took these pills none of these thoughts had EVER crossed my mind, including suicide. Now, over a month later on 0 doses, I still have all the side effects plus more. I can't get the metal taste our of my mouth. I can't stop the insane weird thoughts. I can't stop this feeling like "it's inevitable" that I die or do something wrong. I just want it to be over.