Y'all ignored me a few days ago, just a few days left now, I need someone to show me there's another option.I'm unemployed and apparently unemployable. I graduated from college a year ago. I graduated from a respected university with like a 3.65, worked while in school, generally did everything right. Didn't even take out too much debt. I've been unemployed for a year now and can't find anything. Really anything. I can't get a call back from temp agencies. My family isn't very supportive and I'm tired of living with people who don't want me there. Even if I could get a job a McDonalds I wouldn't be able to support myself or have much hope for a better future.

A year ago I didn't kill myself because someone pointed out that I was about to graduate and there would be new opportunities for me to be more secure and build a better life, but that was just a well-intentioned lie that clearly didn't happen.

Medication has never really helped me. I've tried every medication you've heard of and some you haven't and none of them helped. I visited a psychiatrist again a few months ago but they have nothing new to offer me. I even shelled out the money to try Abilify, which is new, but it can't fix my situation. CBT helps me with some things but I don't think it can deal with an objectively hopeless situation. I got this last interview because my mom knew someone at the company; it's the first one I've had in a long, long time. It's not as though waiting any more will do any good, since every passing day makes me more unemployable.

I don't think there's anything anyone can say to me. No one I know has any suggestions and they can only offer palpable lies. How, when I have not had a genuine interview in months, and when I grow less desirable by the day, can I believe that things will suddenly turn around? The last interview I had prior to the one I'm holding out hope for they were mocking me. That sounds crazy but I know it's true; especially because they were mocking other candidates when I was in there. That's how low things are, my minimal hopes for a lower middle class existence are worthy of ridicule.

I'm looking for a way out of how things are right now. I don't see one and no one I know has been able to give me any answers. I hope someone here can.
