I was told to move this from r/teenagers to here. I don't think living is worth it anymore.I feel like absolute shit and want to die. Here's some backstory you'll need; grab some popcorn and settle in, this is a long one. Throwaway account because schoolmates know my account.

Backstory: I live and go to school in a wealthy town. I come from a decently wealthy family as well. I'm a sophomore in an extremely competitive school; we're in the top 30 high schools in our state. Almost everybody takes AP classes and gets a 4.0+ GPA while being the model student: EC's are insane, they have a good social life, Stanford internships, etc. Since the town is wealthy while being in a technologically advanced area, a lot of people drive Teslas (important later in the story).

Here's where the "fun" begins. All through elementary and middle school, I was a good student. I'm involved in music, volunteering, and the works. I got good grades and made my parents proud. I was not really prude about my scores, but I was an annoying kid. I did things that looking back on, were cringey and I shouldn't have done (nothing malicious, just r/blunderyears material). Freshman year, my grades tanked. I couldn't handle shit, and I was honestly a clown. I degraded myself publicly, and didn't try in a lot of my classes. I didn't have friends at all, my friends from middle school went to the other high school in town due to school-zoning. My downfall, worst of all, was public. People from the other middle school that fed our high school knew of me, and I got snide comments throughout the year from teachers as well as schoolmates. I didn't approach my parents at all; I didn't want to talk to them at all and I budgeted my time all wrong. I kept on being a clown, making fun of myself and just generally being untasteful. It wasn't until my parents threatened to cut my music lessons and program participation that I started to realise how far gone I was. By then, it was the end of freshman year, and I could do nothing about it. My grades were all terrible; when all my friends talked about how their report cards looked I kept silent and dreaded showing my grades to my parents. Needless to say, it didn't go well. I got enrolled into a college counseling program and tutoring in order to get my GPA up, but didn't address my mental health to my parents. First semester of this year, I didn't do well in either of the two AP Classes I was taking, AP Statistics and AP Chemistry. I kept my mouth shut to my friends at school about my grades, but my parents, I knew, were disappointed. I vowed to myself over winter break to get all A's in my classes by doing all the homework and studying more than I had been (which took 4-5+ hours a day after my extracurricular classes). I tried, and I didn't get results. By this point, I had been feeling worse and worse every day. My dreams of going to an Ivy-League college were already crushed freshman year and my dreams of going to my dream school were starting to be crushed too. I kept trying, and my grades started to change. My AP Chemistry grade started rising, and slowly, my AP Statistics grade started rising too. Even my non-AP classes, which I had done decently well in (all A's and B's both semesters), started to move up. I started to feel better about myself and even began to open up to my family. Until today. The hardest class in my schedule is 100% AP Chemistry. Our class average had been a 73% for the previous test, and I was happy that I got the average score (I usually score lower). We were taking powerpoint notes as the teacher lectured, and the topic was our last of the year (before the AP Exam): Electrochemistry. One slide talked about different types of batteries, and someone asked our teacher what type of batteries were in Teslas. Being relatively friendly with the teacher, I commented that there were too many Teslas in \[Town Name\]. Someone chimed in saying there are too many rich people in \[Town name\] and there was just general conversation about that for a minute. The topic then turned into the whole college admissions bribery scandal going around recently, and the teacher said that people who bribe their way into schools are taking away seats of people who worked hard. Somehow there was a general ruckus and people were saying that I wouldn't get into a school and would have to bribe my way in. I know they said it in a relatively joking manner, and I laughed along with them, but something inside me just snapped. I came home and I've sat down feeling like shit about myself. I know that what happened was completely my fault, but I don't feel confident about myself anymore and I genuinely just want to kill myself now. I have no friends and I just keep on making myself the clown who laughs at himself. I know that what happened was brought on by my previous actions but I don't think that I deserve however much shit I've had thrown at me in the last year and a half. Almost everybody I know has talked shit about me behind my back for my grades and life and people I thought I could trust could obviously not. My life has been a downward spiral and I seriously want to end it all.

Sorry for the long wall of text, I don't have anybody to talk to except Reddit.