I wrote a suicide note, but some part of me demanded I post it here before I set it up on a delayed send and go out to end it. I guess that's a healthy part. I'm sorry it's a bit of a novel but I don't see much reason to self-edit at this stage.I just want to say I’m sorry to my family. You didn’t cause this, or deserve this, because you didn’t deserve me. You deserved a child, and a sibling, who wouldn’t hurt you, or break your heart, or force you to feel an unnatural and unearned guilt, and I am not that child, not that sibling. You all did your absolute best, but the disease in me is beyond your powers.

I suppose I’m also sorry to any of my current friends I might hurt. You know this isn’t your fault either. You have been lights in my life. You are marvels, every one. I wish you so much happiness, and love, and success. 

I suppose I’m also sorry to my former friends, both those who rejected me in plain terms, and those who, I assume, either nurse an unspoken grievance or simply lost interest. Those for whom my novelty wore off before my virtues multiplied. I know I’ve resented you for it, but that resentment, I begin to realize, mostly only arose because I failed to understand you, needed so much from you that you were under no obligation to give, and in part that arose from a failure to understand myself. Some part of me still wants to spit poison at those I feel wronged me, but ‘I’ll show them’ is no proper motive for a suicide. I was never a particularly likeable girl, thinking clearly, and I was never particularly good at hiding the ugly and irritating features with which I am graced. I’m sorry I wasn’t who either of us wanted me to be.

And that’s the thing. I always really wanted to be liked by people, but for all the effort I put into it I failed more often than not. Of course, you can’t just try to be likeable, so I tried to be interesting, or clever, or generous, since those all seemed like things that might attract people, but I guess I just couldn’t get the hang of it. I lack some core capacity, some basic humanity which so many of you share. A deficient. And perhaps even if everybody liked me I would still feel this way, and whatever hurt goes deeper than any bandage woven by shared lagers and laughter can mend, and trying to fight my loneliness is only a kind of snake oil remedy. I don’t know. But finding myself such a miserable failure at all those things in I most desire, even need, certainly does, well. I’m sure you understand.

And I’m sorry to the trans community. I know it’s such a cliché. ‘Tranny can’t hack it, kills herself’. An old story told poorly, and one I strove not to tell. But in this realm as in so many others, I suppose I over-estimated myself. I’m sorry for making all of us look bad. But it won’t be the first time I’ve been a sorry ambassador for us.

It’s just so hard. And sometimes, it seems to get easier, for a little while, when brief illusions of success and popularity distract me. But it never lasts, and soon, every time, I’m back to where my first real emotional memories are, back to high school, when, as now, I only lie in bed, staring up at the wall and fantasizing about things that can never be, and finding solace only in planning how to end it, knowing that there's really nowhere to run, that this disease is inside me. Constitutes the rotten core of me. And I realized it hasn’t gotten better, I just keep going, round and around, finding myself back in that same stale hell I gritted my teeth and attempted to bare through so many times before, and after changes upon changes the road is more or less the same. I am tired of the march. [I have here edited out an explicit description of methods to be in line with your subreddit's rules]

I’m sorry I won’t pass on these cheekbone genes to the next generation like I always joked I would. I’m sorry I won’t… Well, whatever plans you had with me which weren’t just idle daydreams, and which some of you might have nursed as realities merely yet-unrealized in your hearts. I wish I could see them through with you.

And I’m sorry if there was anything you had wished you had said but didn't. But opportunities slip away for all kinds of reasons.

As for me, as my thoughts keep running, back up the road, into the past, all the times I have been here before, curling into this hole in my chest, imagining the same sweet oblivion, I hope that you, if you think of me, think back to those rare moments I was happy. To lying in the back of Stephen’s van so long ago, watching street lights pass like auroras overhead. To a perfect Sunday at Sam’s cabin, giggling and wrestling over sticks and bottled water. To a Saturday evening at a music festival, attempting to clumsily apply makeup with Rhea in her messy, poorly-lit sedan. To the moment at his apartment when, in a whisper, Kevin asked if he could fuck me, which, come to think of it, is the only one of these memories not involving drugs so far. To bingeing Rome with my brother in the basement, eating quesadillas mom made. To bowling two strikes in a row at Annabelle’s birthday party after a night of comical failure and just as everyone else was getting ready to leave. To those Philosophy of Mind classes that occasionally felt like they were just Neil, Ryan, and me, bouncing ideas that became more and more polished arguments off of each other – though I guess sometimes it really was only the three of us.

Or better yet, if I have ever had the luck of making any of you happy, think to that. That’s really what gave my life whatever small worth it had. It is at least a little consolation, if, among all the people I have annoyed, made angry, even put down in my worst moments, if at least a few times I paid down that enormous debt of awfulness with a little joy. Maybe some version of that eternal recurrence favoured by Nietzche and the most relatable character in Cloud Atlas is true, and we will find each other again in those places. Likely not. 

Chances are that by the time you read this my body will have floated some distance from its entry point into the Fraser River and may be unrecoverable, which, honestly, who gives a fuck. My instinct is to give my friends first pick for my clothes, which are basically all my worldly possessions right there, but probably the most workable option is to donate them to some organization that needs them. Maybe you’ll find something that was once mine in a garage sale or value village somewhere. Likely not. 

Please don’t blame me, and please don’t blame yourselves. Not everyone has the constitution to survive in this world. But I didn’t come here to argue my case. I just want to say goodbye. I love you, and I wish I could stay. 

But I’m sorry to say I can’t.
