Oh god god damn itThis is so awful, so excruciating.  I haven’t gotten any work done in months and everyone knows it.  A handful of people take pity, but pity won’t get me work next year, which officially starts in a couple months. 

I’m a right fucking mess.  Wailing at my desk trying to work.  I missed my 8am appointment today, I slept until 12pm.   Even though I had work at 9am.  Even though I slept the entire weekend - 3 days straight.  

I could die and no one would notice for weeks.   If I left my stupid job, no one would notice for months, maybe years.   No ones called the cops on me for screaming or wailing yet, no one called pest control when a dead animal in the wall stunk up the duplex.

I’m physically sick now - shaking.   I’m mentally sick.  I don’t think I will ever truly recover from this, a true breakdown.  No one cares about me.  In fact, the people who claimed to abandoned, abused, or insulted me.   It’s all over.  It’s all over.

The girl i loved who ghosted me, well she claimed she was busy, I guess not too busy to post on Instagram.   I will try to find enough energy to make a fake profile, maybe, and hopefully get her to add me so I can see what she’s posted.  Maybe that will give me the closure she wouldn’t.  

I thought she might have been dead.  She said she cared.  Why didn’t she call me like she promised.  

There was an accident outside my house.   45 mph, head on collision, 90 mph.   Just past midnight.   Screech, boom, lady screaming.  Screaming.  Wailing.  Baby wailing.  Crying.   Quiet.   I go outside, a crowd is already there.  No missing limbs, no apparent fatalities.   Drivers messed up.   

The girl I saw always visited me.  She didn’t like to wear a seatbelt.   She would have been dead.  

I waited weeks, months, weeks.  No response to my texts.  I called her.  She answered.  I only had 3 minutes.  She was alive.  She was happy.  

Good for her.   I’ve cut myself.   I’ve picked all of the follicles out of my arms and legs with tweezers.   I want to be gone.  I have no one.