I can't lie anymore, and if I tell the truth I can't live anymoreI don't know, I lied a lot and acted like nothing happened for 3 years  well I failed my entrance exam but not by much I was still able to get into school but I never really gone to my school ever... maybe the first semester of the first year but not since then and I keep lying and lying and now I think I really broke the limit I spent last years cost of school to myself and now I feel so bad, I know I did this wrong and you may think it's still okay well it's not. I think I'm the worst person and pathetic whole reason why my parents argue is probably because of me I'm a children of different father so I guess it gets to them, there's just too many things to type that I did that was wrong... 

I was a shortest kid in elementary, middle, high school and forever since then I was that wimpy kid who never really got it all. I had good friends I'll say that but I couldn't take anymore of others bullying, joking, and pointing fingers at me they made fun of me a lot and it drifted me away. I never had skipped class by my own intention till the last year of high school but things got out of hand and I decided to take one day off mostly also because I was sick but not big a deal, that day I had played games and it felt good something that I was never bullied in never got  pointing fingers at my face and I was confident, I felt good for once after long time. Skipping classes got more and more often and also because entrance exam were coming no actual class were going we were just going up to the teachers that they're going to give exam of, and that made it even easier... Needless to say I failed for long time I never studied for 6 months prior to the exam and I got 60% of the grades which were sufficient enough to get me to average school, but not quite enough to get me to good ones. So my parents bribed a guy to get me to bigger school and I got in. 

They mouthed a lot and I knew I deserved it and when school came up I felt like I can do it, first week was fun I did good in few classes and I felt good about classmates that had few people but not the big lecture ones I don't know after some time I think I got scared of people many people that are around I only did go to 3 classes that had 10 or less people I liked literature class because there were only 7 people including me and all were girls and they were easy to talk to.

And I started getting drifted and this time maybe because of minor addiction to gaming, and I started skipping classes. This time there was nothing to punish if I skip then skip it is there's no responsibility or is there... I skipped few classes told myself I'll go next week and next week and bam I were skipping every class except 3 and the semester was over I got 3 grades from 9 classes and next semester I just bailed the whole thing and I failed all classes...


They found it out start of 2nd year and they beat me up with words and I felt like I could actually really do this year but then other things happened, class I was supposed to be? I couldn't be because I bailed all classes and I'm level 1 while they are on level 2 of the study so I'm with the first years and it all happens over again. 


I'm shy I'm sensitive, I suck at everything I mean everything only thing I'm good at it is probably lying, and sitting not doing anything. I can't take pity and look of others when they find out the truth and I think I'm commiting suicide by charcoal burning or hanging or even going into forest far far away by bus and somehow die by hanging or something because I really can't take others look on me.

And what am I doing now am I secretly wanting the words that would soothe me into living? or did I just wanted to let it out in a way? I'm not sure I'm not exactly sure what I am doing and what it is for and why am I living when clearly I am a struggle for everyone around me I just think this is it. I don't wanna live anymore, I lie on my bed and I just stop breathing sometimes and loose all my body to imitiate being dead and when I do I just feel so peaceful and I think it will apply too. Moments pain for eternal void or perhaps hell I think I will fit in hell more than I do here.