I wrote this suicide note last night. I cannot find a reason to live. Haven't taken any action yet but idkI'm sorry my problems aren't real and just "in my head". I'm sorry that I make everything about myself and act selfish all the time. I'm sorry I keep blaming everyone else for my own shortcomings.
I'm sorry I keep contradicting my statements and do the same mistakes again and again like I have no control over my actions. 

But you know what hurts? Being alone and not understood and feeling like a burden to everyone. Being like the rotten fruit in the basket which makes the other fruits go bad, so everyone keeps you at a distance or leaves you when they see your "rotten side" or throws you off the stupid basket &amp; tells you to unrot yourself which is technically impossible but you keep trying, you try to remove off all the rotten sides of yours and in the end you're left with nothing, 'cause all you've ever been was a rotten fruit after all! But apparently you're a half-eaten, mostly rotten, giving diarrhea to those who consumed you, thrown in the trash on which only the stupid flied land kinda fruit. And what was left of you is now just getting consumed by your own toxicity.

Being so damaged from inside that it's literally visible to any naked eye like waves of disgust radiating from you, yet they choose to leave you behind. It feels like you've fallen into a deep pit and you're too scared of shouting for help but when you try to overcome your fear, you're either being overlooked like a piece of shit only left to be disposed off or being judged for falling into the pit and the weird part is you don't remember how you got there in the first place. Well anyway, someone tries to lend you their beautiful hand, but either you're not able to grab it or it just slips and Boom, you're back to where you belong. Oh wait, are my palms sweaty?

But can it be anyone's fault? Neither do I want to blame anyone 'cause "you have the right to leave toxic people" and "it's okay to be selfish"... So I'm being selfish, I'm leaving myself! And I'm leaving everyone before they leave me for my toxicity. Hah! I won this time ^.^
Also, I'm deeply sorry to all those I've ever hurt. I'm sorry for being so fucking toxic but I guess, that's who I really am and it cannot be changed. This is irreversible, I'm sorry.

No matter how many chances I get, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, I'm still gonna be the same stubborn whiny fat ass bitch! You know why? 'cause I don't want to change anymore. I'm giving up! I don't want a life.
I don't want to be with people anymore or have any kind or relationship with anyone. I'm tired of my own existence. I don't even have any goals to achieve, I don't want to have any. I have no interest in anything in life or you can say there's nothing which makes me feel alive. I'm sorry for being so harsh on myself but I'm just stating the facts.

I'm being selfish. I choose myself, I choose myself over everyone else. Call me a LOSER, a COWARD, a GONER, I already DISGUST MYSELF ENOUGH. I know this is so negative and all but imagine having these thoughts all the time like 24*7 someone constantly nagging you about how worthless, toxic and good for nothing you are and that someone be your own fucking brain. These thoughts are unstoppable, no matter how much i try to help someone, be nice to someone or keep myself busy, it's always there. There's wayyyyyy tooooo much hate to deal with and I'm done. I don't want to listen to "time will heal everything and crap", it didn't and it won't. The only way is "acceptance" which I cannot. I got no patience anymore. I'm so sorry 😭

Living to me is exhausting and feels worthless. You want me to become a doctor so that I could have a secured future, earn well and be happy but I don't want any of this. I don't want money, I don't want to deal with people. I don't fantasize about eating a pizza or a burger. I'm not interested in food either. Then what's the point of my meaningless existence? 


And to a father who thinks "education and money are more important than being a parent and providing a healthy environment", good luck with that ^.^


To my dear siblings, just do what you want to do in life and stop caring what others say. Society comes later, first it's you and your physical and mental well being! Don't ever be ashamed of feeling what you feel and speak up for yourself when you're supposed to. Also, give "YOUR" BEST in everything you do. Don't measure your worth based on the parameters set by this stupid society who won't even care how empty you feel from inside. 

Maa, I'm really sorry! Please don't cry much, I love you. Please understand that it's my decision and respect that. Please stop worrying about me now and remember that I was happy with this decision. I don't regret it. Please take care of yourself and eat properly. I love you. 

Dear Best friend, bitch I'm sorry! I dragged you in my life and now left you all alone in this mess. I'm really sorry. But I'm thankful for all the support you've ever given me. Thanks for being the most amazing bf someone could ever have. Thanks for never letting me feel left out. You're the only person I could count on. But I'm sorry I was being a bitch and I had to leave you before I turn our beautiful relationship into something ugly because of my insecurities, trust issues, toxicity etc. I don't want you to look back and remember what a bitch I was. I love you, but I'm toxic and you'll eventually leave me for being this way. I'm sorry for being so paranoid and delusional all the time and not being able to trust you even when I do. I'm sorry for not being strong 😭😭 
The only thing I'm gonna regret is pulling my hand away when you tried to hold it. It might not be a big deal for you but Im sorry. It hurt me when I did that. I hate that I couldn't give you the love you deserve. I am such a bitch you know. I love you, I do love you but it's not enough. You deserve so much better than a whiny ass bitch. I am a toxic person and I'm walking away from you before you do because I cannot take another heartbreak. And no it's not your fault. Don't fucking blame yourself for choosing your own mental well being over others. 'cause Im choosing this too.

Okay I'm gonna tell you about someone I've never talked about before, My biology teacher in school. 
She has been like a really important person to me. The only reason why I ever went to school was her. Her aura and positivity, it really helped me. The reason why I loved biology so much. She acknowledged me ^.^ and I loved her smile, it made my day seriously. You know at farewell, when she was dancing for us, she danced like a happy little kid, not caring who cares about what, she enjoyed it so much like I cannot explain what kind of person she is. She acknowledged me and understood when I was sitting alone with my head down and self loathing. She encouraged me a lot to talk to others, make friends, little did she knew that my existence didn't matter to anyone. She would advice me to go somewhere and scream my fucking throat out, "it's gonna help you" but she never forced me to change my personality, she accepted me the way I was. I wanted to be like her. I wanted to make her proud but I couldn't do that either. I wanted to score the highest in biology but I couldn't do that either😂 I know she's gonna say "I'm proud of all my children". I would get jealous when others were able to talk to her so easily like it's no big deal but me😂 feeling so insecure, so fucking shy and scared to even get up in front of so many kids. 
She gave me so many opportunities but I turned them down because of my fear. I wanted to talk to her, tell her how I've been feeling all this time, I know she would have listened. I know she would have helped me but I was too scared to approach her even when there was nothing to be scared of. I've never been able to gather up the courage to text her even when she told our whole class to text her anytime about anything, if we ever need to vent out or something. Now I don't even know what to say anymore. She was not just a teacher for me. I really love her as a person❤️ I'm glad to be one of her ex students and we need more teachers like you but I'm just a disgrace to her. At one time I talked so much about her at home that my own mother got jealous and my siblings teased me that she's your mom, you love her more😂 but it's over now, school is over. The negativity is over and so is the positivity. 

And please note that I'm not passing on my pain to anyone. You'll never know how I really felt 'cause you never really knew me and stop judging someone who wants to die. Second, I chose this for myself so kindly respect my decision. I'm very much happy to not exist in this world.

Also, please don't bother performing rituals and all because I don't believe in them. You can donate my organs to someone who is fighting for their life and wants to live. You can donate my body to the medical science. I want to be useful for once ^.^

Sayonara sekai!

Ps- I'm really sorry for writing so long texts, I cannot stop doing this! People generally don't like when I send long texts explaining stuff to them and then I feel embarrassed but also hurt when they don't care. I need to stop, Sorry!