Expressing suicidal thoughts through poetryI used to have a job. I used to have friends. I used to go out and do things, and have fun. Then, the heavy blanket woven by my depression, social anxiety, and suicidal thoughts lay thick in my mind. Before I attempted suicide, quit my job, and self isolated a couple years prior to this COVID-19 bs, I wrote this:

Contemplation 

Lately my state of mind has been changing lanes and I'm tired of playing games. Can I just try stating my case and I won't waste your time with crazy lines. Although shit I say sometimes seems out of place and I apologize for all the lies, but all that I'm saying is that I'm borderline and my warrior mind don't want to go to war tonight.

The voice inside says that my choice is either to destroy any form of joy inside me and to employ anxiety as a tool to avoid society, or just buy a forty-five and go to a poor-lit quiet place at night and smoke one more time before I blow my mind.

Yeah, suicide will give you a true insight on how I feel chopped and screwed inside. Years of mental abuse that the abusers deny. Being used as a child to commit juvenile crimes. Walking to school smelling like cuban cigars. You get used to the sight of kids moving aside as you come inside school with wet shoes and your tired. The view from the eyes of a child born in a wild environment is skewed by the minds that provide for it.

Out of school I was taught to be violent. But I didn't want to be violent. I just wanted silence. I thought if I hide a bit then maybe someone would come and save me and remind me that I exist. It's time to stop hiding now, I admit. I can't stand the sight of this image that I emit. I'm tired of my eyes being blinded by my abyss. I'm crying inside 'cause it's hard to decide if I should just die or live. Why shouldn't I slice my wrists? What does it matter if I exist? And if I buy a pistol, what's the likelihood I could miss?

[To this day this poem is a reflection of my internal struggle to maintain my pulse. It is the question I ask myself constantly. I don't know if it helps, but if anyone reads it, and can relate, just know you aren't alone. It's  quite the dilemma, but when life hands you dilemmas, you have to make dilemma-nade. Anyway, thanks for the read.]