i’m constantly thinking about what it would be like if i wasn’t here anymorei don’t really have anyone to talk about this to anymore so i’m posting here because hopefully someone can help me to vent 
i don’t really know what i’m doing right now 
all my life i’ve had these dark thoughts and mental issues and depression 
i’ve always had shitty family situation and no family to really confide in 
friends always come and go, and it always feels like my fault, but i can never figure out what is wrong with me 
i’m constantly questioning what’s wrong with me 
why am i so different from everyone else 
why is everyone else okay and im not what is wrong with me 
i haven’t tried to kill myself since i was 17. then was when i was formally diagnosed with mental illness, and one of my psychs thought I may have an autism spectrum disorder but it was never really looked into. it would make a lot of sense though and explain why social situations and cues are so hard for me and my empathy. 
i’m 21 now. 
i take medication and it helps somewhat but no medication makes everything just go away. i don’t have a job anymore so i can’t afford to go therapy or anything like that. 
i’ve got coping mechanisms that usually help me stay afloat and aren’t self destructive. 
I make art, but I’m constantly doubting myself and feeling it isn’t good enough. 
this year has probably been the worst year for me. i lost my best friend, who was like a brother to me, to cancer back in april. i haven’t been able to cope very well since then, haven’t hurt myself yet, but I can’t stop thinking about it. i lost a good job, lost a girl that i had really strong feelings for, almost died in a bad car crash. and now, i don’t have anyone who really acts like a true friend to me anymore. everyone else does drugs and stuff and I’m straight edge so it just makes me feel isolated and alienated. i haven’t even been out of the house except to get a refill on my medicine a few weeks ago. i feel so alone. i made a plan for how i wanted to do it a while back and i can’t stop thinking about it. i’m afraid to leave my little sister behind, and for my best friends mom, i don’t want to disappoint them. but how am I supposed to live like this? how am i supposed to make this go away? all i can think of is how much i want to disappear. i feel like i’m going absolutely nowhere, even though i have a great opportunity ahead of me. my brain just defaults to “oh, you’re not gonna make it” or “you’ll just fuck it up anyway like you always do”. i’m really just rambling but i’m just so lost. i want so bad to love myself but i can’t. i can’t have confidence or self esteem, it’s been destroyed by years of bullying and broken friendships, and domestic abuse. i don’t know what to do. i’m so afraid that one day i won’t be able to keep the bad thoughts at bay and i’ll just do it. i don’t know what i’m doing anymore.