Grasping at straws to go this farIm sorry for this. I don't like publicly breaking down but I don't know what else to do. I'm clinically depressed and I'm driving myself mad with thoughts of suicide and constant memories thimgs I've done wrong. I feel I may end my life if I can't convince myself to change.

Some background I guess. I'm in my early twenties (angst red flags firing already? Afraid not), I was diagnosed with clinical depression over a year ago by 2 GPs (I wanted a second opinion). I, like everyone else, experienced changes in emotion throughout my life but this was the longest prolonged drop in mood which has continued to today. Sometimes I feel I've come out of it. I've lasted five days at my best at one point. Now it's at its worst so far.

I've tried a number of medications, no good, and I've lost faith in the validity of most antidepressants.
I've tried therapy, I could see the little nuances ticking in their heads. I was never seen as a person, Just a (boring and complicated) puzzle to be solved. While I don't judge them for it, therapy wouldn't work for me. 
Ive tried confiding in family, I could see the hurt in their eyes as I described how I felt and I just can't take that anymore either. Now I cry wolf at being cured when I see them. They may suspect but they'll never be sure.
I've lost all my friends. This happened slowly and to some level on purpose. I could no longer connect with acquaintances, every conversation felt like I was mentally bashing my head against a wall. It was an unnatural, uncontrollable cognitive dissonance that spread like a tumour until even the people closest to me felt like distant dreams accross hallucinated worlds. 
I became so desperate I called a suicide hotline. I tried to describe how I felt and they kept repeating rubbish like "it's good that you've reached out to us today". When we reached the 30 minute mark and she couldn't understand how I felt she hung up on me. I told her early on I was suicidal that night and a suicide hotline refused to help me. (you may call bullshit, and that's fine, I don't care. I have nothing to gain by lying to you now).

My state of mind doesn't feel normal, nor is it consistent. Like a rat in a maze i often feel I've found out how to escape only to find a dead end. I've had enough. For all intents and purposes I don't think I'm a bad guy, just an average joe who has done some stupid things before. But even so I can't stop believing I truly deserve this, to be in a constant state of mental pain that no other human can see and thus cannot understand, until one day I finally give up and just end it all. I want out, I want out of this constant fog, the 16 hours of sleep followed by random bouts of insomnia, the inability to hold a conversation, the poor work ethic, the selfishness. I just want to be fucking normal just like every other god damn mother fucker I see arround me. 

R/suicideWatch. I imagine many of you have experienced this before, it's a classic case of clinical depression. I don't want fucking by-the-book-waste-of-time answers. "oh your family will miss you" "it will pass in time" "I'm here for you" "have you tried (suchandsuch drug and/or therapy)" "it's good you've reached out" fuck you kinds of people. I also don't give a shit about the guidelines here. If you are a real fucking human being, with some real sence and want to offer some advice please please do. You won't get any reward other than maybe self satisfaction, stroke your ego a bit, tell your friends how you 'saved someone', get an upvote, I don't care. I'm a dick, and a loser and a fucking human being grasping at straws who just wants someone real to help me.