Just want to die.I've been struggling with severe depression the past few months in particular. I hate my life. I hate my job, my circumstances, and have absolutely no self esteem anymore. I've isolated myself to the point no one even checks in anymore. I work the night shift, and my social life decline started from that switch. I'm stuck.

I constantly dwell on the negatives as I have very little positive anymore. I had met someone, and fell hard for them.. only to have them pull away from me. They have no idea about my depression or how bad it is, or how they send me spiralling downward with their blatant disregard for my feelings as of late. They were one positive I was holding on to. This, combined with everything else and the overwhelming feelings of inadequacy and pure frustration and emptiness.. I just feel like I can't do it anymore. I want out.

I've been thinking about suicide for months on end, going over methods and scenarios in my head. My biggest fear is failing, winding up alive in a hospital or worse, with severe disabilities or issues, and then dealing with the condescending remarks from family. The guilt and blame. The "how could you?!". It has nothing to do with them, and I certainly don't want to hurt them. I just can't do this thing called life anymore.  I worry too, about the mess afterward. I don't want to scar and traumatize anyone, but I really don't want to live anymore. I don't want to cause damage to my rental unit because of my death- What I mean by that is the fact I will likely go undiscovered for some time, likely until the smell of decomposition gets unbearable for the tenants upstairs. I also worry about things like my desire to be cremated, making sure I have a beneficiary to my life insurance and pension.. I want all these to be taken care of but not draw any attention to myself or have people start to wonder what I'm up to. And if I succeed in dying, I don't want it publicly known I took my own life. I don't want a funeral. I won't be around to care about any stigma or gossip, but I just want a small shred of privacy in my death.

I'm not sure when I will go through with my plans, but I feel it is quite soon. I don't think I will be seeing my 28th birthday.