Been having these thoughts a lot more lately. Can anyone relate?I live in poverty. My mom had a couple paranoid schizo episodes two years ago. She's being treated. She doesn't speak much at all now. My pops doesn't connect with me. My sister is going through her own depression and is mean to me sometimes. She feels bad about it and then over compensates. I know she loves me. I stopped going to college because I'm aspiring to be in a band and that's what I want to do with my life. I even went as far as getting a retail licence to design my own t-shirts. Yet I'm trying so hard but my family isn't supporting or helping me along the way. I'm just so tired of trying. I'm distrustful of people as well. In high school so many people would say things to try to hurt me that it's left some scars. My pops always has ulterior motives and is great at deceiving. He's becoming a better person though. Cannabis helps me out. My parents ban it in my household. I work putting boxes on a conveyor belt all day long and on the bus ride home I've been having thoughts of sleeping a whole bunch of sleeping pills. My parents give me a ride and pick me up from work most of the time so I know they love me. I have a roof over my head, just enough food and A place to lay my head.  They don't make me pay bills either.  I've been feeling out of touch, hopelessness, and just stopped caring about a lot of things since last October. I've had no thoughts about having a girlfriend just because I want to make sure that I'm living a healthy lifestyle first. I've been having these thoughts about swallowing these pills now more often within the past few days. I already told my family that I am depressed but they say that's for people who went to war and brush it off. They brush it off because it will make them feel guilty so instead they(my dad) turn it around on me as if I'm making it up. I started to smoke weed to feel normal and to have a real connection with other people. At one time it was the only was the only way I could feel normal. With the paychecks I'm getting I could only see my self continuing this lifestyle and it's driving me nuts. Can anyone relate? 