Please read and help!Ok so let's start at the beginning.
It was the start of summer 2019 and I thought it was going to be a great summer! I was super excited.
I was very wrong.
At the beginning of summer I found out my only true best friends are talking shit being my back and purposefully excluding me out events/from hanging out you know?
I was sad a little but but hey I've done pretty bad stuff to them too so I got over it.
But then they really started to talk shit and exclude me from everything.
Basically my summer was fucking awful.
All I did was lay in bed (seriously that all I did.)

But then my summer got even worse.
My parents were fighting ALOT for some reason and one night it got really bad.
My mom got home and she was crying I though oh they fought again whatever nothing new.
But then she literally took a whole box of sleeping pills in front of me and my brother.
She tried to commit suicide in front of us.
I hugged her tight (very rare.. I'll explain later) and we were in the kitchen hugging tightly she was crying I was crying and her body was starting to feel heavy.. She kinda passed out on me.. So I called out for my brother who was calling the ambulance to come get her and I ran to my room to cry and didn't even say goodbye when she went to the hospital I was so angry at her and mad at everything that has happened me that summer I just wanted to fucking die.
She was in the hospital for about 1 day and a half.
I was still mad at her (and still am 4 months later) 
I can't hug her anymore.. But that was a problem even before the suicide attempt. 
I don't know why but I just can't hug my parents. 
It's so difficult for me and its cringey but I really do love them. 
I don't want them to die ever. 
When they say I love you to me all I can say is "mhmm" or "you too" but very quietly almost like I have a bar of soap in my mouth and can't say anything. 
I was so deppresed. 
I tried looking for help online (therapy apps). 
I really needed someone to talk to but I had NOBODY. 
So to sign in to the therapy apps you have to use Gmail and I didn't realise my mom's phone had my Gmail connected to it so she saw evey mail I got. 
So one day we got into a fight and she screamed "MAYBE IF YOU WEREN'T SO LAZY AND DID SOMETHING YOU WOULDN'T HAVE TO BE " DEPPRESED " AND LOOK FOR ONLINE COUNSELING" 

My heart dropped. 
I was confused about how she knew at first but that didn't matter.. The fact that she knew I was struggling an looking for help and didn't say anything for 3 months...i thought she hated me.. She completely ignored my cries for help.. She thought I was lazy (I was but I was so unhappy I couldn't move) 
And she even made fun of me for trying to look for help online. 
I was heartbroken.. My depression got even worse.. I was crying for weeks and weeks.. I couldn't even look at my mom. 

I was blaming myself for everything.. I thought I was being selfish for being deppresed because she recently tried to commit suicide. 

I didn't want her to think I was mimicking her. 

I hate my mom now but I wouldn't want her to die I still love her but fuck.... She really hurt me deeply. 

Those online therapy apps were a private thing and she invaded my privacy in the worst way possible. 

I don't trust her anymore. 
I want to look for help but I can't what if she finds out again and makes fun of me? 

Talking to her about it isn't even an option. 
I wanted to ask my parent for therapy but now I don't know what will happen.. Will they yell at me? 
Will they blame me? 

I just want somebody to talk to and hug. 
I literally have nobody. 
I'm considering suicide. 
I just don't know what to do. 
If my mom finds this message.. IDK I'M JUST SO SCARED. 

Please respond.. Please help.. I've tried everything..