I am doneI am Ogi, a 14 year old Serbian gay kid. I am living in a very homophobic family in an even more homophobic environment. I first denied my sexuality, but now I've accepted myself ( although I still believe everything would be so much easier if I was straight ).

I despise life. No matter how I live,  I will die and forget about my previous life, like I've never even existed. Living and putting any effort into it seems so pointless to me. Obviously, nothing interests me as well. Although unwillingly, I really have tried many things and put some effort into them to see if I like them ( art, sports, music... ), but it always ends up in me disliking them even more than I did before and stopping doing them after some time. 

I'm the same as other people. That KILLS me. I crave for attention. I want to be different and interesting and for my life to have some worth. I'm actually worthless. Hell, if the whole specie extinct, it still wouldn't matter much ( most likely ), because I bet there's a shit ton of other forms of life out there with the same purpose as us : to sustain life on their planet and die after some time in order not to get their planet overpopulated.  I don't like the concept of life and how everything functions in general.  Actually, I despise it.

It's been like this since I fully opened my eyes and realised what bunch of shit of a world I ( we ) have to live in, which was about 3 years ago ( when I was 11 and a half ), but it's getting worse literally every second.

I wish I wasn't even born. Feeling so sad and desperate is much worse than not feeling at all. Yes, I had thought about committing suicide, but that was before I realised I'm too much of a coward to even try to do something like that and I have accepted the fact that I will never be able to do it.

I am so done with life. I am a good student, but the reason why I study is because I would attract too much negative attention if I stopped all of a sudden. Although I love attention, I obviously don't feel so comfortable with negative one.

Maybe if I could descend and become some kind of a god ( a completely new thing since I'm an atheist and don't believe something like that has ever existed yet ) I would feel better ? At least I would have an obvious purpose an value, although I believe I would still be auite unsatisfied with the world.

I just feel there is nothing more other than this universe, which is most likely the truth and it KILLS me. I am not curious much and I don't really care about other planets and yet-to-be-discovered stuff of this current world. It's all incredibly boring to me. Everything is.

Sometimes I feel like cutting my wrists so deep I bleed to death within a few seconds and finally get out of this shitty place. Yeah, that would be nice. But, I am a scaredy cat, so suicide will always be something I will never be able to do, unfortunately. But even when you die, you aren't aware that you're in a better state because you just don't exist anymore, so it's kinda pointless speeding things up about life either.



Everything is SO pointless. 