I don't knowSo long story short,

My family has a history of depression I know this through my grandmother then my mother, then myself.

I've always tried to do the right things no matter the cost to myself this was especially the case when my brother committed suicide, my mother understandably took this hard and she herself then tried the same thing but was stopped.  I must mention that I also have tried but my family know nothing of this or anything about me as I keep it hidden.

So for the past few years I've had various help but nothing has ever "helped" I've always known that I don't belong here, that I don't fit in and that's fine.

So as explained I've sought help on many occasions and nothing has helped, for over 2 years now ( on this "bout" ) I've wished myself dead on a daily basis and the only thing keeping me alive was the fact that my mother was finally enjoying life and I didn't want to disrupt that, but I recently had a rare heart to heart with her and she expressed that she wants to join my dead brother.

Now this is where the title comes into play, I don't know if I should feel glad or sad?

I'm happy because the only thing keeping me alive was the belief that my mother still wanted to live, that she had things in life that mattered to her but knowing that she also has the same feelings as myself is somewhat comforting.  We are both just waiting for a catalyst and I can be that event.

I don't care if some of the things I've said upset you this is my world this is my reality you can judge me but you can't feel and understand what my life has been.

Where do you go if you've exhausted all the "help" options available?

What would you do with intolerable mental pain so intense you feel it in every cell of your body?

What if you had nobody, nobody at all that you can speak with?

When is enough enough? 

Am I wrong to feel so tired due to having to put on my facade on?  To pretend to fit in so well but to never actually feel companionship?

What do I want in life? 
Simple a hug, I would like it without having to be asked for it just somebody to care but I feel so little about myself and through events that happened in my life that it will never happen, because of myself.



I don't write here for sympathy or advice or even an answer because there is no answer there is only you, and you only know your life.
 