I just want my life backMy life used to be normal and great. I ate mushrooms and developed schizophrenia because of an underlying mental illnesss i had no idea about. My dad also died 2 years ago, as if that wasnt enough shit for me to go through. God hates me and my family. I keep trying to kill myself, in hopes that at the very least my suffering will end. I love my family so much but i cant even take care of myself anymore because of the schizophrenia. I dont want to hurt my loved ones hearts, i know how much they care about me. I can barely work without having pyschotic episodes. My mother and stepfather dont believe im schizophrenic and when i tried to bring it up to one of my friends he just kind of shrugged it off like it was nothing. I have literally no sex drive anymore, ive never had a girlfriend and now i never will. My whole family found out i was doing drugs because i let all my secrets spill once i got diagnosed with schizophrenia. I cant cry or barely feel anything i have depresonalization and derealization 24/7. I give up. I just want to die and see my dad again. At this point staying alive just feels like preventing the innevitable and id rather not spend a lifetime watching everyone ive ever loved succeed me and or die before me. I don't even know if im capable of dying actually i tried to hang myself pretty recently while i was drunk and just kind of blacked out once the rope was around my neck, then i came too and was on the floor with the rope beside me. I think i pulled it off but i dont really know. I just want to close my eyes and be normal again. Or at the very least close my eyes and go to heaven because hopefully there i wont have this disease anymore. I'd almost rather i have cancer as oppossed to schizophrenia, living with a broken mental state is not living. There is not point in fighting death we all die, so why not just die now and go see what waits for us, whats the point of trying to live, why do people get to be happy and me amd my family get shit on by god. Especially me. I guess he thought my dad dying wasnt enough so he was like haha fuck this kid ill give him a disease that makes him think hes literally in hell while alive.