Just ruined my only close friendship.Iv been feeling pretty bad for a while now but this is the bottom of the barrel for me. 

After another different freakout I had my best friend suggested we hang out more. I agreed and for the past few days I felt normal for once. We planned to work on an assignment together on the weekend.

I wasn't allowed to come over because her mum was sick, which was fine, we planned to go over to another friends house and planned to do the assignment as a group. My best friend though as it turns out had already organized to go to the other friends house beforehand without telling me. 

She still wanted me to come but the other friend didn't, he had a list of excuses and eventually I just decided not to go and went to bed feeling absolutely awful. I feel like he tried his hardest to get me not to go, it feels like everyone is against me.

In the morning I felt a little better but as it went on I felt worse and worse because they were having a great time while I felt excluded and left out. I started posting a bunch of edgy garbage on our group chat and she told me to stop being edgy which in hindsight was totally reasonable but it made me have a breakdown.

I left the group-chat but still had a secondary account on it so I was able to see what they said after I left. The friend who made up the excuses ignored me leaving and started talking about something totally different, my best friend did the same and started posting memes. 

At this point I felt terrible and went on with my alt account and said "this is fucking clown shit." She left the group chat after that and I feel like she despises me right now. 

She was my only close friend I could talk to and now I feel totally alone. We became friends so quickly and I think to her I felt like a friend she could depend upon but this year iv felt consistently sad and its really impacted our friendship. I'm so sad I feel like throwing up and I don't know if things will ever go back to how they used to be between us. 

None of this has been helped by my parents being angry at me constantly. My mum is a borderline alcoholic who I know loves me but still annoys me with her drinking and my dad doesn't understand me whatsoever. I asked my mum to see a psychologist weeks ago but they never sent a response.

School has always stressed me out big time but I'm in my final year and its getting worse. Everything seems to be going wrong at once 

Iv never felt so sad in my life before and I have nobody to talk to about it. My friend isn't answering any messages and my life feels like its crumbling before my eyes.