Attempting Suicide made me no longer suicidal but for all the wrong reasonsLast week I was in the hospital cause I attempted suicide (for the second time), but I’m no longer suicidal. Not because I feel really any better, but because I’ve realized I physically cannot kill myself. Its like my brain says yes, but my body says no. 

I tried to stab myself and you would expect that I probably at least left a pretty good gash, but no the knife barley even penetrated my body. You’d think I had used a butter knife but I didn’t. I wasn’t even dripping blood. I just sat there dumbfounded for an hour that I cant even kill myself right. 

So ya I guess in a way I should be happy Im still alive, but my life still is shit and arguably shittier now since I pretty much just got guilt tripped by my family for the whole damn thing. And now everyones off doing their own thing like nothing happened and im still the same old depressed fuck.

I have no friends, no job, I’ve only completed a couple classes of college and im 22 now (23 in september). No money either. Never been in a relationship nor do I feel close to anyone. 

I want to work and go to school but Ive struggled to keep at it for any longer than a couple months (doesn’t help I have ADD either). 

I just don’t know what to do. I’ve been depressed ever since I was 4 or 5. Yet, I feel like I’ve done everything I could possibly do, but still get shit on by life and people. Never drank, smoked, did any drugs, or committed any crime. Hell I never even hit anyone, despite the fact Ive been hit by people. Graduated high school with a damn near perfect GPA. Tried dozens of different medications, been to multiple therapists/therapy programs and currently still go to one. And no matter what I can’t seem to get any better. 

Only thing I got going right now is my physical health is fine. But what good is being healthy, if Im always alone, sad, and angry. Ya nobody said life was fair, but jesus christ would it kill to have just one thing go my way? just once!?