My parents are hiding my own psychological test results from me, and at this point I’m just done with this shitI’m not committing suicide today, im gonna go to bed right after I write this. But I know im gonna dis very soon, please don’t try and talk me out of it, I’ve heard literally everything. Just please, someone tell me how I can see my own results.

I’m 17 so still legally a minor, I turn 18 in a few months but I’m not waiting that long. I know no one is gonna have the answer, but please, is there any way I could just see my own test results, I’m trying everything. Wtf, this is awful. I’ve looked everywhere I can think of and I can’t find it. Don’t try and talk to me about anything else, please just this, no more fighting, just please help me see my own test results.


Ok yeah, the stuff below this just turns into a rant, reading the first part might help a little bit but you don’t really need to look at it at all. I just don’t delete my ranting or whatever anymore because then it isn’t as releasing or whatever.

Ok so I took the test like 2 months ago and I think they got the results a month ago, when I asked them anything about it they claimed not to remember, and now that I’ve just been asking and now even demanding to see my own test results they went from coming up with bs excuses to just straight up saying no. Like wtf am I supposed to do? Like they’re straight up terrible people, they’re good people about everything but my mental health, but everything about my mental health is just a huge fight with them.  Not like arguing or yelling, just I have to fight mentally and they just don’t listen or help and I no matter what I do nothing changes or helps. Like last week my mom dropped in on my while I was hanging out in my room in the morning and she said “I think your depression is getting worse” and then she left. Like what a fucking day ruined, that was awful, what a terrible thing to do. When it got brought up later with my therapist during one of the things where my mom was there they just teamed up on me and told me to be appreciative of my mom, she’s trying to be helpful, she was communicating, and I’m trying to argue against that saying, yeah , I know she is, but I’ve asked her not to do that kind of shit a million times by now. I’m so tired of this bullshit, I’m literally fighting everything. I just officially lost my last friend last week after we had a falling out because she couldn’t handle talking to somebody that’s so depressed so she did some stuff that was just awful to me, it doesn’t make her necessarily a bad person, but we can’t talk anymore because I can’t fucking have people doing that to me anymore and she knew how bad that would be to be to do that. I’ve lost my like 5 really really good friends because of that and then the other one got locked up in a mental hospital because hearing about how dark my depression was made him want to commit suicide and even though he’s been released his parents have him on a crazy strict lockdown and he cant talk to me ever again. I’m literally so fucking alone right now it’s insane, and my relationship with those 5 people is at an irreconcilable point and everybody will tell you that and agree, like that’s actual fact, not my depression.