I ruined my own lifeIn the 1990's, my grandmother was dying of alzheimer's disease and it created a metric shit ton of drama in the family, but I was very young at the time so I didn't have a good idea about what was happening. To sum it all up, my uncle is the only one who did the right thing but his three brothers (including my father) were the sleaze-balls who made it look like they were the saints and he was the devil. After all this happened, no one saw this particular uncle for awhile because he basically left the family due to how he and his wife had been treated. 

Fast forward to 2013 and I had the opportunity to meet this uncle and he started to talk like he'd take me under his wing and help me get out on my own during college and afterwards. Looking back on it, he was just manipulating me to get back at his brother (my father) and absolutely none of the promises he made ever came true. He followed through on exactly none of what he said he would do to help me get away from my parents who were holding me back in many ways. 

Fast forward again to the present day, and my situation is far worse than if I had not gone to college at all. I'm stuck in the shitty job I went to college to avoid, and a week ago the self-excommunicated uncle had the balls to basically tell me that he knew my choice of college was a stupid decision but he let me make it anyways because he does everything in his power to avoid participating in my life, other than destroying my self-esteem and confidence whenever he gets the chance. He was really good at keeping my hopes up when I first met him. He was always a bit of a hard-ass, but he'd give me gas money to get to and from his house and always invited me back whenever I had a chance to come see him. I seriously thought for many years that he would start acting like a relative and help me move towards my goals and dreams. 

But at this point, I don't see how I'm going to recover from being run hard and put up wet. I don't have any connections, college was mostly a disaster, and the only income I have is from my awful job on night shift because my parents have never been well-off. That's one reason why I was trying to kiss this uncle's ass, is because I have always been depressingly poor and I've never had a comfortable lifestyle where I didn't have to worry much about money.

Everything opportunity I have pursued lately has fallen apart as soon as it was about to work out, like a sand castle that gets knocked by a wave over as soon as you start adding details. I feel completely hopeless and hollow, and I'm almost 25 at this point. I met this uncle when I was 17 and the drama from the 90's resurfaced just in time for my senior year of highschool. I should have stayed away from him, but I was completely desperate for a way out of my problems that I was willing to spend time with someone who was not likely to ever love and support me like a relative should. How the hell am I going to get back on track at this point? The idea of dying scares me because tomorrow might be sunnier than today, but sometimes suicide seems like such an enticing option because I can't find relief anywhere.