I ruined everything for myself.So I'm a student, in debt a decent amount and a few years ago I dropped out and took a few years off before coming back in the last couple years to finish what I started. By doing this I prolonged the interest on my debt by only finding some shitty paying job as a drop out. Now my finances are shit and they stress me out all the time. So does school because I'm so anxious to just finish and get the fuck out of this city that makes me feel like I can't breathe. I never meant to be here for this long. And I'm a horrible person praying that my family can get together so I can get the payout from my gramma and grampa who cut me and my family out as a kid so that I can take a break and go somewhere or pay down my debt a bit and breathe for a while.

When I left for school I also left a guy that I worked really hard to keep around as it broke my heart waiting for him to be ready for a relationship. Then I yelled at him, first time I've ever yelled at anyone and really said mean things to a person and he cuts me off for 6 months. I started to move on and he comes back but I finally moved on and found a new guy after some of the roughest few months of getting over him and going a little overboard with that. I get pregnant by my current bf and the old guy is so nice that I just go back and cave in to his being so nice to me. 4 years of relationship later and I have to take a year off because of distance, arguing and a need to just get my homework done and focus and be able to move back home. I also knew we were at a point where it was get serious or break up and I still had to ask him to be able to hear "I love you". I took longer than I thought and we were fine and talking but I told him I wanted him back and he seems to be done with me. Doesn't even care at all. That hurts so much... He keeps messaging me but it's really infrequent and I'm not sure what to say since he says he wants to still talk and hang out but he won't tell me what's happening. Does he still like me? Are we still more than friends? Clearly he doesn't care all that much and won't reply when I directly ask about us being over so I think I answered my own question. But why can't he just say it? After 8 years I need to hear it from him to move on. Why can't he just give me that so I can move forward maybe? "I don't know if we're done for good, but we are for now". Just got that as I was writing. It's done. I'm a fucking idiot. I put way too much of myself into this and now I don't know how to stand and balance with that much of myself ripped out from under me. 

I have no friends. I did but they were pretty horrible. I have almost no one to turn to right now and I just want to find something to keep my mind from imploding. Since I dropped out and came back, everyone I knew graduated and moved away. I'm so sad and alone and I don't want to call my dad again... I hate having him know how bad I really feel when I know he can't really help and it just puts it onto him. I'm just a burden to him and I know he loves me and I love him and appreciate him so much and he's the only reason I'm still here now. Trust me I didn't want to be around in high school and I held on for him. My mom died when I was young and he's been my everything ever since. Even before she passed I was a huge daddy's girl.

I want to go out and make friends but I work until later in the evening and miss most classes and groups that I've managed to find and know I'd be interested in and able to afford. I'm also really bad with girls since I didn't have my mom around and they actually really intimidate me. 

I've been looking at job searches and the outlook is not so good. Even with a huge search area... I've been looking for jobs anywhere but where I am. I learned a lot and grew a lot in the last year, my marks are up and I can hold down a job while staying on top of my course work. But why does it seem like everything is worse for having taken time for myself? I've never been selfish and I was intentionally last year for personal development reasons and oh my god does it feel like it backfired. 

I just want to die. I ruin everything. I can't make a good choice. People don't like me. I'm a burden on my dad and family (the ones who actually like me around) and I just can't deal with never doing anything right. 

I wanted to just cut myself but I go to the gym and I don't think I could hide it. I just think the world would be a better place without me. Everyone who touches on my life would just be lessened of the burden that I create on them.

I can't escape this feeling. Maybe it's for a reason.

