How do you deal with it?I go to school and repeat the same chore over and over again.  Listen and apply.  People keep calling me smart but I'm not, I got tired of doing homework and because of that I am now sitting at a bunch of B's, which people still praise me for.  

I have no talents, skills, goals that will actually help others.  I can't even speak my own native language and every time my grandmother visits I can't communicate with her, how depressing is it that you can't communicate with your grand children?  I've tried learning and just get frustrated along with the people who I try to practice with.  I have now come to hate my native language which is Hmong and hate my family who have ridiculed me for not being able to speak it.  

I feel like a loser, unable to do anything.  I keep telling myself I'm going to do it but never pull through.  Thursday I brought a knife ready to kill myself after school ended because I knew I would have enough time to go find a nice place to die and bleed myself out before anyone would notice that I am not where I should be.  I didn't do it because my friend had his birthday Friday and I didn't want to ruin it for him, but that is just an excuse for me to not kill myself.  Just an hour ago I was ready with my note written and everything but again didn't go through with it and this time its just because I straight up backed out.  

I keep telling my friends that I'm going to slit my wrist or stab myself and they keep taking it as a joke but they don't know that its what I keep thinking about every day.  I didn't want to truly tell anyone because I feel that people who claim they are going to commit suicide just want attention.  I don't want to feel like I want attention because it just seems pitiful.  

How do I get over knowing I have no talents, because I honestly can't think of any talent I could possibly possess.
What is something to truly look forward to in life? 
How do I deal with this lack of effort in school and how am I supposed to deal with 6 more years of it? (I'm a senior in Highschool going into Pharmacy(What my parents chose because my ideas(Art, I tried getting into it Junior year but saw how much more skilled people my age were,Computer Engineer, my math skills are lacking) even I believe aren't that great.

