Feeling insaneBoyfriend makes me feel crazy. Idk if I’m being irrational or if he is but he always makes me feel like I am. Not sure if the truth anymore but I feel like I’m in the right most of the time.

This confusion is too much. Idk if im crazy or with someone mentally and emotionally abusive. 

I want to kill myself. Even if I’m not crazy I still find myself in relationships like this time after time. I feel like no one truly loves me and everyone just walks all over me.

And if I am crazy then all the more reason to kill myself.

There’s a constant dreadful feeling of loneliness every second of every day. I just want love and I just want to be treated gently with care. Why can’t I have that ever. I just want someone to understand.

I think about dying so often. Living is so painful for me and always has been. I dream of the day I’ll finally have the courage to off myself. 

My head hurts from crying. 

We couldn’t even resolve the fight we just had. Whenever that happens I get suicidal because, idk. I love him and I don’t understand why it’s like this. I don’t understand if it’s me or him. He makes me feel like it’s me.

Last time I ran off saying I was going to kill myself he said he can’t deal with it again. So basically if I feel suicidal again he’s going to end it with me. So I can’t even go to him when I’m feeling this way. I just have to cry alone and hope I fall asleep without hurting myself.

All of the times I’ve gotten upset to the point of telling him I was going to kill myself just a simple hug or an I love you would’ve helped calm me down. I know it’s not good to rely on people but I just do. 


Some people are the only thing keeping me here. I’m sorry, that’s not healthy, but it’s true.

I wish someone loved me enough to understand. To stay by me and hold me when I’m feeling this way. I miss my ex. He would hold me and make me lay down with him and talk me through it. 

I just want to die. I want to go out somewhere in a forest and shoot myself in the head. I want to slit my wrists and just bleed out in my bed high out of my mind so I am at least a bit relaxed when going. I just want to be rid of this pain. I want to be freed of this pain so, so, badly and I’ve wanted to for so many fucking years. For more than half my life. 

Maybe then people would care. Maybe they’d finally realize how much pain I was in. But then again it’s not their fault. They’re normal. They’ve had normal lives. They couldn’t understand if they tried.

I feel horrible for my mom. I don’t want to leave her but I feel there is no other way out. How do I go about this? How do I write notes, how do I get them delivered? How do I make others aware of my death without having to identify my body? What is the most “courteous” (lol) way to kill yourself? I really want to do this. But I want to do it right. 

I’ve wanted to for so long. Maybe it’s finally time. Maybe I should just get it over with to prevent more suffering. I don’t want to stop myself to only wish I did 10 years later. I feel things will never get better. My brain is a mess and so is my life. I can’t do it anymore. 

