The world has given me so much love yet I still want to leave.Why is that? One thing for certain is that I'm not a good person. I know that. I'm a grand disappointment to my mother, my girlfriend, and to myself. Yet I see the world as another place that I don't deserve.

Unlike others, I've never faced any hardships from others. Only from myself. 

My mother is a blessing upon this world. Any person would be lucky to have her. Why did it have to be me?

My girlfriend is the most beautiful, supportive and caring woman I've ever met. Why can't I love her like she loves me?

My life would be a dream to most. Yet I don't appreciate anything I have. I don't complain or anything, I just know I don't deserve this.

Last night, I stayed up playing video games while smoking weed and drinking until I puked the next morning. I do this every week.

I quit my job a month ago. Left a good company with good benefits. Here I am a month later, about to be unemployed again because my inability to be able to work. 

I've been here before. Holding a barrel to my head was the coldest feeling I've ever felt.

Today I seem to want to feel that again.

I don't do shit. I'm a quitter and a selfish prick. I smoke weed and drink myself to sleep all day while my girlfriend works 2 jobs and STILL has the time to spend with me.

Earlier she told me "Why should I even trust you anymore?" and she's right. I lie to everyone I know. Not because I have something against them but I lie because I either did something that would be a disappointment or stupid.

So I'm here all alone. No one to talk to besides a online note for some people on a suicide forum.

I've always told myself I could live the happiest life but even then I know one day I will end it.

I live in Portland OR so reaching rural areas is easy. I will drive down a forest road tonight. It's likely nothing will happen but the thought of driving full speed into a tree is just an idea right now.


I have so much to live for but I just don't want to. I simply don't want to live. 

What hurts me the most is that I have everything to live for, yet here I am.




