"Do you even realize why you're here?" - An article I wrote 2 years ago to improve lives. If you're thinking of ending yours, read this.A few years back I wrote this article on a seduction based forum (believe it or not) to help people who were looking for more with their lives. Parts are from a speech I gave during my senior year of football, after one of our coaches killed himself. I've tailored it to help you. Clear your mind and let this comfort you. If it affects even one person, it's served it's purpose. I apologize in advance for some foul language.

---
Has it EVER occured to you that that your life isn't that special? You're just a spec on a map that people only care about when it disappears?

Science says that your MIND FUCKING LIED TO YOU.

When a man ejaculates, there can be anywhere from 40 million to 600 million+ sperm cells released. That's assuming it's a rare case where the man isn't wearing protection but ejaculates into the vagina when the woman isn't on birth control, so only one single sperm cell can fertilize an egg. That was you.

Think about that for a second. 600 million is roughly two American populations combined. Picture standing in an open area with 600 million people surrounding you. Just a sea of people. Now picture all of them being told that their life ends here and now but YOU and you alone have been selected to continue living. Would you feel special? All eyes on you, right? You'd be the envy of everyone. Celebrities, sports stars, models; They would all be wondering just who in the hell you are, since you are the one who was chosen over them. 

In your mind right now, you could be nobody. Just a lonely person who feels worthless to this world... but you were once the most important existence to something. You had to fight against the most improbable odds just to be given the chance at life. As a seed, the fight you gave just to live is bigger than any we have seen on Earth. That fighting will is in your veins right now.

The fact that you are here is a miracle. The fact that you are reading this is another rarity. The odds of being born are one thing; the odds of being born into a healthy lifestyle where you are literate and given shelter is a completely new unlikelyhood. Did you know that almost 1/7th of our people on Earth can not read or write? That's a fact. And there was a 3% chance that you could have been born with a birth defect. Absolutely true.

So you beat the odds of 1 in 600 million. Whatever. If you can read this, you again defeated an improbability. Big fucking deal. It won't make you feel better, right? Nothing will. Right?...

Do you realize how massive your oppurtunity is? Do you realize just how much the odds have been falling in your favor? Those problems that have been on your mind? That guy or chick who left you or dumped you? Guess what? They were FUCKING HOLDING YOU BACK.

Imagine where Will Smith would be if he settled down with some fucking chick he loved in high school. Imagine how well known Julia Roberts would be if she stayed at home pissed at the world.

There are over 6 billion people in this world, which means that at any given time you have a 1 in 6 billion chance to be the most famous person IN this world. So if you defeated a 1 in 600 million shot at life, then statistically, you have a better chance of being one of the world's 10 most famous people than re-beating the odds you have already beaten. Yeah, big fucking deal, right?

To accept that statistic, you must accept one of two things:

1.) Being one of the world's 10 most famous people is not hard, and you are more than capable of doing it. What will stop you? If you can beat nature's unforgiving odds, why can't you beat man's incredibly gentle odds of being famous?

or

2.) Living the life you are living is INCREDIBLY rare, which means that your time on Earth is incredibly precious. How much of that time do you want to spend trying to win over people who hold you back?

Now, imagine if you WERE one of the 10 most famous people. Every time you look at your bank account you laugh at all of the zeros behind the ones. Every time you go home, you can only see family because every public place you go, you'd be attacked with autographs and people posting pictures with you on Facebook just to have comments underneath reading, "Holy shit! How'd you meet them!?!?!". That guy or girl who dumped you years ago is pretending everything's cool now and secretly google's your name all the time. They 'like' everything on your Facebook with the hopes that you'll see it and be reminded of them. Maybe start a conversation with them so they can get back in your life. As if you'd even care to do that when you reach this level.

... yeah... imagine all of those problems you have RIGHT NOW... the feeling of being worthless... the jealousy of your boy or girl leaving you... the sorrow you feel when somebody leaves your life... the helplessness you once had... the bottom you once reached... were all the fuel you fucking needed to get there. The fuel that MOST PEOPLE DON'T GET TO HAVE. How far did those celebrities get without knowing what it meant to feel the way you used to? You can take that pain and use it to become greater than them. To feel a feeling so powerful that you'd rather attempt something as daring as putting everything on the line, including your pride, than to feel it again.

SO FUCKING GUESS WHAT! Your ancestors have reproduced since the dawn of man and through the unbelievable odds of mating... through the improbable events that lead every one of your ancestors to meet each other and breed, has lead to your impossible existence. One different choice that any of your ancestors made and you would not be here right now. But every choice they made... through every branch of family created, you have stepped your fucking feet onto this Earth. Now you have to do something about it. Sorry but you have to.

Now, can you still believe that there are occasionally people who mistake these problems as defeats and fucking commit suicide? People who literally end their own lives, and throw away everything after conquering what should not even be considered possible and just throw to the ground all of this fuel and emotion than could have been used to become HUGE in this world. Can you still believe that there are people who waste days doing close to nothing? There are people who's idea of living is nothing more than existing. Wasting away without fighting for life and progress is not what is in your DNA. It's not natural and it's not going to allow you to leave this world having seen your apex of existence.

The average human being lives 22,630 days on Earth. Will you waste those days living in your own little world or will you spend those days becoming bigger than the world itself? Oppurtunities are EVERYWHERE. You have to look for them. You have the potential to be HUGE. I mean HUGE huge. Millionaire huge. Celebrity huge. Do not throw it away because of the failures of others who are too naive to understand their own capabilities. Do not throw it away because of the COMPLETELY FUCKING STUPID ways that some people discounted you. You are special because you realize you're special. They don't even realize how special THEY are, much less you are. Do not accept any reality in which you aren't going to succeed.

The reality of the situation is incredibly simple: Every person who shares your desires will give up on those desires before you do. A part of you might have wanted to become famous. Either a rock star, smashing guitars across the stage or a movie star who can't even show their face in a mall without being mobbed. Some boy or girl from humble beginnings that now has people you went to high school with bragging about knowing you, like you were some sort of best friends back then.

Yet, who honestly tries to become that? Of those who do, who actually commits to it more than anything else in their life? If you treated getting the body you wanted or getting the fame you desire the way you do getting the fucking food you wanted or not risking too much of your pride, you'd already be there. Right now.

I want you to imagine something for yourself. Imagine reversing time and going back to your high school days with the knowledge you have right now. You would know who dies in your class. You might want to be extra kind to them and say the things you always wanted to before they're gone. You would know how you look years later. You would know how every choice you made got to where you are at this very second, reading this very article. Now imagine being able to do things differently. Imagine not dropping out of a class or skipping a practice. Imagine hitting the weights back then how you'd look today. Imagine if you treated people differently where both of you would be today.

Now, we all have thought from time to time, "If I could go back, I'd do this differently." There's no way to go back in time. It's not gonna fucking happen, dude. All of those mistakes that make you feel hallow have been done. You're not getting it back. Not now. Not ever... but... Imagine yourself ten years from now, wishing to go back in time to this very day and make changes. What would the future "you" change? Imagine you from 2022 saying, "I wish I could go back to 2012 and do this!". How would you treat others you would later found out died? How would seriously would you take exercise? I mean, you have 10 years to see the results, so you would be fucking shredded by the time you got back to present time.

Make the changes today you didn't back then and or wish you did in the future. You can still reach your goals, no matter your age. 

Everybody else has given up on becoming what you can become. Everybody else has told themselves it's not worth the effort. Go take their spot. I fucking dare you. Become famous. Become a rockstar. Do not continue to make the same mistakes you've made in the past or every odd you've ever beaten will never be told to anybody.

So do you really want to know just WHY you're reading this? Through what mathematically improbable odds have you made poor choices, thought of suicide and for whatever reason logged on to read THIS article? Like the ancestors who made distinct choices leading to your birth, you've made distinct choices that has all lead up to this... Your rebirth. Why are you here right now? To take those bad choices... and make a new way of life out of them.