Why am I still here.I don't know why i keep going. Why i still keep walking through it and waking up everyday. It has come to the point where some nights I just lay on my bed and wish i was dead, where at some point I just feel like its useless for me to do anything anyway. I am 20 and have been overweight since i was young. Doctors cannot find anything been for lots of tests, diëticians don't know, done multiple sports went to sporting centers, personal trainers etc, no one has a clue why i can't lose weight, i am balding have been since 18 (which is also not good for my already almost non existent self confidence), am gay and of course because of how i look i cannot find anyone. I am just alone. Bullied, friends who keep turning their back on me when i am not looking. The only reason why I haven't done it is probably because of my parents. Everytime i wanne try I see them in my mind , tearing my own family apart, even bringing problems when i die. I just feel empty, I feel up, done whatever you can call it. I don't want to take medication, cause its side effects would only make me feel worse.   


I don't know what to do at this point. I really feel like I am so far stuck that even killing myself is impossible. both bring so many problems, I just feel like my mind is tearing apart on the inside. I am not wanted, I am barely loved. I cannot do anything right, I am just a fat lowly loser who will be on his own forever. I am just worthless at this point. I have no self confidence and everytime i manage to get a small bit its broken down and that becomes even harder to build up.   
Why am I still alive. It gets better is what they all say. yeah sure living with suicidal depression for over 10 years and still trying to think it gets better. yeah that doesn't work. Maybe for some but its to late for me anyway. If things would get better it would have gotten better by now. I really don't think i can work on any longer. It's not going to happen for me, I will never get the chance for a good future anyway. 