I'm aboutI'm a very talkative person and really enjoy spilling my thoughts to other people, but this is a topic I find hard to bring out when I'm with people I care about so I decided to go anonymous.

I don't want to go overly into detail, but I'm an average 21y/o male college student who didn't go through any apparent hardships in life. I have a loving family, although my parents divorced (was finishing highschool, so I was old enough that it didn't negatively impact me), and plenty of supportive friends. I enjoyed life, traveled a lot, got into a few relationships and experienced things many people can't or need much longer to.

But I have an extremely strong urge to die. Whenever I'm alone, I can't help but to feel a strong pressure in my chest area. If I were to describe it, it feels like that anxiety of asking a girl out for the first time but much more negative. Although I haven't been examined by a psychiatrist about it (though I've been asked to come to a meeting after a school mental heath test, which I just went to and told them I'm perfectly okay while denying anything they thew at me), I can clearly guess it's just the feeling of depression. This feeling keeps telling me to just end everything, because it's the only way to make it go away.

To battle the urge I started cutting myself on the leg. It helps, although temporarily, because it gives me the feeling that I actually am killing myself (although I'm not, since I'm not cutting any important veins), which helps ease the pressure. It also makes me feel better the next few days because it makes me feel like I'm "healing". 

The reason this is only a temporary solution is that, like a drug, it slowly loses its effectiveness after a few times. I began cutting more and deeper to make up for it. First few times I basically just scraped the skin, now I'm cutting the flesh under it. I've basically become numb to physical pain at this point. I mean, I still feel pain, but I simply don't care anymore.

My depression has been going on since about highschool, so about 6-7 years already. I lasted until now because I kept finding some kind of motivation to continue despite my situation. But right now I don't have any motivation, and I don't care if I don't wake up tomorrow. I have enough of this feeling and constant bickering, but at the same time I'm "smart enough" to know this isn't some easy decision you can go back on, so when I do it I want to be absolutely sure and resolute.

So I've decided to basically setup an exact timer of my death, based on how my life is going. I bought 10 small glass vials, and whenever I'm feeling the urge, to the point of absolutely needing to cut myself, I fill 1 with my blood. I'll kill myself once I fill all 10. 

2 months since I came up with this idea, 3 have been filled. If I'd have to guess a number, I'd say that, at this pace, I have about 5 more months to live. To be honest I'm not sure how I feel about that, because at the moment I feel like I won't even last the weekend, but this ritual I've set up for myself will at least prevent me from doing anything extremely rash. However, it will guarantee my will once I do fill 10.

I'm not sure what exactly I'm expecting to come out of this post, but if nothing else it's a good look through my own thoughts as I write it out. I welcome any kind of "feedback", even if it's against the rules (just send a pm), if you managed to go through all that text.

I just find it funny, how everyone I meet mentions how positive and cheerful I am. Even my current girlfriend says that one of the things that attracted her most is my positive vibe. Which is the exact opposite of what I really am. I just feel like I'm compensating for something I lack when I'm with others by putting on a fake mask and pretending to be someone I'm not. They say I'm confident and extroverted, but in reality I'm extremely insecure and can't deal with disappointment at all. 