I'm an ungrateful jerkOriginally posted this in r/depression_help but I thought it would fit in here to.

First things first: I'm a 16y/o boy, who had confrontations with depression (my mother has been suffering them since she was a teenager and raising me alone) with signs of depression showing for about a year now. Recently suicidal thoughts started showing up, with them being present nearly every night now, but I don't harm myself or anything, if I ever had these negative thoughts they were about direct suicide. Not that I'm planning to end myself anytime soon.

As already written in the title, I really feel ungrateful for anything that's happened to me. I got friends, who care about me and also know about my negative thoughts, my mom talked with me about them too, but every time they mention "getting help" I instantly block out. It's not like I don't trust people like psychiatrists, it's just...I don't really have any motivation to change anything.

To be honest, I don't really have motivation for anything. Well, "I'm not motivated enough" may be an  excuse, I'm honestly rather lazy, or at least I feel so. I only want to do something, if I know I will succeed or  in any way profit from it. And it's blocking me like, a lot. The thing is, when I see that someone is really good at something, I'm not really able to feel happy for them. I just get jealous, even if it's just a cool painting I see or a good text I read. Hell, even if I hear that someone does something I enjoy too. It's like I want to be special at all times. 

Maybe I'm just an attention-seeker but one of the reasons it may be, is that when I was like 6-10, everyone just praised me. That's a really common thing, I know, but I mean like, I always were the best at any exam, I got good grades, knew many things without really working at all. I know this probably sounds like I'm bragging, but I mean it. But maybe that's also just an excuse to put the blame on others. 

Anyway, this "needing to feel special" or whatever you may call it, got worse and worse over time. When I'm writing a test in school, I don't want to do anything, if I already know it's not perfect. I don't feel like continuing hobbies, if I don't see an immediate improvement, it's like a combo of giant impatience and perfectionism.

Another thing that's become a real problem in the recent years, is my incredibly short temper, which goes hand in hand with the impatience. I can get frustrated very easily, where its at the point, where I feel like a little kid, getting a temper tantrum (probably exaggerated bit you get the point). 

As for my plans for my future, I really have no idea of what I should do for a living. I try to focus on acting, which I am certain, won't work out, considering I won't have a good reputation with my current grades. And I don't really think I could handle another year of school, which feels like a huge piece of sh*t at this point. So: my options are to apply for an drama-school, which probably won't take me, aiming for a job I don't really like or keeping to got to school, which is like my biggest problem atm.
Although there is a fourth option, that being me just dying, which sounds the most plausible for me to be honest.

I wouldn't wonder if you see me as a huge jerk now, and I do feel like one everytime I think about these characteristics of mine. I'm at the point where I am my least favorite person, who's probably better off just disappearing. I know that people would miss me and I think, if I really am going to end myself, I work try to get them to hate me, because this way they wouldn't really care or at least be less hurt.

Tl;dr: I feel like I'm a ungrateful waste of space, who's never gonna make something out of himself, while being pissed about not being special.

I really don't know what I should do, I know that I should get help to feel better, but I got to little motivation. I would really like, I someone could give me any advise, on how to minder my self-hate or something like that, although I have to admit, that I can't promise, that I will follow that advise.

Also, on a side note, I'm sorry if my English wasn't perfectly correct, I'm actually from Germany and it's my second language, so... yeah