I just can't find a good reason anymore.I know I haven't had it as bad as other people, but I can't find a reason to struggle in the world anymore. For at least the past 5 years I have been trying to deal with my depression and anxiety. I dropped out of school as a result. I've tried meds and therapy but now I just settle with drowning the noise in my head with weed. My mom doesn't agree with my use but it's the only thing I can safely use to keep my mind the least bit positive. 

With every passing day, I'm finding it harder and harder to enjoy things. I don't believe I have a future, I've proven that if I disappear hardly anyone would care, exept the peole who have made me feel like shit all my life. Why keep struggling for their sake? Don't tell me I'm selfish. I've spent my life being a good person, volunteering and helping others, being a good friend, being a good son and brother, but after 20 years of trying to a good person, I still get treated like trash. Nothing has come of it. The moment I decide something for myself, it all falls apart. 

I used to have dreams and passions, but now, what is there? What else is out there? Struggling to pay bills? Struggling to keep food on the table? Watching everything crash and burn around you? How the he'll am I supposed to move on when I have no means to? I just don't understand what would be different. 

We work so hard for such shallow enjoyment. All I want to do these days is sleep. I cant even enjoy listening to music anymore. I sit all day just wondering why I am here... Why we are here. It all just seems tedious. I just want the buzzing in my head to stop. All the worries and anxieties that I fight through, just to maybe get half an hour A day of relief. 

It doesn't help that my mom gets angry when I show any sign of depression. Telling me that she's tired of it. Asking me why I'm "being that way." Telling me to be a better brother to a piece of shit who has used me all of my life.I feel owed something for years of lying and keeping secrets for him and paying off tickets but I know I won't be paid back. I'll just keep being labled a bad son and bad brother because after 20 years I'm finally tired of being taken advantage of. I just want it all to end. This. Fucking. Buzzing.

I can't find a reason to put up with this. I know the rest of my life will stay a struggle and I can't find a point. Why should I wait until I hit rock bottom?