I am in a real bad place right now, could use anyone's help or adviceIve been depressed for 10 years, currently 26, I was never normal growing up, I was bullied alot and developed a hatred of other people. I kept my own company and before long didnt see the need for other people, hated attachments and made a conscious effort to avoid any and all social interactions with people. Whether this was something that would have naturally developed otherwise, or was the direct result of my interactions with others I have come to the point now where I hate the company of others, and become anxious when people talk to me for too long.

I started having panic episodes when I was placed in situations where I felt out of control, this grew into panic before the situation, in anticipation of it, then it grew into even small indications that a situation could occur at some point. I distanced myself from people and places and have become a recluse, opting for a life where I am completely unchallenged and unmotivated, a life where I spend every hour of every day infron of a monitor, refreshing the same 4 web pages.
My one outlet for achievement is a video game, I play this most of the time im not browsing and I have invested so much of my worth in it that when I lose I turn obscene, I threaten, abuse and do everything in my power to ruin other peoples times. I ended up cheating to get higher in the game because I wanted people to think I was special, when actually im not.

I do not take care of myself in any regard, I simply do not see the point, I dont want friends, I dont want companionship, the mere thought of which repulses and scares me. I see no reason to expend the effort doing the basic things in life because I see no earthly benefit of doing them, im not going to make myself feel better doing them and I dont care about what anyone else thinks of me. This leads me to looking genuinely like a homeless person, smelling and my teeth have turned a horrible yellow, and ache sometimes. I have trouble sleeping, but when I do it is my favourite part of the day, I can dream, because of my current medication I dream every night and they are always nice, in my dreams I have no anxiety, no worry or pain, I just find myself in spectacular situations, free of all worry. I am unsure whether it is the situation that excites me or simply being free of my anxiousness. If i could dream all the time I would, waking up after them is horrible, knowing I have to go through the day and struggle just to sleep again later.

I have a severe fear of illness that permeates my every day, I worry about food so I only cook things I trust, my diet is abysmal, often filled with candy and microwave meals. I worry every day that I am ill, this can often cause symptoms to develop. I was generally a well child but an incident a few years ago put my in hospital, It was the very definition of a nightmare come true, I had kidney stones and experienced the most pain I have ever had in my life, every facet of the illness, from having to struggle home in diabolical pain, to having to wait and eventually passing out in the hospital, to staying there and vomiting many times, to the month wait to have the stone removed and then the 3 months where another rogue stone lay dormant, to the next 6 months of constant fear about every ache. The thing about kidney stones is that they generally do come back over a long enough spell.

One thing about illness and depression is when your days are full of sadness and there appears to be very little happiness or optimism, is that you feel your life solely exists around the next time you are ill, its going to happen, its the only certainty you know is that you will die so all you are doing is biding time miserably.

I have reached a point where I cannot see the other side, I do not remember a time before this depression and I dont know how its possible to get out of. I dont have dreams (in the metaphorical sense). I dont dream to become a doctor, I dont dream to fall in love or have kids, or be a sports star. All i have is this video game I hate, but I play because I have nothing else. If someone gave me 3 wishes I would wish for money so I wouldnt have to worry about the financial side of life and 2 wishes remaining. Time is drifting, I have done nothing in the past 6 years except get a kidney stone and browse the internet.

CBT has failed, Counselling (5 so far) has failed, drugs have failed. What can i possibly do?