I'm hunted, hounded and am looking for an outI just lost my job.   Again.  For the third time in six years.  I don't completely blame my employer.  I am a shitty employee.  I'm an emotional wreck who experiences breakdowns every few months.  My memory and health are failing me.

I'm trying to hang on, but it is getting pretty difficult.  I have what feels like an extraordinary high child support.  Last time I was out of work I fell behind, and despite the fact that I paid regularly throughout my last job, I never got out of arrears.  That meant that my state child support agency seized every penny I put in a checking account.  As a result I've had three checking accounts closed by the bank on me over the course of three years.

Not having a regular account has made life exceedingly difficult for me.  It's already hard for me to pay my bills for reasons of depression, ADHD, not having enough money, etc. but not having a checkbook or a debit card is often debilitating.  I can't even remember how many times I've gone to the store, not had enough cash on me and have been unable to pay for something.  I've driven around with change in my car because I was so low on funds it was my only backup situation.  Although I try to control it, the stress of all this makes me irratic.

I absolutely hate my ex-wife.  Sometimes the only thing that keeps me from seriously hurting her for the weekly, sometimes daily, pain that she puts me through is the love of my son.  I don't want to do anything that makes him ashamed of me.

I'm trying very hard not to be a bad person.  I know that the things I think about doing, when observed from a rational viewpoint would be considered bad almost universally.  The problem is that I'm not someone who responds well to being continually assaulted.  My natural inclination is to fight back.  Unfortunately there seems to be no way to fight back in a way that is moral.  I'm certain that my sense of morality has shifted over the course of five years and probably 150-200 assaults on my personhood.  How am I ever going to get through another five years and that many more assaults without turning to the dark side?  I really can't see me making it.

My son is twenty.  He is at a very good college and has an incredible future ahead of him.  Because he says he lives with his mother, I pay child support on him and will continue to until he reaches 24 years old.

My daughter is nearly eighteen.  She hasn't spoken to me in two years, and for five years before that our relationship was ice-cold.  I believe my ex-wife carelessly left her phone out and my daughter read all the messages that went back and forth between my ex and I during our divorce.  I said some nasty things and admitted to some very bad behavior over text and I think my daughter read it all.  

I've pleaded with my ex-wife to push my daughter to have a relationship with me.  From my perspective she does absolutely nothing to help and my daughter continues to act like an absolute and total bitch to me.  I don't know why but I still love my daughter and I'm often in agony over the situation.

I don't know how I can hold on.  I've been up against the Massachusetts Child Support Agency for years now and every time those fuckers win.  Right now I earn about $100K.  30% goes to my ex-wife for child support.  This is tax free to her.  She earns 60K herself, so I feel this is fundamentally unfair.  About another 30-35% goes to taxes.  About 25% goes to Rent.  6% to Auto.  There is nothing left!  

I've thought of fleeing the state as an alternative to killing myself.  I know that would be less permanent and therefore a better choice.  Fleeing the country is another option, but 

I have people around me that care about me, but most of them don't see the depths of my despair.  I try not to burden them too much.  My mother has helped me out in the past with the mechanics of paying bills.  Her response to me loosing my job.  If she knew that I was seriously thinking of ending my life I know that she would prioritize it over all else.

I should have been a dot-com millionaire, but now I'm absolutely broke.  When I was in my twenties I worked for a startup that eventually went very-very-big.  I was faced with moving out of the area and my wife didn't want to leave, so I dropped out of the company months before it was acquired.  Within the next few years I sold whatever stock I had.  Now that stock would be worth over $100M.  I'm haunted by this decision.

What the fuck should I do SW?

T