Planning to end it all on FridayThrow-away account for obvious reasons.

Im heavily depressed right now. Before you can say that I've self diagnosed, I've been counseled, given-meds and all that shit but it didn't help. The meds made it worse, knowing that the only thing that can keep me stable is a bunch of pills is a punch in the gut.

My job, and my future are the primary source of my depression and anxiety. I work as a qa team lead somewhere not important and recently a string of resignations from my bosses made me fear for my job. For the past 6 months, the team I'm handling is basically ignored. No new projects, no new developments, my plans, suggestions and futile efforts to make my job meaningful again are always being blocked by either: "No budget or not the priority." My job now consists of 9 hours, staring at blank sheets, routine stat reports and schedules. I've been searching for a job ever since 2016 but since my job description is a bit too diverse (the company being a start-up, they like to invent "innovative" positions and roles to give others the impression that they're not your average desk-job) I am having a hard time looking for one.

I spend a total of at least 4-6 hours a day going to work, 9 hours at work (1 doing actual work), which leaves me around 7 hours left to sleep, eat, do chores and other stuff. I hate this cycle and I can't do shit like exercising, hobbies, tv etc.

I earn a good amount of money, but not enough to start a family. I'm in my mid 20's and my family is already pushing me to get married. My girlfriend agrees and we've been together for 7 years. The final straw for her was when she heard the news that her bestfriend got engaged recently. I'm afraid that the issue has distanced her from me, I think I'm losing her.

I want to break the cycle but can not, I'm stuck.. everyone around me has moved on. Former co-workers got new better jobs, friends travelling a lot, others getting married, others are doing well with their businesses... while I'm here unable to break the cycle.

What should I do? I feel I've ranted quite enough. Friday is my birthday, I'm thinking its a good day to end my life.
