I'm alone. 18/MNot going to lie, these past few days changed my perspective on friends and family. I got kicked out of the house for fighting with my younger brother 2 days ago, and I was close to being homeless without a car, driver's license, friends, or any survival skills. However, my (non-biological) Aunt and Uncle decided to let me stay at their place for a bit. It's temporarily so I won't be here for long.

Before I got kicked out, all I did was play video games, browse reddit, and hang out with my siblings to escape my depression. I had only one friend (my choice, as I was asocial) who cut me off after I ignored him for 2 weeks. We've been friends since 5th grade but my misconstrued thinking told me he was being a nuisance and I didn't need him. 

Now, all I want is security and this "I'm alone" feeling to go away. I'm scared shitless knowing I can't go back to my old life of comfort, and even more scared of the fact that from now on, when shit hits the fan I will have no one to turn to, no one to fall back on. 

I'm making a plan to be self sufficent, for example getting a job and getting an apartment, but I'm just terribly depressed. I have no idea what to expect these next couple of weeks and unless I play my cards right, there's a high probability I'll be homeless. And alone.

The feeling of depression was always here, but now it's eating me alive to the point where suicide looks viable right now. I've already gotten a taste of homelessness and I'll do anything not to end up there, even if it takes me hanging myself. Suicide was always on my mind since high school, but now it's one of my few options left.

My life could go anywhere right now. I could be dead or homeless within the next few weeks, or I could be financially stable and be roommates with my cousin in Grand Rapids (he's living with my uncle trying to move out), eventually going onto college to be a librarian as I always wanted to be. It all depends on whether or not I'm able to go outside my comfort zone and make the right decisions and of course, luck.



 