I don't know what to do anymore. I just feel so lost and alone, but I don't even care.This is a throwaway, because I don't want any interventions from people who know my actual username on here.

I have suffered with depression all my life. I haven't been officially diagnosed with anything by a doctor, so I don't know if I have a specific condition or not. But it sort of comes in cycles. It never really goes away, but it sort of reduces its effects on my life every so often. From the ages of 17ish-21 is the longest time I can remember when I could say I was fine. In more recent years (I am 25) the "good periods" only last a day or two at most, and an hour or so at least. The rest is the bad times. It just happens without warning, just this sudden switch and then it rears its head. 

The thing is, even during the "good" periods, I was still thinking about suicide. I may not have been planning to do it at the time, but I was still thinking about how I would or could. I just don't really want to live anymore. It's not that I have nothing. There are friends. There is family. I'm even chatting to a guy I am really into. I have plans to see a friend on Wednesday and give her a belated Christmas present. But...they all seem a bit like back up plans. I can't really put my finger on it. It's as if that's all there *just in case* I don't go through with killing myself. 

In fact, just typing that there has made me realise that that is exactly what my life has been like since leaving university. I have been trying to find a job, and make my degree actually equate to something in the real world, but nothing has come up, so I just go along with the series of non-events that is my life, making plans to see a friend, or see a film, or read a book, *just in case* something happens and I don't want to die anymore. But I don't really think I can carry on living a life jumping from one just-in-case scenario to the next. 

Right now, it feels slightly different though. Whereas with the good times, I am outgoing and bubbly and actually have the mental strength to hide my inner demons, with the bad times, i sometimes don't even leave my bed except to piss. When I do, there's no filter on what I say anymore and people just feel awkward around me. I often forget to eat. I sometimes breakdown over stupid things like having no tomatoes. This is different though because I don't even have the energy to cry anymore. It's as if before, there was some web holding me back, and now it is gone.

I think it happened walking back to my friend's house after New Year's night out. I felt awful. I assumed I was tired and hungover. Except I then realised I had only had one drink since being out and was only drinking water the whole night. I was on the way to her house, not even alone, I was with four other people, and I wanted to jump in front of a car. I have no idea what stopped me but I had never felt anything that strong before. I swerved slightly into the road but twisted my ankle so I ended up back on the pavement. To my friends, nothing weird happened, they probably thought I was just a bit drunk and stumbling. The fact nothing was said leads me to think they didn't even see notice it because they were so drunk. It was if after midnight something in my head was like "It's gonna happen this year"

I have felt ill since I woke up this morning. I get ill a lot, but it felt different and I don't know why. Something was just weird. I have had this throbbing buzzing pain in the back of my head and I don't think I would call it a headache or a migraine. It's almost as if there is a pressure or swelling building inside. I just had an argument with my mum and I just feel like that that was all I needed. Some stuff was brought up from ages ago that hasn't been mentioned in years. And she just remained silent when I told her it was still affecting me. It's not the cause of my depression, I was definitely depressed years before this happened. But the fact I brought this up, and she remained silent rather than talk to me about it just shows me how little anyone really cares. So there's no point really. It's not as if I don't think I will be mourned. I probably will. I just don't really care. I told my family how I was abused by my mum's boyfriend, and nobody did anything. They all said I was making it up. I'm just angry now. Before it was a feeling of sadness that made me want to die. and now it is anger.


I don't even know why I am posting here to be quite honest. I have typed this, then retyped, and chopped and changed, and I don't even know if it makes any sense. But here it is.