Despairing reflectionI'm 18M, feeling a mixture of regret, dread, anxiety and depression all the time. My problems are less significant than many others but I'm an obsessive person, and I feel like nothing I want I can ever have. I can read the self-help books about learning to not give a fuck but in the end my mind isn't receptive to any of it. This year I have gotten into university, and for a while things were great, but now ever since a bad test I feel like I have fucked everything up beyond repair and I should have known better. I can't stop the constant cycle of anxiety at the prospect of failing, repeating or dropping out and wasting all these 5 months of my short life. I'm in the middle of exams and feel like I'm drowning. This semester at university I fell into limerence (very extreme crush) with a guy I can never have, and that was torturing me before, but now the prospect of never seeing him again is tearing me apart. Even if I passed we may never be in the same classes again. This semester I've also been working on music, an experimental electric guitar album that I created and finished and have been proud of as a means of creative expression. I wasn't making it for attention, but now I feel like I've got nobody to share it with and it'll just die forgotten like me. Nobody in the world has even listened to it. it hasn't helped anyone or done anything like i hoped. so what's the point except my own egoism. 

Life has me doubting why I've been even trying. If I can't have university, or my limerent object, or music,  the three things that make me happy I just can't see the point. I used to try and live to help others but I haven't done anything for anybody, and i usually just drag them down. I've told my family  about my chronic despair and to some extent they are supportive but I feel like I can't even possibly receive support for this. Despite that I'm financially ok and have some support, my mind only wants the things I will likely never have and the pain of being without them is crucifying. Besides this, I've also been dealing with loneliness and low self-esteem. Yes, I live a privileged life but what's the point of having a rich life if you have no reason to live. I get that I should wait and see what happens but all i want is to walk into the ocean and never come back. the inevitable pain of defeat is going to destroy me anyway. i thought this year i had hope, but it was short-lived and didn't appreciate it while I had it. i'm not even saying i want to be anything. i just don't want to be human. and all i want is attention.