I know that I don't deserve to liveI grew up  ludicrously rich. I went to a fancy school. I got everything I ever wanted as a kid, but my parents replaced affection and attention with money and gifts. I never learned how to treat other people and got everything handed to me. As a result, I coast by my entire life and live off what I can take from other people. My friends insist that I'm a good person and that I'm too hard on myself. But if there's anything I've learned in the years I've been alive it's that I'm just going to keep taking without giving anything back and continue to be a leech on the back of anybody that's had the misfortune of doing me a kindness.

I have people I'd like to call my friends that mean a lot to me but I don't know how I can be friends with them when I'm consistently hurting them and getting blackout drunk so that I can forget how bad I've been to everybody.

I've tried to be better. But I always end up fucking up and deciding that I don't deserve to go out into the world, isolating myself for a couple days, and digging myself deeper into this pit I've created for myself. I'm a bad, broken person and I won't get better no matter how much I try. Or rather, tell myself how hard I've tried. I've seen mental health professionals but it always fills me with this feeling of guilt. Nobody can help me unless I help myself and I've long known that I'm incapable of doing that. If I'm as bad as I know I am, then what's the point of living? What's the point of continuing to be a hindrance to everybody I care about if I know I'll never contribute anything meaningful society. All I do is trick people into liking me and then disappointing them.

My mom is bipolar. I spent a lot of my time as a child parenting her and talking her down from suicide and listening to her tell me that I'm the only thing keeping her alive. I'm afraid that I'm bipolar too. I keep going into these cycles of feeling bad for myself and hiding myself from the world, then suddenly deciding that I am worth something and trying to put work into improving my life. I then find yet again that you can't just fix your entire life in a week and blame myself and spiral again.

My boyfriend and my mom are really worried about me. Every time I talk to my boyfriend, I'm drunk and I know he's noticed. Every time I talk to my mom, I'm drunk because there's no other way I can stand to be around her. I know I'm scaring them and I know my mental health issues aren't bad enough for me to rationalize drinking as much as I do. I pity myself far more than I deserve and it's having an impact on those that I care about. I know killing yourself is the coward's way out. But that's the only way I can see my life going. It'll be extremely fitting for someone as selfish as myself to take the easy way out and leave the fallout for whomever has the misfortune of being in the house at the time.

I feel like I owe it to everyone to just kill myself. I want everyone to forget that I even existed. They'll have to, eventually. I just want everyone to move on from me as quickly as possible so I know the sooner I do it the sooner it'll be over. I understand there'll be a couple of months of grieving to be polite, but I feel that's worth it if everyone else I know can have a more stable, fulfilling life.

I wouldn't say that I want to kill myself, I just feel like I have to. I've felt this way ever since I was twelve. My life has always felt like it's been leading up to this. 

I understand this entire post is hypocritical, me saying that I should kill myself on a forum in the hopes that people will convince me otherwise. But I don't really know what to do at this point. My only hope is that anyone else has felt a similar way and has come out the other end okay. Please help me. Thanks.