Main goal is suicide nothing can't change my mindWhen I was about or 6 ...I was in an extended family.My mom and dad won't  together  because  of court reasons.(PS:my father was the best dad anyone could ever have)

My father decided  to take care because  my mom stop sending  me to school.It was the year 2008,he had a girlfriend  who thought  was going be better in our lives ....which in reality  turned into a disaster.
For 6 years she's  been neglecting me ,going late a nights fr partys,always going town and not bringing  me(even though  it was daytime) ,always cheating on my poor father who was angry and gave  many chances..but she still continued. My father had almost everyday  to provide  fr me ...but always leaving  me inside. I've  never gan outside unless they needed something  from shop.

I never grew up with any kids or to form any social bonds ..which affected me mentally and physically and hve poor social skills. She would always treat me badly and always tell "You have a mental  problem..ur mother should've  sent to alpha center"

It wasn't  until around between 2013-2014 she packed  her stuff and left it was relief for us but it left me damaged  psychologically. 

And 2014..came another  gf he got through she was  going to make a better  relationship....he was right she was.She has been through  our pain and struggles  and made everything  great. Eventually  they got married .We were leaving  a happy  life not until something happened....

It was 2018,the 1 week of August. Fr dat week my dad wasn't  feeling  well until Friday he got a stroke..
Literally  died between  my room and my stepmoms  room.it was night to remember. From there on nothing  has got better it got worse and worse.

I would frequently  give my stepmom rudeness  anytime  she corrected me ...she was trying her best .She always had suicidal  thoughts  plus with people  making up lies  how "she poisoned  my father " plus with financial  debts up this day.

I have no one to talk to....cause I didn't  form any bonds with anyone  from small age. My social  and interactional skills are very poor/lame..that's why no one wants to be with ,they would feel "embarrassed " being with me . And not even my family  had contact with me. Even my teachers noticed I had a little  mental problem. 

I'm  always lonely. No one talks not even texts. Grades not good,always going lower .Hating and cursing  my life every day.No matter  how I try to make things right in life it always sinks.....This is my last year in high school and I don't  think I might graduate  with my low performance 
(Only people  in the Caribbean  can refer to this CXC)

Nothing  ever comes out good ...always  nativity. My real goal is fucking die in this place. I'll  be very happy  if I die😖😖😞😞