10 years of suffering, I can’t imagine another one. I give.
I can’t be positive. I can’t get better. I can’t stop eating garbage, I can’t finish anything I start, I can’t drink only one drink, I can’t focus, I can’t be happy, I can’t be nice, I can’t keep up with my workbooks, I can’t practice anything, I can’t control my thoughts, I can’t do anything I can’t, I can’t, I can’t. I can’t control a damn thing. I can’t take this anymore. Forever now I’ve been considering the long-term solution to a “short term” problem, and I think that seed is a full-blown, fruit-bearing tree. I have to be honest with myself: I can’t do this anymore.

I don’t really care about death anymore. My mom’s first concern is herself (“if you take care of yourself, who will take care of me?” when I express myself, it’s always her her her) and my father just wants me to be independent of his advice and has encouraged suicide because being alive and suicidal is harder on everyone else who has to “deal with” me (but he denies ever saying this because he can’t own up to anything). Both parents denied my depression. Now they claim to have it, and call me selfish for not tending to them. My twin brother, my best friend, he swears he’ll burn down the world if I kill myself, but I doubt that, because he lives in a fantasy world where he is superior to everyone on the planet, insecurity doesn’t exist, and mental health doesn’t exist to him. And if I’m dead, I’d never know anyway, so filling my mind with “they’d be so sad” is utterly useless to me. A whole family that thinks I’m too dramatic. I’m “blessed” and I should be happy, they say. Nobody has ever heard me. I have always had to scream to be heard. I’ve had enough. 

Other people think I’m beautiful. I get good grades. Professors love me. They think I’m smart and witty and wonderful to have around. The life of the party at any party. The thing is, I don’t care. I don’t care what I look like. I don’t care what I do. Im always suffering and I have been for 10 years and I’m sick of everyone. Everyone is so MEMEME and I’ve obliged for so long, ignored my own voice for so long, that I lost myself. Most people seem to exist at surface level, toxic positivity has tanked otherwise rational minds into nonsense, no one ever says anything. People only keep me around to marvel at. I’m an object, and I finally get it. I feel hollow and void. 

I try so hard to be interested. I try so hard to be positive and have faith. I try new things just to try them. I even try everything twice, just in case. I have gone places, I have seen things, I have been versions of myself. I get so damn bored so damn easily. Nothing is interesting anymore. Nothing feels like anything unless it’s something terrible and even then, it doesn’t *really* hurt.

I look in the mirror and I see ugly. I feel myself scream and hear nothing. I make myself bleed and feel nothing. I see noting in my own eyes but wasted potential. I destroyed that sweet, abandoned, abused, yet talented little girl I once was. I let her down. I’ve seen ugly, useless, waste for 10 years. I’m a selfish, pessimistic, ungrateful loser no matter how much good I’ve done. Nobody would care if I left. I’ve had too many confirmations throughout my life. I don’t care anymore. I wish someone else had my opportunity at life. Mine was such a waste. They could’ve had a happy fulfilling life and instead that chance was wasted on me.

For about two years now, I’ve only had nightmares. When I nap and when I sleep regularly, when I wake up and go back to sleep. Anytime. But I sleep 18 hours a day because my nightmares are more pleasant and engaging than my waking hours. I’ve done therapy. I’ve had every SSRI you can think of. Brain scans, doctors, counselors. Inpatient. I’ve worked out and eaten well. I’ve tried hedonism. Nothing works. “There’s nothing wrong with you, try meditating!” they say to my clogged mind. Nobody fucking takes me seriously. 

I’m untreatable. It’s clear I’m not supposed to be here.

I’ve said what I feel for too many years. I’ve done this post before.

I quit.