There is a cure. It's the cessation of my existence.What is the point of living?

I have never been happy for longer than a few hours. My only childhood memories are abuse, and my earliest thoughts were of suicide, before I knew suicide was a thing. As a four year old, the earliest I can remember, I remember crying after being punished by my father and pleading mentally with God - "I want to be dead. I want to go away. Please."

I tried to kill myself for the first time at 10 years old. I held a gun to my head and pulled the trigger. Unfortunately, it wasn't a real gun. Just a hyperrealistic airsoft gun. 

From then until now, I have attempted 5 times. Each have failed due to my own stupidity. I was hospitalized once. It didn't help me. No medication works. Therapy doesn't work.

I have a plethora of mental illnesses and I cannot handle any of them. My biggest struggle is bipolar disorder, where I spend 11.5 months of the year in a heavy depression. It's because of this depression that I dropped out of high school.

And since I was always pressured to be smart instead of work hard, I have no skills. No hobbies. No talent. No work ethic. No GED. No diploma. 12 years of school, I suffered through bullies and psychological trauma, and I have nothing to show. 

My mom has cancer. I don't know how much longer she's going to last. My girlfriend lives miles away from me. I haven't seen her in over half a year.

I don't find comfort in God. I don't see the glass half full. I don't see a glimmer of hope in the future. We all die in the end, one way or another. What is the point of suffering another 50+ years when I could end it now? 

It's pretty clear I'll never be happy. I'll never feel like a normal person can. I'll never outgrow my PTSD. I'll never not second guess every move I make because of the crippling anxiety. I'll never do anything productive because I can barely will myself out of bed. 

How do you fix the unfixable? at what point do you set down the duct tape and patch kit, and accept it?