Fuck Everything.I have nothing left to look forward to and nothing to look up to. I can only possibly get 2 GCSE's, one of which I've given up on and the other's useless in life. I have no social life and can't handle people in the slightest. I just curl up on the bench at break with my coat protecting me from the outside world. I wasn't always this way. I've only realised this since March, when my mother committed suicide. The day my entire world came crushing down.

I guess I'd better explain what this is about. I've always grown up in poverty. Not just "We can't afford computers or consoles" level of poverty, I mean scraping around underneath sofa cushions for 10p's to try and get some bread and milk.

But I was happy. It taught me to appreciate what little I had and not to worry about what I didn't have. And that's how things were for the first 15 years of my life.

In 2014, not long after we moved house, my mother became friends with a man from down the road and in the summer of last year he invited her out to play Pokemon Go. They admitted that they loved eachother, within a few months he'd moved in and in March they'd sent off marriage forms.

So, my mother had a man who loves her, a nearly 18 year old daughter getting ready for uni, a 15 year old trying with his GCSE's, and a 13 year old figuring out what his options'll be. Surely this should be the most exciting time as a parent?

Apparently not as on the 10th of March, the day after they sent off the marriage forms, Mum killed herself. She didn't leave a note and didn't say goodbye in any way. She just went out "to the shop" and never returned.

At that point social were scrambling to figure out what to do with us and the rent situation. But it's alright, we have the fiance to look after us.

Come mid April he's decided he doesn't care about us. And instead of giving us a warning, he just packs up and leaves. The first thing we knew about it was social calling my sister to let her know, that she wouldn't be able to look after my 13 year old brother and I and so we'd be put into a foster home. It took a month for us to be moved because my brother and I literally cannot share a room and we had to be near a train station so we could visit my older brother and sister.

So I was forced to move 23 miles away to a town I'd never even heard of into a house with upper class cunts who think everyone should be exactly like them who make me pay for literally everything from clothes to the light bulb in my room to pens and pencils myself despite them not letting me look for even a summer job in a cornershop and to a school full of upper-middle class people who've OBVIOUSLY never had to go without anything and look down upon the poor. I had to try and explain to someone in my art class what hunger is and what it feels like!

The biggest factors in my final decision are that people live like this while others like my mother kill themselves or even starve to death in Britain because they're barely even earning a quarter of the poverty line,  and that is my future. That's what I have to look forward to.

Here's why; I left school at 11 to start helping my mother more because of her depression making things hard for her but I just ended up not having the time for home-ed so I will have no qualifications. I can't be around people, I can't praise myself (so a CV's gonna be impossible) and I'm so fat amateur football clubs turn me down as a goalie despite being better than (or at the very least turning up more consistently than) their starting keeper. The lack of playing made me fatter and sadder because I started comfort eating and now I can't stop.

And in the past few weeks I've noticed myself waking in the early hours of the morning with a notebook on my lap, a pen in my hand and another page of the thoughts I keep firmly locked inside my head for the most part, just sprawled across another page. Stuff like "I am not me. It's all just other people's versions of me", "I have lost touch with who I really am", "How is life a gift? Answer me that, Christians", "People are dying of starvation in Britain while [foster carer's names] stuff their pockets", "People like me shouldn't exist", "These are the voices I live with 24/7/365! GET THE FUCK OUT OF ME PLEASE" Ooh, a page here that just says "FIX ME PLEASE!", "Please help me! Please I don't know what to do!", half a page of "The end is never the end is never the end is never the end" just looping (which I swear I've heard somewhere before) followed by half a page of "I'm scared" over and over again, "Don't come near me! I SAID STAY BACK! For your own good! Please help me, mummy", "Why am I this way?" and "I'll show you! I'll show you all!" on the same page, and "I'm not scared anymore. I'm ready for my final dance!" and that's just the highlights. I swear to the-nonexistent-God I'm not making this up.

The only thing that's held me here for so long is the thought of it being my brother to find me lifeless, but now I just don't care. And don't tell me I don't know what's right for me. I've still got about 50-60 years left if I don't end it and that's if I try everything (in vain) to fix my future. I don't want that long in the same poverty I've grown up in. Unlike my mother, I can't make £40 last a week. And I don't care how selfish suicide is. I am selfish.

Thanks for reading, even though I know you're rolling your eyes at the thought of yet another depressed teen on here.