This is a title. I need to come up with a title when I feel so horrible.i can't think straight. there's so much noise. a tune that plays over and over again. for 2 straight hours. it never stops. the neighbor never stops playing it. my heart feels like torn, ripped, broken. there's nobody to talk to. my head feels so messed up. one minute, my head is clear. then another minute it's so clogged. right now it feels like there's so many questions in the world to answer and it overwhelms me. nobody's ever going to care. i never feel safe and i always feel horrible. it seems like women have all this help, and i'm a guy and i don't get any help. i'm supposed to be the "majority", yet nobody sees i'm at the bottom because of what's in my head. my friends have told me they "love me", but none are ever here. i have such a bad headache and my stomach hurts. right now i'm rocking back and forth just to calm myself down because that's my last option. i'm not entirely sure why i'm such a horrible person, but i feel that i'm so horrible i can't try to get any other friends because it'll turn out the same way where I think people will want to talk to me. and i feel like somebody is watching me because of all the coincidences that keep happening. no matter how many upvotes i get or downvotes I get, nobody will really care about me at the end of the day. it feels like just a process of creation, formation, and death. i have never had a hug by anybody other than a family member or somebody over 50. not one peer. and obviously i have never kissed someone and i'm a virgin. i have no emotional support. i say something and it falls on deaf ears. people are laughing like they are crazy. i'm trapped and i can't get out. i think i will never be mentally okay. i'm just living. and that's it. i go outside because I'm forced to. i do the dishes. i don't think about it. i read. the information goes in and it goes out. i watch a tv show, listen to music, etc and sometimes it hurts to just watch it and i can't think or i'm fine until 10 minutes after the show is over. i just try to get it off my mind. so many ways and they hardly work. and the other thing is the moment when i no longer care about what other people think could just suddenly come. one day of being talked to and told how great i am will never help. i don't feel great. psychiatrists: can't help. they never have. well, better stop right now before it becomes too tl;dr. i still don't know if i could kill myself though. because i think i might enjoy it so much, I'd want to do it again. and nobody would care if i did. it hurts to wake up, be awake, and to go to sleep.