This weekend I turn 40 and I think I'm going to end my life.I smile, I laugh, I feel good sometimes, and I knit all that together giving the impression of happiness to some, but I cannot remember the last time I was happy.  Nothing I think, do, or say seems to make a difference in the world.  I scream in silence.  I moved 12 hours away from friends and family 3 years ago, and have grown so isolated to society.  I loathe interacting with people in a store, on the street, and almost everything in today's society frustrates me.  I can't see myself ever dating or even being sexual with someone again, I have such little patience with others.  Being normal at work drains me to the point that simple choirs like taking my dog for a walk have become increasingly difficult to muster.  I am nothing.  I'm just taking up space in a world I no longer feel a part of.  Living just seems utterly pointless and meaningless.  The only hesitation I have is my dog.  But he turns 12 this weekend...his age is really starting to show lately.  I know soon he'll be gone and then, I really have nothing.  I don't wanna see him go.  I mean I get it, that's the reality....but I simply don't have the emotional strength to get through something like that.  Call me a coward, I just don't want to go through that.  One of my closest friends onces said that he had no respect for people who committed suicide, it was such a lame, cowardly, easy way out.  That makes me feel like a total piece of shit that someone I respect and love thinks that way about something that has chased me since I was like 17 and is lately, consuming my thoughts every day.  Maybe I am a coward.  Isn't that reason enough to get out of the game?  I'm never married, no kids, doesn't that say a lot about what others see in me?

I'm obviously fucked up in the head and it really seems like the best thing to do.  It's rather pathetic that a grown man who otherwise has no drama and has really nothing to complain about in life, can't be happy, can't fix whatever is wrong in my head.  Then comes on some forum because I'm too ashamed to be this real with my parents or friends.  I really see no other option that to talk myself through with this.

The most depressing part of me is that I never achieved or became anything I ever really wanted to have or be.  I cannot think of a better reason to clean the gene pool than that.