ThinkingI got home from the hospital 3 days ago, and I want to go back. I hate my life and I’m so tired of living here. The hospital wasn’t even fun either; I just felt.. safe? I don’t know. It was so boring there but just thinking about my life is even worse. I don’t even want to try anymore. It as if all I do is cope with life and I just don’t understand how anybody is contempt with living. I’ve wondered before if they’re faking it like me, and that maybe I’m just not as good at faking it as them. Either way I really don’t enjoy a single thing about my life and I know they have at least something. Sometimes I don’t even feel human and I’m pretty sure that feeling of complete emptiness is what’s gotten me this far. I’m not a bad kid, and I try in school. I get good grades but I can’t take it anymore. I also left home awhile back and while that did help a little bit I’m still feeling like shit and I hate it. I’m homeschooled now and I’ve tried so hard to keep myself afloat. I’ve done a lot to try and recover from depression too but maybe I just have a bad personality. I’m not negative, but because It’s so hard to feel happy I’m always let down. I hate my family and I hate myself. I wish they would’ve helped me sooner because I think it’s too late now. I was diagnosed with dysthymia with double depressive episode at the hospital so I don’t expect to get better. I did before but I’ve tried and tried and tried and nothing ever changes. My family might as well be strangers, I have no hobbies other than drawing (which I only do to pass time) and, like my hobby, my only skill is art. I hate art but I do it anyways. I don’t see myself getting better and I cannot see myself enjoying life no matter what happens. I didn’t attempt suicide to get into the hospital, but for awhile now I’ve been planning on running away to jump off a high area. It probably won’t happen but the thought makes me feel better. I hated childhood and I hate being a teenager. I’ll probably hate being an adult too. Nothing seems good and I’ve already lost hope. I’m going to either drop out of high school soon and kill myself in a few years or kill myself sometime soon. I truly hate life and it’s been nothing but cruel to me thus far. 
I’m sorry for writing this. I’m just feeling god awful. 