even my friends think im good for nothingi know im dumb, i know im never anyone’s first choice. but a part of me wants to believe that my friends don’t think of me like that. i am super bad with all my mental illnesses, i keep coming on here just a repeating cycle of wanting to die and having problem after problem. im well aware im not healthy but all my friends seem to do is point it out. 

i was okay with it at first, i thought they were just concerned about me even though i don’t share a lot of my problems to them. but then one of my friends decided he wanted to pick apart every aspect of my personality. he always says how he only wanted to be friends with me cuz im weird, and that talking to me is awkward and uncomfortable. i always feel defensive when he’s around, no matter how hard i try im too quiet or too awkward and annoying. then he always puts the blame on me because to him im acting “shady” and he wishes i was different. 

part of me thinks i wouldn’t still be friends with him if my best friends weren’t also friends with him. one of them always agrees with him about what he says about me, it makes me feel miserable like im the problem. honestly at this point i cant tell if im the problem or if we just don’t mix well together. 

i had a rough life, talking to my parents was hell so all i had was my friends, now i feel like i cant even talk to them without being judged. i hate it, i honestly wanted to end my entire life the other day just because of how shitty i felt. 

now i really don’t know what to do. im trying to get a promotion at my job and my manager is very confident that i’ll get it and says i’ll do well. i was happy, it was perfect, not the job i quite want yet but im slowly working towards my goal and i was satisfied with the progress. i told my friends and they seemed supportive. but then that friend found out i might get it and completely ruined my excitement. they were berating me and treating me like a child. they kept asking if i could handle it in a super condescending voice. ive been preparing for this job for months, i can basically do everything for it and the second i have a chance he brings me back down. now he’s telling my friends how unready and naive i am and keeps saying it’s because he’s worried about me. i felt awful but i would have left it alone, i didn’t want to be an asshole. 

however, today i found out that he told one of my other managers that im super unready and don’t know what im getting into and that they should “talk me out of it”. i felt so betrayed, like i see now that they all just see me as incompetent and now im worried i wont get the job. i hate being seen this way, as stupid and like i cant do anything right. it seriously hurts that someone im close to us doing this especially since ive known the guy for a while and he’s been doing all this just recently. i feel like there’s something wrong with me to make him see me as this. im supposed to hear from my managers if i got it or not by the end of the week and honestly i seriously hope i die before then 