Alone, tell me why not to just pop these pills?15 year relationship, was perfect. Her father died and she list it. Started doing meth behind my back. Caused a lot of fights because she was literally chemically out of her mind. 

Put my entire life into her. Dropped all my friends because she had cheated in the past and they didn't support my decision to forgive or they made fun if her. 

Closed my business so she could spend time with her dying father and travel with him. I was told I had to be part of the family and go along on the travels. Burned through all my emergency savings I had set aside for us. I have it all up happily for her. I always asked her if she was sure this was long term. She always assured me it was. 

Today she tells me she doesn't live me anymore. She has been stringing me along for 2 years now telling me to wait and give her time to figure things out. 

I have nothing. I can't work right now, I have diagnosed depressive and anxiety disorders that are through the roof right now. They have all proven to be treatment resistant. I'm starting to look into what amounts to electric shock therapy but my brain is about the only thing I like about myself, or at least the only thing I have that's perhaps an edge over some situations. 

If I were to die, the only way anyone would know is when my rotten body smelled so bad the neighbors called it in. I don't even have a car. My family are all dead. I have a step father who ripped me off for 400 grand. I'm in massive debt as my g/f of 15 years went on a 125 grand shopping spree. I will lose my home that I used to own free and clear but she needed a remodel so now I owe 120 grand on it. 

Making friends with my old friends is a no go. They are all alcoholic drug addict idiots. It is no joke, quite literally, were I to pop about 200mg of some Xanax or klonopin I would not wake up. Happily go to sleep and be done with it all. No pain. Sounds really nice. Oh, the no joke applied to the no one noticing. I can go months without a phone call and when someone does call it's old work related and they want something. 

Maybe in two weeks of not showing up to my dr she would notice or make a call and then 2 weeks later if my credit card and phone got shut off and she called a dead number she may look deeper, otherwise I suspect she would just assume I discontinued treatment. She knows if my g/f leaves me I would not be able to pay her as my g/G's mom pays for that now as it is. 

So tell me, what do I have to lose? There's no loss, no gain. I'm pushing 40. It's not like I'm going to go out and make new friends that mean a shit. Look at the post on ask reddit where it asked how many true friends you have. Anyone not 20 that was 30 plus years old said zero. Sad. Everyone's life is sad. 

Why do I want to be a part if this miserable place? Not a soul would know I was gone, no one would show up at my funeral because there wouldn't be one because who would plan and pay for it?

I hate my patents for not building a stronger social circle for me as a child. I hate my family for all dying when I was in my teens. 

I hate myself for posting this in reddit. I've got plenty of ways to pull it off. I'm not the idiot type to fail, I know what I'm doing well enough to succeed. If I didn't I know how to use google good enough. But damnit. Without a car the exhaust pipe is kinda hard to get to. 

So... Why?

Yep, probably lots of spelling mistakes, kill me for it, please. 

