Life is getting a bit too real...Hi /r/suicidewatch, courtesy note that this is a throwaway and also thanks for doing this. I actually felt suicidal today and coincidentally I discovered this subreddit via my fb feed. Potentially long, just typing as I go...

A little bit about myself: 25(m), working for 3 years since graduation with a slightly above average wage, not in North America. 

A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.... I come from a pretty well-off family, fancy apartment, luxury German sedan, fancy clothes, but honestly I see myself as pretty down to earth. I never asked for anything, I eat $5 footlong for lunches, I was perfectly happy when I can get away with 'borrowing without prior notice' parent's credit card for my world of warcraft subscription. Those happy days.
 
Fast forward today, parents are split, they are in serious debt, and my mum is dying and we cannot afford medical expenses. Oh and on top of all that I am extremely heartbroken and work is killing me. I can write another essay each on the latter two points but I guess that would make this post way too long.

In a nutshell my parents fucked up hard. Since ’08 my parents have been jobless and apparently bleeding tons of cash. I would always ask if everything was OK. Their response was to say it’s none of my business and to just focus on my studies/work.  So I listened. I had no reason to suspect anything since their lavish lifestyles remained unchanged, I just assumed they had some investments parked somewhere. Turns out they couldn't handle reality and coupled with piss poor financial discipline, we are where we are today. When I did the math I literally went “I have to deliberately aim to fuck up to end up like this”. I was so pissed.  I had to take charge, make a feasible plan, force them to move the fuck out of this rented fancy ass apartment, and control their budgets, like who the fuck is supposed to be the parents here? I managed to limit the bleeding substantially, but with what we had it could only last us so long, ignoring the mountain of debt. The debt simply cannot be repaid. Mum would not consider bankruptcy since she threatened to commit suicide. So I told her to leave the country and to live with my sibling who is working in Canada (min wage more or less). With my income I could sustain myself (I lost 30 lbs over the years btw from 180 lbs, 6’1”) so gave her the bulk of the remaining cash. I hoped it would last them a couple of years but surprise, they burnt through it in a year. My mum could not limit her spending to a sustainable level. So we sent her to the US to her brother who is doing quite well. For a couple of months I thought we could finally catch a break and maybe even dare dream of a normal life. But no. Mum is seriously sick and US healthcare is notoriously expensive without insurance. So she has to fly back to Canada where it is ‘cheaper’. Problem now is we could not afford to rent an apartment for her and pay for medical expenses. My sibling is having enough trouble feeding himself already, so I proposed she reached out to her sister who also resides in Canada. Makes sense right? Well she said she'd rather die than to ask her sister for help (apparently they have some beef from a decade ago). I was fuming. Got into an argument and she demanded that I give her a few thousand of dollars and she will take care of it herself. I did not trust her with the money, she has no financial plans, like how long does she think she can survive with a few thousand? Where would she go? She is basically going to wing it. I refused and got a long hate email. Last I heard from my uncle she is morbidly sick. Do I wire the money? Do I try and call her bluff to force her to reach out to her sister? 

I talked to some of my closest friends. One of my best friends said I should just wire the money, too much is at stake and hopefully she will learn her (expensive) lesson. I personally know that makes sense but I really do not want to drop my hard earned money knowing it will most likely go to waste. I seriously do not mind at all paying for medical expenses, I just didn't agree with unaffordable rent expenses. I’m at a point where I am so fed up and tired, I don't mind if she just rolls over. Horrible to say right? The thing I am most scared of right now is not even knowing who I am anymore. Who is inside of me? I don't recognize myself anymore. I have turned into a cold hearted robot. I used to be anything but. “You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself turn into a villain” pretty accurate regarding my feelings right now. This sort of touches upon my relationship problems which is totally ruined and I am so fucking heartbroken. I vented all my problems in even greater detail to another dear friend of mine over skype… I basically said some horrible things and I inadvertently hurt her. I didn't mean it. I don't want to stress out the people I care about anymore so here I am… I am so tired there is no silver lining and I was this close from killing myself. I didn’t even mention about my colon cancer yet fuck (had my first full body check like 6 years ago, they found a 1cm tumor, removed during colonoscopy and I was supposed to check annually; stopped because unaffordable.) Only reason I stopped killing myself is because I didn’t want to leave my beloved sibling behind. But next time I have an episode I don’t know if I will be resilient enough to overcome it.. I can't put on a mask every morning and hide it from the world and continue smiling anymore. I can't stay positive. Work is stressful seriously someone just kill me. Same same but different... still same? Don't really expect any sort of responses/possible solutions, just wanted to let it out... so please don't ask for more details. Appreciate any support/general comments and to keep this low profile. Thanks for reading.

TL;DR: broke as fuck, mum is dying, just got my heart broken into a trillion pieces, work sucks, got cancer (maybe), don’t recognize myself anymore, took it out on my friends and now feel alone.
