My OCD is ruining my life, and now I want to die. I don't know how anything could help, ever. What would you do?I've known for a long time that my irrational fear of (certain) diseases was a symptom of OCD, but since I didn't do anything else (like washing hands, checking locks a million time), I just figured it was regular hypochondria - but hypochondriacs seem to be afraid of all diseases, which was my first clue that this wasn't just hypochondria. Further, I developed certain behaviors to cope with the fear of disease, like spending hours googling symptoms and calculating risks, writing down all the reasons I *do* have a disease and then all the reasons why I *don't* and see what weighs the heaviest. Currently I fear HIV, and I've come to realize that is not very uncommon for OCD sufferers.   
   
I sat down and contemplated whether or not anything else in my life carried symptoms of OCD (the irony in this is *almost* amusing), and realized I hardly do any actions over the day that don't involve OCD like thought patterns in some way or another. Some patterns are less severe, but I recognize the patterns nonetheless.    
   
Unknown number calls? I must google the number before I call it back. Can't talk to strangers.  
I must not initiate events with my boyfriend more than every other time. I must keep tabs.  
I must crochet unless I do anything else. I can't *not* do anything.  
My boyfriend hates me if he hasn't called for three days. Or *he knows* (I don't know what he'd know, but I know *he knows* for sure) what I did. I can then list at least ten reasons why he hates me, evidence and such.  
There is always somewhere else I should be. Always. Can't figure out where.  
There is always a risk of everything. Death, disease, accidents. If someone doesn't answer their, phone, they are probably dead. Or, they hate me.    
I have trouble being on time for stuff in the morning, because if I put my alarm clock on, I won't fall asleep. Too busy fearing I won't sleep and that I'll somehow miss the alarm clock, or that I will be too tired the day after to actually do what I scheduled. I'm late for school every day because of this, and I figure it's better to come late than never. 
  
There's more, but it's early and I can't remember more for the time being, might add later if it's interesting...  
However, I do remember certain things I did as a child that are surefire signs I was developing OCD -   
I was very afraid of fire and would blow out any candle I saw. Always.  
I couldn't sit on a chair unless it was perfectly aligned with the table. I could spend minutes adjusting the chair and if it misaligned as I sat down I had to repeat the whole process.  
I would always call my mom every two hours if she was outside the house (she didn't work when I grew up) just to check if she wasn't dead.  
In my early teens I'd chew gum all the time. I portioned out packs of gum based on how long it'd take one piece to turn into mush, and even broke pieces in half just to make it through the day. I had to have fresh breath at all times, and the only way to do this was to always have gum in my mouth. If I did not have gum, I skipped school. People laughed when I told them this, they didn't realize this was life or death for me.   
I had to go to bed before eight o'clock. There was no way around this (this was before I turned 8), and if I somehow wasn't in bed by then I'd freak completely out.   
   
I was told that when I was four years old, I did not want siblings. When my little brother was born, he was very sick, and I went around believing my desire to not have siblings actually caused him to nearly die. Nobody explained to me that I did not do this until much later, and I think this might be the root of my OCD. By then I had probably developed rituals to cope with my 'magical powers'. I don't remember this, of course, so it's only a guess.   
   
As you can see, this has taken over my life completely. It gets worse when I'm in a relationship, because I fear transmitting (imaginary) diseases, getting (imaginary) diseases, being hated for calling too much, being hated for calling too little, fearing the other person's death, and so on. If I'm not in a relationship it's slightly better, but I still suffer. I don't know what to do anymore. I realize this will run my life forever - if I ever become a mother, I'd probably shelter my child to the point of isolation, fearing it'd die outside, or something. If I ever got a proper job, I'd never be on time, and if I ever learned to drive I'd be too afraid, fearing I'd die in an accident... When I tell people I suffer from these patterns, these symptoms, they either tell me to calm the fuck down, or that it's 'normal' - well, I don't know, perhaps it is, but it's ruining my life nonetheless. I don't want to live like this. I consider suicide every day, just jumping out the window and slam down into the pavement five stories down...   
Oh, and every time I somehow eliminate an obsession, a new arises. My head is always spinning away at some "What if...?"  
I'm fed up. I can't do this anymore. I want to end it all...

- - -   
TL;DR: OCD RUINS EVERYTHING - nothing I do seems free of the patterns. Scared 100% of the time, been like this since childhood, can't take it anymore. What should I do?