I feel like I’m a ticking time bomb.Hi everyone. First post. I hope I’m doing this whole thing right. I’ve been struggling with mental illness for a long time. It all spiralled when my brother killed himself 5 years ago, from then on everything has been an effort. I have been on medication for a long time and every now and then I have my down times but I usually get back on my feet and feel relatively fine. Around a month ago, my medication suddenly started making me feel agitated and unsettled, it wasn’t a nice feeling so I stopped all my medication cold turkey (a terrible, stupid idea, I know! I didn’t think it through). The first two weeks I felt great and then last week, 3 weeks without my meds, I had an episode where I was screaming and crying and inconsolable due to being triggered by the smallest thing: a sound. It has never been like this before. Sure, some sounds get under my skin but while medicated, I can usually control it. It scared my parents and I feel terrible about it. They are such caring, beautiful people who have done so much for me and I constantly feel like a burden and failure. For some reason I get triggered by them sometimes, by certain things they do (it’s not intentional, and they truly can’t help it, I know that. it’s just my stupid, awful brain). Part of it stems down to something that happened to me as a kid (nothing they did, I assure you), I told them about it last week and they were supportive but these moods are getting worse and I spoke to a general practitioner last week (not my regular one because her next appointment isn’t until January and same with my psychiatrist too). She has had me start back on one of my medications and I will see her again next week. As the title says, I feel like a ticking time bomb. I am getting so irritable and I can’t control it. I hate that my family have to witness it... I feel like an idiot. I just feel terrible that they are stuck with a god awful daughter like me. I have so much to be thankful for, I just started a new job — my first “real” job, not including the brief jobs I did as a teenager. My parents love me and I have friends and extended family who love me too, but for some reason I just feel like ending it all. I don’t have any plans to do so at the moment and would never want to hurt my parents like that considering it’s how my brother died, but I don’t trust myself when I’m having an episode.

I apologise for rambling and I hope this makes sense. Thanks for reading. Any advice would be appreciate... I’m in such a predicament right now.