I'm desperate. Hey folks; I have never posted here before...it feels rather strange to do so... I've always kept to myself specially when I'm at my lowest... but I'm reaching my breaking point.
I'm so tired.
 I hate....i hate how even after being accepted to an amazing university and keeping everything in life steady I managed to fix a lot of my relationships...im going out more overall I'm happier than I have been in a long time ; except one thing, has me fucking miserable. I hate how that nothing will matter until I am able to transition (I'm ftm transgender) for as long as I can remember I have felt miserable and I could always track it back to this. I've been too afraid of romantic or sexual relaionships or any sort of physical contact my whole goddamn life because of it. 
 If you want to have me squirming and suffering all you have to do is touch anywhere on my body.
 I hate that I have destroyed friendships  because of the all the self hatred I've always had to deal with. 
 I've always tried to be level headed. 
 I'm sick of trying to keep up the façade I'm tired of my mother caring more about what other peple will think or say than my own happiness and comfort. why can't she accept me. 
 I look in the mirror and I want to throw up. I want to punch myself bloody; That's what I deserve.
 I hate how every step forward seems like 2 steps back from getting the treatment I need.
 I have been waiting for so long and the wait keeps getting more and more painful. 
 I crave my mother's approval I feel guilty about taking her daughter away from her I feel so  horrible.
 I'm a disgusting human being for doing this to her and to my family and friends.
Why can't I just live this way... sometimes I think about doing so but when I do I have such visceral wish for death. I don't want to live like that.  I rather die.
 But I don't want to leave my family and friends and animals behind I can't do this. I can't take this away from my mother...she has been diagnosed with cancer and my grandmother just recently passed. I feel so guilty.
 I can't live with myself without her approval. I want her to rename me. 
 I feel so guilty I keep falling back into this spiral and I'm so tired I don't know what to do.
 I don't know what to do I'm so lost and I'm sorry this is so erratic my mind is going at a thousand miles per hour right now. 

I want to die... but I feel too guilty.

I don't understand how there's people out there who are "proud" to be transgender why would you be proud of this.
Proud of something that causes nothing but pain, confusion and an underlying deathwish....right. 

I keep going back and forth I want to die but I also don't want to. I feel like in making progress in everything else but the more I do the more distant the possibility for treatment seems. 
I'm desperate. I'm so tired. I hate this. I hate how this shit doesn't allow me to be happy. 
I'm working so hard and for what...only to be thrown back into depression and desperation the moment I look in the mirror or the moment I take a shower or the moment I need to touch any part of my own body. It's all wrong everything about it is wrong. This isn't me. And I think I rather die if I can't change it any time soon.

I'm sorry. My mind is all over the place.
I'm so tired.

It's all a constant back and forth. One moment I think I'm fine and the other I want to die.