I really don't want to dieMy story isn't the saddest in the world. It's not the ugliest or most bizarre unfortunate thing you've ever read about. It's a lot easier to write to strangers because then I don't have to face the humiliation of exposing myself to anyone who could have an opinion about me. 
Starting with 2014, I discovered my sister was cheating on her boyfriend with some guy online, who she had met over a video game her and I played together. I told her I knew and asked her to stop, and she said she would. 
Fast forward 2 years, when my parents discover her online friends and boyfriend, and my mom and sister's relationship totally falls apart. Of course I considered their screaming at each other as partly my fault, because I knew about it long before it became such a large part of her life. And in all honesty, yes, I should have followed up, so I did have a small part to play.

Fast forward again to my senior year, 2016. My sister has gone to college and I live with my parents. We're coming home one night from a dinner with my dad's parents, and my mom stands off with my dad in the kitchen while I'm in the doorway. "Give me the phone," she's demanding, really angry. I'm afraid of her when she's like this. 
My dad's chin is kind of raised indignantly, his glasses slightly down over the bridge of his nose. "No," he said, and she asked again. He refuses, and my mom storms upstairs, slams the door to her bedroom sobbing. The next day in school, I get a call from my mom's workplace that she never showed up. Given that my dad had done something, what I didn't know, and that my mom was an absolute mess, I was afraid she'd crashed her car on the way to her building, so I bursted out in tears- humiliating in class- and called my dad, only to find out she was WITH him. I asked what was going on, but they refused to tell me. They never told me. For the next 12 months, I was awaken at 3 am every night to them screaming at each other, and I didn't even know why. That was when my mental health changed. I was always a bullied chubby kid growing up, but it wasn't anything that I resent, and junior/senior year were relatively easy in the social aspect. But my assignments weren't getting done because I was sleeping during the day, and my motivation to socialize/do the work became nonexistent. Somehow, I finished senior year with B's, and friends. I went off to college, leaving my parents to fight their own battle.
 Then in November, I was home for the weekend. They were still fighting. My dad came downstairs with a suitcase, and informed me that he was going to stay with his parents for awhile, and he left. I moved in with my mom to help her, as she'd become anorexic trying to be skinnier for him, and I bought myself a kitten to help me, because I needed something since home and family wasn't there anymore. 

My dad would come and go two more times, and my kitten would die four months later gruesomely in my arms. During this time, I learned that my dad had cheated on my mom. I never understood their problems until my mom told me what happened, why he wasn't there and she was an absolute mess. I didn't know how much confusion would come from that for me. The man that I was raised by, and trusted, had suddenly become that bad guy in a story. It was surreal and weird because he was my dad; this was my family. we had never had problems before, and I never imagined him to have the capability to hurt people so much. He was selfish and evil, but I couldn't hate him. I don't hate him, but I resent him with every fiber in me. My mom's body and personality were destroyed, her trust is never coming back given that her father beat her growing up. I wouldn't forgive him, but he hasn't apologized to me, the kid that was dragged along into the mess that he created. He lives again with my mom, I live with them, but I want nothing more than for them to divorce. They don't argue anymore, but my mom gets triggered so easily, and my dad is a fucking liar who destroyed our family- at least the concept of family for me. 
My sister, mom and I weren't good enough for him, apparently. And how fitting that fate would kill the only thing I relied on for stability and comfort. 

Anyways, backstory over, I'm here. I'm in rome on vacation, and I just want to stay in bed. I am depressed and anxious, I've just left a very close friend of mine because I could see him in the process of replacing me, and the only other close friend I have has too many problems of her own to listen to mine. It's odd knowing that you're not exactly worth anything, to be practical and know the truth through the lies that people tell you. Maybe that's prideful, but it's practical. I have never seen myself as worth anything, no one thinks of me and wonders how I am. I'll be friends with people, but they get bored and move on to more interesting personalities. I've come to terms with that and it's not so bad. It's lonely, and really fucking awful when it happens with people that are close (those ones keep me in bed for a few days), but I know they don't care, they have other people to distract them, I don't. Everyone next to me is too broken themselves to have mine, hell, a friend told me that my highschool best friend didn't talk to me anymore because I "pressured him with my anxiety and seeking for help". My anxiety has destroyed every relationship I've had, it just did with that close friend (ex-close friend??). 

I'm pretty sure I'm at the end of the road here. I'm in fucking ROME, and all I can think about is how I can die without causing alarm or hurting people. I really don't want to die, but it's the only shitty way out of this never ending cycle of being replaced and disappointed. I sound so dramatic, it makes me cringe, but it's the truth. I read that dehydration can work, or hypothermia. I'm tired of caring way too fucking much about people that ultimately don't give two shits about me (which is fine). I don't seem to learn, time after time, I always get my hopes up. Guys, even my therapist told me I wasn't pretty; if that's not tell tale then I'm not sure what drug you're on. I have no interest in doing anything I used to love, including travel. My feet are in thick cement but it's not drying. I'm just trudging along with this heavy ass nothing that feels like someone's ripped out every organ that keeps me alive. No, I absolutely do not want to die, but I have no interest in doing "all that I haven't done", what's the point when the world will just keep spinning without someone it doesn't notice anyways? 

Not sure when, but that "it'll get better" hope is definitely gone.