I just want someone to say I'm sorry and give me a hug...I'll admit as a guy that yeah I actually like hugs, I never got them. And when my folks do give them it's not for me it's cause either they want me to hug them or they didnt want to look bad for what they did to me and say see I hugged the boy.  My family all is either not allowed to see me or have failed me. My friends have all back stabbed me.  My buds online the same and are hardly friends at that. And there's so much with my ex...  I have helped people for years and never have asked for help, I never even told people of my abusive life and how I feel till I met her.  I don't blame her for it, honestly the only thing she ever did wrong was live in a home with worst abuse then I face and made me watch knowing I couldn't stop it or the manipulation... I lost all my strength without a wall I'm not fortified I never felt or dealt with anything emotional before this year, I'm 16 and just the other week I was at a friend's house and I realised how broken I am, I cut my finger with my blade on accident and his mom and kinda the dad kept trying to help me and telling me it is a big deal u got hurt just let us help u and me saying I ain't a child I'm fine and them telling me ur still a kid and it's only natural for us to want to help u and me realizing my parents haven't loved me in 10 years and they even told me for awhile without me realizing what they meant... My childhood has been long gone and my buds consider me the dad if the group cause of how serious I am... I just... I'm broken, I just need a hug and I maybe cry, there's so much going on and I don't even have to courage to say what and I've tried to vaguely ask for help in reddit and then jokingly said it hurts no one is even acknowledging my post in a meme and no one is even acknowledging me anymore cause ever since I learned I can talk to people and open up I lost everyone I have either cause I'm too annoying and talk to much or other reasons that makes it worse then I was originally dealing with... I just want comfort from a talk or a stable life or hell maybe death, I'm a religious man I'm supposed to be ready for it.  I ask to die every day cause I can't kill myself cause of it... Even though my one friend did and others trying... I want to stop feeling something, and I'm not saying I'm going to do something right now but I'm at the point where I'm thinking this may be the only way to get that.