I want to die. Please help.I have not seen anyone. I have not been clinically diagnosed as depressed. Maybe I do not even suffer from depression.
But the level of depression and misery I feel lately has started to go from functionally depressed to unfunctionally depressed.
I feel extremely miserable and lonely to the point where I am almost constantly thinking about killing myself. I don't ever want to eat, I can't sleep, I don't want to talk to anyone. I have to wake up for a job everyday from 6am-5pm. I have to go to this job, act normal, stay focused, get all my work done, put a smile on my face for my boss and my coworkers... and every single day its getting harder and harder.
Its physically getting hard because I barely eat and I'm already underweight as it is. I barely sleep too so I feel my body breaking down. I feel constantly exhausted and my stomach is in pain from starvation. But I have such a little appetite that I'd rather die to avoid having to eat. I'd rather die to avoid trying to sleep.
Its mentally getting hard because my mental state is so fogged up. It almost feels like I have a constant headache and my thoughts are no longer focused or clear, it's a struggle to stay focused at work, to stay focused on conversations. And I just have all these constant negative thoughts about suicide and death and how much i want to die.
Its emotionally getting hard because every second I'm at work I'm struggling not to break down and cry. I'm struggling to stay composed when inside of me everything hurts so fucking bad. It hurts so bad and feels so shitty that I don't want to live anymore.
I imagine jumping off a bridge more than 20x a day or when I walk down the street I imagine how nice it would be if a car could just hit me. Suicide and death is just an arms reach away but a part of me still feels scared. What will death feel like? Will it be painful? Will it be peaceful? What will it be like after I die? For me and for the people who knew me. Will this destroy my mom and my family?
I don't really have any friends. I don't really have anyone to care for me. I feel absolutely and utterly alone. Please help.