I found out that the SuicideHotline has a queueI feel like I can't talk to anybody about this. To sum it up, I recently ruined my chances with the girl of my dreams and learned I'm just a terrible person. I hate living with this idea that i'm always going to be like this. I'm posting this is a Starbucks because I know at home I'm going to end up making rash choices. 

To go into detail (which will also help take my mind off of things)
I've always had suicidal thoughts. A lot of the time I would just resort to cutting myself because that would help bring my back to reality but lately I just wan the real thing. My last actual episode happened over 4 years ago so I thought I was good. After joining a christian organization on the uni. campus I thought it would be good for me. I met and fell in love with the girl of my dreams. I thought I had purpose living for God and things were going to get brighter. This all came to a shattering halt last night. Now me and the my dream lady were waiting until the end of the semester to become official but we liked hanging out and going on late night drives. Last night's drive was the most physical we've gotten, I was holding her hand and we were cuddling (From the driver's and passenger's seat) and it was great. She even attempted to kiss me which made me feel so special but I wanted to do things right and in attempt to honor her, pushed her lips aside and explained that I want to wait until we're official to do stuff like that. It was late and we were just staring at each other with the seat's reclined, enjoying each other's presence. Her eyes looked outstanding, I could feel my heart swelling for her, I had every intention to make this woman my wife. I wanted to comment on how amazing she was and said "You're so beautiful -other girl's name-" The girl's name I said was a girl i was interested in the summer but nothing ever happened besides a cup of coffee. Now a little context, The girl I'm currently in love with,let's call her A, has had bad experiences in the past where guys would do the exact same thing to her and would be cheating on her. I knew all about it but was not worried because I knew I wasn't cheating on her at the time nor was I ever intending to. All I could think about was this girl. She started freaking out and I started freaking out because I had no idea what happened. Summer girl, we'll call her M, was out of the picture and I had no feelings whatsoever for her. I don't know why and can't explain why her name came out of my mouth. After a horrible car ride I feel like such an asshole, I can't believe that would happen. I feel so horrible for doing that to her when she let her guard down for me, and I feel like I'm never going to change. After  attempting to reconcile things A had her mind set that we we're only going to remain friends. Its crushing me that I would do that to her, that I would ruin things with her for no reason at all. Its killing me that I lost my hope of happiness for no reason at all. I cry out to God and ask him to just do some sort of intervention but nothing happens. I attempted to get into contact with the suicide hotline but I was left on hold and just felt worthless. All I can think about is just offing myself so I can't hurt anyone like that ever again. I haven't slept, haven't eaten, nothing seems to thoroughly distract me or help. I really don't want to commit suicide but the thoughts just keeping repeating in my head over and over and my mind keeps replaying A's face when i said M's name. I know a common thing people say is "what about family" or "What about friends" and truthfully, my family doesn't care too much about me. I don't have many friends because I tend to just inadvertently be an ass to them and push them away. So many different possibilities keep running through my mind and i don't know what to do at this point. I don't want to see A because I know it is going to just further wreck me that I could've had that. I don't want to talk about it with the few friends I have because I know they'll get mad at me for hanging out with A so late rather than try to help or they'll just say "Focus on god only" and leave it at that. I don't know what to do and I've lost my best friend.

A, I'm so sorry... 