Just got out of crisis...Three nights ago I felt my world ending.  My health, my job, my parental instinct... 

I devoured an entire 220mg bottle of aleve, 60-80 tablets.  My own situation was deteriorating in the prior weeks when my ex (whom I live with) had decided tuesday night was the night to push me over the edge.  

She watched me as I took all those pills.  She immediately calls to my mother and she comes to see me.  They call family doctor, as my frustrations were controlling me I told them had they called - I would leave.  I did.  I drove the distance to see my father and tell him what is done, is done.  He refused to allow me to leave. 

I left, headed over to my place of solace as I felt my world melting from the palms of my hands.  Many calls between my ex and mother later and after 45 minutes... something came over me.  I had no control at the time as I began to drive back home.  I was pulled over by a state trooper who was on the search for me.  He called in two local units to assist.  Not long after I was headed in an ambulance (after puking once, two times more in transit) to the nearest ER/Psych/Crisis center.  I voluntarily admitted (really didn't have a choice) myself into a 72hr minimum "safe haven" program.  

Therapies, groups, and useful tools to help control various afflictions were the structure.  The nurses there were great help to anything we had needed, to an extent of course.  

The first night I had visitors.  I got to see my son, and my mother.  My ex and her mother came as well.  Things were ok as I tried to pay no attention to my ex (as she is the source of my pain and depression) and devote everything to my son, and I did.

Visiting hours were drawing to a close, my ex's mom left the room and my ex began to get close.  As the problematic side of me, I tried to refuse.  However the desire to still have her was so much stronger.  I felt so weak.  

We stood for what seemed like hours there, clenching each others bodies (it really wasn't hugging...) It honestly felt like we were one person.  We kissed each other and then I walked everyone out and after all I could do was break down and cry.  I laid there in my own lament trying to put it all together. 

I was just released today, shortly after noon.  I know not what her intent is.  She is with someone else.  My son is strapped between us.  I am now on Prozac, my depression is worsening, my family is beginning to join the brawl against her.  I can turn to nowhere else.  This entire situation is now wickedly out of any control that anyone can issue.  

There is nothing I can do.  I feel like a failure at everything including suicide, except parenthood.  I have no better quality, I love my son... this pain is far to great to bear on my shoulders.