Something has to changeOh, 17. What do I say?  It's far too late, and I have to spend time writing this, even though nobody cares. Wow lucky me! Soon I'll be able to sleep. I'll fall through the skies, over water, and over terrain. Then wake up the next day as the same person. With the same memories or in my case lack of, thoughts, opinions, and beliefs (again lack of). You know, I wish I was able to buy into spirituality, religion, the afterlife, the supernatural, etc because I believe having some sort of faith would make dealing with misery and other sufferings easier. Religious people usually have faith in their identities as they believe that there is a higher force dictating their life with rules and dogma on the "right" way to live. Have someone pull the strings for you, if you will. I once heard this Buddhist quote, "The only suffering is the mind's addiction to identity." True, if only you could control the way you were perceived. I feel something's lost, and nothing is gained in living every day. The absence of life creates unbearable pain. I will never be a normal person. I simply don't understand anything. I don't have this natural ability that people seem to possess. It's not even an "ability" it's the simple thoughtless way people exist. I'm quite pathetic as is. I don't think it's possible to change. There are things you cannot learn, you can't teach yourself human instinct. I tried. That's all I'll say. Just one good day will never come. Really just a single day, but there was nothing.  That's what I was hoping for all year but not a single thing. Not a single thing changed. Nothing. Inside my own self-pity, I'll swim around forever. Every day is the exact same. Life is all an endless cycle with all the days blended together. Nobody sees me, I mean literally, no one sees me. I wish I could make it so nobody has to see me ever again. I'm stuck in this existence. I'm stuck to face the same day every day. To see myself go through the motions. I must cooperate with a script written by a tentative universe that I got to skim over once while everyone else can read it every day. Life is hell on earth with pain being the only constant. I want to be transcendent. But Nothing, it will always be nothing. Everything is nothing. All pretend for pity. Fix me. If only we were actually all the same. What a shame we're not. My day won't ever come. The common denominator is nothing. That's why I'm leaving. That's why I want to walk out of life's open door. I just wanted one friend. Really how hard is that? There are no options right now but soon I hope. That's all I can do. When I'm in the same life next year then it's all a lie for me and me only I guess.

Anyone else hate how bitter they are towards happy people or people with friends and stuff? It makes me feel like a horrible person.