So this is my storyHi, I'm a 23 year old guy from sweden hitting 24 this summer.

I have accomplished nothing in my life, I have dropped out of school, gone back and dropped out again more than once.

I live on welfare(I think that's the word, you'll have to excuse my english. A crappy amount of money each month to people with no other options). I don't seem to enjoy anything at all, I sit at the computer day in day out playing League of Legends or reading about it. I don't even like the game that much anymore it's just I have nothing else to do and I default to doing what I usually do. I actually spend more time reading about it than playing it because I can't find the motivation to play. The biggest reason I do this is because it keeps my mind off things I suppose. 

Whenever I decide to "do something with my life" it always ends up with me lying in my bed having suicidal thoughts. Picturing different scenarios and ways to kill myself, because honestly: I'm almost 24 and I have absolutely nothing to show for it. My dad and mom split when I was very young. I have older brothers and sisters that remember her, but the only image I can ever find in my mind of mom is her taking a bite with her teeth of a fork with hot food. Pretty ridiculous, I know. Anyway she died when I was eight. Connecting the pieces of the stories I heard, she OD'd, passed out on a bench in the winter and died because she was very self destructive(I understood this back then :/ ). I did try to kill myself once when I was 10 by drinking dish washing soap(again is this the correct words?) Needless to say it wasn't as lethal as I thought back then. When my dad found me puking it up and crying I deflected it with humor like I always do saying I wanted to know what the citrus soap tasted like. This is a joke in my family I still hear at christmas and other family gatherings, and it still makes me feel so damn guilty for some reason.

I don't know how coherent this post has been this far and I'm sorry, but I still think about killing myself very often. I wish I could, but I can never do it because it makes me feel so guilty about what everyone around me would say about my family that I love for some reason(They call me a fuck-up, with a pet name for me that they like to use sometimes that translates into "Mr. Useless"). And most of all the people that seem to actually care about me would feel, if I took my life I would let them down and all the time they spent on me. At the same time life just doesn't seem worth living for a useless piece of shit like me.

Thanks for reading my story, I don't know how coherent it is. But it took me an hour to write this and 5 hours to work up the courage to write it.

Here's hoping nobody I know finds this post.