Between a rock and a hard placeThrowaway account because the last time I wrote something here (about 2 years ago) I got a lot of hateful responses and I don't need more piling on to my old post.
I guess I need to spew into the abyss about how I'm feeling because I know I can't go to anyone around me for help. I am having a major depressive episode (self diagnosed, but I've been diagnosed with them enough to know when I'm having one), on top of dysthymia, OCD, PTSD, and BPD (been diagnosed with them repeatedly since my last attempt in 2004). This is my 5th one in 4 years, and now I worry I am showing signs of psychosis - I believe that God is leading me to my end (please no religion bashing). I keep praying for guidance, and I keep getting this resolute feeling that suicide is my best option. I have been suicidal since I was 6 (so for the last 22 years), and it started with a nagging voice in the background "kill yourself, kill yourself, before they kill you". It's not schizophrenia, as I don't hear any other voices or have any other delusions. 
I have been planning my suicide on and off, pretty seriously, over the last 4 years. I have tried just about every med, years of therapy (tried to get back into therapy this time around again but no one will take new patients) and nothing has ever helped the pain abate. Going into inpatient is not an option, I speak from experience. I am in distress as I desperately do not want to hurt my family, I do not want them to feel the same agony as I do every morning when I wake up, but I see no end, no solution to my suffering. I want so badly to be happy, but I look back and all I see is pain, I do not see how that could change in the future. I cannot go to them because I feel it will upset them needlessly as I am at the point where all the love in the world cannot fix me. I have no debt, I have the corner office on the highest floor in the tallest building in the city, I go on vacations all the time, I have "friends", I am healthy and fit, I have an "awesome" life, but I am always desperately unhappy and feel alone even when surrounded by people. Any friends or boyfriends I have told about my depression get angry or freaked out and disappear. Like I said, if I tell my family I believe it will just pile onto the burden and fear they already feel with my illness. I could call the suicide hotline but i have called them so often over the years they know me by name, so I feel like a burden to them, too. However, if I kill myself I feel like I will be letting everyone down and bringing shame to my memory and family, but I feel like my existing is an abomination. I feel like I'm at a window with the flames licking at my back with no hope of rescue - do I jump or do I burn? It's a horrible, terrible question and I know society hates me for even asking.