I'm really tired of listening to everyoneI feel kind of worn out. I've always been a person that listens to other people. Mostly my friends or just people in general who ask for advice. Or they just sometimes need someone to to talk to because they are dealing through a difficult time. And naturally I listen to them. I try to understand their situation, I want go help them. I want them to feel like their not alone. I want them to feel heard.  
Then there was this feeling that grew slowly but evolved. At first it was "I hate caring, I want to stop caring about people. I'm tired of it BUT I know I never will" I had this feeling because I felt like caring for people made me feel worse. I was tired of caring when I felt like no one else cared about me. The reason I never stopped was probably because I also feel like, if I don't care then who will? Who will be there for them when they feel like everyone has turned their back on them? Who? So I feel this NEED to care for them. This NEED to be there for them, to help them. I feel this NEED to listen to their problems. Why? I really have no clue. I just know that I feel like i should, like I NEED to do it. 
 Now I'm thinking "I want to stop listening. I want to stop listening to other people because I'm just so tired of being there for them. I know that's selfish of me to say, and that's why I hate myself more for it" it's just sometimes,  I feel so drained. I feel so tired. I don't really know, this thought is new. I guess I just wish someone could listen to me instead of it being the other way around. I know that if I want that I have to be willing to open up, but I feel like I can't trust anyone. 
  I feel really selfish when I have these thoughts. To me everyone else is above me. I feel like everyone else matters more than me. That's why I feel the need to shove away my emotions and help others with their problems. I feel selfish when I feel bad to be honest. To me it's like, "how dare I feel sad. How dare I feel horrible when there is other people who feel awful and no one is there for them. Its selfish of me to feel awful, I should just ignore how I feel and go help that person instead of focusing on myself. How dare I feel bad when there are other people I can help. When there is other people that are struggling. When your friend is struggling through a  heartbreak and being afraid she won't graduate. You should go comfort her. You should stop thinking of yourself. Stop being so selfish." 
   I don't know, I'm just tired. It's either I'm always asleep or I never sleep. 
  I'm just so tired of listening to people. I just want everyone to go away. I just want to disappear. I feel like a huge burden to be honest. I feel like I don't matter. I feel unimportant. I feel like no one cares.