I started walking at a park every day...So lets begin by saying I have bipolar disorder. It is, to say the least, a taxing existence. It began to develop in my early 20's and I am 27 now. 

I had a girlfriend for 8 years as it developed. When it began developing I was stubborn and naive believing nothing was wrong with me. I never sought out help. I also had a lot of problems at home during my final year of high school and through university causing a lot of PTSD for me. With all this it led to alcoholism and drug use. Eventually my girlfriend ended it with me. 

Despite this I kept trucking and found a job in my field after graduating, tried dating around, continued to drink and do drugs regularly, and then it happened. Less than a year after breaking up my ex was engaged to a guy who was always "that" guy. The one you worried about because he was such a good "friend" to her. Nothing ever happened between them but I always knew his intentions and it was at one time an argument we had, that said it was an argument we got over fairly early in our relationship. 

So now she was engaged, and I was dating a girl enabling my drinking and drug use, and worse would eventually cheat on me with several people, leaving me in financial and emotional ruin. 

Fast forward to today. I dated someone since but not serious, I no longer use drugs, I have been getting therapy and tried multiple medications etc. I have also been sober for near 5 months now. But I had a meltdown and quit my job about 3 months ago and have become a shut in. Every night I dream about my ex who is getting married in 3 months, Every morning and night I think about hanging myself. Financially my bills are piling up and I'm not returning calls of creditors. I am so anxious that I have skipped interviews because the thought terrifies me. 

I'm scared, and even worse is I have been taking daily walks in a local park with a lot of trees. In my mind I have picked one tree in particular. I have memorized how to tie a noose.

I am on "good" terms with my ex but I haven't talked to her in a long time as I don't want to be selfish as this is an important time for her. But she always understood me better than anyone. I feel like talking to her would help. But at the same time it may make it worse.

I just want to be okay. I don't want suicidal ideation to be a daily struggle any more. I want to and don't want to end it. I just look at 30 years old or 40 years old being more of the same. Disappointment. I will never marry the person I love. I will never be comfortable enough to keep a steady job. I will never stop having cravings for drugs or alcohol. I will never rid myself of this disease. I will never be truly happy. 

Thank you for listening.