I lost everything... (including 200,000)Last year was my first year in college. In a month of college my father died. Well he died physically. He mentally died like 6 years due to health and I had to watch him everyday growing up and seeing my father in agony for so long was nothing but sad. I had problems myself, abnormal problems children shouldn’t have. Complicated stuff. 
Anyhow when he passed away I was in shock and it didn’t feel real. Before the pandemic my friends introduced me into the stock market. I put a considerable amount in. Timeline is around spring break and students couldn’t return to dorms and had to continue our study at home. I had my mom take out a loan, almost 6figures. Initially I wanted to invest. I did invest. But my brother introduced me to options. 

Being so detached from reality due to pandemic and after shock phase I used money and the stock market to compensate this. Problems and more problems kept building up. My mental health kept deteriorating and I shut down all my friends I literally blocked them all now I have nobody. My family doesn’t really hate me they just feel sorry for me. But I also have adhd so I have these repeated thoughts of me losing money. Everyday I wake up and I keep thinking of money. I lost nearly 200,000. 

My mom tells me not to worry but I do. I overthink a lot. Its December now and I feel a single day hasn’t passed by because losing so much money so quickly and experiencing death is terrible and I don’t know how to get through this. Also, I thought I could make it back this semester, so I decided to revamp my schedule for this semester and took 3 classes all gen Ed’s instead of my major classes so I feel like I lost a lot of time and money. So in all I lost time money relationships and my identity. I was such a kind caring passionate person. I used to love saving money and shopping. Now nothing excites me anymore. Literally nothing. Because I keep comparing everything to the fact I lost this much money it’s so bad. Honestly looking at this from another perspective it’s not even the money that was the most haunting, it’s losing who I am. 

This is fucking crazy, pandemic I felt affected the people who were going through some crazy shit but enhanced the effects. I’m going through some crazy psychological event. I’m a very open minded person so I like looking at all perspectives but damn man. It’s hard looking at yourself because it’s you but when evaluating other people it’s clear as day idk why the hell im so complicated, this sucks man I wake up everyday so gloom I want to get better I swear but everything I associate is so toxic now a days and I don’t know how to get out of this phase god damn it