I don't know how to do this any longer. I have so many worries and lost so much.I've struggled with depression my whole adult life, I have always been a little anxious and lacking energy but I always had one thing going for me, my wife, a beautiful doctor who I lucked out on, meeting her in high school before my illness really took hold. Back when I was a straight A student and had prospects. 

It has been 13 months since she left me. 13 months since I entered this hell. She wasn't attracted to me anymore. I spent most of the first year constantly reaching out to her for comfort, the dumbest thing you can do, I know. And I didn't get much comfort anyway, just found out how happy she seemed and how fast she moved on. I nearly took my own life in February but an uncle died suddenly and I couldn't put my mom through two close family deaths at once.

I can't connect with anyone properly. Not like her. I'm still head over heels in love with her. She was my best friend, we traveled the world together more than once. She told me I never had to worry because I'd always have her. 

I've tried to imagine being with someone else for over a \*year\* but I just can't. I've had opportunities to go on a couple of dates but they make me feel sick, honestly. I don't love anyone else. I'm not interested in anyone else, not at all. The idea of kissing someone else is just horrible. 

I cut off all contact with her 3 months ago. I figured I'd just work on myself like I'd never worked before, learn to stand on my own in life and maybe in a few months I'd talk to her again and she'd be surprised by the changes I'd made. The first two months I didn't get too far. Work was tiring and getting the energy and confidence to get out there and go to the gym or make friends was too much but I felt relief in not having to face up to reality and avoiding her. I saw my doctor and asked for some pills to help get me out there improving myself and he gave me some. I've been working out, bought new clothes, working well at work and even booked a short holiday just to try to find some short term happiness. But this past week I've just dreamed about her more intensely than ever. This nightmare that I'll call her in 6 months like a new man but she'll have moved on won't leave me.