I feel like I'll never be good enough to do anything good in lifeI feel like I'm not good enough to do anything for a living, or at least not anything I'd enjoy doing. Given the username, you may be able to tell that music is a massive part of my life. I play guitar, bass, a bit of piano, drums, and a few others. I've been teaching myself these instruments (starting with guitar) for over a year now. But even then, I'm not good enough to make anything of it. You can only teach yourself so much. I know chords and suck, and I know all of the keys on the piano and whatnot, but I know very little theory. A few other passions of mine are literature and video creating, and whereas I haven't really given either of those a try, given the odds I don't feel confident in pursuing them at all. Call it cliche, but I've always wanted an audience of sorts. People who enjoy the content I make, whatever it may be. Music, videos, literature, anything. But I just don't feel good enough. And I never have the time to try and improve upon my passions, nor do I even have the goddamn motivation anymore. I work part-time and go to highschool full-time. I don't know. I just feel so trapped, so alone. I've been thinking about suicide so much lately, and it's honestly scaring me. I don't want to die at a young age, but I fear it'll all just become too overwhelming and my emotions will get the better of me. When? I don't know. But I fear it'll happen. Even if I don't kill myself, I feel as though I'll only end up a lonesome loser with nothing to be proud or happy for. Life just doesn't seem worth it anymore, and I really wish it would change. I want to better myself so badly. I want to start exercising and losing weight, to try and get into the dating scene, to try and solidify myself in the music industry or the YouTube community, and to just generally better myself and my life, but I haven't the time or motivation to do any of that right now. It really depresses me and makes me feel so lonely and worthless. I don't know.

&amp;#x200B;

I apologize for the random and very unorganized post. I've been feeling like shit and I just needed to vent a bit. Thanks for commenting if you do. Cheers.