I say goodbyeA quick backround I'm 33 years old. My babysitter at age 3 she beat me with an army flashlight, those big heavy ones, if I didn't perform sexual acts on her. My mother died of cancer at age 12. She was my best friend. I found smoking pot was the only thing that put ease to my heart and able to get past the denial phase of grief. My father in all his attempts to get me to quit didn't understand. So he places me in Y.D.C. in Atlanta at age 14. I was the only white boy in there. I got jumped everyday for 2 months. I was the punching bag of that place. I may of just been sitting there playing chess when a rabdom pissed black kid would sneak me right in the jaw for no reason. I was the tiniest kid in my school of 4000 students before I went to juvie. I went to court, hoping to get out. My dad sent me to more jail instead. I got out, but needed more pot from jail ptsd. My father found a sack of weed on me when I was 16 and beat my ass. He threw me out in the freezing snow. I had to steal and live in an abandoned old farmhouse to survive. I had to build fires at night just to stay warm. That place was so old, you could probably throw a single match in it to burn it down. I wished I had been burnt down with that place. I made it off the streets. Got employed. Accidently got my girlfriend pregnant at 18. I tried telling her I wasn't fit to be a parent, so she made arrangements marrying a guy for money. Cutting me out of my son life.

 I finally got my life together about 7 years ago. I started travelling and working on farms. Yet, I got sucked into a hippie mafia drug cult. They never let me have peace. I am extremely ptsd from living with them a year overseeing thier weed farm. I left and went back to farming. I fell in love for the first time last year, with a person who would hurt me so.


I just want peace. My last partner never wanted that for me I guess. She was having issues. We agreed that she would go back to get help in Atlanta where her family was. Instead she gave me the worst anxiety hitchiking alone. She ended up spending a weekend in a mental institution which caused me anxiety so bad I lost 2 jobs in the same week. I asked my father if I could come back home to gather my thoughts and rest. He said no. I ended up living in my car 5 weeks. I barely left my car, only to use the restroom. I was stuck in Eureka California. It was the worst place. Junkies tried open my car everynight I was sleep in it. Or there'd be someone out in the parking lot screaming at the top of thier lings all night or crying begging the universe for help. There were very little resources there. I had made a friend, who was a depressed alcoholic so spending time with her didn't help. I spent 600 of my own personal on my ex to get home and on phonecards, but I now broke begged her on the phone since she found a job and a place to stay for 40 bucks to get to San Fran where I'd have a better chance at survival. She flat out turned me down. When I got angry, she hung up on me. She won't talk to me like a real human being. The love I showed her was in vain. Finally I got the green light to come to my dads. I hustled up about $600 really quick sending weed back east and collecting from folks who owed me. Was supposed to pick up $350 in Tulsa. I attempted to drive home, but my altenator died just outside SLC so I gave her away to a young mechanic and made it to the airport. I flew home to Atlanta. I came to find out the only reason my dad offered me to come back is so I can watch the dogs while he is out of town. The few days he was here, he was such an asshole to me. He gets back Friday, I'm supposed to go to Vermont for a farm job. But I know I cannot function. My father will ask me to leave when he gets back, since I can't work. I've neglected my friends and family for my ex over the past year and am too ashamed to ask for help. I'm too ashamed to bum off them.

I've decided to wait till Friday, let my Dad get home so the doggies won't be abandoned. I'm going to find a secluded place on the Chattahoochee River. I'm going to listen to music while I bleed out from my wrists. I just want peace and no matter how much I try, how many youtube videos I watch on dealing with a broken heart, how many friends I confide in or how much I exercise/do yoga nothing is helping. I'm getting sicker by the day. I miss my ex. I realize the hurtful shit I said pushed her too far to be in my life. Thanks for reading my story. I'm going to find my peace this Friday. Nothing will stop me.
