I think life itself hates meI'm 16 years old and every day is just a battle against losing my temper. I feel like I just want to rage and destroy everything. I want to let everything out. My sadness, my anger. I just want to kill myself. I don't care anymore about other people. Being alive is torture. Life can't be good or happy. Other people only want to harm me, I'm too different and shit to be part of this world

I apologize in advance for my bad english

I've been bullied since 3rd grade, even the teachers disliked me and blamed me for most of the things. My parents may have cared about me, but I don't feel like I'm part of this family. After 3rd grade, it only got worse and worse. In 7th grade, I tried to kill myself. It was my first and only suicide attempt until now. And I regret it. I regret my failure. If I was dead now, I wouldn't suffer. Other people wouldn't be annoyed by my presence. At that time my parents were totally different towards me (in a negative way).

The following year, I got accused of stealing money. It was a normal school day, we had P.E. and after we got back into the locker room, one of my classmates said he missed his wallet. Five minutes later I noticed I had another wallet in my pocket, which wasn't mine. So I gave it to him and said somebody put it in my pocket. I still don't know who did that. I remember standing in the hallway, my whole class around me, ready to beat me up and yell at me.

Apart from that, they also did other things, for instance messaging me I should kill myself, hating me for my hobbys (playing videogames, watching anime, coding, etc.), but that is not really important.

In 9th grade, my brother also went to the school I'm in. Some of his classmates hated me, and they soon began to cooperate with my "friend" (it turned out he never wanted to be my friend). The whole situation got worse everyday until it eventually stopped. It stopped as soon as I got my first girlfriend.

My life changed. Again in a negative way. I cried every night because of her. She was really toxic and my friends at that time also deceived me. I still have that picture in my head. I was playing Minecraft with them, but I had the server console running in the background due to some problems I wanted to solve, and I saw how my friends and my girlfriend were sending each other private messages, insulting me, things like "I'm sorry for you for having such a boyfriend". I know, I should not read private messages. But if they appear in the console while I'm trying to fix something, I can't do anything about it.

I never broke up. I thought everything was my fault. A few days before my birthday, she broke up and I had nobody to talk to.

A few weeks passed and I made some friends on the internet, but today I don't really have contact with them anymore. My second relationship started, but it got much worse. It looked like she only wanted to hurt me. I started to have depression. Everything changed. My life got dark and my girlfriend tortured me, emotionally. I would've done everything for her, even if she was like that.

She told me she had flirted with a friend of mine, and afterwards both of them said I'm the worst boyfriend, because I said I felt a little uncomfortable if they were talking like lovers. My girlfriend only said "You don't have the right to tell your ex what she has to do". That was the first time she broke up. Yes, there was also a second and third time. Although I broke up the third time, finally. My friends were joking about me for having no luck in life and they still say that it's normal because I'm just shit that should die.

I want to escape my life. I want to kill myself soon, just to end it all.

Even if I don't know you, thank you for reading my story. I really appreciate it &lt;3 At least some strangers on the internet don't hate me