Guess I'm finally done, this very well could be the last weekendWell .. now that I've created this post i don't even know where to start. \*Wiping away some tears\*

First of all, I'm from Germany and not in the best state right now, so bare with me if my grammar is fucked.

It's been half a year now. 6 months of constant struggle, depression, and absolutely no interest in living any longer.Before these 6 months things where better. Not everything was good, but i had her, my life made some sense at least. 

But even at that time, I often had thoughts like why do i even life, why do I "have to" go through this all. Work every day and so on, but i guess it was just life and you accepted it the way it was. I was always in the mind of "If I die tomorrow, I wouldn't care. It would make it all much easier".At the time I at least had my girlfriend, and she was pretty much the only thing that kept me going. I wanted to do good in life for her. For our may be in the future born children. For us. I didn't want here to go through this alone. 

But well, after 8 years, from now to then, she said she wanted to leave me. 

And to say I was broken at this point doesn't really describe what was going on at the time. I completely stopped working, existing. She moved out of the apartment within two weeks. After that i didn't leave it for 14 days straight. Not eating for 6 days. Drinking only from the sink. 

Guess i don't have to say that work was not really happy about it and fired me. Actually that was kinda perfect for me cause it was one less reason to leave the house. Things like money and bills didn't bother me at the time .. stupid me.

Things kinda got better for a short while after I got a new "girlfriend" which was going through the same situation at the time. Met her in some german forum about breakups. We didn't really know each other, we weren't over our exes, but it was good at the time. Guess it helped me that someone "needed" me again, there was a goal for me to work towards. To help here. Which worked out great, I got her through her exam, found a new apartment where she could life. Helped her move her stuff and all that. 

But it was meant to be break. I'm not angry or anything about how it went. I'm still really glad i could help here even though we are no longer in contact with each other. 

During that time I started to function like a normal human being again. I found a new job. Moved to a new city 650km from my previous hometown away \(which is pretty fucking far inside Germany!\) and all went well. 

But it .. idk .. was just show. Now that I'm here for nearly two month, everything starts to go down again. I don't mean the job or anything .. just myself. My mind. I don't wanna be here anymore. My psychical situation is absolutely trash again .. crying several times a day. One wrong thought, one wrong song .. and I'm gone. It's to the point I feel really ill. Not only in my mind but also my body. 

And again, I'm not even in work right now. I do "homeoffice" ... yeah my ass. Sitting here with music crying and writing these senseless post after googling some suicide stuff. 

She's visiting me this weekend. We are still friends and in daily contact again. I'm not even sure if i would want here back. Don't even sure if i expect anything from this weekend. 

Some may say a broken heart is not that bad or what. But I'm no teenager any more. I'm a full as grown man and the last 8 years with her meant the world to me. She was everything I ever fucking wanted. I did, still do, and would do everything for this wonderful girl. She's not perfect, no one is .. but damn .. she was more and better than anything I could have ever asked for. 

Don't know what to say anymore, don't know if anything here makes even sense. I'm just done, planning on getting enough pills to bring this to an end after this weekend. Just enjoying some few more days with here. 

The only thing I'm scarred of are two things .. what if I can't even do this right and survive, or if not, how it will effect her, and the few of the family that are close to me. Also thought about "disappearing" .. but don't know where to go. Like instead of killing me here, go into some woods .. where I'm not found right away ..