At what point should I do something?First: I don't like the idea of suicide.  It's not something I support.  I consider it very selfish and I know it would absolutely destroy my family and my sister.  I don't think I could ever take my own life because of the degree in which it would destroy them.  I have also never attempted to kill myself, even halfheartedly.  I have never understood that part of the culture of seeking attention.. although sometimes I do feel the need to feel pain.  If it gets so bad I'll just drink whisky til I'm really drunk, otherwise I'll do something stupid like punch myself in the face.  Luckily no one has ever noticed.  Now saying all this and thinking I'm not ever one to commit suicide, I think about it a lot.  I think some of this is fueled by finding out about all the darkness in the world.  And I have.. from all angles and countries.  How people dominate others for their own personal gain.. the actions of the US via the world bank and imf system.. how that's all a scam.. how our quest for natural resources is literally killing millions of people.. how we are fueling both sides of civil wars.. how we overthrow democratically elected leaders in place of dictators.. how even educating the public about all of this will never change anything.... even with all these organizations like amnesty international. and then there is how my place in the world fits in.. which it doesn't.  there's no just profession.  either i settle into some job and play obedient and forget about these atrocities or i start a lifelong battle that will ultimately lead me to be unsuccessful.  then of course i procrastinate i just wallow in the entertainment culture around me so i don't have to deal with any of this stuff.  i just returned back to school and i just don't see the point.  anyway, i have suicidal thoughts probably everyday... five, six times a day.  And again, I could never picture myself doing anything like that... that drastic.. ever.  I would catch myself beforehand and have an inner dialog consisting of "what are you doing? this isn't you! you don't want to do this.  this will pass."  But I am worried that one time I will just straight up go crazy and maybe not be able to save myself from myself with this inner dialog.  At the same time I am scared about the repercussions of what telling this information to my family will entail.  I know they will never look at me the same way again.  I will lose a certain degree of privacy I have now.  And them calling to check up on me would be tinged with them calling to see the effects of my emotional state.  Plus I would probably have to drop out of school for a third time and seek some sort of added help.  (I am already a 23 year old freshman)  I haven't told any friend about this either because I worry about them telling my parents.  And I dread having this information reach my parents's lap not on my own terms.  So does anyone have any advice?  What should I do?  Who can I talk to about this without having to worry about others finding out?