Things are only getting worse. My life is falling apart and Iv'e lost all my motivation.I should start out by saying I'm not suicidal, but I'm really getting afraid of the thoughts in my head. I don't know what to do, this is my third day of not going to my college classes. I just feel so ashamed and embarrassed I didn't do any of my homework, and it's only the first couple weeks of the semester. I just feel numb inside, like theres a weight on my shoulders just pressing me down that won't let me do anything anymore. I hate my life and I feel trapped and I can't focus or concentrate on anything.

Theres no communication between my parents anymore, they ask me how my day was and I just say it went well. They don't know about any of this. I don't know how to tell them that ever since I started college Iv'e been slowly getting more depressed. That Iv'e been getting D's and F's in some of my classes, and that lately I just don't have the drive for anything.

Iv’e lost all direction in my life. I don’t want to be a “graphic designer” anymore. The idea of then getting a degree and working 40 hours a week doing something I don't really want to do just depresses me even more. 

I think the biggest part of all this is I just feel lost as to who I am. Iv'e always felt like I was treated differently by everyone, like I was never taken seriously. Throughout school I always kept to myself in class, never joining any clubs or other activities. I think I really just started to get depressed when I graduated highschool, and I looked around me and noticed I never really got to know many people in my class. I really didn't do anything, I graduated with a average GPA while spending my time in room messing around on the computer, and now things are just repeating themselves. 

Iv'e always dreamed of living a more adventurous life. I see beautiful places on reddit and become envious. Iv'e always wanted to go hiking or just see more nature, but I'm living in this small, traffic congested town away from any of that. Sometimes I wish I could just start my life over somewhere else. I need to make a big change. This life isn't working out and I'm not sure what to do, any advice?







