I'm giving up completely, and see no way out of the hole I'm in...I'm 24, and just in a shit load of trouble, as is usually the case with me. When I'm not struggling to work full time while going to school, I'm being kicked out by my mom. Now I admit, it's a bit weird to be my age and living with parents, but paying rent to her didn't leave me with much money to save up for to get out of there. 
She kicked me out (for good) a month and a half ago. My dad and stepmom offered a spot on their couch until I could get back on my feet. Earlier this week, I pinched my little brother to keep him from kicking me in the face and drove off to sit in the park and calm down. When I got back to the house, my stepmom said that I had to leave IMMEDIATELY. I was supposed to move into my dad's old apartment after some cleaning/reno had been done but now I have to go next week before any of it is done. I don't mind cleaning it up, it's just the rotting ceiling and moldy carpet I'm not sure about. Not that I'd have long to deal with it because rent is due on the 1st every month...and I won't have it by then. By the time I drive down there on my first day of cleaning, the tiny bit of gas I have will have been used completely. 
To make things even better, my new job up here doesn't give me many hours a week and I haven't even been paid yet. My account is in the negative and racking up fees seemingly every minute of every day.
My stepmom is not a 'generous' woman. She doesn't give financial help at all. My dad agrees with her on everything. Absolutely everything. 
And I'm just sick of always fucking up and failing at everything I do. Neither of my parents care much about giving me a hand when I'm at my lowest point. My mom has already told me to my face that she doesn't care if I die. My dad and stepmom don't take how I'm feeling seriously at all. 
I sat in my car earlier today, looking high and low for ways I could get help with a place to stay (people looking for roommates, for example, and even posting in Assistance here), while paying whatever I could while saving up to live on my own. I've come up totally empty-handed. 
I've already attempted suicide a few times in my life, the last time being this past December. I thought about it again today. I made a whole plan. On my way to the apartment in DC on Monday, I'll just wrap my car around a tree or run off the road into a deep ditch and that'll just be it. Done. Over. Nobody knows this plan. I don't think anyone would find out what happens, ever. My cell phone will be deactivated tomorrow for non-payment, so they can't call me or track it (I think?) and honestly even if it was activated I'd just turn it off beforehand. 
So yea. Things are overwhelmingly impossible right now and I'm ready to end it all for good. 

UPDATE: An old friend called out of the blue and I poured it all out to him. He talked me down from my figurative cliff (for now) and I'm ready to do this therapy thing that everyone keeps suggesting to me. ._.