[x-post /r/BPD] I'm depressed. I moved states and I hate everything here.I'm 19. I moved from Atlanta, GA to the fucking-nowheresville of Vero Beach, FL in the middle of December of last year. My parents retired and since I couldn't financially get my shit together in time I was dragged along with them.

I left behind my school, my job that I loved, my best friends, and my boyfriend of a year.

I hate it here.

I don't know anyone and I don't get a chance to know anyone. Everyone here is old. I live in a gated retirement community and I have yet to see anyone under the age of 50. Not that I'd really like to make friends anyway, but it sets the mood.

I'm lonely and I miss my boyfriend. On the 1st of February when I flew over to see him (we've been flying back and forth, though not too often), he broke up with me. It was very amicable and I understand where he's coming from, but it's still hard to handle. We're remaining close friends right now and talking multiple times a day, so I didn't lose terribly. But I do miss him a lot. I'm convincing myself that we will still have a future together, maybe just not anytime soon. He's coming down for spring break in April, but I'm not going to get to see him before then.

I would say I'm doing online school but that would be somewhat of a lie. I'm ignoring online school. I enrolled because I didn't want to drop out for a year due to out-of-state tuition and whatnot, but it turns out it's a lot fucking harder to keep up with when I keep forgetting about it. I think I'm going to withdraw from the remaining two classes; I already withdrew from one. I haven't done any work in any of them.

Then there's this fucking terrible job I just got. Today was my second day. It's working in a large retail clothing store and turns out I would rather scrape bricks than do this menial labor of checking sizes with hangers and labels and prices with security tags one by one for 6 hours a day. The woman I was training with gave me the opportunity to try presenting a display, which was fun, until an assistant manager completely overhauled it because I apparently did a bad job. Now I don't want to do those anymore because I guess I don't believe in myself.

It was at least decent without this job, but now all my day time is eaten up by shit I hate doing, so I don't have the energy to do stuff that I actually enjoy.

I'm depressed. I'm so fucking depressed. I don't want to be here. I want to go back to Atlanta. I want to be able to call my boyfriend and have him pick me up in 20 minutes. I want to go to my job that I adored and had fun at. I'm just waiting on waking up from this really bad dream.

I'm trying to figure out if/how I should move back. I'm starting to contemplate killing myself because nothing gives me any happiness here and I feel like I'm stuck.

What should I do? 

Sorry I don't know where to turn. I'm looking at inpatient facilities but I can't afford them anyway.