Had enough.Throwaway account for obvious reasons. 

I have really had enough of everything and the only thing that has kept me here up until now is how my death will affect my family. I have no kids, so I mean my parents, my brothers and sisters and friends. 

I am thankfully physically healthy and if I could give my body to somebody who could make more use of it than me I would gladly do so. For this reason I feel guilty about killing myself. 

I am tortured inside my own head. I had a shitty childhood and I have always had physical pains because of how sad I am inside. I didnt know what these feelings were as a child. I didnt know there was a word for it. 

They havent gone away as an adult. They have got worse. 

I have tried years of therapy and I point blank refuse meds. I refuse meds because they wont actually fix anything. Also my mother is on meds and I can describe her as a functional zombie these days. She drinks, she takes xanax and is on prozac and something else too. They have fucked her up more than anything else. I dont want to end up like her. I dont want to end up half like her. So no fucking meds, thanks. 

I have come to the conclusion that my 32 years on this planet have been nothing but torture. I think there is something wrong with me mentally. Not like learning disabled but borderline schizophrenic or something. I know that is not an actual medical term. One of the people I spoke to thought I may have BPD. Maybe I do, but anyway from the frustration I feel and the torture in my own head sometimes I can hear myself screaming at myself inside my own head. I hear all the voices of various people like my family who ask me to do things etc, literally going around inside my head like a screaming roller coaster. 

I tell them I have anxiety but they don't seem to understand. I have asked for help and they have to a point but they don't really care, well that is how I feel anyway. 

I am fucked up too when it comes to relationships and sex. I don't trust anyone and sex just reminds me of one bitch I fucking despise and makes me feel sick, physically sick and mentally and I have often stopped and just said fuck this I cant do this, which makes you look like a total fucking weirdo and god knows how it makes the other person feel. I have zero confidence, zero self esteem and so sex and relationships are something that doesnt apply to me. 

I think things like why would they even want to be with me? Even if they did get with you they would probably cheat on you or leave you or if they knew what you were really like they wouldnt want to be you. 

At this stage of my life seeing my friends, my little sisters, etc being in relationships, it as if almost everybody else has somebody. 

Im not saying I even want to be in a relationship but it just highlights the loneliness that I feel. 

I feel I dont understand people. I dont understand relationships. 
I dont trust people. 

Im angry. Im hurt. Im sad. Im frustrated. I feel worthless. These are just the words I can think of to describe it at the moment. I suppose I feel sick is in there too. Sick of being inside my own head with no where to go. 

Im really angry at my family because it is like I just stay here for them and they are only worried about how sad they will be if I kill myself, they dont have to live life the way I do. 

I wish they would just understand and be supportive of me going, because I am more than miserable here on this planet. I hate it. I have had enough and I want to go. 