Can I just be over itSo I've tried a couple times. They were all pretty half-assed, tbh, but not a day goes by that I don't think about ending it all. I've been hospitalized, have therapy, pills. I'm so damn bored. My depression makes it so I don't enjoy anything I once did, and I see literally no point in slogging through each and every day. 

The other real problem I have is, there's this girl I haven't gotten over in upwards of 3 years. After she ended our pseudo-relationship with no explanation, she blocked me off everything. I never really stalked her, but I continue to check her social media on other accounts she doesn't know about it. I feel like a fucking stalker or weirdo or whatever, and I see and hear how pitiful and pathetic it is that I can't get over her. I drove halfway to the biggest bridge in the city with the intention to call her and tell her off before jumping but turned around when I realized she'd blocked my number. 

Point is, I want to feel like I'm a good person. I try hard, feed my pets, I'm young for Chrissakes, I'm just barely no longer a kid. I feel like this girl is the love of my life but she's been nothing but shitty to me, made up a lie about me threatening her to get out of the high school classes we shared, and "stole" a very close friend. I'd confided in this indivudual about the girl and fucking cried about it to them, and the girl tells them some lie about me being a psycho and I've lost a good friend to this girl. I'm not psycho. I'm not crazy. Right? (I use the word 'psycho' in the vernacular sense, I recognize it as a slur and I'm using it in that sense here, directed at myself.)

I can't stand living if I'm going to be this. If I'm gonna be bored in a world of grays, for one thing, and for the other, if I'm going to be this detestable scumbag, the kind of person who people warn their kids about. Obsessive. I hate it. I don't want to be obsessive. If I'm dead she'll be out of my mind and I'll be either nonexistent or there'll be some variety from this flat line of a life, punctuated by the occasional sobbing fit or obsessive trap. I don't have anything I can use to actually do it besides pills, and I don't want to fail again or become a vegetable.