I need to be relieved.Sorry, this is awfully long. Im very appreciative of anyone who gives me the time this evening or whenever you stumble across this... 

I am the string that holds the chaos of 5 lives together.

The good things: 

I am a mother of three beautiful children. One is my own, two are my step children. 

I am the wife of a seemingly dedicated and devoted husband. 

I own a successful business and help provide a living wage for a staff of 15 and their families. 

I am privileged to have what most say is one of the most rewarding jobs out there (I coach/mentor extremely talented and intelligent kiddos... though that has been put on hold for the most part lately.) 

The bad things:

I am overweight. I’m pretty sure I’d be considered obese at this point. When I was 24 I was beautiful though I didn’t think it then, 5’0 - 116-126 pounds of pure female athlete. Now I’m 34 and 190 pounds. 

I have nagging injuries/old surgeries that are failing and causing me daily severe pain (ranging from 7-10/10 on most days.) I understand my weight is contributing to this. 

I know that I am suffering from long term effects of a series of concussions, the last of which put me in the hospital for a week. 

I have a food/overeating/binging  addiction that I cannot shake. 

I have an autoimmune disorder that causes severe completely debilitating itchiness. Same autoimmune disorder causes my joints to swell (adds to the pain) and I have had a rash on my leg/foot for nearly 10 years that has yet to be successfully treated. 

All of those things combined:

I feel angry all the time. I feel sick/under the weather all the time. I’m in physical pain ALL. THE. TIME. I hold it in. I hold my head down. I deal the best I can. But I know others are starting to see me fail. There are days I cannot walk and my husband has to help me. There are days I have to crawl out of my bed to get to the rest room because it hurts to walk. There are days I’m so itchy I can’t sleep. And there are days when I do manage  to sleep my dreams are filled with anxiety and this terrible dread.  Then there are some days that I’m 100% fine and I feel like people discredit the other things I’m experiencing. 

My step son (13) recently began to live with my husband and I full time. (His mother “couldn’t handle him anymore.”) He’s a great kid but needs a ton of guidance. I’m doing my best to get him in track in school (he was failing), set his head straight help him succeed as he has ambitious goals. He’s a great kid, but I find myself angry and frustrated at the situation... not him. The situation. He calls me mom now. Not my name. The weight of that is sometimes too much to bear... I’m afraid I’m going to screw him up more... 

Meanwhile, my own daughter is acting out. She’s spoiled rotten, selfish, ungrateful, entitled and just plain mean sometimes. She’s 10, emotional, and I’m sure the changes with our living arrangements are hard for her. But I’m just so utterly disappointed in her recently. I’m trying to be patient, but also committed to discipline I that I’m careful not to reward behavior that falls into the above categories. She told me tonight that she hates me and that I don’t love her. I know she doesn’t mean it... but it hurt. I feel like I already failed her. 

My husband... Maybe I shouldn’t have settled for my husband. He is a great husband now... but he wasn’t always a great or faithful partner before we got married. I thought I worked through the insecurities of his infidelity and lying phase (and I truly believe he has changed, and when we married I fully weighed what he did and thought I had reconciled it 100%) but I find myself resentful now, but not at him... 

I’m resentful now that I’ve lost my beauty and charm and wit and energy. Given how much I’ve let myself go, at this point I wish he would cheat again or find a girlfriend.  I’ve actually told him this... this made him understandably very upset. But he’s now always telling me I’m beautiful and he loves me no matter what, “you’re not fat”, more lies but different but still— i hate him for it. Why the hell is he still with me? I wish he’d leave me. Funny after all that turmoil early in our relationship— all that heartache and pain—- and I’m ready to let it go. 

Then there’s my mother. She has serious mental problems (ptsd and depression stemming from trauma caused by rape/incest) on top of physical disabilities in her old age. She still lives independently but relies on me more and more financially and emotionally (and not in a healthy way.) she lives with a roommate (an older veteran) who has taken advantage of her and enables/exasperates her mental issues. She recently granted me power of attorney to start putting her affairs in order and managing her finances but this hasn’t been easy. 

Side note: I was on meds as a teen— I don’t like them. I was put unnecessarily through the juvenile system and in and out of psych wards as a “troubled teen” (and somehow straight a student?!?!?) so I don’t care for “therapy” as it just really messed with my head. I was told I’d never be a functioning adult with meds... well I made it to Age 34... maybe they were right :/ 

I have of course tried exercising, changing my diet (nearly impossible as my husband caters to my cravings, and doesn’t support my efforts to be disciplined in that area), CBD oil for pain.... and of course every OTC and prescribed med under the sun for my physical and mental symptoms.... 

The diet change has the most drastic effect But the chaos of managing these kids and our finances and my mom and my business.... if I get off track I relapse worse than before and my husband enables the bad habits (he’s naturally thin- can eat whatever he wants.) I get it though- not his job to fix me. 

I feel like I’m stuck. Imprisoned in my marriage, my role as mother/step mother (I know that’s awful), my role as caretaker of my mom, my mind, and my body. I am desperate for an out. Any out. 

What scares me right now is not that I’m going to find a way to commit suicide tonight. And likely not tomorrow— but rather that I feel it coming. I feel me losing myself more and more every day. I feel me losing my will to continue on. It’s slowly chipping away at my sanity and I’m just left here exposed and raw and a bit numb. I am scared that when the right circumstances and the opportunity to rid myself of myself presents itself, I’ll suddenly find my motivation and follow through. 

Anyway, Thanks for reading. 

Goodnight, everyone. 
