I'm killing myself because of my 5 year old sisterEver since the kid was born, my mental and physical health have been deteriorating. Every single day since she was a newborn, i've woken up to screaming. 5 years straight. You'd think that a 5 year old would not cry/scream for no reason anymore, but that is all she does. Its been suggested that she has autism, but my mom gets defensive and says she does not, therefore she will never get treatment if she actually has it.

I have panic disorder and I usually wake up panicking. Sometimes I can calm myself, but the effort I put into self soothing is ruined as soon as she starts shrieking. My old therapist said I need a calm, peaceful environment in order to recover, because my brain is frayed. 

She doesn't get punished. She is allowed to scream, bully and whine without punishment. The way her and my mom communicate is screaming matches. If my mom and dad didn't want to deal with another kid, they shouldn't have had one. Right now I can hear them in another room screaming at eachother. My sister is whining, calling my mom names and shrieking at the top of her lungs because she can't have a friend over, and my mom is yelling "SHUT UP!". Its the same thing every single day.

I can't do it anymore. I can't listen to this, and I can't watch my parents raise a bratty monster. I never wanted another sister, because I *knew* it would be like this.

Ever since she was a newborn, i've been telling myself "It will get better. Its a phase. She will get older and behave." But it is not happening. She's still the exact same. And the damage to my brain and body is already done.

My mom has changed. She is not the loving, nurturing woman I used to know. I burst into tears when I think of how she used to be. She is now irritated 24/7 and never has time to help me(with my anxiety or depression). 

I truly wish life could have been different. I can't help but look back and pity the day my mom and dad decided on having another child. If only they knew how stressful it would be. I know my parents don't want to deal with it either, but they won't admit it. I can't do it though. I'm just so depressed and worn out.