I've been writing my suicide letter for 6 years. I've read a lot, been to treatment. Things have not &amp; will not get better, I continue to hurt the people I love...There's very little that I have hope in. I've lost my career, my relationship with my family, and respect from just about everyone.  For a long time, every girl I ever loved has left me.  Eventually I met someone better than the rest, unwilling to leave.  Though I was alone while writing most of this letter, in recent years I've been with this person.  She's the best person I could ever expect her to be in any way.  I love her deeply.  

She deserves better than what I will be able to provide (physically, mentally, socially) and I will not allow myself to burden her for the rest of her life.  She should not have to carry me, even if she is strong enough.  She should find someone who is truly whole that she can spend her life with.  I will not tear her away to share my nightmare.  There is no future in which I'm happy. I'm painful to be around. I can't stand it.  I feel that by agreeing to take care of me she is inherently neglecting herself to the point her own emotional trauma and eventual mental health problems.  In retrospect, the other partners I've had were reasonable to leave.  They've lived better lives because of it, and I am glad that I have not continued to be a negative influence in their life.  I do not want to condemn anyone else to my own personal hell.  

Writing this out at night has been the only way I've been able to get to sleep for a long time.

It's been years. Therapy and medication has not helped. Many women that I have loved have moved on.  Continuing to hurt the one who has not seems worse than being alone. I am constantly exploring new rock bottoms.  

Anyway, I think I'm done editing. I'm sorry.

**My note:__________________________________________________**


This message contains emotionally disturbing information and may be deleted or left unread however the receiver prefers.
Places and days in which this was written: (&lt;&lt;&lt;remove this eventually&gt;&gt;&gt;)
October 9, 2012 12:41am, Nov 23, 2013. 3:11am, Jan 8, 2014 4:59 am, November 24, 2017 1:27 am

This email has been 'delay sent' 14 days after my death, so there's no need to urgently call 911. To be clear this is unfortunately a suicide note.

I'm sorry to inform you all that I've decided to kill myself. 
For those of you aware that I've been struggling I'm sorry. I know this is not the solution that you would have wanted, but please take comfort in the fact that I am not suffering anymore, if you can, and I know that will be extremely difficult. 

Many of our relationships were strained. Please accept this as the result of my disease and not a lessening of my love for you. I know you would have done anything to stop this, and we've tried a lot together to stop this. I'm the one who gave up.  I know these words don't really help.  I'm completely convinced that you're better off without me as a negative drain in your life.  I know that doesn't help either, and I know it's supposedly common for people in my position to incorrectly think that. I'm sorry.  It's my wish that you process, grieve, and move on with your life in whatever way you desire. That is, if I'm entitled to wishes, which I doubt.

For those of you unaware that I've been feeling this poorly, I'm sorry. I've enjoyed your friendship, and if I didn't tell you about this it wasn't because I didn't think we were close. Everyone needs to feel normal. I do not like to think how much worse things would have been without you. I know that you would have liked to help. I know that this is not alright. I've been urgently concerned about this problem for a long time and have done as much as I could for as long as I could to fix it.

To everyone: Please do not interpret this event as your fault. I am specifically telling you all that this is not your fault. Again, as clearly as possible: this is not your fault. You would not blame yourself if I died of cancer. Do not blame yourself for this, please. This was my own random disease, many professionals have been helping me but unfortunately unsuccessfully. It is not their fault either. There are limits to what can be fixed.  

At some point mental illness stops modifying one's personality and instead becomes it.  More than that it becomes your destiny (to suffer).  When I was younger this didn't seem to be an issue.  Somewhere in my mid 20's this problem appeared and has not gone away despite my best efforts with clinicians, self help books, medication, family support, travel, job changes, career changes, geographic relocation, etc.  I haven't always tried to make it better, but I've tried as hard as I could for as long as I could.  I am the one giving up.  At some point even people close to you stop associating your depression with a condition / disorder and start attributing it to your personality.  They begin to treat you differently...to bully you...ignore you...etc.  It's normal, they're being normal and it's not they're fault.  You're trapped in your own body as you slowly become a social pariah.  The more people you tell the further along they begin the progression towards considering you permanently deficient / broken as a person.  Personally I've found the less I share with non-professionals the better.  

That being said, I am the one giving up, it's not anyone else's fault -- they are behaving as normal people -- the way I would have behaved before having these problems.  It's often weird to think of how I used to be confused by suicidal people.  I would wonder how anyone could ever think that.  Over time I've gotten very used to feeling differently.  
  
To be as clear as possible: I'm the one who is giving up. This is my fault. I'm smart enough to do this without anyone stopping me or knowing about it in advance. You all know this. It is not your fault. There were intentionally no hints. 

You've all been very supportive before and after I started experiencing the symptoms that would eventually cost me my life. There's nothing equal to the love and compassion you've shown me, and I deeply regret the effect this will have on you. 
So I'm sorry. I've unfortunately agonized very long about this. To be absolutely clear, there's no good way to do this and it's a terrible decision.  It doesn't solve anything and it's not right for anyone, including me, I know. This is my fault. I though about trying to make it look natural, but it seemed worse to try to fool you.

So the truthful way was the way to do it. By "truthful" I mean letting you know what I did. I killed myself.

Again, I am sorry. I love you all, and many others that I did not send this note to directly because I felt like it would have a net negative impact. But everyone was as supportive as I could reasonably expect them to be.  

I know the best way to help is not to do this and to get better. I have tried that for as long as I could.
There's just pain.  Life is often like a very bad dream.  

That's all I feel the need to say.  But: I've read that people often struggle with the question of "why?." It may make more sense to you if I explain that I have not been happy or productive for long time. Everything I loved has lost its meaning - poisoned by the negativity in my head. Everything hurts. Every memory, every connection I make. And I make a lot of connections. My head physically hurts.  I'm ready to stop hurting.   

If this seems ridiculous consider that you very likely have an image of me that is dated and does not reflect the person that I have unfortunately become. Those of you closer to me may have noticed more readily. I've often tried to put on a strong face and act better than I felt for the sake if getting better.

There's really no way to explain any of this to anyone.
Any same person would pick up this letter and find it instantly wrong. You may be thinking that this was a waste. That I just needed to wait for things to improve. You may have been right. I have held out as long as I could. Surely if it's possible for things to get better, it's also possible for them to get worse. As time has passed, the radius of people hurt expands.  There are an increasing number of people for whom I'm unable to provide.  As time goes on I hurt more people more deeply.  I wouldn't want to meet the person I will become in 10 or 20 years.  I won't live through the nightmares between then and now.  Already I will be hurting more people now than if I had done this earlier.  

One may argue that death is the worst possible condition, but that is not true. You don't know the anger that I've felt - the useless, bitter, completely controlling hatred. Hurting the people you love is certainly worse than death.  But, you might say "by killing yourself you are hurting them more than you possibly could any other way."  Well...eventually you see yourself hurting the people you love and you stop feeling anything except your own pain.  When the flames are bad enough you jump, regardless of how bad the fall is.  I'm sorry.  It seems like the longer I hold out the more people I hurt...

I tried. Not for myself.  I absolutely would not have endured this amount of pain for myself. Not for a week.
 
Again, I am sorry. It's my wish that you process, grieve, and move on with your life in whatever way you desire. And, again, there's nothing equal to the love and compassion you've shown me, and I deeply regret the effect this will have on you.  

I'm sorry.