Stress from workI apologize if I come off as a generic angsty teenager, or if my problems seem really trivial compared to other people's on here, but I'm just not sure what to do.

This past school year has been pretty bad. My grades suffered in part due to my lack of academic knowledge, but mostly due to my inability to focus, so I didn't get anything done in time, if at all.

My brain doesn't think in numbers, so Algebra was definitely my hardest subject. I struggled every day in that class, but I ended up barely passing with a D-.

This summer, I was going to establish a better work ethic, get things done, organize my life, and basically, figure out how to be happy. This sounds like a lot, but I thought it was doable since I had the whole summer to work at my goals.

My parents, however, weren't too happy with my Algebra grade, and signed me up for an online summer school, despite the fact that I told them about my goals for the summer, my past with contemplating self harm, and how I couldn't do this in my current mental state.

Now I have a lot of work to do. And I mean A LOT of work to do. I have nearly a hundred assignments that I don't understand. Every time I try to work, my brain just locks up and starts feeling endlessly stressed. I think about suicide all the time because my brain keeps telling me that there's no other way to get rid of this.

And before you say that this will give me a better understanding of math, I'll have to disagree. The online summer program is very poorly made, and does not teach the students. It just gives you vocabulary terms and then quizzes you and gives you worksheets with problems that they don't teach you about.

And if I had the chance to organize my life this summer, I would have established better work and study habits that would get me through the next few school years.

So now what do I do? I'm sorry if my math assignments sound like nothing compared to what a lot of other people go through, but I need help. Thank you.
