Suicide: I am a reasonably happy person. I have been thinking a lot about suicide, but I don't hate my life. As a matter of fact I enjoy it. Something has been going on recently though, I'm going to admit that some negatives have happened in my life, at the fault of my own. You see I recently lost my job. It wasn't the best paying job, but it could sustain me. I lost my job do to a positive drug test for marijuana. After I lost my job I realized that I had a problem. If you do drugs and affects your life in a negative aspect you most likely have a problem. So I quit smoking marijuana. Also I couldn't afford it anymore so that also helped.

I am also an atheist, and it seems to me that you should live your life to the fullest. You should do a job that makes you happy, or changes the world for the better. I am kind of at a flux here, a job that would make me happy is perhaps a writing fiction stories, however I am not really suited for this, as I am horrible at spelling and grammar. Another thing is helping people, but again I don't have the means to return to school, and I don't have a degree to help anyone, and I still need money, I feel like in order to help people you can't really charge for such a thing. One thing I do know is I don't want to return to a job I hate to make a paycheck every other week so I can worry about how I'm going to make it to the next one, and just continue to do this on repeat until death.

So this is where the kicker comes in, It seems that the marijuana was drugging me enough to be okay with the lot I had in life, but now that I have stopped. I feel like I can't sustain the life I lead, and I don't want to do it anymore. I honestly feel I have nothing left to offer this world, and it in turn has nothing left to offer me. I have no children, or spouse, so I don't feel like I would be doing anyone a disservice. I do have people that somewhat depend on me, however I think I need them more than they need me, and even more I feel like more of a burden that an asset.

To finalize this post I would like to say. I have been suicidal in the past due to depression. So this is a weird feeling, I don't hate myself, or life, but now I feel like I have more of a reason besides "just being depressed." I don't know what to do here. Also being someone who thought about suicide a lot in the past I already know how I would carry it out. I am not on the verge of doing this right now, but it does make more and more since to me as time passes. I hope this doesn't get anyone to reflect on their own life and come to the same conclusion, I would truly like feedback, and am in no way condoning suicide, but I can't help to feel the way I feel.