Mom is hiding information about our relationship.So online classes recently started and the parents are required to fill up a form and fill it up with the necessary information. I was instructed by our teacher to give the link to my narcissist mom and she will do the rest. If you don't know what a narcissist is, it is what I call a semi-karen, a person who likes power and control, a person who feels like the world revolves around her and how I should be scared if she wasn't around and etc. except without the "May I speak to your manager?" part because she is the manager. A few days go by and she still haven't answered the form so she decided to do it today. Because I was the "tech" guy who knows how to open forms I was forced to help her and get scolded by her and listen to her explain how tired she is and how I should be doing things myself even though I was instructed to give her the link and I'm sure I went through more than her (my friends hate me, I get hurt everyday at school and everybody just uses me for projects and stuff nobody really appreciates me). We then go to my laptop and open the link and stuff to fill up the form, I told her not to mess up my setup for like the 10th time already but she still persists and messes up my cable management that I spent hours and hard work just to get it perfect. Cable here, Broken keyboard there, scratched mouse pad there and etc. I am extremely pissed at this point because of how dirty my setup is again and it really means a lot to me because I rarely get gifts such as these from my dad. If you don't know what "setup" I'm talking about I am talking about "gaming setups" with high end monitors and all that stuff I worked hard for just for her to ruin time and time again (I worked 1 school year with nearly all As and only a few Bs. So at this point I am extremely pissed so I go to a room up stairs and watch some Youtube to ease my pain. She kept asking for help to I went back and forth going up the stairs and vice versa. She finally finishes answering for two hours and I just see my messy table which I don't like because I am a perfectionist (OCD maybe?). I grab my mouse and check her answers and I was shocked and sad to see the part "relationship status". All she answered were all lies about how me and her spend a lot of time together and how "we share secrets together" and how "I am always happy". This part meant a lot to me because I wanted to know if she would share information about our relationship but I guess she wants the world to think we are ok together. I hated this part and at this time I wanted to kill myself. I felt so betrayed because of the things she did in the past which are the opposite of what she wrote. In my previous post on this subreddit (which is now deleted) I revealed how my parents are together and how my dad knows about all this stuff and he can't do anything because he loves her and anything that she agrees on is good. I started trying to commit suicide since 4th grade and now I am in 8th grade. Is there anything I can do against my mom? I want to get away from her and never come back. I am 13 years old and I want to live a better life by getting a way from my mom. Even if it means I will go to another family. I will do anything.