not sure what i'm doing anymoreHi, I don't really know what to say here but I've got no one else to talk to really.

Over the last 2 years, I feel like my life is just gradually getting worse by the day. I used to be pretty outgoing, went to a lot of parties &amp; had a handful of close friends &amp; family etc. until I had a one-night stand which resulted in an unwanted pregnancy. There was no doubt in my mind about having an abortion, and I went through the process of going to multiple doctors etc. until I finally had the abortion in hospital. I told 2 of my best friends about this whole ordeal as I didn't want to go through it alone, they however had no intention of coming to appointments with me or helping me go through it, so I went through it alone. I couldn't tell my parents as I'd just turned 18 and my mother had threatened to kick me out if I ever got pregnant.

(The past two years with my family have been pretty rough. I've put on more weight since the abortion and my mother takes it upon herself to remind how fat I've gotten every day. She's not happy unless she's putting me down in some way. It's not just her but my grandparents &amp; other relatives too.)

After the abortion, I felt so self-conscious about how I looked as I'd put on a few pounds &amp; I just didn't feel comfortable being in public (this was during the summer). I started to stay at home more often, and due to this my friends got bored of me and didn't really have any interest in being my friend anymore. 

The majority of my friends went off to college then in fall, but I didn't as I didn't really know what I wanted to do with my life. I've felt this way for the last 2 years now. I've actually applied for college this fall but I'm not even sure I want to do the course/actually want to go to college. I just feel like it's expected of me which is why I'm going.

I'm currently in community college, and have been for the past 2 years. I hate the course I'm doing and don't have any friends in the class. I've pretty much gone from being outgoing &amp; sociable to a loner. I don't talk to anyone &amp; no one talks to me. I haven't minded so much though, I've managed. My attendance is pretty bad and I've had multiply warnings about it, and now my grades have really started to decline. It sucks I guess, but honestly I just have no interest in being there. I wake up in the morning and feel wide awake but I just don't have the energy or motivation to attend.

I feel like I'm just going nowhere with my life &amp; it's reached a point where I just don't care anymore. I've thought about suicide a lot lately, and was forced into attempting suicide before by an abusive ex-boyfriend. Lately, I feel like I've just been emotionally breaking down all the time &amp; feel like there's nothing left for me anymore.

I self-harmed the other day, thinking it'll make me feel better &amp; it did for a moment, until I saw how ugly it looked causing me to feel so ashamed of myself. I regret what I did, but part of me still feels like some form of self-harm will make me feel better even if it's just for a moment.

I don't know what I'm asking really, I just wanted a place to vent and advice I guess? I don't know. I broke down in tears earlier thinking of how much it hurts to be this mess I've turned into. After seeing ex-friends making bitchy comments about me earlier, when I've done nothing to provoke it, just made me realise how I have no one anymore. 

I'm not looking for sympathy &amp; I don't want pity, I just feel like maybe I deserve all this? Going to a doctor or a therapist is not an option seeing as I can't afford it (I'm a student) and there's no way I could actually talk about this to someone.

