How a hospital made me suicidal in under 30 minutesI'm sick of these health problems. They aren't as bad as some people, but the tingling in my hands, vision issues, and just recently, tremors from being treated with a drug I shouldn't have been given in the first place—it all just makes me so tired of being human.

People say our bodies are resilient. I say that they're useless and easily damaged. Evolution is a goddamn failure. Fuck you, evolution.

Currently, my hand and vision problems have been going away, but it's just one thing after another. At least I can ignore the tremors, eh?

And without a doubt, the medication that caused the tremors was a nightmare. Kids, if you ever have to go to the hospital for a migraine, make sure you know what medications you're getting, then google them on the spot. Compazine is something I would not wish on my worst enemy, and it's the source of my tremors.

Not just my tremors, but I guess my suicidal thoughts in general. It was the absolute worst experience in my life, hands down. I didn't even wish I was dead when it caused its adverse reaction. I knew I needed to die. I knew I should die, and that today was my time. While waiting for the Cogentin to come save me from that hell on earth, I was contemplating deeply on how to kill myself efficiently.

It was an extremely surreal experience, and gave me such a different outlook on my mortality. I was completely ready because of the psychological &amp; physiological pain I was in.

God damn, it was traumatic. I honestly don't know how I survived it.

And then, the doctor prescribed me a barbiturate for the headaches. A FUCKING BARBITURATE. What is this, the dark ages? Give me an order of vicodin you fucking asshole. You just put me through hell and back, and then you want me to die from barbiturate withdrawal? More importantly, why did you order TWENTY-FIVE FUCKING PILLS OF THE BARBITURATE. AND 6 OF THE COGENTIN.

Whatever. I hope these tremors go away, and they didn't cause any CNS damage. I have a feeling they will, but this is still the worst thing to have happened in my life.

I don't even know whether to cry or what my reaction should be. I'm simply in shock at the moment.

Please don't let these tremors last forever. I don't need a reminder everyday of the worst thing to have happened to me.