I'm so tired, but I've got the perfect plan.Nitrogen is a great gas, with a couple of backups to make sure I follow through. I'm exhausted. This shit has absolutely made me go insane. I can't sleep. I thought the cat would let me find some sort of reason to stay and provide for something, but she didn't. Day after day I fuck up and find myself absolutely ready to kill myself but every time I get right up to it, I don't fucking do it. I always skip out and decide that I should wait. Why can't I do it? Why am I such a pussy? Why can't God just fucking end me? What I wouldn't do to run off of the bridge on the drive home, or to be shot in some freak accident. Why do I have to suffer through this bullshit, simply because others would be sad? Did they give enough fucks while I was here for it to warrant that claim? They say they care but they flake out. They never check up on me. Four years I dedicated to fostering these fucking friends and they never talk to me. They talked shit behind my back and I did my absolute best to be good to them. I drove them everywhere. I payed for their meals when they couldn't, and never asked for them to pay it back. I fucking put grass in his yard, pulled stumps, put up a fence, all free of charge. I talked him down from his depressive episodes, and hyped him up when he decided to give up, I picked up their shifts, I drove his sister to school on my last couple of dollars because no one else could. I never asked for a fucking cent, and I was disposable to him. Why? I did everything right, didn't I? He said he wanted more independence, but fuck, he just left without anything. I have no one to talk to but my gf, but it hurts her. She gets upset and angry, for good reason, but still. I can't fucking take this shit anymore. I can take any of it anymore. I hate it here. I hate being alive. I hate having to deal with school and work, and family, and my mental health. If God won't kill me, I fucking will. I saved up to pay all my debt, and my fucking funeral bill. I'm done. Please God, give me the strength to follow through. I doubt anyone who cares will see this, but if they do: I only hope you go to sleep fucking sick thinking about how you care only when I'm fucking gone, like I'm some sort of fucking painter. Fuck this, and fuck this fucking world. I hate to be so negative, but Christ, I would like some semblance of mental safety. I've lost interest in everything. She blames herself for my shortcomings, and thinks that she's not enough. Stupid. I can't believe she burdened herself with that. I can't believe she said she wished she never got involved. I can't fucking do this anymore. Good fucking riddance to the fucking retard that I am.