Waking up in the middle of the night, weighing up the pros and cons of people caring that I stay alive.It's currently Monday morning, 3:30AM, I woke up about two hours ago, still half drunk, having had about 3 hours sleep, ate some more Xanax and smoked more weed. I spent most of this weekend in my bed. I wanted to go out and do things but one way or another I seemed to convince myself not to. I have a good support network which I'm extremely grateful. The feeling that I have let my family and loved ones down has been fundamental in the way that I have viewed every day since I was 12 or 13. I'm now 27 (M). Significant mental health issues and substance abuse have been ongoing problems for me since then. In this time, I have continued to meet a few amazing people who have challenged my cynicism about humanity. This adds to my conflict; Do I want to be here? Is me being here of enough benefit to be worth it?  


My dreams and goals are barely worth mentioning anymore because my work towards achieving them has completely stagnated. I am no longer sure if I am capable of ever completing my university degree and making the world a slightly better place through my career. During the pandemic and recession, the government in my country has been providing financial assistance to people who lost their jobs due to the economic circumstances, I am one of these people. I am very grateful for what has been provided to me, but the government money provided to us is about to be reduced and sustaining myself is about to become more difficult unless I can manage to find a new job.

&amp;#x200B;

Right now I kind of just wish I hadn't woken up in the middle of the night, I feel slightly better after crying and writing this but I suspect that this loneliness is about become quite overwhelming again when I finish writing. Love (of any kind) seems to so rarely be a worthwhile investment. Is it normal that most of the people who I have loved have either severely betrayed me, left or died? I know that I'm the common link here, I know that I get along well with mentally ill people because I'm mentally ill, but how the fuck do I fix all this? I couldn't deal with another loved one dying from drug/alcohol overdose or suicide. I can't count them on both hands anymore. I know there are people in much worse positions but I can't talk to anyone about this stuff and I feel so alone. Today was a nice day, why am I still like this. It's almost 4am now. I wonder if I'll be able to go back to sleep.