The hardest choices require the strongest willsI am really really tired of fighting with myself.
I have tried suicide a couple times before and unfortunately didn't succeed. As I'm writing this I feel loss for words to describe how exactly I'm feeling. I am tired and exhausted of everything around me. I wasn't a bright student, I dropped out of school in secondary 4. I've been ashamed to even tell my current friends about it. I often shrug it off when they ask me, "what university do you go to?". I feel pathetic, I feel like a loser and I have a soft heart which it a fucking curse. I cry easily, and often. I wish I wouldn't feel a thing, I wish I was numb. I wish I wasn't fighting myself constantly. I'm exhausted. I'm exhausted. I'm exhausted. I'm currently freelancing, after a failed business attempt. I freelance for a food delivery company, I'm barely hanging on, I often skip my session for the work because I can't help myself out of bed, I haven't eaten in days. Everything I do with the best interest in my heart comes to bite me in the ass. I am tired of living in this planet. Honestly I have been having suicidal thoughts a lot. I fantasize about walking into incoming traffic, overdosing on pills and drowning in the sea. (I can't swim) every night I go to the beach after hugging my parents that evening with no intention to come back, but every day my girlfriend ends up turning me around so I don't succeed, and I feel terrible for making her go through this thought of me suiciding. I fucking loathe myself because I don't want to hurt her and parents. But I'm exhausted of living. I cannot possibly let my parents know that I'm going through shithole.
My dad lost more than half of his life times saving because of me and my idea to invest in some financial trading , which we ended up getting scammed. This happened years ago and yet to this date I feel the tremendous guilt of it. I'm struggling hard to make money. I'm real struggling. I don't know how much longer I can hold on anymore. I'm so so so fucking tired. I walked through a rainstorm and I'm completely drenched now. I walked through a rainstorm on my way home from the beach today, it's 5am and I'm still on my way back. I really don't wanna live anymore. I just want to scream my lungs out. I want to hit something so hard, all this rage, anger, guilt and suffering. I just want the neverending pain to stop. I just want everything to stop. I want to cease to exist. I feel restless being at home, I haven't able to eat for 4 days. I've eaten 3 spoonful of rice in these 4 days. I'm struggling to wake up every day when it's feeling forced upon me. I'm abso-fucking-lutely tired. I just want to sleep and never wake up.