Losing hopeI've had to deal with fits or what can only be assumed as depression for years ever since I was a kid. When I was about 12 years old I had too much and had attempted suicide, it didn't end up working and I lived through it and never really talked about it. Through the years I've tried to learn to deal with the waves when they come, it doesn't always work as well as I'd hope. I've tried therapy but with the person leaving the practice and my parents berating me how I don't need one and it's waste of money I stopped going. I've had to deal with my anxiety and depression on my own for years, my middle school had recommended I see someone back when I was 10 or 11 years old because it was clear already then it was something too big for me to handle alone. 

My parents use to be physically abusive along with emotionally so and my mother is super manipulative and fucked up. My whole life between the two of them they've both been alcoholics and abuse drugs. Ever since I've had jobs they "borrow" money for booze, or to make bill payments because they cant cover it because of their poor spending habits or to cover for taking care of the animals. Maybe half the time I get paid back. Many times my mom will get cheap things and say it's for my art i do and decide shes paid me back. She spends 30 to 40 on alcohol and cigarettes up till recently along with abusing drugs shes not suppose to have, now it's just pot products and alcohol even though they said she can never drink after having such a huge ulcer.

My mother has been known to steal my brothers, dad's and I's adhd meds, because "she needs them more" and "shes the one who works". I work full time and do what I can to make sure we stay afloat. She just obviously makes more. Her doc won't prescribe her strong pain meds or those kinds of meds so she demands them from people. She gets drunk every night and on all her older forms of alcohol she would get violent drunk and toss stuff around and scare me. Now it's just easy to set her off and make her mad and she screams at you a while and storms off and wont speak to you for a couple days even if she doesn't remember what the fight was about. She laughs off any thing like that she does. When I was 11 years old and she was the only parent in our lives she told me she never wanted me. It's taken her years to admit she did that and like everything else she tried to play it off, even my dad said the story she made up of not wanting a daughter to go what she had to was bs. 

They've fucked me over into getting a car I can't pay for alone that they wanted as like almost a midlife crisis car. When i was first having jobs i applied for things to get credit, and I was duped by them into not paying things. I've been trying to rebuild my credit since then but I don't know what's true and who to believe on if I should be settling and paying things back or ignoring things like they say. I should have known better and shouldn't let them bully me into taking my money but I'm always afraid they'll kick out my cats or kick me out. I can't afford to live on my own and the cats were the only reason at times I didn't try to kill myself again. I knew theyd be left alone and dumped at a shelter at best and separated.

I have trouble relying on friends because sometimes I feel like they don't care about me the same way I do for them. Theres so many times they leave me on read when I try to hang out, so many times they refuse to make plans when they know I'm free and only want to spontaneously text me to hang when I'm working or when I've made plans because they havent talked to me in a long time about doing anything. It's like I'm an afterthought. And the fact they make plans then hang out together then cancel on me without admitting its canceling adds to it. They also have a super toxic and manipulative person in the friend group who makes me feel like shit all the time and blocks me from talking or relating to convos when we hang and "unintentionally" forgets me alot leaving me waiting for hours or asks to hang and then says it's too much of a hassle to get me even tho the other people live 5 minutes away driving from me. Some of my other healthier friends have offered to take me in if I was ever kicked out or at least could house the cats if anything ever happened but our relationship is complicated and I dont want to push away the few people who seem to care and I can rely on more. I have a habit of being self destructive and ruining good things like that. I dont want to which is why I dont feel open enough talking about how depressed and passively suicidal I've been. I'm open to a degree on my panic and anxiety attacks and just feeling unsettled at work and desperate to leave home and they know alot about my home life but I feel I cant keep dumping that on people all the time.

I dont know what to do about debt and bills and moving out and saving money and how to be happy and what you can actually tell a therapist without getting in trouble because of what your family does and how to know what to say to people and admit to people how you feel and work towards a better life and so many things.

I've been trying so hard to do better for myself and do what I need to and it's just so hard and tiring and it seems like I'll never be where I need to. I'll never move out, ill fail my liscence test, never finish my associates and go back to school, never find a partner of any kind or very with who I really want and never get past all the bad things I didn't even name all of in here. It's just so exhausting and I'm tired of fighting and being angry and resentful. I'm tired of the secrets and not feeling right if I even get many feelings at all. I care so much all the time or never enough and it's taking too much from me and tearing me to pieces. I'm losing faith in people and that's the only faith I've ever had. And I want to give up. It's too much.