I laugh so I don't cry Yesterday I went down to my local library with the goal in mind. There was a subject that's been on my mind a lot lately and I'm the crack addict of reading and learning, so once I decided that's what I wanted to do I had to drive my happy ass down there. I walk in and make a b-line straight for that desk where there's always two or three old women pretending to work and I'm pretty sure just mutter under their breath “Please don't talk to me, just keep walking fucker” over and over and then give you that customer service smile. Well I hate to ruin your day lady, but I'm here to learn today. So I ask this old lady, “Do you have any books on suicide?”     
  She gives me the nastiest look and her face scrunched up so much she could've passed herself off as a sharpei. Then in her high old grandma voice she shrieked “No, not again! We don't lend those out anymore since we never get them back!”    
  None of this happened of course, all this was just a clever ruse to make you feel more invested in this post so it'd be harder for you to skip it. Terribly sorry for the deception. In all actuality this post is about how I've gotten to the point where I am now, on a throwaway account about to spill my life story to the entirety of the internet. To make up for my previous betrayal though, I will hide my SS# somewhere in this post, but onto the point of this whole show.     
    
  I've been pretty suicidal lately. I've multiple suicide attempts and by multiple I mean over thirty. I've came close four times. The was in the dead of winter at one in the morning. I walked into the middle of the woods, drank a bottle of liquor and took my coat off. Changed my mind but almost didn't make it because it was next to impossible to get back up and move. Next one was drowning myself, then overdosing, and then VSED.     
    
  At this point I'm in my early thirties and I've lived more life than most people will live before they're in their fifties. Due to the incompetence of my mother, I've lost all my siblings to all sorts of nastiness. My sister managed to kill herself from alcoholism at the age of 23 four years ago. She was jaundiced to hell and back and all of her organs shut down. She went into a coma and never woke up. My mother had let her get away with drinking since she was ten as well as letting all sorts of people into the house who used hard drugs with her. My other sibling got on the wrong side of the law and got less than what she deserved.     
  I was the second born. I had a lot of problems growing up, a lot. I was and am mentally challenged and it made my life really hard. I was always told by everyone in my family that I'll end up in a ditch someday or that I'll be living under a bridge. I was constantly berated and belittled, always told the reason why I had such a hard time was because I was lazy and not trying hard enough. I was told that I wasn't actually sick.     
  Even more, I get the distinct impression that I was only ever viewed as a possession by my mother. She's what I refer to as a “Collector” anymore. She acquires things that are pretty to look at and surrounds herself in things she can boast about to make up for her own personal shortcomings. She has done this her entire life from knick-knacks to animals. There are no pictures of any of her children in the house except for children's pictures and she would always lament on the fact that “We were so cute before we grew up” and we were raised to be servants.     
  We were forced to massage my mother's feet, back, and neck as well as scratch her back. If we didn't, we'd be grounded and guilted. She would change her cloths in the middle of the house, bathe and use the bathroom with the door wide open. My siblings were allowed to walk around the house naked until their midteens.     
  Then we almost never had food but for some reason there was always money for budweiser, wild turkey, and pall malls. Then there was the sheer amount of abuse that went on. It'd be one in the morning and all of the sudden my bedroom door would fly open, my mother drunk as hell, screaming for me to get into the living room. There, she would yell at me and my sisters for half an hour, doing everything she could to demean us. It got to the point where I'd wake up in the middle of the night at the slightest noise, ready to hop out of bed to defend myself. I live alone now but I still wake at the slightest noise and my bedroom door is always locked when I'm sleeping at night. At one point I took a stand and told her when she asked for beer money no, I wasn't going to give it to her. She assaulted me, and it wasn't the last time.   
  I was unable to work, completely and utterly, and always told that because I have a mood disorder I should just get over myself and that this was just a crutch and no one should have to deal with my bullshit. I got disability and paid of my debts but suddenly my mother demanded all the money I was getting saying she was owed it. .      
    
  At this point in my life, I'm no longer in contact with any family. I made attempts to keep in contact with them, but they didn't reciprocate. I've come to realize there is a strong chance they never cared much to begin with. No one has even called to see if I'm alive and they have my number.     
  I live alone and I'm on a ton of government programs to keep me going since I'm not able to work. I feel like I've failed society as a whole for not being better than I am, even though I know most people would be dead or worse with everything I've been through. I can't even handle minute levels of stress without having a full blown break down. If people raise their voice I normally end up breaking down in tears shortly after. I'm constantly so depressed that I'm hardly able to take care of myself as I struggle to remain functioning. I jump at any noise and constantly have to reassure myself that people aren't gas lightning me or plotting against me. I can't be in a room without having my back to a wall and able to see all points of entrance, same with sleeping. Speaking of sleeping, I have a fear of going to bed anymore because each night I go to sleep I experience dreadful dreams where I feel actual pain and I'm either reliving experiences from my past or its a brand new fresh kind of hell, like last night I was dissected while alive and awake and it was excruciating and this is every night.     
  Additionally, I'm often alienated from a lot of social groups due to my political beliefs or my sexual preferences. In this current climate, I've been told that I'm a traitor, a monster, someone who should just go hang themselves, and someone who will never be loved. This is a constant from a lot of people. I'm a moderate conservative but I also suffer from GID and identify as a woman and asexual, so I'm kind of being shafted from three different directions there. To clarify on my mood disorder, rapid cycling manic depressive. So, in short, I'm socially isolated for a multitude of reasons.     
  I've started to question if it would be better that I was dead so I was no longer a drain on societies resources so that someone that can be “fixed” can get the help they need. The amount of pain I go through is intense and I'm constantly paddling just to keep my head above water. I feel like if I can't get well enough to go back to work then I shouldn't be here. My friends have been helping me get over this mentality but when they aren't around it just surges back. I don't want to be on assistance the rest of my life but I only get worse as I get older. It's reached the point where I'm considering getting certain things done to ensure the outcome I want. All I know is, I've been in the wards over a dozen times in my life and I sure as hell am not going back again. I do see my case worker and therapist this week along with a nurse, and I'm attending groups so I'm not out in the wind here.     
  I just don't want to live this way the rest of my life, in this place on this kind of money, but I can't get past all this. Additionally, I'm well educated and I'm a pretty cool fucking woman. I'm also good looking (even though I don't like my body, I can't deny good looks), and I'm not lacking self confidence and I'm a blast to hang out with, but how many people are going to even consider me a potential partner? I'm horribly crippled by my mental illness, my PTSD, then there is my GID, ontop of the fact that I don't have a job and no substantial income to speak of. I'd also like to clarify all conditions stated in here are diagnosed by professionals.     
  But this is my entire rant and I'm sitting here not wanting to go to bed because of what I'll go through when I'm asleep and torn between starting VSED again or not. Also, I lied again. I didn't put my SS# in here, forgive me.     
