This is long...sorryThis isn't the right place for me to be posting, but really there isn't such a place. My goal here is only to get some things off my chest. But it's relevant enough to the requirements of /r/suicidewatch to fit in without being mod'ed out, I think, because I am in fact considering suicide. I say it's not the right place to post because I don't really want to hear the standard "don't do it", "you have so much to live for", or "this is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"-type responses. What I would like is earnest advice, because I really am in a tough situation. But I do wonder: if for some reason it's not possible for me to pull myself out of this, in that case, would you recommend or at least morally allow suicide?

I have a loaded shotgun in my closet, a pre-written suicide note and notification emails waiting on the web, and a numbered, step-by-step plan that I can follow even when drunk. So in a sense I'm just waiting for that final trigger, but it never seems to come. Sometimes I go through the motions and try to see if I can make myself go through with it, but I always stop short, and then decide that it's not what I want to do. This usually happens at dawn: I'll go and get my shotgun and lay it across my lap, or practice bracing the stock against the ground with the barrel in my mouth aimed for my brainstem, or lay down on my bed with it and point the loaded barrel at my head, drumming rhythms with my fingers on the barrel, all the while thinking it might accidentally discharge. But really, I don't think I *want* to die -- instead I want a good and livable life. But that's something that might not be possible for me. So I recognize this, and want to have the my suicide plan ready to go at all times, like the bombers hovering at their failsafe points in "Dr. Strangelove." I don't ever want to be caught without the option to die in 30 seconds if necessary. "I could be dead in a few minutes," I tell myself sometimes. It helps...it really does. It helps me feel better somehow, for a little while.

The main thing is that I'm brain damaged, mentally ill, and on Social Security Disability. I'm 37 years old, and I've never had a real job. Usually I get fired or quit within a month or so. After my head injury, I struggled for a long time to find some area of life that I could do well, but I eventually did: it sounds silly, but it was being an art student. I managed to get my AA, BA, and MFA in visual art, all post-injury. I don't know how much you know about university art departments, but they don't have a lot to do with professionally viable skills. So, after getting my master's degree in art in 2011, I found myself stuck in exactly the same place I'd been stuck for the previous 17 years of my employable life: without qualifications and without experience. So I just kept on living on a combination of my mom's money and Social Security disability payments.

After grad school, I moved in with my mom and stepdad. They say they like me, like my company, and are happy I'm here, and I guess I believe them. Certainly they think that I'm severely disabled and that to kick me out would basically be a death sentence or a banishment into the homeless population. I pretty much agree, although sometimes I don't care and would almost rather be homeless than live in this artificial second childhood environment. But it's not that bad in and of itself -- it's mostly a torment in that I haven't accomplished anything. I'm so ashamed of myself, of who am am. I'm pretty sure a few of my old high school friends are bona fide millionaires. 

I had this crazy experience after grad school where I fell in love with a woman, who of course said she wanted a man with some direction in life and a career -- standard stuff. So I hatched this desperate plan to get myself into nursing school, which turned into medical imaging school, which turned into dropping an introductory biology class full of 19 year olds because I couldn't handle the labs (I can't work in groups, can't take the visual instructions, get overwhelmed and overstimulated, slow everyone down, don't know what I'm doing, forget stuff, don't know where to find anything, and get so upset that I fantasize about suicide the whole time, and literally break down and cry in the bathroom).

Also, I'm really fat. Like, deformedly obese -- no longer shaped even remotely like a man. And I'd sure like a girlfriend, I tell you what. I haven't had sex in 8 years.

So that's where I am now: my most recent plan to launch myself into some kind of career has failed. Or actually, what's happened is that I've taken on the usual "never give up" stance and met with disability support services and the professor and etc, and am auditing the lab in preparation for next Fall, when I'll take the course again. But I don't know that it's going to get any easier. I don't see why it would, frankly. And after that, there's two more sequential courses, and then I have to apply to the medical imaging program -- it's not even guaranteed that I'll get in. And then two years of that. Then, it's far from guaranteed that I'll be able to get a job in that field, let alone be able to work that job considering my history of employments problems and neuropsychological disabilities. And I'll be 41 or 42 by the time I finish, if I even do...if I even can. It's sort of ridiculous, come to think of it. Probably I should just go get a shit job, and tolerate all the snickers at my man-breasts poking through my uniform shirt.

Are you starting to get a sense of why I think suicide might be a good bet for me? How on earth might life work out in some pleasant way? I just don't see it.

What should I do about this medical imaging thing? My inclination is to forget about it, go see a career counselor, and try to get myself into the world of work ASAP. Then, take it from there. Right now more school seems ridiculous. I blame my trying for this medical imaging thing all on this stupid woman I fell in love with. Whatever. Or maybe I should go become a hardcore drug addict? I dunno...I need something. I guess all in all my life is not that unpleasant now: I have my own room, my own computer, a guitar, and stuff like that, and my mom cooks for me. My mom and stepdad love me, and treat me well, although I'm pretty sure they know I'm not long for this world, in some sense: either suicide or a marginal life to which death might be preferable. I have friends on the internet, and even a few in real life (although mostly they're not around here). It's just that I can't be a normal person -- I can't love, and I can't work. I'm not sure life it worth living under those circumstances...I'm really not.

There's always the Harrington &amp; Richardson single-shot, break-action, 12-gauge shotgun ($140 at "Dick's Sporting Goods") about 10 feet to my left, sitting there waiting for an impulsive moment that might turn out to be the best decision I've ever made for myself.