Can't Move Forward, Can't Go BackI'm caught between two women, both of whom want to use my children against me.

I was selfish and I cheated on my SO with another woman. I got this other woman pregnant and she had our child about 6 months ago. My SO and I have two children together.

I love my children no matter where they are from, no matter the mother, but each woman wants me to choose between them. I want peace among everyone so that our children can grow in a loving environment, but neither woman can stand me being anywhere around the other and each doesn't want me or their child to come into contact with the other.

I'm going through the courts to try to get some sort of custody of my child from the woman I cheated with for so long, but it feels like it's taken so long and there's never going to be any progress. She's been keeping me from my son and I haven't seen him since April 1 and it hurts so much. The next time I see him, I don't even know if he'll remember me. I feel like my children are being used as weapons against me. All I want is for them to grow up together and for them to know that their father loves them, but I don't want to continue going on like this.

No matter what I do, it doesn't seem to matter. There's no right choice. Somebody will get hurt because nobody is willing to compromise. Each mother sees only their children and doesn't care for the others. It feels like every path before me will lead to pain. I don't want any of my children to suffer, but I don't know that there's any right decision for me to make. Maybe if I die, my children will have some sort of positive, idealized memory of me. It's not fair to them if I kill myself, but what kind of life do they have to look forward to with their parents constantly fighting? Maybe if I sacrifice myself it will give my children a common tragedy to unite around.

I'm likely too much of a coward to follow through with anything, but it's so hard to keep going on like this. I want to be a good person, but there doesn't seem like anything I can do. I just want to die.