Welcome to my world.Everyday I wake up feeling like absolute shit, I take my meds they make feel better for an hour or two tops, then I put on a fake smile while I feel like dying and go try and find something other than you to cheer me up. half the time its sleep because at least then I feel absolutely nothing, I go to the doctor say the meds sorta work, ok let's up your dose. Send me to a fucking councillor that tells me the exact same shit I already know. repeat for a year and a half and see were that fucking gets you. Take up smoking and it eases the pain of being alive for at least another hour. But wait your gf tells you to stop so does your mom because they wont listen to anything you say smoke weed for a while at least that makes you feel something other than like shit all the god Damn time. But wait that's drugs and drugs are bad. (Unless the doc gives you some useless fucking pill to dull the pain for a few hours) then your mom and gf find out, that's fucking horrible Anon I don't want you using drugs! So back to feeling like shit because the ways you find help everyone else hates drop out of school because you cant handle anything aside from sitting in resource barely able to keep from crying while you try to do work so you can be normal so you can graduate later than everyone else, so you can maybe achieve something. If school doesn't work why not try at home so then you can sit there in the quiet staring at the Walls as they mock you for being a fucking failure at almost everything. But wait, there's more... since you cant go to school why not get a job? Well if I cant fucking handle school and barely handle being at home how am I supposed to manage a job? Then When that's not enough you have to listen to everyone say how much of a fuck up and a burden you are to your mother (mostly family) Honestly what's the point of me even trying anymore!? I don't have faith in myself neither does my family. I'm just a fucking burden to society that will never accomplish anything. THE FUCKING END. Welcome to my world.