Just what's on my mindI try to stay as positive as I possibly can and because of that I have kept a lot of feelings inside. I have realised that in doing so has caused more damage to myself than it did helping. Were all humans. We are very simple yet complex creatures. We have needs of survival. We have wants. That is what drives us, pushes us forward. Then comes the imbalance. When the wants are of great length, and you start forgetting about what you need. When I say needs I do not mean basic rights. What I mean is what makes us complex. Social relationships. Self likeness. Inner peace. The touch of another's soul. It is hard to get such simple yet complex ideas to be reality. Especially inner peace. How may someone find inner peace when we see the world through the same scope but with different lenses. People blame others. People blame themselves. People blame their Gods. There is no blame to be put upon. We are humans. Simple yet complex. We are simple because we don't know as much as we think. What does or doesn't exist. The true meaning of life. We all have different opinions on such matters. You sit there and start to wonder, why am I truly here. Why am I alive and breathing and doing this and doing that. People say we are all put here for a reason. If that is the truth, how does one find there's. How does one figure such a thing. The world is split on so many things. Someone is out having a good time with friends family ect. Others are sitting there. Stuck. Figuring out if it is worth the trouble to go and do something. The worth of getting out of bed in the morning. You might say those people having a good time have it all figured out. Well they don't. Finding a reason for life is impossible. We are just humans. Finding the reason for yourself to live, that is more possible. Then there are those who just can't seem to figure that one out. That's were not only I but millions of people stand. Living everyday the same. Wondering why they should get out of bed. Wondering if one day will pass and the next, it will all work out. Always trying to restart, but always going back to where you left off. This complex thing that is driving our minds, our movement's, our reasons, opinions, our beliefs is one thing. Life. The very powerful force that keeps us going. Something very valuable, that can be taken away in a second. Years and years of life, gone in a second. We all live for the same reason, and that reason is death. No matter how powerful life is death always follows. Some are afraid of it, some are indifferent, and others embrace it. It it truly wrong to feel like death is sometimes the answer to life. I simply don't know at this point. Im only human. Simple yet complex.