Ziggy and II was making pasta for my family when I decided to-day was the  day I would end it. I'm 21. I live with my parents. I have a job, but I only work part time. My parents both have two full time jobs each, so I stay home and cook and clean for them. I've been doing this since I was seventeen. We have a dog. His name is Ziggy. He's getting older now. We rescued him a few years ago, because I was lonely.

It's crazy, how much of the world revolves around money. People are dying on the streets in a country with enough vacant housing to give them shelter. People are starving while tons of food goes to waste. Isn't that something? But we ignore it because there's a new iPhone coming out, and so that's what makes the headlines. I'm so angry at the world, but mostly I'm just tired. My parents work so much, but even with my help we can barely afford groceries.

I don't like money. I don't like a lot of things. I like to cook, though. I grow most of my own herbs and vegetables. Ziggy and I used to go down into the woods and find wild mushrooms and onions to cook in the spring, but last summer they cleared out most of the woods for a housing development. It's sad, because the woods were so pretty in the spring and so many wild animals lived there. I think some of them were used to Ziggy and I near the end, they never ran from us. I miss the woods. 

I never finished high school. I was diagnosed with depression when I was 15. It got really bad in my junior year, and I just stopped going. I don't have a lot of opportunities in life because of that. I wish I had stuck it out. Back then, I couldn't get out of bed most mornings. I still can't sometimes, but Ziggy has helped. He loves morning walks, and I never want to disappoint him. I don't have a lot of opportunities in life, but I think about what I could have done in another life a lot.

In another life, I live alone in a small cottage in the woods. I live off the land, and I make my own clothes. I make money selling things at the farmer's market, but I don't need a lot of money to live how I do.

In another life, I live in a small house in a desert town. I work at a diner off an interstate that passes through. The people who come in are strange and interesting. I'm comfortable and happy.

In another life, I bought an old van and turned it into my home. I drive from place to place and work odd jobs to survive. When one town loses it's charm, I move to the next. Nobody knows who I am or where I came from. 

This isn't any of those lives. In this life, I live at home and watch family owned businesses I grew up with disappear as they're killed off by the new Walmart in town. In this life, my pasta dough is abandonned on the counter and I'm sitting on the porch smoking a cigarette. I don't smoke a lot, only when I'm trying not to cry. In this life, an aphid is crawling up my pant leg. I'm excited to see bugs out, spring is my favorite time of year.

I've been thinking about suicide as long as I can remember. Planning it for a little over a year now, I've just never known when. Everything looks like a weapon, sometimes. The pen I write my recipes with, the leash I walk my dog on. I always thought I should train him to walk off leash. It would take more time, but at least I wouldn't be choking right now. 

Some people say they were born in the wrong generation. I think the world as a whole was not meant for me. I try to toughen up, but I always want to see the good. I want to fix the world for people who deserve it. I can't, though. I'm one person, and I don't know many people, let alone anyone who feels like me. 

I think I might end it to-night. It's the first time I've felt so sure of it. But I also might wake up to-morrow and take Ziggy on his morning walk. I like spring, after all.