Hey SW, I feel pretty fuckin' down.I know you don't recognize me; I forgot my old account(s). But I've been here a few times. Seven at last count. You could say I've lived a pretty precarious life. 

I thought I'd moved past all that, but today things got a hell of a lot worse. Let me explain.

I graduated high school last semester (as in, class of 2011). I had a rough last few years, but I was determined to put all that behind me. I took summer classes for college next semester, got a wonderful girlfriend, started eating better and exercising and generally put my life on track.

Summer ended and college began last week... And I love it! I love eating dinner with my girlfriend every day. I love my little patch of the world that is my eighth-floor dorm (even if I do have to share it). I love all the clubs I joined. I love the beautiful campus I get to walk every day. I love the friendly staff and I love all my classes (yes, really!). Friday I had a great interview for an awesome job. Life was really looking up. In the space of a few months, I turned everything around.

Today, I got the news: My family won't be able to pay my tuition. Since we're on the installment plan, it's about $880 per month. My mom makes slightly more than minimum wage and has two other kids to take care of. My stepdad won't contribute. I haven't talked to my biological dad in years (and I know he won't help; he won't even pay his portion of my braces, but that's a story for another day). My grandparents don't have a lot of money, but they do have a lot of grandkids and they've already given me so much. I went into $12,000 of debt just to get this far. I applied for 12 scholarships and didn't win one, and that really hurt my self-esteem.

So that's that. When September 5th rolls around and I can't scrounge up ~900 USD, I get the boot. I'm worse than back to where I was; none of the positive improvements, with no place to live and smothering debt. I feel like walking to the end of my dorm's hall and just jumping off the eighth floor balcony right now, and I know I shouldn't. I just don't know what else to do anymore.

To whom it may concern: I am so, so sorry.