I will never be loved back.I'm posting with a throwaway because I wouldn't know what to do if my friends found this.

I feel almost no emotions when it comes to relationships. I virtually no sex drive. The people I do feel this way about have barely anything to do with sex, and I'd be happy to live out the rest of my life with them without sex, as long as they're there.

The girl I'm in love with has a boyfriend of 3.5 years. I'm in high school right now so that is an eternity. I can barely describe why I care about her so much in this way, but she's just an extremely compassionate person. I never think about her sexually. I just want to be with her but I know that will never happen. Her boyfriend is also my friend, and I can't do anything but want them to be happy. But at the same time, it's eating me alive when they disappear for a couple minutes because I know they're making out and it's just so conflicting to want them to not be together and want them to be happy at the same time. And I also know that she just *doesn't* feel the same way about me. She saw me have a complete mental breakdown yesterday. While it felt great to have her there for me during all of that, I'm certain that she just sees me as a messed up friend. Hugging her was the best thing I've ever felt in my life because it just made me feel like someone cared and she's the only person I've felt comfortable enough with to hug.

I could talk about other people I feel this way about, which is a very short list that also includes an internet friend (male) who's seen me at another really low point in my life and a certain fictional girl whose name I won't say right now. The people I've felt something sexual about is also short, but is also really bad for me - her boyfriend. It would take a long time to describe why, but I actually can feel a little bit of that part of me when I think about him. The point is, I can only feel this way about people I can't *ever* be with. My life already sucked as it is without this realization - I had a freaking mental breakdown from stress yesterday, because my parents yell at me and insult me non-stop, even though they know how badly I'm feeling. I don't need them constantly harassing me about college or being mad about my B+ in math right now when I have shit like this to worry about. I really just want to die now. I know that I will inevitably die by killing myself, why not just end it now instead of suffering? I've never been anything but suicidal and I'm only afraid of the pain of death, but I don't even know if this pain is better. Someone please help...