The Power to Control TimeWhat superpower would you choose? This is a question my friends and I always asked one another. My answer was always the power to control time. Why not time right? I could see the winning lottery numbers today and go back to yesterday and hit the jack pot. I could be rich and donate the money to the poor. I could stop time to do anything I want in the world. I could even save lives. I could stop a moving truck that was seconds away from colliding to a family of four in an SUV. I could make the world a better place. My 7 year old self would probably do all that and more but what about me? As selfish as it sounds I wouldn't do any of those.
I would go back in time back to when I was 7 back when I was a better person, back when I had purpose, back when I was willing to make the world a better place, back when I actually cared. That 7 year old has goals and a purpose in life. He wanted to make the world a better place a world without suffering, a world where people was happy. I couldn't do any of those even if I had that power now. I only want to run away, run back into the past to that 7 year old. He was amazing, he was pure. Look at how I turned out to be. I probably hurt people more than caring about them. Would he even look at me in the eyes and not turn away disgusted? Probably not. Everything that 7 year old promised himself, I broke. Every dream he had, I crushed. That 7 year old had more courage than I ever had. I am afraid of this world. I am terrified of rejection and failure. I just want to run away. I even had thoughts of ending myself but why didn't I do.
I guess I am afraid. I afraid of letting my parents down even further. I wasted so much of their time and money, I wasted their efforts in raising me. I wasted their love for me. I don't even remember the last time I told them I loved them sincerely. That 7 year old was not like that he is passionate and caring. He loved people and people loved him. Who am I? I wish I knew. I am an empty vessel walking on this godforsaken Earth waiting for the day I am forgotten. I hate myself for giving up in so many things in life. I hate myself for giving up playing squash, I hate myself for giving up Teakwondo, I hate myself for giving up drawing. Why don't I start back? I am afraid. Afraid of what people think, afraid of giving up again. Now I always tell people I used to be this person but telling that story feels like talking about someone else. A stranger than I have forsaken to be this monster. This selfish beast that only leeches and takes whatever it wants.
I run away by sleeping. I am afraid to wake up. I am afraid to look into the mirror and look myself in the eyes knowing I failed you. I have a tattoo that means don't worry. People think I am carefree and happy but deep down I had this to remind myself, to not be afraid of the world. I am afraid to tell this to anyone. I'm afraid to even tell my closest friends and family. Afraid they will abandon me. That 7 year old would not even need this. He is confident. He doesn't need anything to remind him that he is happy because he is. I am writing this while smoking. Smoking? Something that he probably wouldn't even think about. I used to like this girl. Right now she is together with my best friend. I never told her I liked her because I was afraid. My friends think I didn't tell her was because I cared about my friendship with him. Honestly I don't, I am just afraid. I am afraid of rejection, afraid of not having anyone else in my life. I am afraid to be alone. To my 7 year old self, I am sorry.