Might of fucked up a good friendship. Feel kinda suicidal, would like inputThis is an update to this post: http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/tmuo3/is_this_friendship_screwed_up_for_good/ 

Aforementioned post in a nutshell: Friday night I got into a little argument with a friend of mine. She told me that she needed space, and was tired of my constant negativity, and I'm hard to be around because I accuse and neg out all the time and she can't talk to me for a while.

Here's the update: Three days later I texted and apologized, saying that i'll be more positive and ill work on my negative thoughts. I asked her if she can give me another chance. She said "of course. I said I needed space, I didn't say I wanted to stop being friends." Later that night we hung out, I was positive almost all night until I lost my cigs and my lighter. I negged out, said I didn't want to be there anymore, called my mom to complain, etc. She didn't seem mad at the time. 

The next morning I texted her at 630 telling her I left my beer in the car from last night. Here is the convo from there:



Her: Wtf dude, you text me at 645 telling me you left your beer? That's stupid, you'll get your fucking beer back. 

Me: oh sorry. I didn't know I woke you up. Didn't think it would be a big deal, I thought you'd just sleep through it and see it when you woke up.    

Her: you're rude and selfish. 

Me: sorry dude. I hope the friendship doesn't end because of this. 

Her: how would you like it if someone texted you and woke you up over something stupid. 

Me: I'm sorry =|

Me: hello? Do you hate me now? 

*call her - no reply*

Her (10 minutes later) : josh, you're a fucking basket case, I'm busy right now and I cannot take this crap from you anymore. You need to get therapy and take on some real responsibility and leave everyone else alone. Your drama is YOUR problem, not your friends, not mine, not your sisters, it's your's. Leave me alone. 

Me: I realize that I need help, look I'm sorry and ill be calmer from now on. Just give me another chance. 

Her: you said that yesterday. 

Me: please. Just one more chance, that's all I ask. 

Her: fuck that. I went out on a limb and gave you another chance yesterday. This isn't just about the text, it's how you act. Unacceptable. 

Me: so you're writing me off permanently? 

Her: (at the same time I wrote the last text); You are a spoiled little brat, and I'm appealed you called your grandmother to bother her about your fucking smokes. That makes me want to beat the crap out of you. 

Her: until you get some fucking help, you need to learn to give people the respect they deserve. 

Me: Oh. I was just upset that I lost them. I realize that it was a little over the top.

Her: that was way over the top, everyone there was ready to shoot you. I don't even think you realize your own actions. 

Me: is that why you took me home? 

Her: no fucktard. I told you why we took you home. I had to be up early. God damn it you piss me off so much. Don't text me anymore, seriously, stop. 

Me: I promise I'll be more pleasant. Just plz. What do you want from me? I'm trying to apologize. 

Her: Fuck you. You dont listen. Im sick of your self loathing bullshit. Just shut up &amp; grow up. Youre 23 fucking years old. 

Me: I'm sorry. Just give me one last chance. That's all i ask. 

Me: hello? 

Me:  sorry to bug you again, but Im just asking for one final chance. If I screw up I won't bother you and ask for another. Just one more chance is all I ask. 

*no reply*

It kind of sounds like she's had it with my shit. I'm going to start working on it, I even looked into therapy. I would really love to know how to fix it. I feel really depressed over this, and on the verge of killing myself. 

Ps: She's 21, I'm 22 (close to 23). We've known each other for 4 years, been friends for 2, and been best friends for 5 months. 
