Lowest I've ever been This is gonna be long. I am absolutely fucking broken right now,, and I just need to know that someone, somewhere, can see the depth of my pain. That my illness is lying to me and I am not alone in this experience. Bear with me here, or skim through, doesn't matter. 

I've been depressed all my life. I'm 28. Started seeing a psychiatrist and taking prescription meds at 19. Also became a recreational drug user that year, and that turned into full-blown addiction by 23. Ive never had very true close friends, and it seems most other women don't like me, so trying to make friends is hard. I have a best friend who lives across the country from me and I miss her badly. Not close to my parents, actually quite fucked up relationship with my mom. I've been to college a handful of times and still have nothing to show for it. I'm unemployed but when I do work, I change jobs every 6ish months or less. I don't have any hobbies, nothing really interests me. There's nothing that excites me. I'm married but my husband actually left me today over false accusations of me cheating. Owning up to it, I have cheated on him in the past, and the details of that are too fucking monstrous for me to post, I honestly fear the comments I'd get. He knows what I've done, but for a while he still wanted to make it work. But we just fucking couldn't. He (understandably) doesn't trust me, and brings it up in some way on a daily basis. He doesn't work either so we're together 24/7. We don't have any personal time. He's also an addict and attempts to get clean, individual and collective, are futile. Neither of us is perfect, and our relationship has become pretty goddamn toxic/abusive in the last couple of years. We've both been miserable for a long time but just couldn't bear to let go. I have two kids. My son is 6 and from a previous marriage to a textbook example of a narcissistic, I met my current husband through my ex at work. I left my first because of his alcoholism, by cheating on him with my now-husband. (A pattern, I know, I'm a true piece of utter shit). My daughter is almost 2. Both kids live with my parents, though we see them fairly often enough. My husband and I had to live with them when I was pregnant with baby girl, and we had our own place (a small house his parents had bought a few years prior)  by the time she was 6 months old. The house needed a lot of work, it took a couple of months to make it livable, and when we were a week away from being able to move the kids in with us, my husband suffered a head injury that could've killed him and I spent the next 5 or so months taking care of him; the kids stayed with my parents and we intended to have them living with us as soon as my husband could function and manage his constant migraines (the sound of our infant daughter screaming was enough to make him literally cry from pain). But we got addicted to opioids before we reached that point and started down a fucking rabbit hole of other drugs that I wouldn't wish on anyone. We just can't fucking get our shit together because of drugs. My parents actually have legal guardianship of our daughter because the last time my husband and I almost split up, I ran off with another meth addict for about a week and they decided that my husband and I were too unstable/ill-equipped to take care of the kids, and they didn't want him to get custody in case of divorce because they think he's "crazy." We go to court in October to determine if we can have them back. We suck at being parents, despite our love for our kids, and it causes me so much goddamn guilt and shame. I think about killing myself on a daily basis, not just fleeting or intrusive thoughts but really fucking contemplating it because I feel like it would make things less stressful for everyone involved. I have less than $20 to my name that has to last for the foreseeable future and I've no idea when I'll find a job. My husband is staying with his parents now, but they'll pay for a new place as long as he acts like he's getting clean and being productive for a fairly consistent while- they've paid our rent for years now because we never made enough money to be able to pay for it ourselves. My mom and I communicate strictly by fighting so living with the kids isn't an option. I don't have any options for a place to live when our current lease ends next month. I'm scared and alone and I don't have a clue what I'm going to do. 
 I'm just such a huge fucking piece of shit. What the fuck is wrong with me. I used to be a good person. Motivated, organized, in control, affectionate, empathetic, kind. Goddamn. 

I can't fucking type anymore. I'm too high and can't focus enough. This is too fucking long anyway. 


Just, please, if there's anybody here that read this or even part of it, if you have any good/positive/healing vibes to spare, I could really use them even though I'm nowhere near worthy.. I would greatly appreciate the kindness.