Sick Girl, Ruined Family, No Future2nd time posting here, this time i'm actually going to say stuff.  Here's some back story:  I am a 18 year old female. I have PKD (Polycystic Kidney Disease). Because of this I have stage 4 chronic kidney disease, there are 5 in total.  Being in stage 4, I have to have dialysis 3 times a week for 4 hours (not including travel.)  I was bullied a lot for having my central line (tubes sticking out under my collar bone used for dialysis) and because of my speech impediment (my r's sound like w's(Rhotacism.))  Due  to this, I fled into the internet during my childhood to meet new friends, because of this I have lied to many of them, eventually resulting in  them finding out about my lies and them ending the friendship.  I lie to hide the stuff that bullied me, to give me more self confidence, and to sound cool.  I never had a bf/gf, a date, or a kiss.  I feel worthless and a burden to everyone.  I do not have my drivers licenses (assumed i wouldn't live to need it) so since I was a child i had to have someone drive me to and from dialysis (with them waiting) for a total of 5 hours wasted.  My parents hate each other and are only still "married" due to me.  My siblings have picked up some bad vices which i blame myself for because of the attention i stole from them.  My mom quit her job because of my dependence of the dialysis transportation.  My mom blames my dad for him ruining her career and for lying about a promise of a beach cottage (because of me can't get one.)  Recently i have been trying not to be depressed by trying online dating, and playing league of legends.  It didn't work good.  When I was online dating, it just made me lie to more people to cover myself up, i feel bad for it, i have since quit it, but i have one dude added on league who gifted about $10 worth of goods.  It's not like I get announced "hey ill but you (BLANK)" it happened randomly and I get happy, because its exciting but then I feel terrible because I was happy for it and I don't deserve it.  I didn't plan this post ahead of time so sorry if my sentence structure isn't good.  Also I have trust issues, I DON'T KNOW WHY! I deleted my friend (who i met from here with my first post) 2 times because i became dependent on him, he wants me to open up to him, but I can't  I just feel better when I talk to people I don't know.  Recently I've been having a hard time sleeping and been crying alot when my parents yell at each other.  It's my fault for them being forced together and even for them hating each other now!  Another depressing thing is that if I have kids, there is a 25%ish chance they will have the same kidney problems (assuming I live and get a transplant, 1 year expected waiting left)  But I never even been on a date, so i doubt ill ever get married.  I'm so ugly and retarded with my impediment.  I suck at league too, the guy i met from here, I play with his friends all the time and i'm just a level 16 (level 30 is highest level, everything up to it is just learning how to play) and they say i am good, I used to believe them but i think that they just want to make me feel good.  I told him not to tell his friends about my kidney/depression, idk if he did but i hope he didn't.  I'm sorry this is so long. TLDR: I have no future, professionally and relationship wise, and I ruined my parents marriage/siblings future. Thank you for reading this, i Know it is long, sorry.