I am ready to dieLong story... I was sexually abused by an older adolescent when I was 5, it stopped when I was 7. I knew what had happened was wrong and tried to tell my mom what had occured, I guess she didn't understand. All of the signs were there though, bedwetting, irrational fears etc. She was so forceful when she abused me that I think it damaged me internally, I had a really intense burning sensation when I would urinate for awhile after the abuse. When I was 8 school district psychiatrists diagnosed me with generalized anxiety disorder.
 What happened completely destroyed my childhood and by middle school I was suicidal and subsequently hospitalized multiple times/heavily medicated. I was taken off of medication in high school and have been living in a fog ever since.  
Started smoking weed in high school and this made the fog worsen. Which I didn't mind at all. Im now 19, unemployed and earlier this summer I started having suicidal thoughts. I checked myself into the hospital. They  diagnosed me with PTSD and again i was medicated. They put me on an antipsychotic, which is also used as a fucking appetite stimulant. It can also cause you to lose interest in things you once enjoyed, which it did. I've decided medication isn't the answer and have started taking smaller doses, I plan to stop taking it altogether soon. I also stopped smoking a month ago. Knowing that I have to face my issues and stop avoiding them but I don't think I can. Suicide would solve my problems and I will no longer be a burden to those who have tried so hard to help me.
I came out and told my friends and family what had happened to me after I was hospitalized. They are all supportive but none of them can empathize with me, none of them truly know how fucked up I am and I don't think they ever will. I have caused my mother alot of pain.  My mom never should have had me to begin with, I was truly a mistake. My father has his own family in a nearby city and doesn't give a single fuck about me. I want to get better but at this point suicide seems like the answer. I've caused so much pain for those people that were only trying to help me.