i dont know anymoreim unhappy.
i need serious advice. i fear ill kill myself soon.
a year ago, i moved from a heavily populated city to the middle of nowhere. that alone was hard.. a completely different location with no friends is expected to be right? This is when my depression first got bad.
the new area's primarily mormon(nothing wrong with this), but as i am not religious, i recieved some negative stigma and backlash for it.
ive felt very lonely this past year. it seemed like nobody liked me. then, 3 months ago, things started to look like they were turning up. id met a few friends, and one night i decided to sneak out with them. unfortunately, the friend that was supposed to drive me home ended up raping me.
i didn't say anything for 2weeks, but as word got out, almost everybody took his side at school. he had lived here longer, went to church, and everyone just seemed to like him.
i now have no friends and even some teachers have begun to treat me differently.
i was a straight A student, but since the event I've had all Fs. I fear i won't have a future if i can't pick myself up. The term ends in 2 weeks, i talked to the school. They won't give me a pass and told me it's not likely i can get them up.
I'm pressing charges and the thought of court in February terrifies me. Not to mention, i still have class with my rapist. He's everywhere. I can't go to school without having at least one mental breakdown. I also havent been able to sleep. Not because of your typical insomnia, but i hate sleeping. Id rather not deal with the nightmares. I struggle with terrible self harm, but not cutting. I go to therapy regularly, and my counselor suspects me of schizophrenia. I have terrible hallucinations when I'm awake, i can't focus at all.. Shes set me up to see a psychiatrist for sleeping medications in January. My bond with my parents isnt the closest right now and i just broke up with my boyfriend yesterday.
Life just doesn't seem worth living anymore. 
I don't know what to do. If i fail, my parents will probably take my phone (which, quite frankly, is my only support at the moment.) All i want to do is move back but that's not an option, and every day is another day of pain. Im tired of living. Tired of being tired. Tired of never feeling happy. Tired of waiting. Tired of trying. 
Thank you for listening.
Sorry.