This guilt is going to kill me. Possible TWI am riddled with guilt. Currently in a psych ward after a failed suicide attempt. As soon as I get out I am going to commit suicide, and I won’t fail this time. I guess this is my last attempt at seeking help/reassurance.
Background: I am 23F, suffer with Anorexia, OCD(Pure O), depression and BPD. 
Last year I was in a relationship with my then ex, for about 2 years. It was a pretty toxic/codependent relationship, mostly on my part due to my BPD abandonment issues, insecurity and paranoia.

I have always been very impulsive and reckless in the area of sex(as well as many other areas) never cared about using protection, always let men cum inside me etc without any form of contraception or without knowing their or my STI status. I guess I used(and still do) it as a coping mechanism or form of self harm in a way. 

My ex was always very responsible in this area and preferred to use condoms. However we did end up having a lot of unprotected sex throughout the relationship as I had told them that I wasn’t worried about contraception etc as I’d only ever had unprotected sex in the past and nothing bad had happened. I had convinced myself that I couldn’t get pregnant because of my long history with anorexia and had either no period or very irregular periods for many years. I had also never had an STI but hadn’t been checked in a while. I know this was very irresponsible of me and I feel extremely guilty over it as I could have put my ex’s health at risk. My ex persuaded me to get tested a few months into the relationship and thankfully I was all clear.

However, nearly a year into the relationship I fell pregnant. Again, I feel so terrible because I feel it was my fault that we had unprotected sex, as I was the reckless one and my ex was always very cautious about using protection. I feel like I (unintentionally) misled them that everything would be ok, because I was/am stupid and impulsive and reckless.

Anyway after about a month since finding out I was pregnant I decided to have an abortion. I was having a lot of mixed feelings at the time and went through a period of regret but I put this down to the hormones, because I knew deep down I didn’t want a kid(I have never wanted kids) and realized it was the right decision. 

I was prescribed birth control, which I had always been fearful to take because of my intense fear of weight gain due to my anorexia(I had read that can cause weight gain) and also because I have health OCD and was terrified it would cause me to get a blood clot and have a stroke(I read that BC can increase this risk). However I did start taking it. 

Our relationship kind of started going down hill around this time, I had started a new job as an exotic dancer, which I loved and was beginning to lose interest in the relationship, but I was very much in denial about it at the time. 
I hardly ever wanted to have sex anymore with my then partner which was obvs very upsetting and hurtful to them. And I feel  kind of bad and anxious to say this but I feel like every time we had sex wasn’t entirely consensual, as I was very disinterested but I feel like my partner kept pestering me for it even though I obviously didn’t want to. 

But this is one of the things that has me riddled with guilt and suicidal, after a while I was only sporadically taking my birth control, as well as the fears I described previously, I guess I just didn’t really care about taking it? I didn’t even want to be having sex with my partner, but I didn’t tell them I wasn’t taking it properly. And I guess I was still being my reckless impulsive self, not caring what happened to me etc. My memory is very hazey from around this time, I was going through a lot, had had another suicide attempt around this time and had spent some time in the psych ward. I am now wracking my brain trying to remember exactly what happened and it’s driving me crazy. I can’t remember exactly how often I wasn’t taking the pill. but there was a couple of times that I just went out and bought the morning after pill when I thought there was an increased risk of getting pregnant. For example one night my partner came inside me, I didn’t take my prescribed pill in the morning(just told my partner I forgot) but did go out and buy the morning after pill. I don’t know why I have less anxiety about taking that than the regular pill but anyway. 

So here I am a year later in the psych ward again and here’s why: A few days ago I came across a post on Instagram about “Rape by deceit” which said sex cannot be consensual if you do something such as lying about your STI status or lying that you’re on birth control when you’re not. Well, my world came crashing down around me. I am now convinced that this is what I have done and I cannot live with myself because of it. I feel like a disgusting monster, I don’t see any way out except to kill my self, I have convinced the hospital to discharge me tomorrow so I can do it. I have everything planned