An online acquaintance of mine has threatened to commit suicide - is there anything I can/should do?First I'd like to say that I love the community you have here, and am very proud that there are redditors willing to chat with and help folks even if they've never met them before.

For the past year and a half or so, I've been involved with a guild for the online roleplaying game Star Wars: The Old Republic. Most of the officers are a tight-knit group of people who knew each other from previous games. One in particular, I found out fairly early on, is a biological male who identifies as female, and has been planning to transition once they finish college.

In the past I've butted heads with this individual; she has often acted very snippy and angry towards members of the guild for minimal provocation. I always tried to give her the benefit of the doubt, however, since being a straight male who identifies as male, I can't imagine how emotionally tumultuous it could be to go through something like this. Still, I never noticed anything too serious.

Time went on, interest in the game waned, and most of the other original founders aside from this one individual quit, or disappeared for months without a word. Again, I didn't think much of it, until this one person started saying things along the lines of "I may be dropping off the grid soon. Don't try to contact me if that happens."

The other night, my girlfriend who also plays with us got in touch with her, and was told rather casually that they plan on killing themselves by the end of the month. This seems to have been an ongoing plan for a while, and they seem pretty determined. She talked to my girlfriend for several hours, about failed relationships, about feeling severe anger at the friends who left the game/disappeared without saying anything (things along the lines of "they abandoned me, I want them to hurt them and make them miss me.") She indicated that she sees a doctor but that it apparently doesn't help, and they aren't interested in a hotline or anything of the sort.

I'm not sure how authentic this is or what the protocol is. I don't for sure know her real name or where they live. I'm not sure what I could possibly say to them that hasn't already been said. I've dealt with anxiety issues myself in the past, but suicide talk is a bit out of my comfort zone. I don't want to inadvertently make things worse, but if I don't do anything and they kill themselves, am I partially responsible?

So I ask, compassionate redditors, what would you do in this situation? Try to be their friend, even if they push you away? Call the police on them? Give them space?