Coyote in a bear trapIn September I attempted to jump a 270 foot bridge after driving six hours to reach a bridge high enough to kill me upon impact over water(I wanted to die of internal injuries/less of a clean up). My partner at the time cheated on me while I was in the hospital recovering, and then lied to me even though he was publicly chatting with the person in question and had them plastered on all their social media. 
 I hate my state. I hate the room I'm in. I have no room at all. They put me on lithium and klonopin and the only thing it did was curb my impulse to commit suicide, sleep 16 hours a day, and turn my piss orange despite all the water I was drinking.

 I finally started taking testosterone after waiting almost five years, instead having to watch my greedy motherfucker of a father die of stage 4 cancer, lest I hurt the dead's feelings. After a few weeks on testosterone, I had a scare in which they gave me the wrong needles(retracting ones) and I went to the ER with the thought I had a needle lodged into my leg. 
 On top of out of state medical bills, I also have instate ones, and now ones coming in for a needle that was never fucking there. My insurance spiked its rates another $100 as a big fuck you happy new year to me. Luckily, since I left my job after telling my boss I was suicidal and losing 40+ hours of paid time off, I am now on medicaid(whatever it is for young people). My therapist and my psychologist don't take it though, so I've stopped taking my medications. Mostly because all I fucking do is sleep. 
 It smells like absolute shit every time I leave my house and have to travel from point A to B in this god forsaken area, the jobs are pathetic with pathetic pay and wouldn't give me any meaning to life except another step closer to a heart attack. 

 I feel enormously excluded from my friends ever since my transition started to show more. I'm not invited out anymore, nobody talks to me, and everyone says to just reach out but when I do I focus on them and say I'm all good. 
 I would drug myself heavier and drive back out but my piece of shit car couldn't make it-having been in and out of the shop more than four times in less than two months once I was out of the hospital and doing ubereats for shit pay. 
 I'm filled with hate and despite all the shit I've "overcome" from childhood neglect and abuse, to watching my father die and not feeling shit or dropping a single tear while I watched or at his wake, stalking ex's, finally starting my transition-I just no longer feel like it's worth it anymore.
 I'm taking up oxygen and only making the weight of the world worse. Nobody wants me around, except for the money I inherited. 
 I want to end it but I can't work up the guts to do it. I wish there was a simpler method. If I went for it again, I financially, and emotionally could not risk failure. I want to become nothing and cease to exist. I'm tired of this plane. I'm tired of getting punched in the fucking face every time I try to open a door. I'm tired of being the outsider, the white elephant in the room, just because I'm trying to be happy. 
 All it's doing is making everyone around me feel terrible and walk away despite my attempts to just be happy and encourage them because I'm fucking sick of being alone. I'm alone now and I've always been alone. I don't foresee it changing. 
 I just need to get it off my chest because no one else will listen-or rather- I won't let them listen. I don't want to worry them but at the same time I'm trying to scream out for someone to come and help me. I've sacrificed so much for others and I've gotten shit in return. 

 So, as a coyote stuck in a bear trap, do I wait for the hunter to come and kill me(get attacked in some new buttfuck way by someone I decide to trust because I'm so lonely) or do I chew my leg off and bleed to death on my own terms?
 I have no purpose. I see no purpose. Except for going to school just to probably fail like my father said I would, or end up in debt up to where the noose is. I hate this world. There's wonderful people in it, I believe a lot of people are inherently good but I'm just a cancer clinging onto it.