I think I'm ready.It's terrifying. Knowing I don't have another option. Just knowing THIS IS THE OPTION even though I don't know how I'm going to do it, I just KNOW I have to do it. I know I do. I fucking love you, Zachary, I really do. I don't know if you'll see this. I know I put way too much on your shoulders. I hate myself for doing this. So much. I'm so selfish. I'm so horrible. Everything hurts.

Just everything... Everything comes down to this. Every road leads to this. Even if I went to get help, would any of you still be there? No. No you wouldn't be. Nobody would. I would be all cleaned up in the head and I'd be another blank face that nobody would pay mind to.

Loneliness is fucking killing my head, my body. It hurts. It HURTS. Why the fuck do you live in another country? Why does everyone I love live too far away? I would literally give ANYTHING TO SEE YOU. I could see you in June, I know I could but you walked away. You walked away because I told you you make me happy but it wasn't enough, you wanted to fix me and I told you I can't be fixed. I am sorry it's a cycle.

I'm sorry to everyone. Every one who walked away from me because I was so insane. I know I'm the fucking crazy one. Those ones people talk about, saying, "Oh what a bitch she is!" "Don't stick your dick in crazy!" Fuck me, right, I can't even get off from masturbation. Nothing works. Nothing. Nobody fucking even touches me. the closest I get to being happy is work and that doesnt' even count because it's fake. It's all fake.T he smiles, pretending to have alife, all of it. It's all fake. And that's how it'll be if I "cure" myself with pills. I'll be that "saved statistic" and then what? Everyone stops looking? Cameras off, lights off, everyone turns their back and I sitll don't have anyone but alien thoughts in my head, saying I am happy, all the chemicals aligned, but too foggy to remember why I was so upset. Either way, I am alone.

I am honest to God fucking terrified and alone. I am. I know I am. I don't have another option. I really don't. I don't... I can't keep doing this... I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't.