Need Help Urgently [long read]Everything i write here is of complete honesty, i will not hold anything back.

i can not find any purpose to live in the working world.

I just turned 20 years old ago a few months ago and i need some insight or suggestions on how to live that is desired and not the destined, cookie cutter life.

My philosophy on life is to live life to its fullest and work too the minimal degree, preferably not at all if you can afford it, the way that the working/labor force is set up does not fit to human nature in many ways, whether it be spiritually, mentally or physically, i will also say i am by now means lazy, i just like many others my age and even older believe that the way the current workforce as well as education system is set up has to much stacked against the modern day human being, and is idealistic to the past not the present.

The issue is in today's world working 2-3 jobs is becoming the norm just for people trying to scrape by and afford basic necessities and shelter. For example there is 168 hours in a week, lets say a person works 60 hours MINIMUM a week, so their we have 108 hours left, with the MINIMUM amount of sleep needed (lets say 6 hours for 5 days) a person would have 30hours dedicated to just that, leaving 78 hours left, combine 5 days worth of communicating as well as getting ready/washing up before and after work that leaves a person 60.5 hours to do their own thing in a week, and that does not account for chores in daily life/gym time etc. as well as being actually to tied to enjoy this time off.

The next problem with working this amount of time is even after all the effort put in, the majority of people still fall behind on bills and necessities creating a rut where they essentially get trapped in the work they are doing, never really getting ahead.

Now i am not going to get to far into the issues with this system that is set up, but i am sure that most people today already know what i am talking about.

people are not praised for the most of their early lives in school are not praised for creative and artistic abilities, rather how quick and efficiently standardized tests can be complete, while people with individualists ideas are often overlooked, left behind or shot down, it often makes me wonder just how many people considered "smart" are not so smart but just very good at memorization and test taking, intelligence, like people in general come in all forms.

so that brings it back to me personally.

i guess you could think of me as one of those "aimless" people that went into adulthood, i am 20, dropped out of college like so many others because they seen no real future in their program and ended up with an unrealistic debt and a shitty call center job full of other lost souls to try and make it in the world.

i have been stuck in a cycle of being stuck anywhere between 800$-200$ in my overdraft for probably the last year or so, its not like i waste my money either, this is literally from paying off bills/car insurance and absolute necessities, and this is with working 42.5 hours MINIMUM usually more.

I still live with my parents out of absolute need, i hate it everyday and feel like a fucking leach, but i have no other option and can not seem to get ahead.

Even at my current job, i can not motivate myself to work to my fullest potential, your job performance is measured in satisfaction stats for uncaring and ungrateful customers and regardless of how much effort you put in, you can still get poor surveys and the blame falls on you, it is just not worth it to put all of yourself into such a fickle environment in my opinion. In all honesty as soon as i quit/get fired from my current job i do not see my self getting a real "job" for a long time if ever again.

people often try to tell me that getting into a trade is the only real opportunity i have with my life, i always reply that i would be miserable and that no amount of money is worth trading your happiness away.

what i really aspire to do at this part of my life, is to travel around freely with no obligations, going from place to place, seeing all the different sights and meeting all the different people, living life to its fullest and not having regrets in the future about wasting my entire life away working, having a steady income coming in from non-working ventures, such as investments or on the road opportunities, no handouts or government assistantince, i do not go for such entitlement.

I have been educating myself in binary options for quite some time but have not invested into yet, i want to be as ready as i can be before i do that but i have thought about that for a potential-sole income in the future.

It is getting to the point where i see really no purpose in living and going on in life if this is "the real world", i have completed suicide many, many times before and with each passing week i am getting that much closer, i have even set a date in January if things do not start going my way, i have no fear of death.

I really don't care what is said about me and the judgement that is passed by people here, if you can truly feel happy and enjoy life working the majority of you're free time away, usually making someone else who has barley/never worked richer, than all the power too you, its not for me, it is not healthy and i don't believe it is even compatible it today's world of free thinkers and opportunists.

so my question is to you fine people of reddit, what recommendations would you give to live the type of life i have described above with very little to no money at the moment?

Hypothetically if i were to just get in my car and decide to drive to a different part of Canada one day what would be the best way to sustain? If it did come down to this i would likely stop paying off my student loan and maybe even my car insurance for an amount of time to try to save as much as cash as possible.

So redditer's that have been in or are in this situation please give me some advice or tips that do not fall along the lines of staying in my current situation, because the current situation is only going to lead to eventual death very soon and any directions made to "work through it" or "live in the real word" will only add coal to the fire.

It has never been about the money to me, only the experience

"If I Can't Be My Own... I'd Feel Better Dead" - Layne Staley
