How and Why am I still alive?Hello guys new reddit member here I've always loved Reddit! Anyhow I'm not suicidal just going through a stressful period in my life. I'm 23 and I've just moved out on my own and got a 9-5 my first 9-5 ever I used to be a part-timer. Anyhow ive always hated my mom and my father decides to send her over to "help" me furnish my studio apartment. Shes the source of all my stress at the moment.

I'm just curious as to how I'm still alive i mean I have a pretty dark past. Used to be a heavy drug user. I've done it all except Crystal Meth. My drug of choice was Heroin i only used it for about 1 1/2 years now I'm on Suboxone (Jan. 2016-today)and my doctor wants to wean me off it. Thinks I'm ready since I never really relapsed or show any signs of doing so to any of my doctors. 

Reason I'm curious is because I've literally overdosed so many times I can't count. I remember 3 particular ones. 1 time some preachers or church people found me near the ghetto I used to cop in lying on the sidewalk and called my parents and told them if it wasn't for the rain I'd probably be dead.

2nd time I remember my father found me thrown on the floor he never knew why, until now, as I was really good at hiding my stuff.

3rd time was Christmas Day my mother's birthday i mixed with alcohol but this time it was beautiful dope it was the best batch i ever had in my life. My parents called 911 and right as they were about to inject me with Naltrexone or Naloxone or whatever it is i woke up because they oxygenated me my oxygen level was 23% if I remember correctly.

I also overdosed on cocaine once went to the hospital because I felt an insane amount of chest pain and wasnt really suicidal.

I've overdosed many many times more a lot of which i can't remember but i would wake up covered in puke many times or looking really pale and sickly. Alcohol and Heroin have been the 2 drugs ive overdosed on the most individually and mixed.

How am I still alive?
Sometimes I wish i were dead but then I get over it and these are the thoughts that come into my head.
These have all been accidental.
Good day, good sirs and women.