Idk how much longer I can keep goingI've struggled with depression for years,and   I've been able to manage and stay functional but these last 5 months have been hell on earth. I honestly think ending it all is better than putting up with everything.

After two years, the man I loved broke up with me. The main issue was my mom and her controlling nature over me and my life and how I let my depression and anxiety ruin things for me. I was devastated, but I knew I could get through it. Then a few days later, my mom said I was dead to her an stopped speaking to me - because of my boyfriend.  She's hated him since the day they met, and she felt like he was bad for me. I accepted what happened between she and I, and while it's a sad situation, I've tried to be positive about it. My mom and I are toxic for each other at times, and maybe not speaking is the best thing. 

Things would be ok, but on top of the depression, I've been struggling with money. I'm doing everything I can to NOT live paycheck to paycheck, but I'm always one step away from a disaster. Water heater busted, roof leaked. All kinds of shit that I can't afford to deal with - but I did. So after paying bills on top of all that, I haven't been able to buy my medicine for months. Which sucks and stress at work doesn't help. I haven't even been able to afford to renew my driver's lisence that expired, but I can't stop driving to work bc I need a paycheck.

I finally thought I was getting a hold on things and catching up with everything. I got some money set aside to get my liscence on Monday. Then my car scrapes someone else in the other lane (I was in the yield). I pull over ASAP and my car is fine, but the other car drove off. Here I am with all of my shit expired, getting into a hit and run. 

I'm terrified to go anywhere in my car now. I've just been sitting in the house and I'm paranoid that the police are going to come get me and arrest me. I want to die. I've been sitting here realizing that eventually, I will kill myself one day anyway. Why not sooner? I'm broke, I hate my job, I have no family. I feel so fucking alone and miserable and i dont see the point in fighting these thoughts any longer because i honestly dont think i have the energy to hold on anymore.