Is it possible to be cursed?! Feel like life is rejecting meFor most of my life I've felt like I'm not supposed to be here or something. I'm trying to do all the right things but it always goes wrong. 
I think im the problem but I never set out to be.

I'm so exhausted with life. Lost the will to live years ago and now I'm stuck on this planet and I've changed into someone full of rage. I can't go out in busy times as I despise other people so much, and want to hurt them (but id never really do it)

I had a bad therapist who said I'm so hateful and negative that I deserve the universe giving it back to me. I'm thinking she's right. I can't help hating a lot of people though. 

Honestly wondering if I'm cursed and being pushed to end it. 



Born into an emotionally and neglectful family. 
Recently found out through medical records that I have mild cerebral palsy which my parents refused to co operate with doctors about so I was never helped. Also signs of neglect as a baby. Doctor said parents ignored any help. 

My legs are deformed (not just due to CP) and causing me problems with pain for 4 years and walking for about 1 year now 

I have a younger sibling who carried out horrendous bullying and physical violence. I was locked in the garage, and my father also threw stuff at me, pushed and kicked me, and punched walls over my head. 

There was also covert sexual abuse, and I suspect  now that something may have happened to me at a very young age 

I'm estranged from family now but they are stalking me and have threatened me. Police messed up the case, believed my father's lies and released him from arrest, and then lost a report preventing me bring granted a restraining order.....so I now have to pay a lot of money for an injunction which I just don't have. 

Police were mostly rude, disbelieving and unpleasant, apart from a couple of officers at the beginning. 

I was badly bullied at school, to the point where I had to drop out of secondary school/sixth form. I developed panic disorder and self harm during school and that's when I became obsessed and toyed with suicide. 

I never got a chance to look for a go for a career I want, and now I never will. 

My first proper job after dropping out of school started well but I was badly bullied out of it after a few years. Lot of assholes in that place and j wasn't the only one, but I had it very bad. 
They prank called and sent horrible texts even after I left. Manager believed the bullies even though she saw their behaviour. 

Had a nasty very narcissistic ex boyfriend that got me lynched when I broke it off. I was stalked by his brother and lost all my friends, it was hellish. My weight spiralled out of control as I could only stomach chocolate and I've never lost the weight which is horrible. 

I was used by a couple of other guys and I knew it but went along with it anyway and got humiliated. 

Bullied and ostracised by a large social group i joined after that. Did nothing wrong they just didn't like my personality and said I was boring, and used me for the butt of jokes. 

Rented a room with what I found out soon after was a very horrible woman and her cowardly husband who made life hell, damaged my things etc, and i had to leave early breaking the contract as I couldn't take any more. 

Managed to buy my own flat after that and it was good but we had s downstairs neighbour that was horrible. Again she picks on everyone at some point and some neighbours had it worse. 

Just moved (partly due to the downstairs neighbour, partly cos of family stalking me) and now I'm suffering with a new neighbour from hell who blew up in my face because of a parking issue (her bad parking). She keyed my car a few days ago. 
I dread going home and don't feel safe. She got her family and friends to yell insults at me and claims I'm bullying her. 

I feel management company think I'm a trouble maker and I shouldn't have started it. One emailed me today and said they've never had any trouble in the block before I arrived. 

Other little things include:
An ex mutual friend is toxic and I cut her off, and she's generally being a dick. Some other friends just stick by her though and say she's nice to them mostly. 

General rude customers talking to me like shit other nothing or stupid things I can't control. 

The unethical therapist mentioned above, she broke every rule in the book with me and couple of clients, is deep down a horrible human being, and lost some of her associations with therapeutical companies. But she was defended by others and is now promoted to a university lecturer in a type of therapy. She says it's because she is a good person and deserves it.... 

I don't blame her. People like her always win. They are last to be suspected or to face justice (if at all). 

 
