My life is just piled with problems.. I want to be dead..My life is worthless and depressive. Problems all piled on me. I just can't concentrate on anything anymore. I am a young highschool student and the fact that all problems and depression pile on me on this age is just more depressive. I wake up everyday feeling like shit and staying alone by myself. Teachers don't know what's wrong and and tries to make me live normally but none understands

So here is it all. At first it was just a regular day from my happy life. I am a good student straight A's and one of the best in class. Social and a friend of all. Then one day, I was doing some project of me. Suddenly I stopped. Sat in silence and started thinking about depression stuff like how worthless my life is and how am I going to do this project and how it's hard. I also started thinking that I and my worthless and my parents just waste money on me and feel pettiness for them. I managed to overcome those thoughts by talking to my parents and them convincing me it's all right. It worked well. 

=Turning point incoming!


Then another day came last month . The worst one in my whole life and the one where I think I will try to destroy the much. It was a regular day after a break of one week. It was the first day and was so depressing for me. Then once in a class, some bully took my stuff and I tried to get it. Then someone came and held me and he hit me and gave me a scar. It is 1 mm above my eyebrow with an ugly shape. Since then I became so depressed. I been thinking that this scar will follow me all my life and haunt me. I feel like depression will be my close friend and that it didn't stop in my thoughts but also my skin. After a month of being humiliated and that bully bragging about it. I punched him. Even though I gave him no scar but swollen his eye. That moment I was happy. But after 2 days depression haunted me again and had the same thoughts again. Please help me anyone. I want to overcome the scar and the thoughts of it. I feel hopeless and my life will never be the same and I will look ugly. I feel like it will be a reminder for the school moments that I always tried to forget. Whenever I try to take a photo I feel like this scar will be there in front  of my head  haunting me.