It’s too muchI’m maybe an hour away from taking all of the antidepressants I have in hopes that it might kill me. It’s not the first time I’ve felt like this. In October, I took myself into the emergency room because it was either that or jump off the top deck of Ohio Stadium. 

It’s been a long road. I grew up in an emotionally abusive home, I survived an eating disorder, an abusive relationship, rape, bullying, death threats, and a few other suicide attempts. I’ve been in therapy consistently for 6 years, I’ve spent 2 weeks in inpatient, I graduated from an intensive outpatient program in December, and I’be been on meds since I was 18. I’m not getting any better and I’m starting to lose hope. 

I just don’t know if I can keep pretending I have hope. No matter how many good people may be out there, there will always be those ones who take and take and take from you and suck up every last drop of joy you could have felt. I don’t care if you think that “no one can make you feel bad unless you let them.” It’s exhausting. I’ve spent my entire life so far drowning in hate from other people and as much as I try to make it seem like it doesn’t get to me, it hurts so deeply. No matter how many good things happen, it will never take away from the pain of people taking and taking and taking. It will never stop. I don’t see the point in fighting anymore. If I kill myself now, I’ll get to end this pain on my terms. I won’t have to pretend anymore that I’m strong or that it doesn’t bother me or that I’m hopeful that there are still good people in the world. It doesn’t matter if there are good people in the world. Every good person in the world wouldn’t be enough to get rid of the pain I feel from the people who’ve hurt me. 

It’s too much. I just don’t want it anymore. I think of how peaceful it would be if I just let it all go and I’m filled with so much relief. 

I’m sad for the people and things I’ll have to leave behind, but even those aren’t enough to save me. I’m not the best girlfriend and my boyfriend will move on just fine, it’ll roll off his back. My friends will miss me and maybe they’ll even cry, but they’ll move on too. My family will hurt, but my mom will make it about herself anyway and soon my life won’t have even mattered. Every group I’ve been a part of will suddenly think I matter to them when they haven’t cared about me for as long as they’ve known me. But after I’m gone, they’ll just manipulate the fact that I’m gone to make themselves seem more appealing and to capitalize on sympathy. It won’t be about me, it’ll be about them. 

I wonder how long it’ll take for them to find me gone. If I overdose in my bed right now, I bet it’d take at least a day or two before anyone even noticed I’m not here. My boyfriend would probably call before bed tomorrow, but when I don’t pick up, he’d probably just text me and go to bed. One of my roommates couldn’t care less about me and the other is out of town til Monday, but even then we don’t run into each other around the house much. I guess by Monday night when I don’t show up for my sorority’s chapter meeting, people would wonder what’s going on. I’d miss calls until my phone died or my voicemail filled up. Maybe then my roommates would check in on me, but mostly they’d just be annoyed about how inconvenient it is for me to be dead in their apartment. 

I’m just ready for this pain to be over. It’s too much. I can’t start fresh, I can’t get over it, I can’t move on, I can’t heal. It’s done. At this point staying alive is just torturing myself. 

I don’t want to die but I can’t keep on living like this. Please someone help me 