I've never been good enoughI'm 22 years old, male. When I was 16, I battled through depression by myself for about a year, never telling anyone until today. It was a sort of identity crisis where I felt worthless as a person and I just felt like a waste of a life. I seemed to crawl over that hurdle and found myself having less of those thoughts less often until this last year.

I was unhappy before, then it got to a point where I was crying every day. I started looking forward to it because it would help me feel better, but for the last month it's gotten to a point where I can't even cry anymore no matter how hard I want to.

My entire life I've been laughed at and ignored. In high school, I had zero friends. On two occasions I grew close to people I knew, but within a few months, they both started distancing themselves from me. I moved on to university wanting a second chance, where I went through 3 years only growing close to those who were situationally close to me (In my first year my dorm neighbors, in my second my house mates). I really felt like a had a genuine connection with all those people, but now after having been out of university for a year, I haven't had contact with a single one of them. I'm in a graduate school now (another chance) and after being here for a year, the same thing is happening. Those I grew close to are distancing themselves from me.

I've tried my best so many times. I just feel exhausted and drained now - I have nothing left in me. Today one of those friends brought me to dinner with his group of buddies. I was trying so hard to talk with them, but at one point it all just clicked that people were barely responding to me when I talked, no one was laughing at my attempts at jokes, and I just gave up. This happens every time I try and communicate with people, but this was just the last straw. I ended up sitting there, silent, for over an hour. I just can't do this anymore, I'm done. I've tried for years and years to make myself an interesting person, someone that people will like, someone who can talk to people and actually form lasting relationships with them, but I can't do it. I don't know if it's what I'm saying that's weird, the way I say things, or if it's my personality - I can't figure it out. But it drives people away from me and makes people that I get to know start to resent me or treat me like crap.. I've had it, I just don't have the energy to keep trying.

I know that what people think of me isn't important, you form your own opinions about yourself, etc etc... but my entire life I've been unable to communicate with people, while I see other better looking and better versed people talk to everyone I wish I could talk to.

I've always tried to become the person I wanted to be (I like less well-known music, I don't like sports, and I don't really associate with the 'bros') and this results in people spreading rumours about me, calling me gay, etc. I feel like when I talk to people, they're just turned off by me right away (and I'm hygienic, dress nicely, and not ugly), so I don't know what I'm doing wrong. But after 22 years, I just can't do this anymore - I can't keep trying and keep being shot down and rejected as a person.

Thank you to whoever reads this for taking the time to hear me out. I don't think I'm suicidal, but lately I've been thinking about ways to just get away from it all and I have found my thoughts drifting to death a few times, which scares me and brought me to post here because I don't want to end my life over something like this, something that I know seems so trivial but yet is so distressing to me

edit: I'm sorry if this seems like a trivial issue, especially compared to what some others are going through. I was just hoping I could hear someone's thoughts and find some direction in my life. Thank you