Quarantine has really changed me for the worse.Today I finally realized that not a lot is keeping me here on this plane of existence. I’m just a freshman in highschool but I just can’t bear it anymore. In eighth grade I had straight A’s and was kind and loving towards everyone, even my family. But this quarantine has really shaken up my life. Since seventh grade I knew that I was pansexual, so during quarantine I final decided to let my mother (my parents are divorced and I live with my mom) know what my sexuality is. She's ignoring that fact and now wont even let me talk about it anymore. But once again I realize just about a week ago I’m not okay. That fateful night I had stressed over the fact that I had  to go to a tournament that next morning for my class of Speech and Debate. It was psychological torture for me. My anxiety got so bad that I cut myself for the first time with an old kitchen knife. Weeks prior to that around when the school year had just begun I would pour melted candle wax from these mini candles that I got on my left arm and sometimes I still do that. Now back to the morning of the cut I felt relieved for a minute, that the world had stopped turning, but it only lasted a minute. Later in that day I would bite the lower more meater part of my thumb and I would bite so hard that It would leave an imprint of my teeth for hours. My grades are almost all F's and my mom is disappointed in me. Yesterday I finally had the courage to tell her that I’m not okay and I need to at least see a counselor. But her response is that we should just go to a gym. Tonight I told her that I want to drop out of Speech and Debate next trimester (which is in a few days) and she told me to get all A’s  then we can talk. But I don’t know if I can last that long. I never want to see my friends anymore. I don’t even want to play online games with them. I’m aggressive towards all my immediate family except my father since I never see him. Although he lives in an entirely different state he can see through my mask of all smiles. He told my second oldest sister that I seemed depressed. But I don’t want to seem like a disappointment to him since he's the one person I actually can say that I love with my whole heart. So shut down the whole conversation. It feels like there's nothing I can do. I feel so helpless and a failure compared to my older sisters. My eldest got valedictorian and my second eldest sister got straight A’s and played in sports her whole life. But I loved playing video games and drawing. But that's not good enough. So now all I do is lay on my bed at my grandmother's house and dream of what comes after death.