(26, F, expat) Feeling worthless and aloneMy mum has just been diagnosed with schizophrenia, my uncles are drunks, I have no dad and my grandmother has Alzheimer's. I was caring for her from the age of 15 - 19 after my grandfather died, with no support. My uncles would accuse me of lying and stealing, when they were the ones actually stealing from my grandma, and insult me openly. My mum didn't help.

I'm now 26 (F), living alone in Tokyo. I have almost no friends or support network here since my close friends here moved back home and my boyfriend of one year, who was the closest thing to me in the whole world at this moment, just walked out on me a few days ago, a few weeks following me finding out my mum was admitted to the mental hospital. We had plans to move to Australia together and even had the visas, but he decided to abandon our plans because he "doesn't know what he wants". Apparently, he'd been forcing his feelings for most of the last year, and has now realised that he can't survive in a relationship as he's a commitment phobe. He's moving back to the States to pursue a career in stand-up comedy. Meanwhile, I found out yesterday that the guy I spent almost 5 years with before I came to Japan is moving in with his new girlfriend after only 6 months together.

I hate my job, dealing with bratty kids who spend the whole day disrespecting me. All my friends back home are spoilt rich kids zonked out on drugs and shitty music. I can't go home (UK) because my stay options would be a house with two alcoholic uncles who give me shit, or a schizophrenic mum who believes one of her 'voices' has raped not only her, but me and my grandma too. I can't imagine staying in Japan much longer because of this crazy loneliness I'm feeling, and I've just been starting to feel that almost every single person I have ever known is either crazy, selfish or takes some sick pleasure in fucking me around or walking all over me. I've been continually treated like shit by at least one person in my life at any one time, sometimes several at once. I'm really starting to question what is the fucking point anymore. I am so rarely happy, because someone somewhere is always treating me like shit. Nobody actually cares enough to give me the respect or love I deserve, nobody reciprocates the nice stuff I do for them. So I now think I must not deserve good things. I've tried to move away from shitty people and find new, nicer people, but even they end up fucking me over. I think I must have 'USE ME' written all over me in some kind of ink that everyone except me can see.

The breakup, schizophrenia diagnosis and ex moving in with his new gf have all happened at once, in the last few days. I deal with the friendlessness, knowledge of a broken family and shitty job every day. I have one friend but she's quite cold and jaded, so can't really help. 
I'm sick of being sad. I hope I go to sleep now and never fucking wake up again. I've had enough.

**UPDATE: May 13th 18:49**
I'm trying to reorganise my apartment so that it doesn't remind me of my now ex-boyfriend. I'm hoping that the change in environment will help me feel less hopeless, kind of like a fresh start? It's breaking my heart seeing all the stuff he gave me, and I feel stuck and trapped in Tokyo now. Because everything here reminds me of him, I feel like everything is a reminder of what I've lost. I want to try and spend the next 12-18 months single and working on building myself back up. I think I derive too much of my sense of worth from other people's interactions with me, and I tend to rely on others - and usually only one or two people. So when one of those people leaves my life for whatever reason I find myself totally lost. I've really hit a low point right now. I still feel like there's no point in living anymore if I'm going to keep feeling like this, but I'm trying to find a reason to stick around, as well as trying to find the strength to stop feeling like this.