LonelyI don't feel remotely satisfied with my life anymore... I'm more lonely than I've ever been really. And it's not like I don't have friends, I do.. I mean, a few. I just managed to lose the 1 person I cared about more than anything. My ex girlfriend, the first person I've ever really clicked with... I've only ever been in one relationship, and that was with her. It didn't even last that long, we were friends for maybe 4 months then dated for 2. I guess she realized she had made a mistake and dumped me. It was all going great, but her ex was still in the picture and she decided she wanted him back. I was the rebound basically. I was crying for 2 weeks straight afterwards and made pretty much every mistake in the book , begging for her back etc. Now we're 3 months down the line, she's moved on with her life and doesn't give a shit about me anymore. Here I am, alone and unhappy, missing her every day. 

All I want to do is message her, and sometimes I give in and do just that. But there's no point. She won't tell me things like she used to, she sometimes can take ages to reply or just wont at all.. Whatever we had is clearly gone and that's the hardest part to deal with. So I sorta gave up with trying to talk to her, but unfortunately I'm just feeling even more shitty now and even more alone. The urge to message her is getting stronger by the day, it's only been a week!

It's the little things I miss the most... Like texting each other to say good morning. First thing I'd do is check my phone and spring up when I saw a message from her! But, all the time we spent together... I miss going to see movies with her, or when we used to binge watch TV shows together... We watched practically the whole of Game of Thrones season 4 to 6 together! It all felt so perfect, christ just having someone who actually seemed to care about me was the best feeling in the world.

I feel like that was my one shot and I lost it. I'm not in a position where I can meet many new people and social anxiety makes it even harder. Even in the rare instance when I do, we just never click like me and my ex did. I could probably get over her if I found someone else. I feel like I'm going to become one of those guys who gets into their 30's and is still a virgin.... Like, I don't want that. I can't help being insecure about it. The thought of being alone for much longer is fucking terrifying. I crave what I had with my ex again. If I can't have that, a large part of me just wants to end it all now. I don't know really, life all just seems so bleak. I don't want to be alone any longer. I don't think that's asking too much.