Peace Outside My ReachI am bad at keeping it short and sweet, by nature I am a creature of detail, of menacing awareness of subtlety, so this will end up longer than I can help.

I would already have done it. Long ago. 

I have been tired of it all as long as I could remember. I remember being a young boy, waking up slowly one morning to the cold hardwood floors, and reaching for a marker to stand on my bed and write "Good Morning, ready for another shitty day?" right above where my pillow fell on my elderly double bed. I couldn't have been in my teens yet.

I remember years and years ago, when I'd slice my wrists with my keys in class just to distract myself enough to put a bullshit look on my face, like I was okay.

I had an excellent mother, a good father, albeit literally distant. I wouldn't call my childhood great, but it wasn't poor, it just had a fair share of atrocity. I don't really know why I've always felt as I do, but I don't love the world like so many seem to. I was deemed "Gifted" at an early age, and then throughout high school achieved top percentile marks if I actually gave a shit, which became less and less. I think being intelligent played a part, Hemingway spoke of the relationship intelligence has with happiness. Being the lack of.

I remember loving like I'd never meet another day, someone who probably didn't deserve it, and I remember what it felt like for them to cruelly obliterate my emotions, with a calculated intent, a malice. We'd been together years, and she'd always been insincere, but somehow we'd gone on, and time and time again she wronged me. I don't forgive her.

I remember years spent alone in a haze. Getting high in my room and listening to music, hoping my suburban wasteland would soon offer a catharsis of enough caliber to help. But my writing and music just grew bitter until I dared not touch my guitar, my piano had no means, my voice was scarce and slim. I didn't care. 

I eventually fell again, a love I can say with certainty would not have ended if it weren't for my entrenchment. I was so broken I couldn't hold her. But years go by friends from afar, she found another, I found more scars. Now she admits it to this day, that we were perfectly made to pair, while spending every way she can, effort poured in another man. What am I to do? The frustration washes me through, she sees it but she won't come to, I'm just sitting at the door. We'd then have been the kind of thing called fairytale and ignorance, but now more than 5 years have passed and we've grown only closer.

For so long I waited by the wayside, hoping one day she'd be brave enough to act, to make the step and close the gap. But I am laced with dust. I have nothing left to trust.

At this point I can't care. He cheated on her and she stays despaired, she's his woman and she doesn't care. So I don't give a fuck at all. Breathing is a strain I'd kill to stall. My mother, the reason I wait at all. 

Otherwise you'd never have read these words, I'd have been forgotten for years. Drifting into space, how I've come to hate this place.

I post this here for what? 

It's here so I could voice in words or otherwise decay under the weight of thoughts of late. I needed just to purge, to know even anonymously, I was heard. 

Eventually I will take the steps that call my name all day. But when my mother won't be harmed. When I can do it without the guilt. I love my friends passionately, the brothers I'd never had but always wanted. Years I've known these men, but I think they'd even understand. I didn't want to *be*, a man or any thing. I simply wish I'd never breathed, for knowing everything afforded me. 


