Thought I might as well try thisWell, I'm really not sure why I'm doing this, it's really just to pass the time until I'm able to fuckin leave my house to act upon it. I've completely run out of things to do, things to cope, things to convince me that there's a reason to continue on. Talked with the crisis hotline a few days ago, and I told myself "if this doesn't work then I'm giving up" and i would just decide to say goodbye to it all, end the already non-existant future that i won't ever have because I honestly fuck everything up and can't get my shit together

I can't even say how many times I've spoken to a hotline before. Maybe over 40 within the past two months. I have absolutely nobody else to talk to other than these hotlines, all my friends are gone, they all left, i still have some fake ones that i haven't cut off yet and my parents won't believe me. The only thing keeping me going is this damned coronavirus keeping me from leaving my house to go jump off a big ass building that's literally about 30 minutes away from me.

Every time I get "help" it's always temporary, a few hours later all that's going to happen is I'll be back at square one crying my emotional bag-ass in bed trying to figure out what the hell i'm still doing being alive. This is also one of the main reasons of why I'm basically going to give up, what's the fucking use if it's not going to last me 4 hours? What am I supposed to do, distract myself from the pain and thoughts for years and years until I pass from old age? Die from a car crash? Hell no! I've tried too many times to get help, and none of it worked.

I'll text the fucking crisis hotline, and it's nice, sure, it's nice to talk to somebody, but fucking hell does it end up being the same thing over and over again. It'll be like 3 AM, and they'll just keep fuckin saying "How about you text in tomorrow if you feel like this again?" same thing for the suicide hotline, that happened to me too, "call in when you're feeling like you're about to kill yourself" which if that's how much they care about me, I might as well not. No, I won't be feeling any better tomorrow. Why the hell would I be texting in and getting dispatched 50 times beforehand? Fuck it, dude.

&amp;#x200B;

All I've gotten so far has been "It'll get better, give it time." Fuck giving it time! How much time, half of my life? No! I'm not doing that. It's already felt like forever! I don't think there's anybody at all that gives a shit about me anymore. Honestly, my parents, nope, my friends, they're all fuckin gone, they're all fake they don't even know I exist. What the hell do I have to do to convince myself "I won't feel like this for a long long time." Nothing! That's literally the absolute only only only thing that will convince me, and I know for a big ass fact that will never occur. I was even talking to this girl from my school about it, we were talking because she knew how I felt about it. I remember saying "It's just going to go back to square one every few hours" and then she all up just says "Well, Ryan, you've just explained life." Excuse me? You're telling me I have to endure this pain 50 times over a lifetime. What the fuck is the point of living dude? To be hurt? To sit here in complete agony waiting for a time where I will have the ability to run away from home. Then I'll be free of my house, the pain, especially my thoughts once I end it all, and I'll be happy as shit. Fuck.

One of my literal only ways to cope: Stay up! Never ever sleep. If you don't sleep, your brain won't have enough time to think. And yeah, sure, it works. Not sleeping works wonders. But again, it's fucking temporary. Like absolutely everything in this damned world. Fuck me!

I'm tired as hell, it's 2 AM here, and there's probably way more other points that I forgot to add on that I can't think about right now. I'll probably add on edits if I remember and if I feel like it, and if I'm physically able to.