My feelings...I’m tired...

I really am...

But I don’t want to die, because I’m scared of dying....

So I keep living...


And I help my loved ones in need of support because I care for them.

But there’s this one friend I had.
She didn’t have a great home life, and neither was her school life okay. So she felt suicidal and tries to cut herself...(thankfully I stop her)

But I was there for her,because she deserves a friend and the more we grow, the more we became attached.

I guess that’s why it hurts more and still a lot...

But she becomes distant one moment, and I don’t know why. We were friends so why now that this happened.

And she avoid me and my friend group...

And here comes a post that she made on YouTube, it features my friends(they didn’t like her anymore at the time) but then came to me.

How we turned friends but she victimized herself when all I’ve been was a good friend to her all these years...

I cried...hard, so I called my best friend up and tell her the news. She told me it wasn’t my fault, that I wasn’t in the wrong...

Yet, why do I feel in the wrong. What did I do to make her feel like this and how could I change it. Was it my actions,words, or thoughts that made her feel this way?...

That’s how I feel when my friends feel sad and depressed.

So the fact that she decided that I was a ‘fake’ friend hurt me and still does.

We avoided each other but I still want to be friends but it doesn’t seem like that it’ll happen anytime soon.

So that time period made me feel worthless, useless and weak. I wasn’t strong to keep a friend around...



Just like back then...(we left to different schools and I couldn’t keep contact of her)



Every time I look at my contact that I still keep of her, make me want to vomit and cry like i did before, condemning myself for my misdeeds that were no fault of my own. Feeling shameful and disgusting.


This happened months ago and I am recovering with my friends behind my back but I still feel her piece that she took from me empty and hollow...

Hopefully you didn’t have toxic friends that you gave the whole world to just throw you out and if you did, I welcome you with open arms...you are not alone amigo