Can't even bring myself to do things I like.I can't really tell if I need hugs or a kick in the ass, but I decided to post here and in r/GetMotivated (slightly different per each subreddit, but mainly the same thing). Maybe something'll come of it.

I have depression and OCD. It makes me terribly apathetic, lonely, tired. The only thing I do well is wash my hands far too often for my own good. I'm not on medication anymore, haven't been for about three months. Not sure if that's a good or bad thing yet.

Now, I've posted in this subreddit before. But I seem to have fallen to a new low, though, so maybe posting here again would help something.

I'm a fantasy writer. At least in theory. I haven't written down very much in ages. My last hope was always that, even if I wasn't writing it, I was thinking about it and working on it in my head. Lately I can't even gather the energy to think.

Maybe it's because I just moved back home. Since last May I've been in Poland you see, and I just got back home to the US two weeks ago. I had tried to reboot my life over there and well, that ended up failing too. The semester I signed up for? Only went about four times. I did go to group therapy for 12 weeks, every weekday from 9-12. Didn't miss a day, but ended up sleeping more than paying attention or participating. I improved my Polish, but that was about it. Ah, and they did take me off my medication which resulted in two or three solid weeks of suicidal thoughts and mood.

In general I'm in rut and seem to trip and fall over everytime I try to do something to get out of it.

At least I'm getting out of bed here and putting on real clothes, and not staying all day in my pajamas. The last few weeks in Poland I think I only got up to eat or go to Church on Sunday, and then back home to sleep.

EDIT: I thought I'd add something to the SW post... I'm frightened. I've just been so frightened lately. It's like intrusive thoughts, but they don't just bother me, they hold on. For three days now I've been sleeping with the lights on because I'm frightened of ghosts or demons, or being murdered by someone. And if it's not that, it's me unable to sleep because of scenarios that I come up with- slitting my wrists or throat. Last night I spent an hour wondering that, if I did do something like that, would people be mad if I woke them up to call the ambulance or could I do it myself.