Things to do before my suicideSo, you see, I had some friends and one person among them that I really really loved. I still do. But he doesn't love me back anymore, he doesn't want even to talk with me anymore... So all these friends don't want either. I have literally no one right now, even to talk to. Everybody fucking hates me, literally everybody. The way they threat me now, the way they're looking at  me. They do hate me. And I hate myself the most. It's been few weeks since I lost everyone and everything is still so fucking painful. I surely don't wanna live anymore. I don't have a reason to. When I had friends we used to play computer games everyday, I was also drawing really often. These were the only things I enjoyed doing. But since these few weeks everyday looks the same. I cry for few hours, take sleeping pills, sleep for few hours, wake up, cry again and again and again, take sleeping pills. Nothing is enjoyable anymore. Nothing at all. I'm not able to live anymore, so I'm just trying to sleep as often as I can. But even sleeping is painful - I have nightmares. Everyday. All these people are in them... They escaped from me but I'm the only one who can't escape from myself. I decided - I need to die. I already chose the perfect day. But I need to survive few another weeks then.

I have nothing and no one to lose anymore. I can do literally everything right now, because soon I won't be here after all. Do you have any ideas what I can do before killing myself? 

I've thought about some trips, to the places I liked or wanted to visit before I lost all interest in everything. I'll do few piercings I've always wanted to have (I wonder if they can make me be able to look at myself in the mirror). If I'll have an occasion, I tell some people what I really think. But how about some unwonted things? Do you have any ideas? I don't care if it'll be something weird, creepy, dangerous, shaming or whatever, I don't care about anything, but I don't want to just die - I wanna start really living for a short while.