I'm really close to giving upSo ever since I entered high school I've have suicidal thoughts run rampant through my head for massive stretches of time for the last 4 years. Now I'm 18 and even after all these years I still just want to fucking kill myself. It seems like every single thing I have tried to accomplish in the last four years has ended up as a massive failure and every single time these failures occur I go into a a renewed state of depression. It's always there in the back of my head. I could be laughing at something I saw or heard one second and the next I will be crying because it made me think of how much of a failure I am in some way or how I have no one to really go to. My "father", I use quotations because he has never really behaved like one, prefers to yell and insult me every time I come to him with a problem or when I mess something up again. Every time I talk to him I listen and wait to see if he says anything positive about me. And in the last three years that I've done this he hasn't, it's always just insults and yelling that he provides. Despite all the times he has seen what his anger does he just redoubles his efforts and tosses more hate at me which just makes me spend an extra hour or so crying myself to sleep at night. He's not even just him as well. Every single person on his side of the family does the same thing. We will go to a family gathering and I will hear nothing but praise for every other nephew, niece, grandson, or grand daughter, but whenever a conversation would go to me I'd have uncles, aunts, cousins, and even my grandparents mocking me and making fun of me for all the things I have failed at. I know that may sound far fetched but it's what I have had the "pleasure" of dealing with for years now. It all has me convinced that there is no way out of this at all as every time I see a bit of happiness I have it taken away from me with the insults that I encounter everyday. Every day I inch ever closer towards ending it and I have no idea what to do.

I wish I had friends to lean on in these times but my interactions with my father's side of the family has got me to the point long ago where I just refused to interact with anyone to avoid adding on to the possible adding of judgement and ridicule. With me about to graduate as well I won't even have a guidance counselor to talk to soon. Literally the only person I ever have to talk to is my Mom who I don't live with as my parents are divorced. Even though every time I come to her with a problem she always tries to help me through it in some way, my interactions with my father and his side of the family has made me question every single interaction with my Mom as well. Every time I come to her with a problem I wonder if I'm annoying her or if she thinks that I'm a failure. Even though I realize this probably isn't the case, I've been so conditioned to expect the worst kind of response to people because of half of my family. My Mom is probably the only reason I haven't ended it yet, because if she actually does care about me then what will that do to her? I couldn't give two shits about what anyone else would be going through if I did it besides her because she's been the only one there to help me throughout the majority of most of my life. But with my state of mind always worsening the more I think about all the shit cards I've been given, the more I just want to fold and call it quits.

I just don't see a future for me where I ever can overcome all the years of conditioning I have been given to expect the worst out of anyone and everyone. It's not that I view people as bad, it's just that I view myself so poorly I guess that I expect everyone to see how much of a failure I am and how annoying I can be as that is all I really know in the way of human interaction outside of the internet. Honestly I don't even know why I typed all of this up. If anything all it has done is make me realize just how crappy my experiences in life have been. Sorry for the long post and if you at least read most of it then thanks I guess. I still don't know why I wrote this other than I don't know what else to do.massive failure and every single time these failures occur I go into a a renewed state of depression. It's always there in the back of my head. I could be laughing at something I saw or heard one second and the next I will be crying because it made me think of how much of a failure I am in some way or how I have no one to really go to. My "father", I use quotations because he has never really behaved like one, prefers to yell and insult me every time I come to him with a problem or when I mess something up again. Every time I talk to him I listen and wait to see if he says anything positive about me. And in the last three years that I've done this he hasn't, it's always just insults and yelling that he provides. Despite all the times he has seen what his anger does he just redoubles his efforts and tosses more hate at me which just makes me spend an extra hour or so crying myself to sleep at night. He's not even just him as well. Every single person on his side of the family does the same thing. We will go to a family gathering and I will hear nothing but praise for every other nephew, niece, grandson, or grand daughter, but whenever a conversation would go to me I'd have uncles, aunts, cousins, and even my grandparents mocking me and making fun of me for all the things I have failed at. I know that may sound far fetched but it's what I have had the "pleasure" of dealing with for years now. It all has me convinced that there is no way out of this at all as every time I see a bit of happiness I have it taken away from me with the insults that I encounter everyday. Every day I inch ever closer towards ending it and I have no idea what to do.

I wish I had friends to lean on in these times but my interactions with my father's side of the family has got me to the point long ago where I just refused to interact with anyone to avoid adding on to the possible adding of judgement and ridicule. With me about to graduate as well I won't even have a guidance counselor to talk to soon. Literally the only person I ever have to talk to is my Mom who I don't live with as my parents are divorced. Even though every time I come to her with a problem she always tries to help me through it in some way, my interactions with my father and his side of the family has made me question every single interaction with my Mom as well. Every time I come to her with a problem I wonder if I'm annoying her or if she thinks that I'm a failure. Even though I realize this probably isn't the case, I've been so conditioned to expect the worst kind of response to people because of half of my family. My Mom is probably the only reason I haven't ended it yet, because if she actually does care about me then what will that do to her? I couldn't give two shits about what anyone else would be going through if I did it besides her because she's been the only one there to help me throughout the majority of most of my life. But with my state of mind always worsening the more I think about all the shit cards I've been given, the more I just want to fold and call it quits.

I just don't see a future for me where I ever can overcome all the years of conditioning I have been given to expect the worst out of anyone and everyone. It's not that I view people as bad, it's just that I view myself so poorly I guess that I expect everyone to see how much of a failure I am and how annoying I can be as that is all I really know in the way of human interaction outside of the internet. Honestly I don't even know why I typed all of this up. If anything all it has done is make me realize just how crappy my experiences in life have been. Sorry for the long post and if you at least read most of it then thanks I guess. I still don't know why I wrote this other than I don't know what else to do.