Everything is going wrong.I need help.  I was going crazy just now so I wrote it all out as a verbal vomit to get it off my chest.  There's a more sane note after the italics:
*Everything is going to shit. I'm really sick and I haven't really slept or eaten more than one meal a day for two weeks. I've been continuously depressed for 6 months but my university's counselor won't help me.  I don't know where to go for help because I'm a closet atheist at a very religious university and if they find out I've become a nonbeliever I'll get kicked out and they'll hold my transcripts, so I have nobody I can trust.  I don't have any friends.  I just hate myself so much and all I can think about is how the rest of the world would carry on after I'm dead.  I imagine nobody I know here would really care.  My family would grieve but they'd get over it.  Nothing would change.  My life never mattered and it never will.  It doesn't matter if I die when I'm 22 or when I'm 70, I'll just be yet another source of nutrients for the worms, rotting away in the ground.  I feel like I've been tormented by my own mind for so long that all I want is to be out of it.  I just want this wretched experience of being alive to be over so badly but I'm too cowardly to do it.  The thought of bleeding or suffocating to death stops me every time I try to get myself to do it.  The idea of messing up is even more terrifying to me because then I'll still be a fucked-up mind trapped in a broken body, which would be even worse.  There's no way anything will ever get any better, I've told myself for over 10 years that just as soon as I get out of junior high and go to high school, once I go to college, once I am done with my stupid church mission, once I get to have a job and a family and people that love me, then everything will be ok.  But it never is.  Every time I get to the next phase it's just as bad or worse.  I'm panicking as I type this, I want so desperately to go to sleep but I can't because all I can think about is how much of a fuckup I am, how stupid, how ugly, how worthless, how nobody will miss me once I finally grow some balls and end myself...  I hate almost everyone around me (I only actually like my immediate family, a handful of close friends, and my dog), but that's only because I hate myself with such all-consuming fury, such passion and such blind loathing, that I project it into how others feel about me.  I know it's all just in my head, but I want it to be over so badly, and I know that it never will be until I die.  I just know that once I'm dead I'll finally be contributing to the world because the worms and the microbes will have something to eat.*
I objectively don't have a bad life.  I have very supportive family and the few close friends I have are there for me.  I am doing fine academically.  I just really don't want to exist.  I don't know why and I don't know how to fix it.