Was anyone else suicidal as a child?I am 27 and I have always wanted to die. Even when I feel happy. I tried to hang myself when I was 8 years old, I even put a mirror in front of me so I could watch, I was in the wardrobe and my mum was about to come in, I just managed to untie the rope before she saw me. I have never told anyone about this. I remember crying at that age for no reason, until I noticed that my mum was becoming conserned and confused by my crying so I realised that it wasn't normal so I said that I was crying because my great nan had died, which she had but it was just so they didn't think something was wrong with me. I started self harming at about 14 until about 3 years ago, although I have relapsed a few times. I mostly cut my wrists, I did want to die, I got very good at hiding it. I'm not sure if any family saw it, except my dad who saw my thigh cut, commented on it and said no more. I have had severe depression, although I have never been to a doctor or therapist about it. I took an overdose when I was 17 I was sick, still didn't tell anyone. My depression has gotten a lot better in recent years, however I cry a lot when I am at home, my girlfriend and I live together in a flat in my home town after meeting I. London two and a half years ago. She is fantastic, I couldn't ask for anyone better. She is the most patient person I know. But I still think of suicide every day, I have thought about my issues a lot and I think that the way my dad treated me as a child was emotionally abuse and possibly physically. I haven't spoken to him since I was 17. But sometimes he is at my little sisters plays so I sometimes can't avoid him. 
I often feel like I don't deserve to take up space in this world, that others would be happier if I disappeared and had never existed. It's deep rooted in me and I have been working to overcome it for as long as I can remember. I believe that all my positive feelings have got me where I am today in terms of confidence, my job, my flat, my girlfriend and my relationships with others. But something is sticking. It might be that we are in my home town, it's lovely to see my siblings who are 16 and 15 but my mum is so odd with me sometimes and makes me feel like shit. You never know how she will be, it's like sometimes she really hates me, I'm pretty consistent so I never understand. 
If you made it this far, thanks for reading. Does anyone think that I might have a borderline personality disorder? 
Does anyone else feel the same? 