A year ago tomorrow ...A year ago tomorrow will mark the one year anniversary of me trying to kill myself. I swallowed a bottle of prescribed klonopin. My dad found me and took me to the hospital where they pumped my stomach. After my recovery, I was submitted to the psych Ward for over a week with people I didn't know away from my family and friends and worst of all was unable to smoke cigarettes... okay that last part wasn't the worst but at the time that's all I could think about. Once released, I decided since I have failed at everything else and now suicide, maybe its time for a change. Maybe instead of laying in bed all day and drinking all night, going to a job I hate and feeling awful about myself I should change the things I do have control over.

I did something completely unrealistic and fantastic that I wish everyone in their life would do once. I sold all my shit, packed a suitcase and bought a fucking plane ticket to Hawaii. I said goodbye to the friends and family I cherished and missed so much while I was away for away week in the hospital and moved 5000 miles away to a place I'd never been to where I knew no one. It was the most freeing experience of my young life.... 

I guess my point is, I was at the bottom of it all looking out into a world I hated surrounded by people who loved me but didn't know how to help me and I left to make myself stronger for myself. Its like those stories you hear about people who lose like 400 pounds and say "if I can do it, anyone can" and as fucking cliche as it is to say it I mean it.  I was a gross example of a human being and as depressed and lonely as they get.

If you really want to change and get better, you can't wait for anyone else to do it for you. Fuck everyone else and get better for yourself. Its a day to day thing but its an amazing feeling knowing you did it yourself for yourself. Standing on the other side of the battle field, its easy to just say, "get better" but I know where a lot of you have been and it can and does get better.

Also, I am an open ear for anyone who needs it. Thanks for listening to my tale, I needed to put it down somewhere. 