Reaching my limit. I've turned 20 yesterday, I'm a double college dropout with suicide intentions.  

 I've been a normal, cute, kind and rather shy kid. I had few friends, one best friend, he's been alongside me for most of my childhood. Simon, let's call him that, was probably my greatest partner, I remember those countless hours with him playing football, picking up cans and bottles for some crap money exchange, but enough to play metal slug in near video arcades.

 Everything was fine until the 4th year of elementary school started, there was a selection of those more "fit" boys to a newly made sport class. I managed to get in, but it was a grave mistake, probably the first chapter of my failure of a life. I started to gradually spent less and less time with Simon.

 I was probably the least athletic and even the weakest in a new environment. It was a nightmare, I've been bullied, ridiculed, psychically abused by some of new classmates, even by one friend I had who get in the class too. I had to change classes, where I could stay in peace. 

 Did this bullying period had any effects on me? Considering what's going to happen, yes, probably. 
Ever since I've been avoiding P.E. at all costs. 

 After graduation I moved from the city. Didn't even properly bid farewell to Simon. Haven't seen him since then. I had to totally change my environment, and it turned out to be a tremendous task for me. I couldn't get used to new people, I've been afraid to go to school. I've been crying out of fear in bed for most of my holidays.

 I somehow managed to accommodate, but still remained in the background. 

 I've been avoiding people as much as possible, I thought that this whole race is fucking dumb, shallow, Human as a body and mind so complicated, yet repeating the same patterns, simple-minded. Every girl was the same cunt, liking the same shitty music, having the same haircut, fighting for grades, drinking and smoking. I could describe boys in similar way.

 I've never been good at anything, never shown any sign of talent, nor anything interested me to any considerable degree, anything but games and anime. So with those two I've spent most of my life.
 
 It was kinda bearable though, I've been going to school and immediately after spent rest of my time on a computer. I had this kind of "peace", that everything is somehow stable, so I just went on.

 Worth to note my grades were awful, I've been barely passing classes. Not that I would try to do better if I could turn back time, I would do the same, I hated every possible subject other than English (it's not my native language), because I just simply learned it from playing games.
  
 Something started to change when I first faced reality, I had some real problems with grades, with possibility of repeating a year, and on top of that I noticed that not everyone is the same copy and paste pile of meat, few individuals had some really great talents, or just simply been "famous" in some way. I envied those guys from the darkest depths of me, yet I just ignored that, I had my world in computer.

 And that's when I started maladaptive daydreaming. I could lie for hours with music on and imagine I am the "famous" guy, on the stage playing guitar, or drawing, simply being the one talented.
 
 I tried to turn my daydreaming into reality and started playing guitar. I never could devote myself seriously to it, ended up knowing few chords and intros and coming back to gaming.

 It was in mid school, I've been struggling with most of subjects, to not repeat a year, but somehow succeed. In the end, I had my games, nothing else mattered. 

 Graduation was somehow terrifying. I found myself scared of even going to signing up to high school. Where everyone was happily going there with pack of friends, I had to go there with my mum. I had to go to school by bus, first time in my life. I was trembling just by thought of it. But I was able to ignore everything, knowing that I will come back home to my room.

 I found myself completely hidebound compared to my peers. Seeing how most of my peers were just living until friday to get drunk at some gross parties,  my vision of humans being worthless shitheads has extended, I've started to hate everyone because of having dumb interests, because someone had a partner. My envy towards talented guys turned to hate towards every person who even had good grades. I couldn't do anything myself to become better at anything. There was nothing I liked to do besides playing games.

 There came a moment where I didn't want to be alone. Going to school was getting harder and harder without anyone I could at least talk to, so I decided to get some friends.

 Everything I've done towards this goal was a total failure. I started accepting cigarettes from people around, coughing out, even vomiting after. Some days have passed, the laughing of me vomiting after smoke ceased, I accepted vodka from a classmate. I've never tasted alcohol before, and underestimated the amount of this shit I should possibly drink. I felt nothing at first. First step after the break during which this happened, and I immediately started swaying and trying to hide it from people around me. Ended up drunk, saying some shit in front of a class. I think teacher knew I am drunk, but didn't pay attention, since she knew i am a bit of a failure. 

 That was a milestone. I started feeling strange pain in my chest regularly. I've started taking anti depressants, ssri shit. 

 I've been trying for quite some time to "wake up" after seeing that all those games are not real, and how much time I've devoted to them. I've tried to pick a guitar once more. I've even tried drawing, writing, voice acting, programming. Nothing really turned the tides. 

 Only games were able to ease the pain, so I wanted to spend every bit of my time in my room, I never wanted to come back to school. I started to go out of school in middle of lessons. 

 In the last grade i ended up having most of subjects under 50% presence. I had to repeat half year of geography and history, I've been getting prescribed with stronger stuff since nothing worked. With cheating crying and mother's assistance i managed to pass the other subjects. 
 
 After graduation I had to choose the college, since I was only good at English I've chosen English philology. Only place I could study was far from my place, in a big city. I thought that I will maybe open up in such place, become a bit independent.

 But I failed to get in. Got prescribed another needless ssri. Velaxin 3 pills a day.

 I had to sign somewhere else, upon pressure of family, and i started being afraid of work. i couldnt imagine giving up half my day to work, being ridiculed by boss, afraid of failing. So I signed to a IT class. a fucking IT class.  i've been waiting like for execution. i haven't left my bed for the last few weeks of holidays. i started thinking what could it be if i was talented and passionate about something from my early years, or even liked anything at all just to spend some time on it. my bullies, would look at me now and envy me like i envied them. i would link my passion with my job. and i ended up daydreaming whole days about me being passionate and successful, or living in a game. 

the time came to go to school and to forget about world i made in my head. i found i couldn't listen to music anymore. hearing that someone was good at something was making me hitting my head. seeing or hearing Lorde, who is my age, star from her early years, caused pain like a burn in my chest.

But i thought, hey, i will end IT class, i will have a good job, i will maybe work as game designer. 
 
The first day of college. I've been holding tears this whole day. math and physics overwhelmed me. i don't know what was i thinking. i am too dumb to understand these things, not to mention i don't even remember anything from high school. chest pains were getting stronger. i didn't know what was i going to do if i leave college, yet I couldn't bear the thought of going to work.

a month or two passed, i didn't come back to college. i ended up as some kind of hikikomori.

 I started cutting and shaved my head.

 i realised how much of a failure i am. the day i noticed people my age having driving licenses, linking work with education or even getting married. i've been trying to harm myself in every possible way, i couldn't bear the thought that lorde or ed sheeran, leto or anyfuckingone having this shit behind them are having great lives, talents, passions, money and what was hitting me for real: they are happy, they are smiling, they can look up in the sky and breath easily, knowing they achieved something. they are something more. 

i saw on facebook my bullies are now rappers in clubs. i saw a classmate from highschool as a model in an ad in tv. i've heard one of my cousins is getting a degree, other one got an offer to study abroad. i 've heard my brother on his 3 year of college, working as a director in some company, laughing with his girlfriend.

then i looked at myself, naked in a samara-like pose, bald, with cutted thigh. still obese despite of eating less.

i don't remember anything, i think my head started to hurt out of thinking what's going to happen with me, why can't i like anything. i ended up in psychiatric.

night has passed, i didn't sleep. the hospital was obscure, i saw the people there. i didn't want to be like them.

my veins were in dots out of amount of blood taken from me, like if it had any fucking clue in it. i resigned shortly after it was possible. the head doctor i had to confront was a fucking cunt. not to mention i had to wait for my mum to get me out of there. do ouy see now how much of a fucking trash i am?

4 months have passed, since then i've tried anything to never be like that again. i've been running, learning piano, tried programming again. read tons of bodybuilding sites. bought weights and a barbell. tried drawing..

i end up in the same place, crying over old times when i could peacefully play my games, crying over old friends. i am now totally alone since many years.

Everything is my pitiful attempt to become something more. I was selfish about thinking about successful people like that. They've been training hard, lived through their problems.

I struggle through everything i try to learn, i can learn a guitar but i will end up as a labor anyway. with programming i may actually work, but i can't understand the simplest things, it's fatiguing and makes my head hurt. i am simply dumb. everything is too hard.

Suicides happen. There are people who will never fall in love with anything. There's nothing to keep them alive.

Anyway, there are 7 billion people on earth, not counting the amount of people who lived in the past. Too big competition. Money, lies and fist truly rule the world right now. I can't even get on the level of my peers anymore. 

I'm tired. I don't like this world, it's too hard. I haven't been equipped with any tools to help me to begin with. I will be a pain in the ass to everyone around me. 