Disease has destroyed my lifeSo, about me...I’m a 27 year old man. I live in a city and work at a good company. I was diagnosed with Wegener’s Granulamatosis at 18. When I was first diagnosed, the only permanent damage was slightly done to my nose and some nerve damage with one of my feet. I still looked like my normal self. I went into full remission soon. Full Remission lasted until the spring/summer of 2017. I had the option to take a new drug  approved for the disease in 2016 called Rituxan, but refused because of overplayed internet horror stories. I was an attractive man during remission. I took different girls out every weekend. I had a great life, family, job &amp; friends. I started feeling bad this spring so my doctor upped the drugs I was on but I still went into an acute phase of Wegener’s by the end of the summer. The bridge of my nose has collapsed, I have no septum. I constantly cough up post nasal. Also as complications of the flare, pachymeningitis, and cerebral venous sinus thrombosis was found via MRI. I took the rounds of Rituxan at the end of August but the damage had been done. I was supposed to be scheduled in June but no one reached out to me until July. My doctor was furious. I also have bilateral proptosis (both of my eyes are bulged out of socket). Optic nerve edema has caused alternating estropia in my eyes. I also have more nerve damage and my teeth are rotting away from high prednisone usage along with cushingoid face. I’m a physical train wreck. I was an attractive, confident man, people loved being around me. Watching my face fall apart as I can do nothing to stop it has ruined me psychologically, along with the constant headaches. The disease has completely destroyed my life. I look like a completely different person. I’m now an alien in my own body. I avoid all public places and have no future possibility at a normal social or dating life ever again. I still work, but I’m severely depressed. Most of the physical damage done to my face will never resolve. And I can’t have reconstructive surgery because the risk of the disease coming back and just destroying the work is high. There was a 50/50 chance it would never come back. I failed that test horrendously. I want out. I don’t want to live this life. I’m a completely different person now, inside and out. I have nothing positive to look forward to. I don’t know who to talk to about it. My parents are tired of me talking about it. I understand, I’m a constant negative in anyone’s life. And that’s how things are going to be from here on out. I may be willing to send pictures of how different I look....I don’t know how to move on from this 