The universe is telling me to end itHey so I’m feeling pretty broken. I’m usually okay mentally with no real drive to commit suicide but these past few weeks my life has been falling apart. I would do anything to go back to July when I had a home, a job, and a girlfriend. So I used to share a house with a chill roommate but he and his friends started stealing from me. At first they’d take small things like change or food, which I didn’t mind but then entire bottles of meds would go missing. I decided to move out, and bought an suv to live in temporarily, with plans to sell it once I got a new place. Fast forward to last weekend the air suspension went out so I ordered a regular coil suspension to it swap it. Yesterday when the coil arrived I turn the key and it doesn’t start.. $200 later it’s towed to the dealership and I find out it also has several oil leaks. There’s another $2000 I don’t have. Anyway so I get into my other car to get to work and ended up bumping it into manual without knowing. It’s 5am I can’t see shit and really don’t wanna use the fake manual when my dash lights are out so I try shifting to neutral to reset it back to automatic, turns out I pushed it into reverse. Transmission is shot, and I’m late to work with two fucked up vehicles. So I’m walking to work and my gf calls me in the morning like she usually does but this time she sounds different. Basically she says she needs a break and will “hmu when she’s ready”. Funny how this comes up a few nights after she reconnected with her ex girlfriend. That’s right another girl stole my girl lol. Once again, fast forward to the end of the day yesterday I forget to tighten some bolts which my supervisor of course noticed. I was already on thin ice for showing up half asleep most days due to living in a car. That being said of course I get called into my bosses office for the second time this month, this time I walk out without my job. I decided to resign instead of being fired with the promise of a good recommendation, after being told they’d make sure I was fired “for cause” and wouldn’t pay unemployment. Now here I am today: no job, no bed to sleep in, two pos cars, no gf, and barely any money in the bank. Basically everything I worked so hard for this year I’ve lost in just a few days. I think tomorrow I’ll invest what little money I have left in a shotgun.