Disgusted with myself for suicidal thoughts.2020 hasn't exactly been many people's favorite year, huh? Last year wasn't great either so I was really hoping for a turn around. Guess that didn't happen. I tried to kill myself last August by taking 800mg pills of ibuprofen until I blacked out. Woke up in the hospital and had to spend a week in the psyche ward. When I got out I was committed to fix myself and be a better person for my family and loved ones.

Well that didn't happen. I had a pretty stressful fall semester that culminated in the end of my four year relationship after my girlfriend had all she could take of my depressed antics. I went to London to visit my brother during the winter break and I can say that his company and guidance really helped me stay afloat after that, so my ideation was minimal and I was once again set to turn things around again and finally grow as a person spring semester. Yeah, that was wishful thinking. Without my girlfriend on campus and the very few friends I had having different schedules than me, I was alone outside of my classes nearly all the time. My social anxiety was so through the roof that I could hardly stand to be in public by myself without feeling the enormous weight of my isolation and inability to form human relationships.

I was having a lot of ideation at this time so ultimately it came as some relief when classes were all moved online as a result of the quarantine, as the bulk of my anxiety was stemming from being surrounded by people but not interacting with them on any meaningful level. Still, another part of me was disappointed at the lost opportunity to overcome these hardships. I had been keeping some small correspondence with my ex during this time, and here is where we get to the crux of this post. It became apparent over time that my ex was not getting much out of continued communication, and overtime she responded less and less and almost never initiated conversation.

Facing this as well as the other hardships I've mentioned, it is safe to say I have not handled it to the best of my ability. Despite the months that have passed since I ceased talking to her I still think about her all the time. And not in a wistful reminiscing sort of way, but in a bitter, vengeful way. As soon as it became clear that she truly didn't want to hear from me anymore, I deleted all my means of contacting her, to fight the overwhelming urges to beg and plead for her to come but that's not the only reason. The other reason why is that I was genuinely afraid I would send something explicitly blaming her before taking my own life. Hence the disgust.

I don't know what I expect to get from writing this all here, I don't even know how many people will read this if any. I guess I just feel trapped, unable to cope with demands of life but also guilt-stricken over the desire to kill myself. I don't have any present plans to do it but there's always a little nagging voice telling me to get it over with. It all feels a little predetermined, like there's not much else I can do but kill myself, especially as I fit so many of the categories of people that do commit suicide; being a mentally ill college student without friends whose never had a job or a driver's license. It'd be easier to just have some terminal illness, that way there wouldn't be this expectation of having to overcome these obstacles and I could just wilt away in peace knowing there's nothing I could do. There's another example of a thought that disgusts myself but I can't help it, I feel too broken to think any way else.

Thanks to anyone who actually reads this, I know I haven't presented myself in the most sympathetic light but that's what I'm going through. Sorry if that's not the exact purpose of this sub but I had to share these thoughts to someone. I hope you have a good day and are in a much better headspace than the one I'm in.