I am completely worthless and I want to tell you why.A year and a half ago, I got married.  A year ago, I moved to the other side of the planet with my husband.  Six months ago I realized I wasn't attracted to him anymore.  Five months ago I cheated on him.  And again one and a half months ago.  I told him and we took a break.  I broke up with him two weeks ago.  I've been suicidal for four months.  That's the rough timeline, and now I'll get into some details.

I couldn't find a job where we moved, despite completing a university science degree.  Eventually I found one in food service and worked there.  Realized that maybe I would be happier by myself...?  Then I cheated with a man for whom I had really overwhelmingly shallow feelings for and with whom there was absolutely no future.  But it was the first time in AGES I'd felt anything remotely physical so I went with it, like the stupid, stupid girl I am.

I eventually told my husband that I didn't feel the same about him anymore.  We tried talking about it, we tried marriage counselling... we tried a lot.  And I tried.  But he doesn't think so.  Finally, I decided that we needed to take a break so that I could decide how I really felt.  It was a lot of back and forth... it still is.  He's the perfect emotional partner.  But I don't feel the spark.  And the spark is really important.  Otherwise I'd cheat again like the stupid, worthless, moronic girl I am.  Anyway, I left, took the break, and decided that I needed to end it because I couldn't commit to someone wholeheartedly if I couldn't be in it wholeheartedly.

I don't know why I feel this way.  I feel stupid for getting married in the first place.  And I still have no job prospects, seemingly little chance of graduate school, the terrifying feeling that I've made a terrible error in judgement in leaving my husband and that I've just assured myself that I'm going to die alone.  Which makes me wonder, "Why should I bother?"  It's pretty clear that I'm a worthless human. 

Thanks for reading, if you did.