I don't know if I can actually fix things nowI've tried to draft what I wanted to submit here a few times, but every time it ends up too long and a bit confusing so here's my attempt at a short version. 

The vast majority last 5 and a half years of my life (bar a small respite in the middle where things started looking up) have been spent at home alone. The first two years of this I did absolutely nothing but stay at home, angry and depressed and I picked up a stupid cutting habit which has left me with impossible to explain arm scars. 
Things picked up a bit when I got a nice, non judgmental girlfriend who convinced me to start uni but after we split in 2007 things just declined and I think I'm in an even worse place than before. The only place I go is uni and I only go once a week (next semester I will be only going for in two hours on a Thursday morning). I have never made any friends, I feel isolated because of the cuts on my arms (I have to catch myself if I roll up my sleeves), I normally look sick and exhausted because I spend so much time inside, and I'm gay so I often feel like I'm sitting on the outside of things, and that people would end up hating me anyway if I got to know them. 

This started just after I graduated from high school so I’ve never had a job. I’m 23 now and every single job is either not going to take me because I’m too old, or requires experience. I will be graduating at the end of next semester with a distinction average (I think my GPA is around 3.6) and I know nobody’s going to employ me. I’m never going to stack up against other applicants. The only constructive thing I’ve done in the last 3 years is going to go completely to waste. 

Everything is a mess. If I want to go for a walk or to drop something off in the post box I only feel confident enough to go and do it in the dead of night because nobody is around and looking. The idea of counselling is distressing; I wouldn’t know how to go about it even if I could get up the courage to book an appointment. Moments when I feel incredibly distressed and depressed are rapidly increasing till more than twice a day, and my safety net of distractions at home is falling apart. I feel trapped, I’ve tried but I can’t get on with my life.

I’m not even sure if that made sense or anything, I’m not feeling that good right now but thanks for reading. 
