I can't keep going like this.Might as well give some context, I'm at the end of my rope. Since I was fourteen I've been feeling suicidal and while there were times that I felt better they were very brief. The thoughts went away when I was sixteen and returned when I was eighteen, then they went away for a few months when I was nineteen and came back when I was twenty.

I'm tired of the loop and I suppose, now that I'm in this corner of the web I might as well provide some context. Long story short abusive childhood due to a shitty, psychotic "dad", followed by bullying and by bullying I don't mean simple name-calling I mean it was pretty bad. My life was threatened on two occasions and I was used as a human punching bag almost every day of the week while the school supported the behavior. When my mother actually pulled me out of that school they phoned her talking about "Poor Stephen", Stephen being the future serial killer who was one of many people in that school that made life there pretty shitty.

When I was in primary school it was my escape from an abusive parent so I was weighed down from two abusive environments and developed depression at the age of fourteen. Yay for me.

I left my abusive "dad" at sixteen and two years later failed my exams in college due to not being able to take the pressure mixed with the fact that I felt my life was going in the wrong direction due to his poisonous influence leading me down a path I didn't even want to be on. 

Oh also when I was seventeen going on eighteen I entered an abusive relationship that lasted a year where she convinced me that suicide was an answer. Top this off with her girlfriend (that being the person she left me for) sabotaged the next relationship I was in and just recently harassed me on social media telling me that I was a complete monster.

Seems by her logic I became super duper suicidal for no reason and was the abusive one. Yay. 

Mix this with a family that thinks I lied about the abuse, friends stabbing me in the back or shutting me out of their lives when I need them and two partners leaving me when I chose to open up about the abuse and how I felt and you have a bit of a mess.

But wait, it gets better.

I am terrified of intimacy and my biggest ever fear is having kids as I'm afraid of being an abusive phycopath and breaking someone as even though I spent my entire life trying not to be my father I'm still frightened of it and sometimes I can even hear his voice. 

When I turned 20 in March I took some time to reflect on my life and myself as a person only to find out just how messed up I was in the head and with life in general. Since then I've been getting worse.

Therapy is off the table as due to cutbacks (thanks, David Cameron I hope you die from pig-related AIDS) there is zilch in terms of mental health services and the NHS is in shambles. I was told I had "circumstantial depression" when I went for help and just told to "improve my situation" 

I have been to three different GPs, all the charities in my country (Northern Ireland) that relate to abuse only deal with women, children and people that were abused by institutions like the church, helplines are just the worst and private therapy would cost me from 50-80 quid not per session but per hour. 

That's something I can't afford with my job and I would rather die in the comfort of my own home by my own hands than die of starvation in the streets of Belfast. 

I'm tired of fighting my depression, I'm tired of fighting the nightmares and the relapses and the fear that comes from the abuse.

I'm just about done but I suppose the reason I'm posting here is becuase there's still a part of me that wants to fight. Maybe it's just self-preservation kicking in again, I don't know for sure. 