I don't know how much longer I can hold on, I need help all I can think about is suicide.I've had depression all my life, it's gotten worse lately and I just read my dad a letter I wrote. He got mad about the letter and is now saying that I'm making his stress worse and feel like he thinks differently of me now. I don't know what to do I want to die. I just need help. I will copy and paste the letter j read to him. 

I don't understand why God choose me to have depression. Maybe he thinks I am strong and can handle it or maybe it is a test to see if I can overcome it. I do believe that I was born with it, that nothing I did caused it. And nothing you or mom did caused it. 

My depression feels as if I am drowning in a swimming pool, and there are people around me swimming even though I am drowning and they see me nobody is going to save me.

My depression got 100% worse when papa got sick and died. No matter how much I try I cannot overcome his death. I no longer cry about him being dead but because of my depression it makes it very difficult to forget and move on.   It made me feel as if I could no longer be strong for not only myself but my family. I had my suicide planned for December 10th 2011. I had stocked up well in advance in sleeping pills that morning I took all the pills I had but than realizing what I had just done I forced myself to throw them all up. 

Now this is going to sound stupid and childish but when Papa died skittles was the one that helped me stay calm. It's as if he could sense my emotions. When I was depressed and crying he would come to me and stay by my side until I calmed down. 


Even though I am on anti-depressants now I still have my good and bad days. On my good days I am happy, I am Charlotte but on my bad days I don't even recognize myself, on the bad days all I can think about is death and how when it is done I will be with papa and skittles once again. 

I have had several suicidal thoughts since but I haven't had any more attempts. On my bad days the only thing that saves me from completing suicide is Marijuana. It makes me happy and makes me forget about my depression, it doesn't exist while I am on marijuana. I know you view it as a drug but I don't. I cannot view something as a drug that is keeping me normal and saving me each time from suicide. It is my medication. 

I have so much respect for you that I don't do it at the house. However I feel like each time I come home from brandts that I am lying to you. I hate how I have to go over there just so I can be happy and normal again. I know how you used to use it and I am not at all using that as a way for you to agree to this but I need you to be okay with me using it in the backyard if none of the neighbors are outside. I don't want to go behind your back and against your rules but this is truly something that I need. 