Falling out of popularityHey folks. I'm not sure how to format this so I'll just spew words here. It'll sound weird on account of my ADHD and struggle to communicate this stuff. 

I'll start this in saying that I do my best to make everyone smile. I never find myself smiling but I'll force one to help make others happy. I'll bust my ass to make sure someone feels better if they're down. I won't be overbearing about it, but I'll always be there for them. People liked me for my sense of humor and being quick on my feet with jokes. I was popular around the school for various reasons, some being my constant efforts to help people, my passion in my beliefs, my video gaming skills (yeah, not sure how that got me any points but it did lol), and my participation in politics and theatrical clubs. I would always fight to make sure everyone was happy or at least in a better situation than they were before. I'm told I give really good advice and helped people out. 

I'm in my senior year of high school. Something has changed. My upperclassmen friends are out of school and too busy to see me often. My in grade friends have pushed me out of their circles, not aggressively, but passively. Underclassmen just don't like me much. I used to have people regularly seek me out and talk to me. My girlfriend left me just a day or so ago, which made me realize how truly alone I was in the school without her. I reach out to people with lukewarm reception. The freshman are following the words of seniors who have never spoken to me and now I can hardly walk through any of their classes without getting called a faggot. 

Something to note about me is that I have ADHD. Combined with depression, it means my negative thoughts are constantly floating around my head. No distractions, just a constant flow of self loathing. It makes relaying my problems difficult and it makes it hard to seek help. I'm no stranger to suicide attempts, but I always stopped myself as of late because too many people relied on me. 

Well, now nobody relies on me. Wherever I try to make someone smile or help people feel better they are just bothered. Being a nuisance to people is one of the worst things I could ever be. I talk to people who I've been friends with for years and they're always coincidentally busy. Social media shows them out having a good time, and I know when to take a hint. It sounds like I'm some non-understanding asshole, but it's been a constant trend I've observed this year, even during all of summer. I've found out that I bother a lot of people and am just a general nuisance. People always just put up with me.

I've got a lot of dreams. I want to be a politician (yeah, I know, I probably should be dead already with a dream like that.) and to change the country and perhaps even world into a better place. My end goal is to be a senator. I want to have as many people as I can in the country smile. I want to fight for what I believe in and make a positive impact.

Well, after finding out I've been bothering everyone in my school this year in one way or another, the only positive impact I could probably make is a bullet in my head. Seriously, I don't know it I'm coming off like a selfish prick here , I'm trying to explain myself but I'm just typing words and they're all over the place. Goddamnit. 


I walk into school and other social functions and I realize. I finally realize what it's like to truly have *nobody.* And that hurts beyond words for someone who's main goal is to make people happy. Hell, it hurts for anyone. College is going to be no different as it's in the same county. 

I've always been cruelly hard on myself. I never give myself credit. I am the first to help anyone, and last to help myself. When asked for positives on myself I find myself always wondering.

As for my family , I've been a disappointment to them for years. I love my dad so much, and he works so hard, but I can't remember the last time he's complimented me or told me he was proud of me. Dead serious. My mom nearly bled to death having me when I was born, and I wish every day I could just give all of that back. She is always frustrated with me and I once overheard her talking to my older sister about how she worries if I'll succeed at all. My older sister is like a best friend to me. She and I always joke around and have great trust in one another. Now however, I've just been a thorn in her side. Shes clearly annoyed with me as of late. My little sister has autism. People make fun of her and I feel something my jolly, relaxed self never feels too often; genuine anger. She went to a summer camp this summer and told a counselor that her big bro was "never there for her". I fight hard to make sure she's safe in her first year of high school, but I fall woefully short. I'm the end of nearly every joke in the family and not taken seriously often. I've always been unnaturally good with animals and my dogs sleep on my bed every night. They follow me into every room and mirror my every motion. They nearly topple me every time I walk in. But I wonder if the two of them only like me because I'm the one that feeds them. If someone else had the job I'd be quickly forgotten probably.

At work I'm not well liked, I always ask about things because I want to be sure the job is done well, despite the fact that I'm Essentially a garbage man for a grocery store. The church people tolerate me but only like my humor. I'm a nobody otherwise. I am a Christian and I hope Jesus still forgives me if I squander the gift he's given me, life. I never pray for myself, only for others.

I'm not sure where I'm going with all of this. I'm usually so much more eloquent but I'm in school and just alone as all hell. The thoughts won't leave and I've lost so much ot my drive. I wish I could communicate this stuff better like I can communicate politics stuff for the school politics union. But instead I just sound like a ranting lunatic here. I've let everyone down as of late and can't make anyone happy like I used to. My upperclassmen buddies I mentioned are probably better off without the baggage of someone who is losing relevance fast and who's regularly just caused them issues. Really, I've probably done nothing of note for anyone no matter how hard I try. I don't tell people much about this as I don't want to be tossed into some institution. 

I'll end this with an apology, I'm sorry you guys had to read this nonsense. I'll probably be much more eloquent and make much more sense in the comments. I'm really sorry. 

EDIT: reading this over, it really is a bunch of gobbledygook. Nobody has to reply if it doesn't make enough sense. Sorry for the mess.