Just suicidalIn a bad bout of depression and struggling to cope. I feel so alone. Every day it gets worse. I'm out of control and hurting others with my state of mind. I can't remember shit. I want to disappear. I've developed anorexia just when I thought everything was on the verge of being appropriately diagnosed and treated. I hate who I am as a person. Even the things I love are losing interest for me. What's the point? Why should I bother continuing? I hurt people time and time again, so is it morally better to hurt a few people immeasurably than to hurt many people immensely? 

I want to give up. There's no joy in life any more, again. Every single time I think I'm doing okay somebody turns around and says I've hurt them somehow, over something I didn't realise was a problem, and it crushes me. I don't know what to do or how to keep living like this. No matter how hard I try to change it happens time and time again.

I care about other people a lot, but I'm awful at showing it consistently. Everybody who I've hurt tells me I'm selfish and disrespectful and manipulative. The last one confuses me, because I don't have any motive to manipulate - it implies I do things for some kind of personal gain, but I can't think of a single time I've actively, wilfully used anybody for anything. How can I come across that way?

I'm homeless and poor as dirt but still buy things for people and share all my stuff and give things away. I don't want anything in return, I just like seeing people smile. I go out of my way to try and help and offer constructive advice and solutions when things go wrong in my friend's lives. I offer to be there if anybody needs or wants to talk. All I want to do is help people be happy and all I actually do is fuck up, and I don't know how or why.

It's a bitch that I can't even cry over it. I manage maybe a sob or two once every three months. Right now I just feel numb and dissociated from the world.

I'd like an escape. Drugs are the easy one, but I'm broke and can't be off my face all the time if I want to get anywhere in life. Even on days like this I make myself come to classes and take notes, even when I'm switched off and not learning at all.

I want to have a happy life, and good friends, and a nice degree in biochem with a cushy research post for a university at the end of it all, but I don't know if I can make it that far. I want to give up now. Somewhere I read that we turn to suicide when the pain we experience is greater than the human capacity to handle said pain. I feel too close to that threshold right now.