I have nothing and no one, feel nothing but sadness and pain all of the time.I don't really want to die, but death seems like a better and more comfortable choice than living anymore.

I feel absolutely nothing except sadness, anger, and hurt anymore.  It doesn't go away, it just gets worse and worse.  No one wants me, no one's ever wanted me.  My entire life people have shit on me and treated me as sub-human.  Something about seeing me just drives people into mean-spirited rage.  I don't know why - I've been told I'm a nice person and that I'm at least somewhat attractive by the few people who do talk to me.  I don't have bad hygiene or anything like that - through and through I'm your typical 25 year old with nothing particularly different about him.

I can't make friends, no matter how hard I try.  Nobody likes me.  The most I get are people who lie to me about liking me until they get whatever it was that they wanted and then they're gone - both friendships and romantic relationships alike.

My roommate doesn't do *anything* and she makes friends left and right.  She starts up a profile on OKcupid or something like that and gets bombarded.  I do anything and I get absolutely ignored.  I don't know what is wrong with me, but I'm getting sick of this loneliness.

What's the point in staying in a world where I'm unwanted?  I can't deal with this hurt anymore.  I can't even find the motivation or pleasure in doing the few activities I used to find solace in anymore.  I can't be creative anymore. I can't do anything anymore.  I'm just in pain and sad all of the time.  The only people who talk to me are those who lead me on for a few days and then disappear, and even those people are rare.

My depression has turned on my job as well, which I don't feel I'm doing particularly well anymore.  I should be happy with this job, even though it's not what I wanted to do with my life, as it's certainly the best job I've ever had, but it makes me even more miserable.  There is simply nothing that brings joy into my life anymore.  Everything makes me hurt.  People hurting me intentionally makes me hurt, obviously, which is now compounded by the jealousy I feel when I see other people who are happy and have everything going for them.  What makes them so much fucking better than me?  I've worked my fucking ass off my entire life to be happy - why do they just get it handed to them??

I'm so fucking sick of this life of being absolutely unwanted no matter what.  I'm tired of being life's punching bag.  I'm so sick of everything.
