Anything for attentionI’m a young guy that’s in high school who looks average I’m guess. 

For most of my life I’ve been a weird kid that always begged for attention. I didn’t have any friends and people who I talked to at school weren’t really my friends but more associates. I never hung out with anyone after school and spent my summers by myself. My parents never gave me any attention as a child (obviously) and they still don’t. For most of that time I’ve always been happy, or maybe I wasn’t I don’t exactly remember. All my life I would get in trouble of doing dumb stuff, I would get suspended for making racist jokes, distracting the class, or people would accuse me of doing something when I didn’t do it. 

(I would skip over this part, it’s mostly a rant about my parents) My parents cared what I did, but I’m a way that they won’t get in trouble. Like they wouldn’t let me go to parties (I know this contradicts my point, but I’ll explain later) they wouldn’t get me anything for Christmas, they would punish me by taking my stuff away, or make me sit outside. And when I ask when I can get something back or go inside they would say “I’ll think about it” and would never tell me how long or give me a time If that makes sense. If I wanted to go somewhere and asked them while they were watching their show, they would yell at me to go away. I would say their abusive, but I’m sure some part of them cared a very little bit. 

My last year of middle schools rolls around, I get some popular friends, I’m still really weird at this point but I start learning from them on how to be normal. I’m still very attention seeking and  I still have problems controlling it to this day.

By this point, I’m starting to realize how much my life sucks. A lot of people still don’t like me but these friends start defending me and it means a lot to me. My friends have girlfriends and they’re going out and smoking weed and skinny dipping and while I’m in my room, browsing YouTube and being jealous of what they’re doing. 

A few years go by and I loose all those friends because I fucked up bad and there’s no way of fixing it. Those people hate me and I don’t have anyone left. I’ll stay in my room watching these people hanging out and doing fun stuff on their Snapchat’s stories. Seeing people go to the beach on my instagram and while I’m in my room, doing nothing.

My grades are really bad, I don’t have any friends, my parents are kicking me out of the house as soon as I turn 18. I can’t control my attention seeking personality. And I’m super fucking retarded (by which you can tell by the spelling errors and stuff not making sense on this post) and I have no future.

I got a taste of what having friends feels like and that being stripped away from me feels horrible.  I have no future and I might as well end my life now and spare my pain that I would deal with in the future. And maybe get a lot of attention from my school that I killed my self, or maybe no one will care. Because I’ll do anything for attention.

If you have any questions or you’re really confused (which you probably are) please ask and I’ll try my best to answer them.

