Thoughts are starting to come back.Hey Reddit. Sorry for the wall of text.

Recently, the past 2 weeks or so, the thought of suicide has become far stronger than I've ever felt before. I'm scared that I will end up doing it, as dramatic as it sounds. I've come close before, written the notes and driven to a bridge, but just couldn't follow through. That time though the thoughts weren't this strong. I'm scared to tell anyone, I don't want them to worry about me. 

I've been in emotionally and physically abusive relationships since about 15. I was trapped in them, and everyone I went to about it shrugged me off and told me to stop being a wimp. My best friend believed the guys' lies over my truths. I lost loads of friends because of lies my ex told. I feel so lovely. 

I currently am with a wonderful guy, totally understanding, of what I have told him so far. He lives with one of my ex's though, which makes it hard to forget what he did. I haven't told my boyfriend the full extent though. So I don't blame him for still being friends with the guy. 

My dad left when I was 7, and since then I have run the house. My mother has done so much for me,and I don't want to sound ungrateful for any of that. She just puts too much pressure on me. I do all the bills/upkeep/legal stuff. She works two jobs to keep us afloat though. My dad pretty much has no interest in my life, only my brothers. 

My two brothers have Aspergers. I'm pretty much responsible for how their lives turn out. I have to find them jobs, or find college or whatever for them. 

I suffered paranoia in the past, believing people were going to kill me. I finally told my mum about it, and she just shrugged it off. There's been many situations like that, especially with the relationships in the past that she just ignored and told me she didn't want to hear about it. I just feel like I give my family so much. I don't see people, don't have time to myself, so I can provide for them. I work two jobs and college, which in itself is a lot to cope with. Even when they see me too tired to think they just ask for more. 

There's other things, but I just don't see a way out. I've told them how it makes me feel and that I can't cope, but they just don't care. The thought of ending all of this is becoming so great. I really can't see a way out anymore. Since I was 7 I've been telling them I can't keep being the dad in the house, but they just don't care. I don't know how to fix this. Please help me before I do something stupid. I just need to find a way out of this. 

Thank you for reading this.