You all lied. It doesn't get betterHello, If you don't mind, I suppose I need to vent a tad bit. I don't feel like using a throw away account. Why bother?

Before I go on, I want to say that I am a 20 year old MtF transsexual. I guarantee because I am, everyone will just dismiss this and go hurdur ur a fag and deserve this. I guess I do. Anyways, recently I have been noticing how alone and worthless I am. I work a menial part time job and get shitty hours, I've tried getting more and even another job. I am in college - I failed my first year and now I go to a community college taking two classes on web design. Every day is the same thing. I wake up, go on the computer, shower, go on the computer and sleep. Eating of course too. I am always wearing my pajamas since I know I never go out other than to work or school.
As for my friend situation, I hardly have any. Yes, I have a facebook with friends but they were from high school and I hardly talk to them. My two good friends I actually do something with are both dating so I feel like I am a third wheel. When I am at home, I talk online to two friends which live in England (I am in the United States). I never met them, but I've known them for several years and would love to meet them. Unfortunately, I am as broke as you can be. Even with a job and living with my parents, I still don't make enough and I don't have much time to get a second job.

I've grown very negative and hateful towards people to the point where I hate everyone. I am almost certain that there are no good people in the world since all I am is shit to them. In my only relationship, I dated a girl who lived one hour away and I hardly saw her. I was lucky enough to lose my v-card but that was at least 4 years ago. The relationship only lasted less than a month. In the mean time, I got friend-zoned countless times. Rejection after rejection. I know I am unworthy to be a partner for anyone. Then again, who would want to be? I'm hated and ugly. Now, I never bother. I know for a fact nobody would like me. As said before, I'm sure there are no good people in the world and even if they were, they wouldn't be nice to me.

I refuse to go back to a therapist, get new meds, or go to a hospital. I've done that all before. Countless changes to medication, new therapists because the previous one isn't 'good enough'. I also refuse to go because it all costs money and I don't have any.

Quite frankly, I am sad. It's my fault since I can't do anything in my life. I am broke, lonely, ignored, hated, and plain laughed at. I've attempted suicide before will most likely try it again. It's not like I am important. I've been told it gets better. I've waited and tried and tried and done so much and it really doesn't. Then again, nobody will read this and even care.

So yeah, I'm at the end of my rope and I'm probably going to just finish the job again.

I also can guarantee that a week from no, none of you will even remember me or this post at all. If I actually do kill myself, nobody really would give a shit here, or really anywhere else.


**Edit:** I've thought about it and I will give myself a month to get my shit together. If nothing seems to be going for the good, I guess I might just have to finish the job with myself