The strength, willpower, and determination are all but gone.First off, let me say that I am not considering ending my own life.  However, if it were to happen due to disease, accident, or anything else, I'd welcome death with open arms.

This world is rotten to the core.  I hate what humantiy does to itself.  People disgust me.  From religious extremists to atheists responding with their own brand of hate, there's never anyone who just says "Look, we need to learn to coexist and love each other despite opposing views."  Everything is about "the other side must be eradicated" and it's just pathetic.

We slave our lives away while the government takes nearly half of our income.  Even though we work hard, we can barely afford to get by.  The idea of buying a home or having children while staying out of debt is a complete joke.

Meanwhile, as adults the best days of our lives are behind us.  The memories of childhood, family get-togethers, vacations, and feeling of freedom and joy are squashed by dying family members, never-ending debt, and job-layoffs.  There's no winning in this world.  Not ever.

When I was a kid, I used to sit outside and stare at the stars in our backyard while my father talked with my uncle about random stuff.  I always assumed I'd be a part of those conversations one day.  Now they're all dead, and the stress and worry of life has taken any and all joy out of even simple things like stargazing.

I just don't want this life.  I don't.  I've accomplished nothing, contributed nothing, and not a damn person would care if I died.  Even my fiance always seems to be upset with me for something else.  I always manage to say something wrong because I am completely socially inept, then I end up having to apologize profusely.  The only other people I have left in my life are my mother and sister who live on the other side of the country now.  I see them once a year, and they're getting along just fine without me.  

If I had a heart attack right now, I wouldn't be missed by anyone.  No one would know I was here, and no one would know I was gone.

I hate life.  I hate living.  I hate this world.  I hate every aspect of my exsitence.  I want out.

I want to go home.