Suicide NoteAfter months of fighting, dozens of suicide attempts. I feel like I'm no good to anyone.
In this moments before my departure I feel more clarity.
We think clearly when we are suicidal, it's not the other way around, no. The world frowns upon people who commit suicide, calling them selfish and coward, telling them they are wrong to do so. They grief once the person is no longer alive after taking them for granted when they were alive. They blame us for not seeking help, little do they know just how difficult of a battle we fight every single second of the day. Some people end up winning and some losing. Sadly I'm on the latter side. I am going to miss you all so much but I just had to go I just had to I cannot explain to you guys why but I just had to go. Dad please find the note sent to your email. I am so sorry but I tried my best to hang on, I tried suffering silently I tried screaming my heart out however I could, but I couldn't do it anymore, I just couldn't handle feeling like I'm nothing. I have had all these thoughts piled up inside my head that I can't even think anymore. Look at it this way, this is what I wanted, to leave behind everyone and everything, to be liberated from the pain and suffering. I am not insane. I did blame you all for making me drown and leading me to the point of no return. There were a lot of things you all weren't supposed to do, but you did. I just stopped to think about what I did to myself but I don't regret it. You see no matter how much I try to explain myself it won't do justice, and no one will understand it. I battled alone, cried myself to sleep every night, cried alone on solitude, locked myself in washroom for hours just to sit there crying motionlessly. Not being able to even lift up my hand to wipe my tears. So please be strong for me. Reminisce the fond memories and know that it will be alright. I guess there is not much more to say. My futile attempts by overdose left me no choice but to change my methods, if all else fails.

Just wanted to make this public apart from sending an email to own self. One day it might be discovered and give closure to the people connected to me.