For 2 years now I've been slitting my wrist with a knife, and now I just want the pain to stop. I want to die.So here's my life story. At least, some details of it that are slightly relevant to why I want to die. 

Education: I'm currently 18, and I'm a freshman in college. Did dual enrollment for two semesters, first semester got 2 A's, next semester I started trailing off. Got an F, C, B, B. First semester of actual college, I got a D, C, C-, A-. Halfway through this semester, I'm already prepared to receive at least 2 C's if I get lucky. One is almost certainly an F; I'll probably drop that one. Before college, I was homeschooled starting at 7th grade; I finished 6th in regular public school.

Religion: I was brought up in a Christian home ever since I was a baby. Christianity has played a huge role in forming my permanent guilt-ridden conscience. I'm always putting myself down for not being good enough, for not being able to overcome certain "temptations" and whatnot. My mind tells me, "porn is a way for you to enjoy yourself once in a while. Everyone watches it, it's perfectly normal. Indulge yourself once in a while, detach yourself from your shitty life and just forget everything else." It's a way for me to block out all the negative emotions that have been stored in the innermost parts of my memory. Meanwhile, my conscience tells me, "you shouldn't be doing these things. It's wrong and you know it. You need to stop. If you're unable to control yourself, you're nothing but a hypocrite. You go to church and sing and pray, but really you're just a hypocrite. You don't deserve to be here in the church, you don't deserve to be loved, you don't deserve to be happy."

Family Relationship (oh boy, here we go): In a nutshell, my relationship with my family is the driving force that keeps putting me in my bathroom with a big-ass knife in my hand, slowly pushing it towards my arm and gently scratching the surface of my skin with it. I've already created some scars on my left arm, which I keep hidden with my watch. When the injuries were fresh, I told my mom (I accidentally let her see it) that it was a burn. I don't really think she bought it, but she didn't ask me any more questions. My mom is genuinely sweet. She's kind, smiles a lot, wakes up every morning singing happily and generally being the only reason why I'm still alive; because of her love. But now, it's not enough to stop me anymore.

My younger brother (age 13 right now) is responsible for fueling my hate. I am filled with hate and rage at everything, and he's the biggest contributor. He annoys me on a daily basis; disrespecting my belongings, rummaging through my phone regularly, defaming me by harassing me in public, knowing I won't do anything about it in front of others, etc. Because of the way I was brought up, I cannot lay a finger on him. I can't hit him. But he does whatever he wants while I have my hands tied. Sure, my mom "disciplines" him, but it doesn't do shit. He will just continue. I've honestly had murderous intent towards him several times. I kept myself from acting on those thoughts because of my fear of jail. I don't want to throw away my life just to end his. #notworth

My father is the dictator figure of the house. To me, he is a stranger. He is nothing to me aside from being my financial provider. This has to do with my failing grades; he is always pressuring me to do well in school. I bring home an A: good job. I expected it. Bring home an F: shame on you. I'm paying your tuition, just for you to throw it out the trash? What do you think I work my ass off for? (Paraphrasing, but this is the vibe he gives off with his attitude, body language and tone of voice as he speaks to me at the end of the semester when I present my horrid grades) I am tormented by the overbearing pressure, but over the last year or so, I've become numb. To everything. I no longer feel happiness. I feel hated, despised, rejected, alone, like a failure, embarrassment. But I've felt these negative emotions to such a powerful degree, for such a long time, that I've created an emotional barrier; like my mind doesn't want to have to deal with the pain. I don't visibly explode or lash out when I'm angry anymore, I am calm and very composed in most situations. I've become numb.

One thing I've been considering lately was to try to land a good, well-paying job asap and move out. Without finishing college. I don't have the money to both support myself as well as pay for tuition.

So basically my options are: kill myself, move out, or continue living in torment until I die of heart attack or something from stress. Lol.

Not like anyone will see this post under such a ghost town of a subreddit, but I just wanted to get this out. 