Its all downhill in the endMy father is a shitty person. One of my earliest memories was him shouting and hitting my mum. I try to defend her but he always shouts at me too. My mum does nothing only because she wouldn’t be able to support us alone. I have domed my mother to a shitty life. I grew up fighting with my dad everyday minute everyday. My country is full of shitty minded people. I was hurt by everyone in my birth country. I don’t have a home. I don’t feel safe. I managed to get into an exchange program and escaped to eu. But now i came back and everything is worse now. Even when i was in the eu all the history all the suffering. I wasn’t okay i still had scars. But now i am back I cannot take it anymore. My hair started falling more and more. I can’t breath.  I can’t talk. I am always close to crying. But i always hide it. No one knows how much i am suffering. I don’t have any positive thing back in my birth country. I refuse to call it my home country because I don’t have a home. I don’t have a safe place to stay. My father things that i am a spoiled fruit that should be thrown out. I don’t care what he things anymore. I just want to go away. I can’t do this anymore and I can’t go back to the eu as I don’t have the money or a visa. I am so skinny right now. My body is always aching. I am always forgetting stuff. I don’t find joy in anything. I stopped hoping to be happy along time ago. I just wanted to be okay. And even in the eu I wasn’t. And now its way worse. I lost hope in being even okay. The whole place is shitty. And to make everything worse I don’t have the money to go to a therapist. There is no hope. I tried. I was born in shit and i tried for years. But i am all out of energy and I cannot do this anymore. My friends were the only family i had. But they cannot help me anymore. They are amazing but i am just done. Nothing works out. And its not worth it even if it can get better I cannot wait for it anymore. I am sorry but i just want peace. I want to feel okay.