destroying myself on purpose but too afraid to die.  I've been reading y'all's stories for a few days now, and it's convinced me to finally make a reddit account so I can tell my (very pathetic) story.


  When I was around 12, I was diagnosed with ADHD and put on medication for it. This medication, Vyvanse, is really good at killing your appetite. I have... a bit of an eating disorder so I quickly became obsessed with the meds. I still only eat one meal a day at best, and I love it.


  The downside to Vyvanse is that when it wears off, it makes me EXTREMELY depressed and suicidal. After a while though, I developed this weird masochistic appreciation for it. Like my eating disorder made me decide it was best to purposely find something to make me suicidal. I lost so much weight with the meds that the only thing to do now is get rid of my body completely. My eating disorder isn't about losing weight to look pretty, in fact, I think I'm adorable. My eating disorder is about wanting to get rid of my body. I don't want to have a body, I guess... Am I making any sense? I knew I'd be ok without the meds. I knew I could get help and live my life happily. But I didn't want to have hope. I wanted to suffer and die.


  You can often see me cringing. People point it out sometimes. I literally cannot help but cringe at the thought that I'm a human being that exists. I hurt myself a lot too. I used to cut, but I've gotten bored of that. I like banging my head against stuff, mostly. (Stupid, I know.) I feel like if I hit myself over the head hard enough, my soul or whatever will come loose and I won't have to live in this flesh prison anymore. I remember once I slammed my head in a very heavy drawer and everything went black. God, it was blissful. 


  I've tried recovering multiple times. I've tried throwing the meds out and looking for help. But the problem is, I EAT when I'm not on them. I EAT a TON, and I can't have that. I can't I can't I can't I can't.


  I've tried reaching out to people, but I can't connect with anyone. I'm disgusted by the idea of telling my family, and I only have two friends, but I don't feel comfortable around them. There's no one. I just can't form meaningful relationships with anyone and I can't talk to anyone.


  So recovery is out of the question. I have to kill myself. I've spent all this time purposely making myself suicidal, and it's gotten to the point where the thought of the sun rising tomorrow morning brings me to hysterical tears. I've only tried killing myself once. I found the key to my father's gun cabinet and took out his pistol. I sat on the floor, asked the Lord for forgiveness, and then put the gun to the roof of my mouth.


  I got a horrendous image of the way my head would fold open when the gun went off. I dropped the gun and cried harder than I had ever cried in my life. I've never been that scared before.


  The only thing more pathetic than purposely making yourself depressed and suicidal, is purposely making yourself depressed and suicidal and not being able to pull the trigger.


  I'm 16 now. I'm 5'5 and weigh 105lbs, which is a lot for me. I'm still on my meds and still depressed just like I wanted to be, but I know I won't kill myself. I'm sorry if this is a spit in the face to anyone. I know it's horrible and pathetic and disgusting to ruin yourself this much on purpose. I'm still hurting myself in the hope that I'll toughen up and finally end it.


  I'm sorry that this is so long and confusing. I've never really had anyone to talk to. It's a weird situation, too. I guess it needed a lot of explaining.