I'm Trying To Be Good.. It All Seems To Be Going Bad.Hey, /r/suicidewatch. I think I'll feel better typing this down, mainly looking for some advice, or even just some feel-good vibes if I do end up posting this.

So, everything just feels like it's trying to push me down. I'm all for pushing on through pain to be better for it, but all the bullshit is hitting home.

My partner, soon-to-be spouse.. She loves me with all her heart, and me her, but she claims I'm too distant. She's right, no matter how I justify it- I don't put forth the effort to keep in contact with her.. It's not that I can't, I don't know if I'm afraid to, knowing she could die at any moment (health issues, I may be being dramatic) or what, but I just.. Don't. And it kills me to know I could hurt someone so important to me like that.

I keep getting my immediate boss in shit.. It's not even in my control- fuck, today I went to a dental appointment, and one of my co-workers was wondering where I was. All of the higher ups in the department knew, but he had to tell his boss I wasn't there... His boss called mine and more or less chewed her ass for not knowing where I was, or something. It doesn't matter- This is the third time she's had to take it for me, and I feel fucking terrible. It's like me just existing is hurting her every chance it gets.

And.. I don't know. I'm sick of hurting people. Recently, I was gettng a patient ready for a CT scan. She was having abdominal pain, but keeping it together. Made the mistake of asking what brought her here- "I think I'm having a miscarriage", and she breaks down to pieces. What the fuck do I say to that? I know that one was out of my control even moreso, but the pain on her face when she told me crushed me a bit.

My family's saying I'm becoming more distant, wishing I would call more.. Saying it hurts when I don't stay in touch... Work hours and lack of sleep, I know, is not a good excuse at all. But it's the one I use. Why? I wish I knew. 

There's more, but.. It just amounts to I'm tired of hurting people. I'm probably overthinking everything, but it's all piling up. I know hurting myself won't fix anything, and I don't intend to try to see if it will. Never saw the point in suicide, either.. But tonight on my drie home, it was pouring rain, roads are slick, and lots of curves on the highway home.. I was thinking of it all, and I found myself taking curves that should be handled at 50 at a way-too-fucking-fast 95. 

It scared me thinking what I almost unconciousy did. 

I'm parked at my apartment now, just wanted to put this out there. I'm almost at my wit's end thinking about everything. Need advice.