Failing suicide for years. Was sure it would work tonight but my body keeps failing meI've had depression on and off since I was about 12. Just before I was 21 I had a motorbike crash where I sustained a severe brain injury. I now have permanent brain damage, a frontal lobe syndrome, where I struggle with so much stuff. I have no filter anymore and do the most stupid things. No one can tell I have a brain injury because I'm still very communicative, but I feel like a complete different person, who acts impulsively. I have ptsd, insomnia, mixed anxiety disorder and depression, which are now classed as chronic so my insurer are now refusing to further treat me.

No one understands how I feel. On the face of everything i apparently appear absolutely fine. I never talk to people about my brain because in the past I mentioned something and people just disregarded it and said I'm fine.

My mood swings are so severe that I go from such a high to an extreme low where I try (I think first, but usually always act) to kill myself. As a kid, when I didn't know much about suicide, I overdosed 4 times with pills (so naive) and ended up in hospital on watch. After my crash, when my brain changed, I was depressed for a long time and I tried to take my life several times. I downed a v large bottle of oramorph. Online, I drank 6 times the fatal dose, but again, I was incredibly stupid and decided to down the bottle instead of sporadically drinking it, so of course my body puked it all up straight away, and I was left very much alive but with my vision almost completely gone for several hours.

The closest point I ever got to, was where I tried to hang myself on the banister of my stairs. It was a low suspended drop. It was pretty painless, but just before I lost consciousness my body thrashed about and my leg reached back on to edge of the step to my right. 

I tried again tonight. A noose hanging from the loft steps, with suspended hang, but it's hurting this time and as my body begins to jolt I pull myself up. Why can't I just lose consciousness in 4 or 5 seconds like it says online? Also it hurts a lot this time. Not sure what to do, I want to end it but my body wont let me

