Reaching out.Don't know where to begin. I tried to get help before and it didn't work here's another shot.

I'm now a 23 year old girl. I was molested when I was 9, till I reached an age where I finally realized what my older brother was doing to me and started fighting, it stopped when I was 14. I didn't think much of it, I forgave him shortly afterwards and even if it's true what some people tell me that there must be damage deep inside, I can't consciously feel it right now. I didn't think much of it, and once I told my mother about it, she said that it's okay, and that I shouldn't make a big deal out of it. This is what scarred me, and it has a major role in how my relationship with my mother seized to hold any meaning and now we're just two women living together. 

Years that followed I completely lived for school. I was always happy and somewhat popular, engaged in all activities, when I got home I would sleep till all my family members are sleeping. Slowly from there point onward my sleeping schedule got completely screwed up. I just couldn't bare talk or socialize with any of my family members. Second year in high school I mix up between a school project CD and my brothers porn CD, being the extremely uptight religious school and after having it displayed in front of teachers and all my friends (and I wasn't there at the moment), they all frowned upon me and believed it was mine. I moved to another school, completely lost all of my friends, days would pass without talking to anyone my voice would be hoarse. A year later I met M, my first serious boyfriend. It was heaven for a year.

My father is a typical workaholic, also deeply and intensely a narcissistic. I know I had suffered from PTSD when I was 19, found out my mother was cheating and tried to protect her and cover up, fought with her boyfriend, found my father while he was preparing to commit suicide, my boyfriend started becoming physically abusive. The problems between my parents and feeling like I was responsible to hold my family together, since my two older siblings were always there, it's was what damaged me the most. Some might say it was not a lot, some tell me you've been through a lot more when you were younger, but this is what seriously fucked me up. I completely lost my identity, changed to someone just different than everything I am, didn't cry for 2 years because I was completely absent, I was so damaged I even started to have time gaps where I couldn't remember what I did, I'd find myself in bed ready to sleep and as much as I tried I wouldn't remember what I did that day, if people were with me they would tell me later on what I did but I truly couldn't recall any of it (most of them were fights with the scarce friends I had). After assisting my father out of depression he became extremely abusive, physically and emotionally. Things became even more awkward between me and mother after finding out about her infidelity and helping her through it. I tried to leave my boyfriend because he hit me but he was the only one who knew and almost understood what I was going through, he was the only one there. I would leave him for a couple of months or so and then get back to him. I went to a doctor and he told me I need serious help and gave me pills but I just didn't care at all, so much that I didn't even take the pills that he gave me. I was completely mind absent. I was completely numb and my body was a shell, all what was left me was the automated reactions, things I knew that mattered in the past.

I hurt many people through my "recovery", the abuse from my parents never stopped which didn't help, and if I tell them I need a doctor my mother would say she can't help in the expenses and my father would ridicule me for being the crazy bitch I am. I tried to recover on my own? The abuse from the boyfriend stopped. I felt like I was a person again, in control of my actions and anger, and even though I represented just a shadow of who I was before, I was more or less me again, just drastically different.

I graduated last June and I've been depending on my father since I can't find a job, which is very difficult. It's so painful to be forced to depend on someone that belittles you so much, tells me how much of a waste you are with every cent. I would invite myself over at friends houses just to have something to *eat*, before I would ask my father for food/money. I always look like shit because my clothes are shit which doesn't help at all with job hunting. 

After being completely satisfied and feeling secure in my relationship with my boyfriend, I found out last December that he's cheating on me. I took it as an opportunity to explore with girls, I'm not attracted to guys at all, it was just my boyfriend and now he's gone. No luck so far, I feel too damaged to be around people that seem to me very damaged as well. 

I always, I believe, have been the positive one. I'm easily motivated, easily entertained, and I easily forgive. I always wanted to explore and learn, I wanted to taste the world and experience life and everything good in it. I want to give and share love and help everyone around me. I am not depressed because I feel empty and I am not upset because I'm depressed and I don't know why, I don't think there's something wrong in *me* because of everything that I've been through, I know if I was given the chance I would be someone much better than I am right now, I'm just stuck here and I don't get even one day of rest from the abuse and the ridicule and the feeling of worthlessness everyone around me gives me, it goes on even when I'm sleeping I know it's still on. I don't easily give up, and I hate that I hate myself but I've been trained, raised and brainwashed to know that I'm worthless and disgusting, so much that I've finally given up, lost all hope, and it's time that I go away. I've given so much, I rarely had received anything in return, I valued it whatever I received, I always have let them givers know that I appreciate it, tried to give back, so I don't need to feel guilty about anything or anyone. I have no dues to pay, I have no responsibility to take. I just need to go, now. 