Just need someoneHi, 
I've never really felt this low. But I just need someone. Someone to talk to and listen. 
I'm 23. I have a normal boring life. I work full time. No real problems. My boyfriend and I have been together 5 years. We moved to a bigger new city on our own about 4 years ago. We have done well and gone through a lot together. Naturally we left our families (tho both very unstable) and our friends. We always said we would go home once a.month but once a month turned into once every 6 months. And now it's really only for Christmas. I knew starting over would be hard. When we first moved I was in college and thought I'd make a million friends and go out etc. But none of that happened. I found it difficult to meet people and keep friendships. Once I was done with school, all I did was work. I have "work friends". And I had a few friendships where we went out and hung out but they didn't last long. I am very much an introvert and need my alone time. Sometimes I feel like I have trouble relating to people. The last 2 years have been especially rough. All my friends back home barely remember me and don't text back. I have no one to talk to. If I'm not working I'm at home laying in bed. I don't even want to get dressed some days. I do have social anxiety with big groups and being afraid of talking to new people which has been the set back of all of this. I'm just so lonely. Like i feel it in my chest. Like so hollow and sad. My boyfriend and I have grown apart. No longer teenagers in love. We don't like the same anything anymore. We both have worked so much in the last few years to stay a float that we never went out on dates or were romantic. He doesn't get it. Years ago i tried to explain how lonely and sad I was and that sometimes I didn't even know why I was sad. But he doesn't understand and just shuts me down. All of the pressure is on me. He doesn't have his license so I drive him to and from work. He makes good money but I take care of the bills and make sure things are paid and caught up. I do the laundry and dishes and keep the house spotless. I know most depressed people can't even get out of bed to clean but I think I have ocd or somethi g because I have to clean. Things have to be organized and in their place or I can't think. I scrub and Lysol everything most days. There are things I would like to do. Like yoga and hiking and going to more concerts but it's like I make a plan but never follow through. I know it's all really me and my fault. Sometimes I want to text one of my old friends and tell them hey I really want to die sometimes and I'm so lonely but I fear I'll just be bothering them and they won't understand. My best friend committed suicide 5 years ago in April and we were supposed to move together and go to school but everything got the best of her. I know if she was here she would understand. I know that even if I had friends Idk if I would be a good one. I used to have a lot of friends and I was never home. I was always interacting with people. Idk what happened. Idk what changed me into this anti social awkward person that can't really care. Like at work people talk about their kids or their life. And if something bad happens others will hug them and what not. I just don't feel that for other people. But yet I'm dying for attention. Idk I'm so fucked up.. ugh. Well sorry for the rambling. But it's out now. 