ragequitI think you should tell me not to kill myself.  After all, it will hurt those who care about me, which would be tragic if they existed.  Maybe it gets better.  After all I am only 17, and there is so much to look forward to, except that I am over 40 and there isn't.  

I might find love tomorrow, unlike the previous 10,000 days in a row.  I could be held in someone's arms, like I was 37 years ago, by my mother in between sessions of beating and tormenting me, and not one time since.  I might be wanted, even though my own mother didn't want me and walked out without a word when I was 11, and no one has wanted me since.  There's always hope, right?

I might even have sex.  Of course, since I am a mental case whose dick doesn't work, I would just have to stock up on viagra and tranquilizers and find a hooker.  So that's something to live for.  

I think you should tell me how suicide is never the answer, then maybe go on about a stitch in time saving nine or never eating spinach with strangers, then once you have captured the world championship in drivel you can go jerk off in the corner thinking about how compassionate you are.  Or if you were really compassionate you could just shoot me yourself.  

If I were plummeting from the 80th floor and decided to shoot myself on the way down you would tell me I might find happiness around floor 37 so just hang on.  And the hell of it is, you don't even believe it yourself.  You say it because you are supposed to, and if anyone said anything else their post would be deleted anyhow.  You know as well as I do there is no point to my remaining alive another few years.  Just admit it for once, admit it to yourself at least.  You have no information past that which I have provided, and you doubt even that.  You think when I say 'never' I mean rarely or not enough.  You think when I say 'alone' I mean 'one of my friends didn't text me back' or 'I have trouble getting dates'.  You assume exaggeration, naturally, because people exaggerate a lot normally and even moreso when talking about how hard their life is.  But I mean what I say.  You are seeing a glass of water and I am talking about an ocean.  

There is hope for you.  It is an astonishing notion that other people aren't you, but I in fact am not.  Before you tell me not to kill myself, be aware you are telling me to endure more misery without any real hope of reward.  Why would you tell me that?  On countless battlefields throughout history men have been kind enough to end the suffering of their fellows who were mangled and shrieking.  I am mangled.  Just because I am quiet about it doesn't mean I deserve more of it.  

I will have peace.  Tomorrow, at last, I will have peace.