Everything feels fine, but not fine enoughIt's my first post on Reddit so hopefully I'm doing it right. English is not my native language.

I've struggled with depression my whole life, in a very irregular way. I'm constantly switching between feeling super fine and feeling depressed and suicidal for a long period of time, from 3 months to a year or so. My last depressive episode occured in the winter, I had a lot going on in my life, dropped my classes, lost my boyfriend, had to live at my dad's, in a very toxic environment. It was a lot to handle and I couldn't take it.

It's been 2 months since I've started considering myself healed and fine again. I'm not on meds anymore. I'm doing a lot of stuff, seing a lot of friends, travelling, started working as a freelance artist, living on my own again, in a city that I deeply love, being passionate again. I even have a crush on someone and he seems as interested as I am. I'm super active, getting stuff done, doing everything I can. It's honestly the first time a "good" episode feels that great. I'm pretty optimistic and positive in general.

Yet it just doesn't feel fine enough. I still have constant suicidal thoughts. Not because I'm unhappy, but because I'm not happy either. It feels great and all but I feel like there's no point. I don't have any reason for wanting to end it all, but I feel like what I have - what I should be grateful for - doesn't feel like a good enough motivation to keep going. I often find myself thinking that if I had an accident, it wouldn't matter. I wouldn't mind. I'll be glad. 
I wouldn't act on those thoughts, because I'm a rational being and I actually don't have any logical reason to do so, but I keep wondering if those ideas will actually go away someday. I feel like I'm missing a survival instinct somehow. Is there anybody that can relate to that feeling, or who could share any experience of recovering from depression? Does it go away, or will I have to content myself with that situation ?