Please help.Over the the last several days, I've been trying to convince myself to kill myself. I know this is idiotic and pointless, but I keep trying to convince myself anyway. 

I'm 26 and after going to college two times, I've finally earned my Bachelor's degree. I'm a college graduate! I have a GPA of 3.88! I should be happy, right? Meanwhile, I've been working fulltime and had a good amount of savings. I have an amazing boyfriend, a super cute dog, and an every day life that should make me happy. 

But it doesn't, because I'm shit. Every day, I experience social anxiety that makes me feel utterly incompetent.  I feel like I don't even know how to interact with people. Every few months, I have to help my mom pay bills because she can't take care of herself. It seems like everyone in my immediate family is crazy. Most of my cousins suffer from bipolar disorder, and my grandpa was schizophrenic. I hate thinking about that, because I don't want to blame my behavior on mental illness. Even if I'm mentally ill, I should be able to overcome this. 

In the last six months, the company I work for has completely fallen apart. Layoffs, leadership changes...you name it, it's happened. Each time someone leaves, I gain new responsibilities that I feel ill-equipped to handle. Meanwhile, I've been in school full-time to complete my Bachelor's degree after 8 years of shitty attempts. Last week, I completed my last class. And somehow, I feel even worse because I no longer have anything to work towards. 

I don't health insurance because I was lucky enough to be on my step mom's insurance until a month ago. 

The only good thing in my life if my dog and my boyfriend. He's the most stable thing in my life. The place we currently live is the longest I've lived in the same place since I was six years-old, and it's made me realize how much I value stability after a lifetime of chaos. But I haven't had sex with my boyfriend in four months, and I feel like he'll drop me at any second because I hate myself and have no self esteem. 

I know this a rant because I'm supposed to be at work today, but instead I'm at home...alone. I started taking shots of liquor. I keep crying. My heart will start racing and I start hyperventilating. I feel like I'm going crazy. I threw a piece of glass on the ground and started cutting myself. My dog is acting like he's afraid me. I'm so alone. I don't know what I'll do when my boyfriend is home. He knows I've been stressed, but I've tried to mellow it down for him because he has so much to deal with already. What will I do to tomorrow?

Why am I like this?

I feel like I'm losing everything, and I don't know what to do. Please help.