Truly, I find no purpose within me.I'm a male, 28 years old, I live alone in a small apartement in the middle of fucking nowhere. I work as a lifeguard/janitor/factotum under a 5 star thermal hotel in Italy. Despite being a great goal to work in such a prestigious hotel, I feel lonely and unsatisfied. I can't make connection with people and I feel a great sensation of emptiness everytime I take the car and go to work. Sometimes there are days when I basically feel dull and devoid of any emotion. I am familiar with this stuff, since I've been in therapy for basically 4 years, gulping pills of Paroxetine each day of those years. However, it didn't help, and I knew the only way to move forward is to gain some money to live the life I wanted to live. I accepted everything life threw at me, disgraces and opportunities in equal measure, and I weathered the storm. However, now, I fear I might fall to the same path moved by inertia, therefore towards misery again. Furthermore, with this whole Covid predicament going on, I can't go swimming, which was the only way I could ease the pain away. I am still a virgin and kind of a dork. I open myself too much while making conversation with my colleagues, which makes them feel weird. I wish I could have some purpose in life, some self worth and respect for myself but I have got none. My parents call me on the phone each and every day, which makes me feel angry for some strange reason, since most the time I think they call me so they don't feel guilt for the fact they didn't love me enough when I was younger. My father was abusive towards my mother and me, as my mother and my sister were towards me, the latter ones don't remember, however I do. I was a problematic child until I reached 16 yo: I used to steal out of my mother's purse, even my grandma's, I stole from my sister to get it the way I wanted to. I wouldn't steal from a stranger, but from them I would steal with no remorse at that time. I lied constantly about school and I spent most of the money I stole in alchool, getting myself drunk. It felt good, it made me feel happy, though it wasn't true happiness and a momentary relief from a condition of unacceptance of my true self and a open door the path of eternal repent. I hate myself for that. I oftenly write on paper long paragraphs of insults towards myself, hoping I could change something about myself and take action for the disgusting sullen filth that I am and embracing what I really want in life. I really feel I'm out of place in this world and I 'm not a fitting gear inside this great cosmic mechanism which is this existence. I want a way out of this misery, but sometimes I realize, after all that I've done I am not able to forgive myself and that I don't deserve any better than this predicament. So, basically I am here, a strawman without passions, emotionally vegetative and without further goals in life. I am simply a waste of air and space at this point.