Gender variant and I don't want to fucking exist anymoreI am a man who has had cross-gender fantasies, both sexual and nonsexual, from at least age 10. Other than wearing my mom and sister's clothing and a sexual fantasies fueled by autogynephilia, I ignored it and kept it secret for the most part.

But then, four months ago my dysphoria was so bad that I decided it would be a good idea to come out to my girlfriend. She was the first girlfriend I had that wasn't puppy love or inspired by a Christian desire to reproduce (that relationship was a result of my Calvinist Christian phase that ended due to gender issues too). I played the part well; I wanted to be a girl, and she was so supportive and even taught me a few things. Well the day came when she wanted a boyfriend more than a maybe girlfriend and she ended it.

So now here I am a few months down the road and I don't want to be a girl so much. All I want to do is be free from my dark passenger, this unwanted desire to be a girl, and undo coming out to everyone as transgender. But I can't. And it eats away at me every day. My ex-gf's friends and family are all judging me, thinking I'm a freak or a disgusting sexual deviant unworthy of love, encouraging her to never even consider getting back together with me.

I didn't ask for this but I can't live with who I am. I appreciate the few years out of all eternity that I've been given to live, but if I have to spend every moment of it in emotional despair, screaming and crying into my pillow then I don't want to live. I'd rather it be like how it was before I was born, unconscious and without a care in the universe.

I used to be a Christian, so I know the story they tell; that we can be saved from our demons and sin, and that we have been saved. I wish it were that easy, to just ask some immortal to pluck us from misery; but I just can't believe, so I can't be one of those people.

I drink as much as I can get away with without losing my job. I run from every problem. I'm a lazy fuck. I lay on my bed and just think about my ex-gf and how much happier she is now with some other guy who is normal. I didn't fucking ask to be this way. It's not fair. Fuck this.

Please help me.