I um... This is just a ventI see the disquiet turn to exasperation in their eyes. I recognise their verbally unexpressed helpless concern acknowledging that my fate is in my own hands. I told them I would'nt, but cannot do the same for myself. I don't even have the heart to break up with my gf first. She has this idea of a future with me...  er... (my heart is breaking bad bad) 

I can't live in this world anymore.

I know we all live in our own world's, but I don't have the energy or the resources to recondition my mind, besides... it's not me, it's this socio-economic backdrop or canvas we try paint our own world's on that just isn't compatible with me. I've seen and been through enough and I'm tired now.  I can't even interact with it, nevermind be a part of it. I'm dragging my family down and I'm useless. I can't get out of this neverending mire. If someone even just says hello to me irl I often completely switch off and dissociate. I'm tired of seeing people and animals suffering. I'm tired of looking into the eyes of others- it takes too much out of me. I cannot function. I am numb with shame and worthlessness. I'm no good to anyone. What am I still doing here posting this. What good am I to this world? What am I even doing here?  I want to go. I need to go. Why must I stay here if I don't feel a part of it. Why must I stay if I'm unwanted, stupid, hated, and not normal, because nobody understands me. I'm not normal. I'm pariah. I'm less than nothing. I'm just good for abuse and ridicule and mockery and derision. And I don't have the energy. 

To the few people who love me, who I know love me... I don't even know what to say except that I've had enough. I have at least one fucking right... the right to die. You guys don't know 10% of it because I keep everything to myself. You guys have enough on your plate. So I'll just make my quick and quiet escape. You won't even know I'm gone until much much later. You keep busy and I'll just go. You'll find my letter when you look for it much much later. 

I love you all.