I just feel like I am being taken for granted and worthlessI know its a sickness that you want to get some attention from people, to feel special. It's what I see with everyone.

I just keep havjng hnrealistic expectations kf my fiance, I'm unemployed and just don't have a passion for my relationship or my future anymore. I just keep asking for help and nobody will help but I understand people are busy with their own lives, but it's just too much for people close to me to handle that I have no problem taking my own life.

I just wish I could be felt special now and then like I'm worth something, but it seems no matter what I do, how hard I try to better myself I am always the butt of a joke or get no respect from anyone or any luck in gettjng control over my life.

I have a fiance whom I love very much and I know he loves me; I can trust him with my life, he's my best friend too but I keep feeling like I'm bejng taken for granted.

I'm unemployed but I have money coming in so he's not supporting me. He works and I cook and clean, take care of things around the house (which is hard sometimes as he works the night shift). And he is sweet that he calls me after he finishes work to talk about his night.

But I feel like crap: he's never been one to give compliments in any way but I give him constant  compliments. When he is at home, he's on his computer and I want us to cuddle or watch a movie together and he's not up for it or too tired or gets awkward being affectionate.

We have sex regularly, but of course it's not ling enough ( and I don't care about the length of sex, but he never wants to be on top, always sex on the side becausr it's easier. I wish he would go fown on me but he doesn't like that and ge doesn't care much for me to go down on him).

He has no problems going to the pub with his friends and I don't mind, I just wish he would put in effort or go out of his way to do somethung romantic or caring and think of me without me complaining. 

I feel like an idiot because I have talked to him about it and I'm alwayd complainjng about these things and now I feel like crap and worthless too.

I'm unemployed and have no friends or money to do things to meet people and don't want to leave my fiance because I love him and know he's a good man who loves me but I have unrealistic standards as we've been together for so long we are just at a comfortable place, but I always want to go back to romance....

I'm