I'm here posting againI posted a few days ago with my life story...  now I'm back at this throwaway.  I saw my psychologist on Tuesday and she told me just get through the weekend.  I haven't been taking care of myself though. 

I saw a really bad photo of myself that my mom took and I lost all the momentum I had for taking care of myself.  I was going to the gym every day but then I just stopped after seeing the really bad photo.  For the last 2 days I've had a terrible headache that won't go away and I made it worse by going to sleep with wet hair (I have really long hair) and the heater off. 

5 minutes ago I had a really bad social interaction with my fiance.  My headache felt like my head was going to explode.  My fiance had been talking loudly for about an hour and I was getting really freaked out.  I told him "I need a tylenol"... I couldn't even get it myself.  He brought it into my bedroom and handed it to me, but with no water, and there was a glass of water that had been sitting on my floor for about a week, even my dog had drank out of it.  

He told me "just use that one" and I just freaked out.  I lifted my arm up like I was going to hit him, and he lifted his arm up to block me.  I stopped myself just in time, and he went in his room and I'm assuming he locked the door, but I haven't tried to go in there.

I also yelled, "It's over!"  

He said, "Fine, like I'm going to beg you to stay!?"

then after he went away, I went and got a fresh glass of water from the kitchen and took the tylenol.  

My headache is starting to get a little better, I think it was a bad reaction, maybe sugar poisoning from eating too much restaurant cooking last night right before sleeping (way too much sugar and salt right before bed and not brushing my teeth).

I don't understand why I have no motivation for self care and I don't understand why my emotions are so erratic.  I guess it's all because of my bipolar, but I remember there was one year when I did have it under control, thanks to many visits to the psychologist, daily hours of yoga, hours of walking, dancing, and no job or relationship pressure.

Maybe that lifestyle is the only way I can be emotionally sane.  Maybe I can't manage the lifestyle of pressure of a job, pressure of a relationship, pressure of a mortgage, everything.  I feel like such a disappointment to my fiance and my family for not being able to manage my health better and my emotions better.  

Why don't I have more self control and ability to say no to sugar and caffeine?  Why can't I manage the pressure of school?  

I feel like I have so many responsibilities and I can't handle them.  I read that between 25-50% of bipolar people commit suicide and I don't want to be part of those statistics.

I feel like just managing my health is a full time job, and taking on extra responsibilities like a dog, a fiance, a mortgage, and a job/school are more than I am emotionally capable of handling.

Maybe I'm just not as functional as I thought I was.  Maybe it really does take the full time care of a team of mental health professionals and a physical health team such as yoga instructors as well as the detailed focus on diet and abstinence from substances and stress that really is necessary for me to just act normal.

The stress and pressures that are placed on someone who is not bipolar, someone who had a "normal" childhood...  and by normal I don't know exactly what I mean, but you can check my other post to see what mine was like...  

Maybe someone who had a great childhood would be able to live a lifestyle where they could manage a job and a mortgage without having emotional problems, they probably could.  For someone like me without that foundation of stability, I just don't have a background of morals and habits that give me tendencies towards a healthy lifestyle that leads to low stress and happiness.

At least I'm lucky enough to have a house and medication to take.  I'm really lucky to be alive, for what it's worth.  It's moments like these where I take assessment and I feel scared because I feel like I don't have the freedom to make a phone call or write an email to anyone, I don't even feel like there's one person I can talk to because I feel like I have to be quiet in order not to offend my poor fiance further after I have been so inappropriate towards him.  

This probably isn't the end between me and my fiance, we've fought before and he's forgiven me, but I see this example as to why a relationship with a bipolar person can be very difficult.  

Well, now my fiance came out and talked to me, so I feel better, but then he started listening to a loud action movie on tv so my headache came back a little bit.

I guess my goals today are: go to school, study, do some yoga before school, and go to the gym tomorrow.
