I don't even know.I just...I don't even know. My life is such a waste. Where do I even begin? 

My life should be great. Better than great. I was given every opportunity in the world. I grew up in an upper middle class family. Have a brother that I get along with better than most siblings. My parents gave me freedom, trusted me completely throughout my childhood. We went on vacations. I was popular in school. I could get straight A's without even trying. 

But I was never happy. I can't remember a time I've ever been truly happy. I've always been very introverted, but my mother hated that about me. She would force me to call people to hang out with them. It's not that I didn't have fun when people came over, it's just that I like to be alone. This takes a toll on every relationship I've ever had. I rarely talk to my friends, and I realize that's not really socially acceptable. Talking to people only once a week is more than enough social interaction for me, but most people text each other all the time and whatever. It takes so much out of me. My mom just kept pushing me throughout my childhood, which made me hate it even more.

I have never been great at anything. I've shown potential, but it never  works out. I played tennis when I was younger, and I was really good. But I didn't like it, just kept with it because I was good. Well, all that tennis playing took my focus away from soccer, which is what I really loved doing. I became mediocre at both. I got put on the freshman soccer team and JV tennis as a Junior. Holy fuck that's sad. Along with that, I am overweight. Not by much, but enough to make people not look at me twice. I have a lazy eye and acne. Big nose. So yeah, as far as looks go, not the best.

Gay people think I'm straight, straight people think I'm gay. This paired with my less than average looks means I'm going to be alone forever. I know it contradicts the thing I said about not liking other people, but I really do want a relationship. I want human contact, just not to the point that other people do. But there's no one like that out there, so what's the point?  

I got into a large, hard to get into university, but I've even fucked that up. I'm failing out. I've disappointed everyone. I was the smart one, the good kid. I never did drugs, never touched alcohol. I got straight A's in high school, and I'm struggling for a C here in my best subjects. I spend my days alone, studying. What's the point of going to a large party school if I don't like people? I can't do anything right. I 'm fucking away everything my parents worked for. I stay in bed as much as possible, avoid people. Hell, even my roommate and I don't talk. We just live in the same dorm room and avoid all contact.

I walk around campus just thinking of ways to kill myself. That tree looks like it's the perfect height to hang myself from, that person might be able to sell me enough drugs to overdose on, etc. Every time I hear people laughing on my floor, I think they're laughing about me. How I never talk. I'm the weird one in our small dorm. 

All I want out of life is to get a job that pays enough for me to get a small apartment for myself, and that's it. But if I do that, I disappoint everyone in my life. My friends will think I'm lazy, my mom will think she failed as a parent, my brother might fall back into his depression he just got out of. I can't see any other way. What's the point of a life like that? That does nothing for society. I mean nothing to the world. I just want to sleep forever. I'm empty. What does happiness even feel like? I can only feel anxiety and sadness. I just want to stop being a burden, and end everything.

Sorry for the rambling wall of text. I've thought about committing suicide on and off for 6 years. But this failure...it ruins my whole life. Failing college means I can't be successful in anyone's eyes that's important to me. If I just drop out and do my own thing...what's the point of that life? I've tried to be positive. I've read other people's stories to get inspired. Nothing works. I'm done. With all of this. I just can't anymore.  