It feels like I'm constantly trying to escape.Being suicidal is very hard. I didn't know it would be this hard, and I don't know and don't believe there is truly an end except death.

What I've been contemplating about lately is, after dealing with the urge to sleep for good for this long now, is that ultimately what I go through being suicidal is a constant attempt to escape the present moment, or a constant wanting of this "escape."

This escape-desire is very uncomfortable. It engulfs me, and few understand. Other people have things to look forward to, while I do not. Everything I want is impossible, and that's basically why this constant escape I keep doing to leave behind the pain is exhausting. Being suicidal is like you are constantly running, running so long I can run mental marathons over and over, but after a while, you just stop, and dysfunction sets in. It's extremely difficult wanting to do and being forced to live due to love of your family. It's a trap, and it's painful. You can't say it's objectively good or bad, but all I know is that is hurts like hell. 

The main problem is that asking, seeking, and knocking, to God, or to the eternal, never gives me an answer that satiates this escape. The desire to escape is never satiated, pacified, cured, or ended by this "entity" out there. It's always something that barely, just barely, gets you by, while others have an abundance I never dreamed of. I don't understand this, but perhaps it is due to the momentum and the place you fall. I have fallen into a bottomless pit, and climbing up to the surface is what characterizes my struggles every day, for years upon years now.

But the bottom line is there never seems to be, or there simply isn't, anything that can quench the flames within me, it's always a need, and never a want, it's never a dream, but only harsh reality. 

The answer I receive is always a push, and never a pull.

Always uphill, and never downhill.

While others have their desires fulfilled by merely moving towards them, I have to break through a brick wall to attain just a scrap of what will get me by.

This is how it feels to be suicidal, and I wonder if others can relate.