Tonight will be my last night hereI dont know why I am writing here, I dont really want anyone to tell me "dont do it" or "it can get better" or whatever people would want to tell me. But I guess I do need to write it out, to get it out of my head and sort everything one last time before I end it. I considered using another account since there are some people in real life who know me and know of this account but maybe that way they will see this and know what I did and maybe why as well. 

For me, there is, and never was anything to really live for on this earth. I never had friends, never had a girlfriend, never liked or was good at school, and generally didnt get any lasting joy out of anything. I tried for the past 5 years to make friends to overcome my loneliness but everytime I think I might've found one either they leave, stop contact or it somehow dies off. At this point, I am pretty sure it has to be me, once or twice could've been coincidence but not ten to fifteen times. I dont know what it is about me or what I could do better, since whenever I ask I am just told its not me, or told nothing at all. So now I have given finding friends up and with that my last hope of ever getting better died as well.

I wake up everyday with the regret that I didnt die yesterday or that night, I go to sleep every night with the thought that I want to die. Up until now I had the motivation that I maybe maybe had the chance to make friends and also didnt kill myself because of my family "suicide is selfish" bla bla bla. but I cant go on anymore, I lie in bed all afternoon and evening only thinking about wanting to die, nothing else.

The thing is though, I dont really want to die, I want to love life, I want to enjoy everything, I just cant. I tried so hard, I went out to clubs and bars and tried to enjoy that, I tried many different hobbies but never enjoyed anything because nothing is fun alone and everyone around me always is with someone else and its so incredibly frustrating to see everyone succeed so easily at making friends. I am so fucking afraid of dying but my life is literal torture, its literally a pain to just stand up and dress for work, I just hope its less pain to hang, and if it isnt, at least its over soon. All my life I tried to do things to make others feel better, I wanted to help everyone, I kept living because others would feel bad if I didnt and what did I get from it? Rejection, loneliness and people who dont care enough to even ask once every year how I am doing.

I wake up with no hope of it ever getting better, it only ever gets worse. People saying "It can get better", yes it absolutely can. But it wont unless I would have the energy to make it get better, it wont get better on its own, it only gets worse if you let it float.

Anyway, thats all I wanted to say, if anyone from RL sees this, I am sorry even though you probably dont care.