My parents are pushing me to make changes, but I just want to escape.I'm sorry that this is a bit long, but I could really use some help with this one.

Full disclaimer: my parents are NOT abusive in any way, shape, or form. They've been total champions for me and my siblings all our lives, and want only the best for us. Not once have they ever been neglectful, narcissistic, or spiteful. They are NOT the enemy here.

For years, I've been struggling with problems like depression, food addiction, and trouble with social interaction, partially due to Asperger Syndrome. My parents, therapists, doctors, and countless other professionals have given me the advice and tools I need to make changes, but I just never feel like doing it. It's gotten to the point where I'm completely dependent on my parents emotionally and financially.

This week, my parents have finally put their foot down. Since I'm not willing to make the changes I need to get better, they're going to force me to make changes. I'm currently visiting over the weekend, and they've made me be more physically active, like going on walks and bike rides, despite me being obese and terrified of bugs. We've also entertained the idea of me moving back in with my parents, and they made it clear that they aren't going to enable the self-destructive behavior I do in my apartment. They're going to have me go outside more, eat healthier, and participate in more family activities even if it's not my first choice.

The problem is NOT that my folks are trying to help me. My parents are not the bad guys. It's that every time these sort of pushes happen, I always want to mentally run away, whether through sleeping, being on the internet, or playing video games. Now that my parents are really pushing me, part of me wants to tune out reality for good. I know I don't have the gall to end my life; I've tried multiple times, and always back out because I'm too scared. I just feel like there's really nothing left to enjoy about real life anymore. No goals I look forward to reaching; no fun events or plans to get excited about (most of them were cancelled from the pandemic.) Whatever I DO enjoy I end up overdoing, like sugar and video games. Much of life is still very restricted due to the pandemic, and all my friends are either too busy or too far away to ever hang out with anymore. It's like I'm in a video game, and I've exhausted all the actions and dialogue. 

What should I do? Are my concerns legitimate, or do I just need to get over myself?

TL;DR: I'm stuck in bad habits, and my parents are going to force me to make changes while I'm visiting, and eventually, live with them. Instead of thinking these changes will help me, part of me wishes I were dead so I could avoid reality forever. These are just thoughts; no plans to actually end my life.