It’s Not Going to Get BetterDISCLAIMER: in this post, I discuss my religious beliefs. When I read the rules for this sub, I did not see anything about mentioning religion in posts, so if I missed something I apologize. And I apologize if I hurt any of you in the process. I do not intend to make my religious views into your religious views; I only mean to explain life and reality the way that I see it. 



Hello guys. I’m here to explain how I feel and the situation that is surrounding this.

I know it will not get better. Nothing can convince me that it will. Maybe I can indulge in activities that make me feel happy (these days, those activities are not much outside of eating). Maybe someone can tell me that they care about me. But there are no positive thoughts that change the reality. I don’t fucking care if I start to “feel better”, because I’ve “felt better” before, and the only thing that “feeling better” can do is distract me from the reality that I have no value in the world, I’m worthless, and, from what I believe, God is not on my side.

     I have a strong belief and reason to belief that God, Yahweh, is real. And I believe that God has turned his back on me and is against me. I also believe that I will be damned to Hell for killing myself. But the pain I’m feeling right now is agonizing, and if I’m going to end up in Hell eventually, since I’m against God now, that’s a reality I have to face. And that is the reality that “feeling good” can not fix.

I even have people in my life who care about me. My family cares about me, and will be devastated when I do the thing. The people in my life, however, who have indicated that I do not matter on this earth, have enough speaking power that drowns out the opinions of people who think I do matter. Personally, I feel that people who think I matter have invalid opinions. But I wish I knew how to make this easier for them. It’s not an ideal situation for me either, but it’s either going to Hell now or going to Hell later, and I already feel that I am in Hell.

I don’t know when I’m going to do it yet, but I should be available in 2 days to proactively get on the note-writing project. I just need to stop procrastinating.