I have no one to talk toI'm 22. I'm a third year college student (in a 4 year program).
I am dianosged with ptsd after I was mentally abused and bullied in my old school. I was there since I was 5. It was like a cult school, it was like they wanna make everyone to be the exact same thing, I was unspokenly forbiden from being myself or asking a question. Well I was pretty much myself and didn't really listen to them, I think that's why I was subjected for the whole time I was there. It started fine, but then  I found myself being disgusted by everyone else for no reason. I couldn't tell why I was hated that bad. It was just in the school - I had friends outside, I was very happy when I wasn't in that school. But I was there the whole time for 11 years. 
I tried to move to another school when I was in a middle school. I took the entrance exam, I passed (while my parents bet that I wouldn't pass and at the time didn't even want to check the result). They didn't allow me to change the school. My parents never listened. My family is broken. My whole childhood I don't remember my mom loving my dad. My dad was a hot tempered nasiscitic person, and they fought all the time. My mom never even knows how to stand up for herself; and no one ever taught me that too.
I finally was allowed to change a school when I was in high school after my mental health went real bad they could see it. It was too late. I knew I should be happy - even my personality was crushed and I was pretty much f*** I had a lot of friends, they liked me. It's the first time in my life I have a normal school life experience. 
No. I couldn't enjoy any bits of that. I withdrawn from everyone for no reason, later found out I have AvPD (avoidant personality disorder). It got so bad I decided to take ged and skipped my high school a year after. 

I don't trust anyone. I never feel like I have any real friends. I was betrayed, bullied, subjected to lies and mentally abused and was never listened to for years. My parents are never able to provide me any mental help. I have no one to talk to - not my family, no real friends, my boyfriend doesn't really care neither (I look fine. I am a lot better now. I cried sometimes and I don't say a thing). 

I have been having nightmares. Every damn night. I found myself stuck in old situations, I relive myself in the same old situations where I feel helpless and hopeless, mentally abused, bullied, lied. Most nights I just cannot sleep because I am afraid of these nightmares.

I went to psychiatrist regularly for like 3 consecutive years prior. I was getting a lot better. I am not going to the hospital anymore because it was a lot of money and I am not that bad like I was. But this is torturing. I have no one. I don't know what to do. I have no jobs. I am 22 and still not grad. I don't know what can I be. I don't even know if I'm grad what will I do. I feel hopeless. I feel shit. 
I overdosed with like 30 tablets of some psy pills and passed out for I guess 2 days after I got triggered and my mind was literally fucked. Well I didn't even think that I was committing a suicide I just needed to stop thinking. At. All. 
Its like having a trouble with being left alone. Like not being alone, but more like when I opened myself to someone and having hope, then got left alone. It is scary. It feels like someone could betray me and trying to mentally manipulated me. I have trust issue. I wanna forget my past. I wanna forget about everything I had with that school. I wanna forget that my parents wouldn't listen to me and rather think that everything is fine. I wanna stop having these nightmares. Same places. Same faces. I want these to stop.

I know that no one cares even just to read through but thanks for the space. At least I can now have somewhere to speak my mind.