I'm not in a good placeI'm in a really bad place right now. The only romantic relationships I've had have been toxic. My last girlfriend cheated on me with my best friend out of spite, the one before that kept invading my privacy by telling her friend what meds I took, or threatening to tell her cop friend about some of my (very minor) illicit activities. She just wanted to change me, she didn't like me for me. I met another woman I thought I liked, and who I thought liked me. I was a bit too forward, and didn't pick up on her signals. If I did it better, maybe we would have been okay, but I didn't, and I scared her off. Just like I do with all the women that get close to me. Now, I have this friend. I've known her for five years, and she's been there for me when I wasn't in a good place, because a few of my close friends decided to stop talking to me. I gave a mild opinion on one of their relationships, that most of the group agreed on, but they didn't back me up, left me to hang, and I got kicked out. I found out she liked me, and I liked her too. We started dating, and things were great. Then, four weeks ago I start getting nervous she is going to leave me, because I over worry over stupid shit sometimes. I texted her a lot, but not overtly so, and she would try to come over a lot. At least three times a week, and she lived over an hour away. I didn't look at the bright side or anything like that, I just kept looking for the negative. She came over on may fifth, and I accused her of talking to this guy instead of his mom. They're very close friends and have been for years, I also asked what she would be doing with a male friend of hers (different guy) and asked what kind of relationship they had before. I was worried because I've been hurt before by someone who was so close to me. The entire relationship she says that we'll have fights, and we will have to get through them. That she really wants this relationship to work, and she cares about me. I reciprocated those feelings, but I get anxiety attacks and over think shit sometimes. He says that night that I've been a little clingy, and I agree, saying that we need to meet in the middle and find a compromise. She has already said she was falling for me, early in the relationship, after a few weeks. She leaves, supposedly coming back two days from then. I text her the next day a little too much, and I realized I wasn't giving her space like she asked. I also voiced the concern that she shouldn't be drinking and driving, as she does it a lot. Especially on  our drive home. I get a little emotional, saying I lost a close friend to it because I didn't stand my ground enough. She dismisses it. Two days later, when she is suppose to come up, she says she can't, doesn't have the gas money, and wants to see friends. I'm fine with it, I tell her I spoke with my sister about my anxieties and how I've been acting, and tell her I'm willing to change myself for the better. An hour goes by, and she sends me a wall of text saying I'm not the man she thought I was, how she can't keep going on in this relationship, how we have to break it off. I try to talk to her about it, saying we can work together on us, how I care about her immensely, and don't want to just throw it all away. She says she just can't, isn't ready for a relationship like she thought she was and ends it. I'm reeling from all of it still, as I still deeply care about her, and everything was so good at the beginning. She was always happy, saying how I was a better boyfriend than she was used to. I just want her back, I just want this fire in my chest to go away. All I've thought of for the last three days is killing myself. I never would, but the thought just keeps hammering itself into my memory. She left because I started freaking thinking she was going to leave. I found out she went to this dudes house at 10:45 pm to hang out and watch TV for an hour. A guy she has tried to date, she did it the day before we had our talk on Tuesday. I scared her off! I blame myself so much, and I  myself for it. Someone, help. Anybody.