Losing hope, lost identityI think I've lost all hope. There is a sadness so deep and profound I don't know if I could ever go back to normal even if I got better physically. 

This all started a year ago when I began getting night sweats, chills and swollen neck lymph nodes. The doctors assured me I was fine and everything was mental. I didn't really agree but gave them the benefit of the doubt. Why would it be depression or anxiety when, as a 30 year old man, I just moved into my first new house?

Time went on and symptoms began to pile up. Numerous tests have been run over the last year, and nothing too unusual has come up on the labs. They keep saying it's mental.

At this point, I've lost my identity. I have memories from another person. I have remnants of my old life in photos and stories. I am not me. 

I'm tired of my piss being dark. Being cloudy. Being foamy. I am tired of not even remembering what it feels like to be hungry. I am tired of being so thin that I can see the shapes of my bones in my hands and feel where I used to have muscles in the back of my head connecting my neck. I am tired of looking at my small calf muscles be floppy and soft and doughy. I am tired of the deep cramps in my legs and arms that hurt me every day. I am tired of my shit being dark. I am tired of my skin on my legs being scaly and flaking off. I am tired of being dizzy and grinding my teeth and wiggling my feet. I am tired of my hair losing its curiliness and shine and my nails being hard and dull. I am tired of the sharp pain in my abdomen and the occasional kidney pains. 

I am tired of everyone pretending I will get better and believing these incompetent doctors. I am tired of waking up at night feeling like I quit breathing or my heart stopped. I am tired of the nightmares that invade my mind every night - of my brain telling itself that it's almost over. I am tired of checking the toilet or my legs every day to see if there is an improvement. I am tired of being fatigued to the point I have to force myself to work or go out.

I feel that the damage to my body is irreversible. Even if it were, how could I live with myself seeing the dark side of life - how much one can suffer despite all of the good things that happened in the past? How we live such wonderful lives, love our family and life so much and ONE thing happens that destroys all hope, makes one become a complete nihilist and hate everything? 

I hate suffering. I hate being sad. I hate being a nihilist. I hate how my life may be over regardless of myself. I want to be happy again. I want to be healthy again. I want to get my contractors license as I wanted before this happened. I want to love my wife more again. I want to contribute to a future - not reminiscence of the past. I want to find out what's wrong and fix it. I'm so sad, so desperate, so empty. My wife says I'm like a zombie. Maybe I am the hollow man, the empty one, the pitiful soul who is already dead yet still alive.