I think some of the problem is more people are having sex than me.Most of them I think.  I imagine it’s over 50% of all humans, and somewhere in the 90th percentile range for all living creatures.  Sex is life.  It is procreation.  It is cells dividing, and energy moving from one form to another, everything trying to outrace the end.  I am not a part of this, I am on the outside of this race.  I do not join the others in the bid to outrun death.  No.  Therefore I must be in the group racing to death. Racing after him maybe?  It seems like suicide is the logical choice.  I’ll meet/catch him quick then.  I guess I’ll see you all there when you meet him too (Not acknowledging an afterlife just thought it sounded good). 

I, I, I, I, I ad nauseam.  Maybe I’m too focused on myself?  But I hate narcissism and vanity?  Am I some kind of hypocrite?  Holy hell, I can’t stop talking about myself!  

Maybe I took too much?  Maybe I’m already dead and this is hell?  I enjoy envisioning the great emptiness at the end.  Heaven doesn’t appeal to me.  Because I cannot imagine a paradise, I look to the void.  Wrapped in its great nothingness.  Beautiful in its inky blackness.  Never have to smell, hear, see, taste, or touch ever again.  Then I think, how awful.  To not want to smell flowers, to hear music, to see in the amazing color spectrum, to taste something sweet, to touch anything ever again.  There is something fundamentally wrong with me.  But I don’t seek help.  This is my natural state of being.  I was born to die.  

But I think something went wrong with the process of my coming into being.  See, I’m supposed to desire death.  I mean I do, but then I don’t kill myself.  Too many times I’ve wished I pulled the trigger.  Too many times I’ve wished that ½ a gram of molly shut down my organs.  I drive down country roads drunk off my ass hoping I’ll die in the wreck.  Why don’t I do it?  WHY DON’T I DO IT?!  

If I sound a bit scatter brained, it is because I am not entirely sober.  Sorry.

TL;DR Constant thoughts about suicide may have something to do with the fact that I’m not getting laid and don’t see it happening in the future.  Also under the influence of mind altering substances.

