I feel numbI guess my story starts when I was about 12 years old. I started to self harm and knew I didn't want to be alive anymore. As I continued to grow up I promised myself I would never let myself live in pain the way I was for the rest of my shitty life.

The depression comes and goes, but it always finds a way back to me. You know when you love someone, and you don't know how you can survive without them? My depression treats me like that, an abusive relationship that gets better and then hits full in dragging me down further each time.

I can find a little bit of happiness and a little bit of meaning to my life. I can start to feel good and realize I'm really not that great of a person. I'm awful, and yes I would leave people behind, but to be honest they are far better off. 

I think constantly about  how I could end my pathetic pointless life. I can't get a gun, but I'm also not down for just slicing my arms open in a bathtub (Rules of Attraction). 

I guess what lauched me the hardest this time is the fact that anytime I feel for someone I get hurt. I fall in love and start to feel normal, and it just ends. I haven't felt for someone in years, and I've known this person since we were children.

I just wish I knew what was wrong with me. What I could fix to make me more likable, attractive, funny. I wish I knew what was wrong with me where no one can love me back.

I made a plan a while ago to end my life on October 13th, and it made sense to me. It felt right, and this asshole comes in and makes me feel like there might be hope,  and reminds me I'm shit.

I can't kill myself on the next Friday the 13th in april because a family members birthday  is too close to that date and that person means too much to hurt them like that. 

I have this October or almost a year to decide if I want this life anymore. The thing is I've given my life so many chances and I've tried to change my life and it's still awful. I'm still alone and yeah I have a few people that give a fuck about me, but I'll never get married or have friends that relate to me.