Battling drug addiction, dealing with severe paranoia and depression and anger issues, fiancee left me, son died and idk how to keep going.Sometimes i would be very depressed and think about suicide but knew its just my thoughts not being given proper hormone levels.

But this is different. I just dont see the light at the end of the table.

My fiancee and I both met here. Lonely. Depressed. No future. Nothing. We were both at the edge but kept eachother from falling. We became best friends. Then started dating. Now we have children and are engaged. Two boys. One died weeks ago.

She left me, i became very abusive (verbally) as had she and we just kept hurting eahother. It wasnt healthy.

Now I remember how it felt. I got so caught up in our little love story that I was just blissfully happy. She was my future. We had little cute plans to get a house in hicago and have a daughter named summer. Little things like that here and there and they made every hard day easy, every bad day good. They made life wonderful.

I called her last night before we broke up. I needed her depression was tol heavy. I was suicidal again after a long time of not being. She just complaied that it was tok late at night. I begged her to stay but she just whined and hung up. So we fought and fought and i got so mean she called the cops and reported me for harassment.


Now i dont have a future again. Im at the edge but i dont have my best friend to catch me this time. She was my world. I forgot the feeling of being alone. I dont want to be in this place anymore. 

How did i go from happy.and engaged with babies on the way in 6 months to slip straight into hard drug abuse and violence and dealing drugs?

I was the modt straight edge good guy youd ever meet in your life. In a matter of a few months i have ripped apart all shame pride morals from myself and destroyed my perfect future and family in the process. What i worked very long to atain i destroyed in months.

I miss my best friend. She isnt here now. I dont want to hurt her anymore. She is my second half.