Abadoning my best friend over his depression...There's alot to cover but i'll try to summarize it clearly.

For years now, my mate has been battling depression. I've known him for 10+ years but I couldn't say how long for. He's always having anxiety issues and emotional rollercoasters everyday. In the past, i've happily put the efffort in to help improve his well-being, health, mentality and life overall. As I care about him, of course.

However, time and time again, I have given him advice and options for him to take to help improve his situation, and he has ignored it. I understand that advice is advice though, and I don't expect him to follow it to a T. But instead, it feels like i've wasted my time talking to a brick wall. Because he reverts back to his old self shortly after making some life improving decisions.

Now, this is an issue as not only has the depression got a hold of my mate, but he has also become quite a toxic person to anyone close to him. He consistently pushes himself into online 'relationships' that fall through within months or a year, and will shove his close friends aside to make it work. In the past he has blatantly ignored or insulted one of his other best mates because he can't control his moods. Now that guy hates him for it.

My mate doesn't see what he has done to the people that care about him. These relationships, they bring out the worst in him as he uses people (including myself) as a backup to reach out to for comfort or company when he's current flirt is busy. I'll be playing games with him or on the phone then he'll say "I've got to go" or something similar and become secretive about it (I believe it's because i've had words about him forcing online relationships).

This year he met with this girl he'd been in a 'relationship' with for the past year or so. Turns out, things went south quite quickly. As they met, it became awkward for the girl and she was uncomfortable to be with him, or seen holding hands. He had told me how much they both 'loved' each other and wanted a life with each other. Well, the day after they met she blocked him on all platforms and told him 'we should see other people'. 

Am I wrong for not feeling sympathetic for him when this happened? I could comfortably say i'm an honest, kind hearted, selfless guy and I do have empathy for others. But when I found out, I had no reaction. Because I expected it, all of his friends did. He then became a wreck and went to the bottle. Now he's currently -and secretely- talking up another girl and it's been less than a few months...

The problem I face is that I care so much for my friend, and I want the best for him, but through my experience in life I've found that you can't help someone who isn't willing to help themself. 

We are so alike and get along so well, it's saddening to see things go like this. Since these past months, he has tried again to talk to me and repeat this cycle. I feel shitty about it, but i've been ignoring him or replying bluntly. I'm conflicted, as I have actually been losing sleep thinking about him and his situation. I wish it were better for him and thus for us, as I feel i'm his only true friend he has left.

Aswell as all these problems, he's also been on suicide watch for the past year or so. The last thing I ever want for him is to do something awful as that. I want to help him, but I don't want him to loop into the same cycle he's got himself into. I know this isn't about me and much more of an internal struggle for him, but it's now affecting my life more than ever. I no longer idly sit by and shrug off or repress obvious outrages and disrespect from him. Hence why i'm reaching out to more people, first my close family and friends, now anyone who could share some advice.

Anyways, thanks for taking the time to read my current situation. I'd greatly apprectiate any feedback and advice for what to do. I've come to realise the importance of opening up and getting a 'rant' out, that's why I needed to express all this.
I know in my heart I want to help him and continue to advise him. But my mind tells me to leave and distance myself from him, much like all his friends have already done.

Am I right in how I've acted?
What other options should I take?
What would you do if put in this position?
Is there anyone who can relate?
Should I leave or stay?