Reddit wants me to die, who am I to deny them that?My friends rejected me, I've received harassing messages over Steam from former friends, and even been insulted in person by people who have found out. Comments on Reddit let me know I am not welcome. 

People on Reddit would rather I die, and if you don't believe me I have proof. 

Late last year I became a supporter of the movement known as Gamergate. The idea of journalistic ethics always interested me. I knew games journalism was an example of poor ethics in journalism and got swept up in it. I never sent a harassing message to anyone.

My friend told me he'd do something to me if I didn't stop supporting it. I called his bluff. He wasn't bluffing.

He told all my friends I was a rapist, and for the most part all of my friends believed him. He talked about how I was abusing my current girlfriend (I'm not, even she has gone around telling people it isn't true but people believe him over her) and they all believed him over me. 

I've fought off suicide for almost six months now mostly because I've found support on the internet. That stopped.

Reddit wants me to die. Reddit hates people with my opinions. 

I'm not kidding. This poster on a subreddit I frequent wants to [set me on fire](https://archive.is/MKN8x). I'm thinking of at least giving him what he wants when I off myself. I have enough gasoline to do it. 

[I'm apparently a wild doxxing and death threat monster incapable of actual human thought.](https://archive.is/uRjF10) 

Reddit wants me dead because of my political ideology. Whenever I open up to someone, they tell me it "isn't too late" to stop supporting Gamergate, that I can become "normal" and "sane".

They don't fucking care about my life. They care about winning their political argument on the internet. If I keep living with the opinions I hold, they lose. I have to convert or die. 

When I told my former roommate, about a year ago, that I was thinking of committing suicide, he told me to do it. I know for a fact he posts over on Gamerghazi. I'm now just waiting for the day that he comes back. He knows doxxing is my biggest fear. He threatened me with it. 

So I think I'm going to die. Die so that I can give him and these other posters what they so clearly want. My immediate death. I've lost all my friends, been denied positions at companies, and treated like shit all over the internet. Valve won't listen to my reports of abuse over Steam. Redditors upvote these people arguing for the death of people with my opinions.  

The comments here will be the same shit as always. Half-hearted attempts to get me to stop being a Gamergate supporter, with preventing my impending suicide being a secondary goal.

Fuck you Reddit, you never wanted me anyways. See you in hell.