My university feels like it’s pushing me to kill myselfI have GAD, finally on medication for it since last fall. I also have depression and my medication treats it as well. My university has been an absolute pain this summer, I just want to relax but it feels like my summer is going to be wasted focusing on school which makes me even more anxious. My dad retired since this spring so we have less money, I live at home atm but next year will be dorming so I’m a dependent for now. The uni emailed me saying I’ll lose my grant because they see something changed with my income so I sent an appeal to show I just have less money now which wouldn’t disqualify me according to my grant’s rules, I would actually qualify for more maybe. The next thing I know I check my email and I’m on academic probation for not passing 67% of my units, I passed literally 66.67% of them. And they still put me on probation. I think if I missed only .001% of my units they’d still put me on probation. This is all my fault because I failed one class this term, and since I took only a few classes the averaging they calculated really hurt me. I’m so stupid, I’m so stupid I tried to take less because I couldn’t handle more but now I fucked myself over. If I weren’t so stupid and anxious I could’ve done more for that class. So now I have to fly back there for a day (I’m in another state nearby atm) go to meet with my academic advisor and get a signature on a document, then 15 minute class on financial aid, take a quiz after, and then mail an appeal and hope they give me back my aid. All of this over 0.33% failed units. I hate my life, I’m an idiot. I have to do all this in 2 weeks, then wait another week or two for their decision. I’m so panicked, I‘m going to be overwhelmed for weeks on end. I just wanted my summer to be good. I don‘t start school until the end of August but it feels like I lost all my time and ruined my life and I’m hurting my parents. The beginning of this year my grandma died, after living with her for all my life it’s like my mom died. Then my parent’s decided to move which I was against and hurt my heart to be away from home. Then I try to do classes with all this on top of my mental illnesses and I fail. I wish I didn’t exist to begin with, and then I could spare my dad the stress of this. I wish I were better at all subjects, and if I didn’t have anxiety I would probably have not failed because I would’ve had the capability to do better and not be fearful. If I die now then I cause more despair to people close to me but my existence is causing myself and others pain too so. The best solution is that I never existed to begin with. I wish, I wish that was the case.