It wont hurt as badly as I thoughtI'm bleeding now, which is good. The pain was bad, but not half as bad as I thought it would be to draw blood. It was a test, to see what sharp enough, how much pressure to apply to the skin, etc., but now that I know what works, I can go on ahead and commit suicide. 

My brother tried to attack me, I realized how annoying, lazy, and unhygienic I am, and in the aftermath of the attack, I informed my parents that he molested me when we were younger. I've been thinking about doing this for awhile, have had many bouts of suicidal ideation and depression, and even came within minutes of attempting twice, but today seems a good a time as any. Was practically waiting for a good excuse anyway. 

I need to hurry up. Do it soon. Write the note, get the razors, grab a pillow, head to the bathroom, and slip away to the comforting drone and warm steam of a hot shower going full blast. Mmm, sounds good. Nice way to go, despite the damn sting (and it sure is stinging). 

Damn, the fucker got my head. Damn. Heh, and here I was, a hopeful dumbfuck thinking about the future. Fucking moron. Anybody going to vidcon this year? I was thinking about taking the train to California to see Phillip Defranco at Vidcon. That guy's one of my heroes. If you're ever there, tell him Mark was his biggest fan. Sounds pathetic, I know, but I'm full of pity for myself right now, which is great, because I can ride that pity wave straight to suicide. I hope I'm still as fearless as I am now when the real bleeding starts. I don't want to die scared. 

Do I want help? The thought of talking about myself...ew, no. But what I can say is that I've got delusions, paranoia, and other absurd "issues". Yeah, I do want help, but I can't take any. Seriously. It takes too long, I don't like talking, and my reasons are just flat out ridiculous. Ugh, my head hurts. I need to die. It doesn't matter what I want. I need to die. That shit doesn't matter....Fuck, I can't believe I'm going to do it this time. I'm rambling now. I feel like writing this is just an excuse to waste time and prevent the inevitable. We always want more time, don't we? I'm a procrastinator at heart, even to the last. Thanks for reading this rambling note-thingy. It hurts really bad, because everything is irreversible now. I don't want to die. 

UPDATE:
To anyone who commented below and meaning to comment, thank you, but I’m fine now. 

When I kept bleeding, the reality of my actions made me panic (meaning, when the chips are down, I’m still terrified of death, which is both comforting and disappointing). I panicked to the point of feeling sick to my stomach and nearly throwing up. In the end, I freaked out so badly I couldn’t continue, so I suppose I have an extreme episode of anxiety to thank for still being alive. 

Now that I’ve calmed down, what I’ve written here both disturbs and embarrasses me, which isn’t particularly surprising considering the things I say, do and write while suicidal baffle me, but I’d like to apologize to this community for sounding such a false alarm. I feel awful for stirring up any worry, and now that I’ve decided to see a therapist, hopefully this will be the last time I visit this subreddit. 

No more comments, as I’ll be in professional hands from now onward. 

On a lighter note, I’m glad I can still meet Phil. Once again, thank you and sorry. 







