IdkI don’t really know why I’m on here, I’m not suicidal although I was at one point. Working out actually does miracles, therapy and drugs aren’t bad, but really, just a good fitness routine goes a long way too. Regardless, I’ve just been feeling really down lately. I’ve failed in all I’ve wanted to succeed in and some days I do still just wish some of this would end. I’ve never had the guts to actually do it, not even when I really wanted to. I’d say some stupid excuse like how, “people would miss me” or how “I could go somewhere in life” or how “I don’t know what’s beyond death” but every excuse just made me feel worse. I just wanted to end it and now I guess I’m kind of afraid that’s coming back. Schools gotten ALOT harder, relationships have gotten ALOT more complicated, and although I try and try, no matter what, I can never seem to accomplish my dreams nor get better at what I want to get better at. The shit I’ve ALWAYS wanted to be good at, and the stuff I’ve practiced a lot has just seemed to get harder and harder the more I practice and I can’t seem to get better. I know I’ll never be able to do what I want to do when I’m older at this rate. I just can’t imagine how some people do, then I think of how many people have and it makes it so much worse. I’m just tired all the time and I don’t really have any more drive. I don’t know if it’s school or what, but then I look around, see I’m at the tail end of most of my classes and feel even worse that something that’s THIS easy to some could be so hard for me. I just feel like I’m a failure at everything that matters and if that’s all I am now, then what will ever make me worth anything when I’m older, when I NEED to succeed at this stuff. Right now, everything’s just a hobby, but when you need it to survive, when you can’t live without a job, how will I stack up? How can I compete then if I can’t now? Everything, even sports, which I have been beyond passionate about throughout my entire life, which I have practiced endlessly, which I have constantly conditioned myself towards, I’m just, kind of, decent at. Nothing worth paying me over, so then I turn to academics, then I fail at that too, and I don’t know where to go. I wish there was a release, everyone has something. A passion, a hobby they have that lets them just let go when they want to scream and cry and shout over the stupid little annoying things in life, but I’ve never had that. I just want to be good at something I love, I just want to do something I’m passionate about later in life. So many people find that, why the fuck am I just so god damned, bad at everything I try.........I want it to end, please.