I am not sure what to do with myselfSee my comment history for a background of how I got to here. The tl;dr section is below:  

I had a dysfunctional marriage. Then I found someone who I thought cared, but instead I was pumped and dumped. It's been more than a year since it happened. I was suicidal for a very long time. I saw a therapist. I thought I was getting better the last two months, but I regressed due to memory triggers.  

Time hasn't changed a thing. I am an empty shell of the person I used to be. On the outside, I more or less look like I am coping, but I go to work, and it seems like I sit there for the amount of time I am required to be there, and do nothing. I can't cope. I am broken.  

The thing I can't get past, is that I cheated. It goes against my morals and values, and has caused me tremendous emotional suffering. I feel like the only punishment that can amend this is death. I also want to hurt the person who hurt me. I am no longer seeing a therapist, and *do not want to*. Remembering the details of what happened, upsets me.  

I thought time would make things better, but it's been a year now. I thought I'd kill myself tonight, and was going to wait and see if I  felt suicidal enough then, but now that I think about it, I want to organise my affairs first to reduce the grief I'd cause my parents. So it has been delayed a week at least, but after that, I know I am a loaded gun waiting to go off.  

I hate feeling like an invalid, useless person, and I hate having it drag on, but I can't get myself out of it. I've been taking self improvement classes, and have been going out with friends, but it's an effort to wake up in the mornings. I just want to either get up and get better, or just end it now. It looks like I won't be getting better, and hence why I am posting here.   

I know the usual, general arguments against suicide, and that's not what I need right now. I need opinions specific to my situation, and solutions to help me get back on my feet. Maybe one of you has an insight to what happened to me, that can convince me that it's OK.  
  
---------------------------------------------------
UPDATE:  
Thanks to those who posted. Sorry not to get back to you, and if I worried any of you. I wasn't thinking, but it was very inconsiderate of me to leave without reassuring anyone. I am sorry about that. I haven't been online since I posted this. One of the reasons is because thinking about it makes me feel bad. I am 'better' now though. 
 
I do want to get better, but things I associate with the past still affect me, and I am trying to dissociate as a coping mechanism. What makes it hard is the reminders and consequences of my actions. We're going through separation, and I can't look at my ex without getting sad. I don't want or deserve pity or sympathy. He seems to be doing ok. He was never given the option to make his own opinion about our relationship, as he doesn't know that I cheated. I think it's better that way. 
  
Suicide is still a realistic outcome, but I have no intention to do that in the recent future. I really don't think I can be fixed, because I doubt my ability not to cheat ever again. I feel really burned out mentally from the emotional trauma that I incurred on myself from my past actions, and I choose not to think too much, and just be reactive to situations instead, since when I am absorbed in my internal processing, it increases my depressive thoughts and likelihood to think about suicide. Yet what I've found from my actions when I don't think, is what makes me doubt my ability not to cheat ever again. So yeah, misery all around! 
 