I just figured out a big reason as to why I'm so messed up mentally and I'm have g a mental breakdown over itSo, I figured out a huge reason as to why I'm so messed up in the head. I was on a little movie marathon. I had watched a great music movie called "That Thing You Do!", and then I went to Netflix to watch two more movies. These last two movies were what made me realize this big reason for my depression. I first watched a movie I loved as a child, that movie being "Monster House", and then I watched "Coraline" for the first time. I know, an odd choice of movies to have a mental breakdown over. Well, both movies involve young, pre-teen protagonists. They all go on their own little adventures, and all that dumb stuff. Your average movie for kids and teens. They're both amazing movies, by the by. But, after I watched them, I went to use the restroom, and once I had finished, I sort of stared in the mirror for a while, thinking and reflecting about both the movies and my life. And, after a while, I realized that I never had the chance to be a kid. I never had the chance to live out a normal childhood. I've always been impoverished, not horribly, but enough to almost always be on the edge of financial crisis. My parents have always been divorced, and my father and some other family members are horrible people. My mom sheltered the hell out of me, so I never gained social skills or friends. I had a verbally and physically abusive stepfather for years during my childhood. And the list goes on and on. And, come to think of it, it helps me put everything into perspective. How I get upset over anime, and kids films, and cartoons. Stuff of that sort. It also explains why I can be so immature. I'm sixteen, I've never had a childhood, and because of that, I'm deathly afraid of growing up. It all makes sense. It all makes goddamn sense and I hate that it does. I'm breaking down over it. I'm crying and shaking like a madman. I am NEVER able to goddamn cry, not even at goddamm funerals, and here I am, crying and shaking like some baby. I want to kill myself. The first nearly two decades of my life were wasted. I wish I just had a normal childhood. I don't want to be a goddsmn mental case. I want friends. I want social skills. I want to be able to think back to fond childhood memories and say "Heh, those were the times". Instead, all of it is goddamn foggy because my brain blocked it out or something. I can hardly think back to Middle school. I can't handle this sudden realization. I just can't. Its past 3 am and I'm a goddamn wreck. My life will never be normal or happy, will it? I'll jaut always be a man-child that never got to be a kid. I hate my life. I hate everything.