Last attempt to reach out for help, thanks in advance to any who take the time to read this.Hello everyone, Ive joined reddit just a minute ago because I dont know where to turn and because thoughi ve struggled with depression all my life, ive always been super opposed to suicide. But, here i am, I keep staring into the void and the longer I stare, the more desirable it becomes. In my head I know that its a permanent solution, but I honestly think that my problem is permanent as well and just cant find the will to go on any longer.

About me: Im a 3L (senior) law student, I'm male and i turn 30 in a few months, ive been in school all my life, I didnt plan to go to grad school because its not for me. School has always been a struggle with depression, college was bad, I almost didnt make it. But I came here because f the girl i love more than anything in the whole world. I know what youre probably thinking now, that its just a girl and to give it time and itll heal. I tried telling myself that for 2 years. Weve been dating for 4 years, weve had lots of issues in our relationship (almost non of them were between us, but the issues in our separate lives caused issues in our relationship)but for the first time in years we have gotten to a place where our relationship is the one i dreamed of, the one ive been sufferring in this hell for. So we lived in City A, i hadto  move to city B for school, I didnt even want to go to school. But i was (and always have been) madly in love with this girl so in order to be able to provide for her i needed to secure a good future, a career. I was a college grad with an NRCM (or environmental science) degree, but here in Louisiana our state budget was so bad i literally could not find a job ANYWHERE with my degree without further school (an associatres degree to work in the  environmental quality depts of the local plants) or training. So I worked at best buy for like 2 years making 20k a year at full time hours. So i had taken the LSAT for shits and giggles while in undergrad and figured law school was a safe bet, my dad was an attorney and he had been pushing one of me or my brothers to go foryears  (in hopes of taking over his practice I guess)

Anyway after my first semester I knewt i wasnt fo rme, i hated it, it was just makign me depressed being alone in a new city with no friends, time for friends, or money, and my partner had to stay in City A when I moved to City B. I talked to my family and her about quitting after my first semester, she said if i was unhapy to quit. But my parents and brother told me tost ay and push through. I was already in debt from my first year loan and we wouldnt be able to pay it back off 35k a year AND support ourselves so i tried tostay  and push through. Well, logn story short just recently our relationship fell apart, she moved in with me but the circumstances werent right and we ended up breakign down. Fast forward a month, she got her own apt, and things have been better than ever! i asked her out last week and told her howm uch i loved her and that I wanted to marry her. 

Then she told me she started seeing a guy (while still seeing me even though we werent technically dating) and it forced me to do a lot of soul searching. After 4 miserable days, the worst in my life, I realized that she was more important to me than everything lse combined, including myself. I know thats unhealthy but i care for her more than i do myself, she just feels like my soulmate, the one who gets me. But now she cant decide between being with me (though she still crys and tell me how much she loves me and that she needs me to be a part of her life alwaysev en if we never date again im too valuablean d precious to her) bt im so torn. Weve ben through thick and thin, survived hell for 4 years, and a guy she has knownfo r 4 days walks in and she cant decide between me and him. 
Fuck i even gave for 200 dollars to help woth her rent today bc she was shortad, n have given her everything i can. Skippinga ll my classes to b with her, giving her like 5 peices of free furniture for her new apt., doing like 7 loads of laundry for her instead of mine, all kinds of stuff. I know its unhealthy but taking care of her is the ONLY thing in the world that makes me happy. She doesnt take advantage of me, i offer all this, and shes very grateful. She isnt a bitch. 

But I just cant get past this and I dont know what to do, ontone he  hand I know i should leave her. After makign the best, most sincere promises to her about how I feel and offering to give up everything, school, family, even my own balls if it took that, to make her happy she still cant decide3 between a dude who she just met (who granted, is older and financially stable where im a student with no job and  in debt, its hard to compete when youre too broke to do nice things for you loved one or even take her out places because I just cant afford it) and myself. 

It tears me apart becuase I know deep in my soul that if she rejects me, ill never be able to fill the hole in my heart and mind she will leave. Shes the one for me, truly, I mean that. I reallyw ish i didnt because this situation would be so easy then. But I do. And I dont know what to do.

Ive thought about just uprooting and leaving everythinga nd starting over somewhere, but i cant. I cant get her out of my head so noma tter where I go ill be haunted forever. I want it to end, I want the pain to stop. My last serious GF that i loved was a bitch and i built up a wall around my heart after she hurt me deeply. Now my wall has finally been torn down after years of my baby picking at it, just to turn and leave me once it came down.  I dontt hink I can put up another one around me. Its just too much weight. I have no hope, nothing akes me happy, I have no motivation, I dont even want to sleep anymore. I cant do any of my previous hobbies because I just have no desire to, nothing is enjoyable anymore. Im alone now bc i ended up severing ties with all my old friends years ago when i moved to go to school...

If anyone has any help i would seriously appreciate it, sorry for the long read and shitty typing.