Feeling like taking my life for a whileThe whole wave of negativity started about 3 months ago, when I failed two main exams at school. After this unfortunate event, many others followed. For some reasons, my colleagues grew distant from me. I sort of drifted to the edge of society, being labeled as a ''creep'' and an outsider. Every time I'd attempt to start a conversation or approach a girl would result in a shameful 
failure. I would try to set goals, but I always failed them and ended up having only bad days. As such, I've been resorting to the Internet for solace, because you can be accepted for who you are.

I'm even failing at that, too. Even online, I simply cannot make one interesting post, as all of them are regarded as stupid and labeled shitposts. Every time I attempt to post in a subreddit, somebody calls me insane, I cuss them and then I get banned. This convinced me that I am socially incompatible. At school, everybody thinks I'm a loser and picks on me. In fact, I believe that I'm a loser, because all I ever do online is write ridiculous stories (which often don't hold and I get called out for being a liar) because my life is so pathetic and boring. I have officially came to the conclusion that EVERYTHING that I'm doing is absolutely useless. Nobody cares about my dumb history facts, nobody cares about my even dumber sympathy for the USMC and nobody cares about my shitty life. I'm too ashamed to talk to my parents about this (as they'd probably punish me), and I can't talk about it to a counselor. Since I am failing every single time at something, I feel like a worthless shit. But then I think how easy it would be to grab a knife and finish my pathetic self off. Maybe that is what I should do, and I'll get rid of all the hate and malice that this world has to offer. With my low self-esteem and non-existent confidence, I feel like I don't have a direction or place in life, so why shouldn't I just end my misery?

But then again, some smarty pants will come and take down this post for ''trolling''. Do whatever you please with this post. The only reason I came here is because random users, who desperately pleaded for me not to take my own life, told me that this is a place where someone would give a f*ck about my problems. 