I wrote this today*I'm not looking for attention so do as you may but I don't think any of you can change my mind. I just wanted the comfort of knowing that someone out there knows why I am doing this.*

&amp;#x200B;

Some people think I’m entitled. Some people think that I complain too much. Some people think that I get everything I want. Some people think I’m lazy. Some people think I give everyone. Some people think that I am a leech. Well, these people aren’t students from school or friends online and/or friends in real life. These people aren’t even neighbors or cousins. No. These people are my family. The people I’m supposed to love unconditionally for my entire life. The people who are SUPPOSED to have my back, I hate it here (obviously). But, If I say that, then I’m overreacting because “I have lived here for 5 years,” and “I’ve lived with her for 38.” Everything I say just isn’t important and I’m overreacting. They wonder why “You don’t trust me. You only trust your friends.” Why? Well, I only trust one friend, Emily S. and I don’t want to even write about the things I’ve lied about think that “Whatever. Everyone here is fake anyway.” I hate myself enough as it is. I know I’m ugly, fat, and mean. I know that. But, they aren’t making it better. The few times I have opened up to them I get yelled at for one thing or the other, “It was your fault that happened!”; and “ I’ve been through worse.” I’ve called a suicide hotline before, not because I was going to commit suicide, but because I needed a friend. Is that too much for a 10-year-old to want, a fucking friend. Someone to talk to that wouldn’t just relay that information to their mother, or tell the rest of the family. I didn’t want to be yelled at, I just wanted someone to listen, but instead, that’s what ended up happening. I got on the phone for 1 ½ hours with my mother to “Talk about why you’re sad.” I didn’t want that. I wanted someone outside who would listen for 30 minutes. Now I’m 13 and I don’t just want someone to talk to anymore. I actually want to kill myself. It feels like life only gets worse. Nothing is going to get better until I move out. Not move out of Flora’s apartment, but move away from my mother and father and aunts and uncles and anyone in between. I just want to leave. I want to go to a different planet because even places like Japan and Korea are too close. I hate everything. I’m a stubborn person, and I’m sure you remember Darian and the last text he sent. Well, I don’t think I want to be stubborn anymore. I hate everything. I just wish someone could take me far, far away from this place. Not her apartment, but from my body, from this life, from this world. I want everyone to just leave me alone. I want someone to respect my opinion. I don’t even think I can list all of the things that have lead me to this point, there are so so so many. I wish that my horrible memory could do me one good. Just help me forget. I wish I could just fall asleep and live in a dream. A dream where I’m a princess in a big poofy dress, and I have magical powers and people actually respect me. What did I do to deserve this? What could I possibly have done in a previous life to server this? Because a family this bad has to be deserved. I can’t have just been unlucky enough to have been born. Who no what kind of luck is that. I want to live life, but I don’t want to live it as A. M. anymore. That name disgusts me. I disgust me. This all bullshit. I wish that everyone would just fade away. I am planning my suicide, and I don’t feel bad anymore. I don’t feel bad about what is going to happen to my parents or friends and family. I hate everything and nothing is going to change that. You know there were a few times where I almost cried. But I didn’t cry and now that I am done writing this, I can cry but I won’t. The tears won’t flow. Usually, I say I want to die as a spur of the moment thing, but today I mean it. My life has gone to shit, and me growing up just isn’t going to change that. I have heard everything online “You’re worth it.” “You matter.” “Everything will change.” But if those things were true then things would change faster. I am tired of being alive and every second on this earth pains me, so I am going to die. I will take that one thing into my own hands. I won’t let things outside like asthma coronavirus or natural fucking causes take me. I am doing to myself. I will start the planning today, I want to see Emily again, give her one last hug, so I’ll do it that night. I will slit my throat using a kitchen knife and make sure that I was the one to have the wheel in the last few moments, no one is deciding this but me and I’m happy to know that I get to have the last laugh. 