i know how it’ll turn outim 19, life going nowhere, grades aren’t too good, home life sucks n I’ve always been mentally ill and i don’t have anything to live for anyway. i don’t have hopes or dreams anymore

i can’t take living at home where im constantly ridiculed and insulted by my mother everyday. she thinks bc she takes care of her children that she gets to talk shit to them whenever she feels like and we’re not allowed to respond. i didn’t ask to be born so i don’t get why she complains about doing basic childcare like im sorry you decided to have kids why are you punishing me for existing. i can’t take this anymore and there’s no way out because I don’t have a car, a job, a license, or money to do anything about this situation. literally just tonight she was yelling at me and i didn’t even do anything to be yelled at over. while she was ranting I didn’t even say a word, yet she persisted for 10 minutes telling me how useless I am. I can’t take it and there’s no way to change that. it feels like im already as good as dead 

i attempted suicide last year and im tempted to do it again. i just don’t want to be in this same situation. my life is so idle, I don’t do anything ever. i spend all day in my room in silence doing nothing alone everyday of every month while im not at school on campus. i dont have hobbies or interests, my body aches, i feel sick, and even when i out things out for me to do, i look at them and i don’t even do them.

i can’t even explain how i feel much more. i guess most of the reason i would like to die lies in my disdain for life and living. its not fun, and it hasn’t been fun for a long time. im on two anti depressants and one anti anxiety but i got sloppy and stopped taking them mostly because i just don’t care anymore. even if the chemicals in my brain got better it won’t take me out of the situations that I’m absolutely stuck in. i believe im only still here because i haven’t had the courage to do it yet. since I’ve been off the meds i think maybe I’ll get back to that point soon. i just don’t care anymore. life isn’t the same, it’s not for me. I’m surrounded by such negativity that all i am is negative now.

i don’t know what the point of me typing this was but i needed to. thanks