How do you persist?I'm at a point again in my life where I've lost the only person who has ever meant anything to me.

We were both selfish in our own ways and she isn't willing to try and work on the problems. We've been in a relationship for over 5 years. Everything I've ever done, I've done for her.

Now she's gone and won't acknowledge me at all.

I was done with being single. the stupid games, the constant pursuit of someone that doesnt want you back. I was happy.

I had just moved back to our home state after a year break and has only been back a month or so when she broke it off again. I didn't have time to put in effort to fix our issues. 

I just don't like being alive. I used to think that gaming with friends and such made me happy, but it doesn't. My family is great and supportive, but I'm still miserable.

I've put on a face to show I'm doing fine. I have my own apartment for the first time in my life. Which I thought would be great, turns out, it's just really lonely.

My new job is nice, but I've never lived for work and it doesn't bring me any kind of joy.

I'm dieting and losing weight, and I've made progress, but again, it just seems so pointless.

At the end of the day I just want make dinner and talk with her about making things right again.

It isn't that I can't live without her, it's just I don't see the point. Everything is bland and empty. I've never enjoyed being alone, and I'm constantly alone now. I don't have any reason to be happy and when I try to come up with reasons, nothing excites me.

My little brother is 19 but he already had one friend kill himself in high school and I don't want to do it to him again. but I just have no reason to exist anymore. I don't want to pursue some other "fish in the sea." I hate fishing. i just legitimantly have no purpose and nothing makes me feel anymore.

so how do you do it? how do you find meaning in a world where you don't matter at all? I'm talking about wanting to live yourself, not for others. as much as people care, they aren't me and to exist in pain isn't an existence I want to have.