I'm seeing less and less reason to not kill myselfI've been here a few times before and have outlined my situation so I'll just quote those

&gt;I'm trans, can't go on hormones due to a fairly rare medical complication. I have no genital sensation due to a botched circumcision which likely cannot be corrected through surgery. I've had plenty of girlfriends but it never worked out out (gender issues mostly) now that I'm out its so much worse. Any strong emotions I've ever had for anyone have been unrequited. No one wants to be near me, I get laughed out of queer bars and I am in a large supposedly LGBT friendly city. I'm a "girl" until the pants come of then whoever I happen to be with realize I'm not really female despite their liberal sensibilities. I've heard plenty of talk about how lesbians are okay with trans chicks but honestly my best guess is thats just talk. I don't blame them. I've been beaten more then once in public by strangers because of how I look. I've been raped and wrestling with the PTSD is exhausting me. Nothing is intellectually stimulating. I'm at the end of a one year promise (to not do anything permanent) from my last suicidal period and I promised I would at least reach out one more time if things were still this way. I'm involved in an early intervention program but nothing they've done has really helped me. Nothings got better, worse actually. I feel alone I feel empty and the more time that passes the more I want to end it all.

&gt;&gt;Things have gotten worst, I'm unemployed and was fired for being trans (it was in the first three months so they didn't need to give cause but I found this out from one of the store managers). My psychosis has got worse and I am having visual hallucinations. Possibly because a started anti androgens. That just means I had to stop them. I don't know how much more of this I can take honestly.

The situation hasn't changed much since then. Schools over, I still can't find a job, I'm spending about thirty hours a week looking now. I've taken the free time to go to the gym more often cause everyone seems to think that will help. It doesn't it just makes me feel more terrible about my gender issues. The hallucination's didn't go away after stopping hormone treatment like my doctor had said. I'm still afraid of killing myself, but it's getting to the point where the fear of slitting my wrists and just being done with it seems less scary then living out the rest of my life. I really don't know what more to say. I have honestly fucking tried. I've done everything people and doctors told me to. I tried new things, I've kept myself open socially, took my meds. I don't know anymore.  