The Logical SuicideAll you teens and twenty-somethings out there … please do me a favor, tell me what you think … pretend for a minute that I am your father. Imagine for a moment, YOU aren’t fucked up, I AM. I’m mid-to-late 50’s, I was a good dad. Raised you “right” - whatever the fuck that means, but I was there for you, I loved you, I taught you about life, love, money, survival, caring for people, how to ride a bike, how to drive a car, etc. All the things Dad’s are supposed to do (and a few super fun things I don’t think Dad’s are supposed to teach their kids :) ), and while not perfect (there’s no manual), I was pretty damn good at it. I made sure you had enough of everything you needed, and some of what you wanted. Paid for your college. You are out on your own now and yeah, you are struggling to find out who you are and what you want to do. Still don’t know what kind of career path you want to take. What kind of LIFE path you want to take. Me? I’m suffering. You don’t see it much because you are out on your own, as it should be. I’m miserable. I’m Depressed with a capital D. Suicidal. I’ll only live another 20 years or so anyway. I’m not happy. My life is, for all practical purposes, over. Yours, however, is just beginning. The 20 year term-life insurance I bought when you were little is expiring in 4 months. It’s 1.5 million, and yes, it will pay in the event of suicide (I checked). I’ve got another 1.5 million in investments that, if I live to a ripe old age, will simply be consumed by diapers and nursing homes. So if i live out my life all that is gone, as am I. But I have another idea. I see your bright future and beautiful spirit. I see your talent, your dreams, your aspirations, your desires. Music, travel, helping others. You are a beautiful spirit and I want to help you share it with the world. I want to give you one last gift. And I have to decide in the next 4 months. So I decide to kill myself. I write long, loving letters, explaining that I simply had a disease, like cancer, and I couldn’t get better. And that I love you. God do I love you! I want you and your brother to have this money to make your life what you want it to be. I want you to have a life full of “want-to’s” instead of “have to’s”. I’m happy to make this sacrifice. I WANT to make this sacrifice. Always and forever, I would do anything for you, and I want to do this last thing. This is my choice. Now you can make your life what you want it to be. I’m so proud of you both. I Love You. 

So .......... seems logical to me. 