Life on stopDepression. It's such a tease. You get these highs. It comes back with ease.

A life is on stop. The walls, they all melt. The beauty forgotten, the pain that is felt.

The debt it is rising, the toll is too high, forcing our hand, try to get by but the heat of the night it is sweltering still, the mornings that come, still freezing the will. The heart is still heated, but the soul is so cold, there's no one around to have and to hold.

A life is on stop, but green makes you go. Youre chasing the money with nothing to show, so slow is the clock, still fast goes the time, nothing else matters but chasing the dime. 

The sorrow is building and tearing you down,  hollow now fills the void in the ground. The ashes are spread, the flowers are placed, a cry can be heard outside of this place. Far away yet lingering loud, a cry can be heard that will never be found.

A life is on stop, high on the ledge. the mask is now off, the pain will now show, to everyone below, it's my time to go. Not one more day, no more to pledge, no more time for life on the edge. No more to give and no more to cry, no will to give not one more goodbye. 

A life is on stop, as the rain turns to snow, a calling is heard, six feet below. The voices are heard, passing you by, the voices are heard, it's my time to die. The barrel is cold when pressed to the head, wait for a reason you shouldn't be dead. Nothing is heard as the snow piles deep, nothing is heard and now you're asleep.

A life is on stop, where is rewind, why cant I go, what's wrong with my mind? A life is on stop, but it speaks to you still, it tells you there's more, it gives you the will, it bleeds you to death and fills you with life, it hands you the gun and it hands you the knife.

Nothing is done, no one to blame, no one to fear and no one to shame. The knife it is dull, the gun it is jammed, the ledge is fenced off, then what is the plan? 

The pain will be gone, as will the love, the chance at this life, and the fun had above. The movies and games, the flowers and trees, the colors and lights and the people that tease, these thoughts in your mind, of this darkest disease.

Depression. 

It's such a tease. You get these highs. It comes back with ease. Call someone else, try a new drug, still there are those who just need a hug. If we die, we suffer more later,  the ones you didn't think, the fool and the hater. A message is sent, the pain that you stave, sends a lost soul, straight to the grave.

This post inspired by justinbb6899, and his thoughtful [poem](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/eqy2fj/depression_is_a_tease/)