I see no hope for myself - considering ending itI'm sure this is nothing unique on the subreddit and I might not even check for responses, but I figure I have nothing to lose by talking about myself here, so here goes. My girlfriend of about three years broke up with me a few days ago, the only person who I've ever felt a true connection to and built up more trust with than anyone over time, and the full impact of it is really taking its toll. It's kind of forced me to take a look at how my life really is at this point in time, and the short answer is complete shit. Social anxiety is the worst it's ever been for me and it's only been getting worse. I've been unable to socialize a healthy amount like most other people my age, get a job or do normal everyday stuff like have a conversation with someone without feeling like I'm going to have a full fucking meltdown. I'm afraid that at this rate I'm not even going to be able to function normally and I'll be completely left behind in the real world (in just about every aspect imaginable), not to mention school is stressing me out the worst at this time of year and there's the added pressure of also figuring out what I'm going to do at uni next year *and* the fear of uni itself as a completely new environment. This extends even further into my overall fear of the future, something that's way too broad to concisely sum up here let alone get my own head around (worse, considering I originally started this whole post off with a "long story short"). As you can imagine one thing leads to another and my self-esteem is basically non-existent. I try to view things as objectively and logically as possible but can't help but feel (as cliche and frankly cringe-worthy as this sounds) that I'm either a burden or mean nothing at all to the few people around me I have some kind of relationship with. Over the past few years I've tried counselors and medication and the most it's ever done is make me hopeful for a short time but not actually improve anything in the long run; the person that was there for me and actually make me feel the most genuine happiness was my girlfriend, who - after a series of complications between us I won't go into here - ended up breaking up with me because I was being too "clingy" (I'm mentioning this not to slander her but as a demonstration of my own character; me holding her in such high regard must have resulted in behavior that troubled her enough to break up with me). Most of what I'm feeling right now is because of her - that feeling you've lost someone you'll never be able to replace no matter how hard you try, but you don't feel like ever trying again because it's hopeless in the long run - and even while we were together I was *still* having serious doubts and occasional breakdowns over anxiety and fear over, well, everything. At least then I had someone who would listen - who I'd be *willing* to open up to - and would actually understand and personally relate to some degree. Now I feel like talking to anyone about the state of things is a lost cause. I'm not even typing this out for anyone in particular - the subreddit popped up when I googled something about efficient suicide methods, something I'm still seriously considering as an option. I won't criticize the usual attempts at comfort ("it all gets better, suicide is never the option") even though they'll likely make no difference to me whatsoever, and I'll try not to be overly cynical or pessimistic. Personal anecdotes probably won't have too much of an impact on me unless they're something super relatable that I connect to on some kind of emotional level. To me the more professional the advice the better, but this might all be coming off the wrong way. No one is obligated to try and sway me in any direction (that's your choice - I figure because of the setting at least a few people will take that step, which I'd be dumb to attack), or feel concern or remorse for anything that happens after. At the same time I feel that this is all a little conflicting, because if this isn't a last cry for help, what is it? Maybe it's for my own temporary benefit, an attempt to clearly and cohesively map out everything I'm still struggling to make sense of inside me, one last written confirmation that everything has turned to shit, and I happened to come across the subreddit at a time I felt all this was necessary. I'll just let these words sit for now. (Thank you for reading, really.)