I don't want to die.I know that things get better. I know that things change. I know that death is a "permanent solution to a temporary problem". I fucking KNOW. That's why it drives me insane!!! Knowing that happiness is possible, yet out of reach. Or that other people KEEP it out of reach, knowingly or not. Or that I'm going to have to work for it, for a very long time, to just MAYBE be able to relax and enjoy life. And the things I want are so fucking stupid to say out loud. What does this greedy human being want? A job where I can make a fucking living wage (yeah I'm looking at you, United States - you WASTELAND OF MORONS). I'm not asking for anything extravagant. I'm an intelligent person! I'm a hard worker! I LOVE to learn! I can't afford to go to school though! Fuck me, right??? I must be asking for too much by wanting to LEARN and get a JOB and be USEFUL and PRODUCTIVE and live HAPPILY AND COMFORTABLY! I'm 28 and I have absolutely nothing to show for all the work I've done or hell I've been through (a whole other story I won't bother with). I have no relief in sight. I had a couple of years where I turned to drugs, specifically heroin (and I'm sad that I was revived from my accidental overdose - it wasn't just painless, it was amazingly pleasurable, and then there was nothing at all, infinitely, heaven) because I couldn't afford the mental, physical, or dental health that I needed/need. In pain??? Too bad! You can't afford to get that fixed! It's fucking cheaper to pick up a heroin habit, and it sure will make those aches and pains go away too. The mental wouldn't even exist for the most part (at least my depression, maybe my anxiety too) if I could go to school or get a job making a living. No one should have to beg for these things! I've never felt so hopeless in my life. Not only for myself but for humanity as a whole. I wish I could spread my misery like a plague because if we can't all be happy then no one should. Only then people would finally care enough to start to change things. But as long as some asshole out there is satisfied with the way things are, things will stay the same. I pulled myself out of addiction, thinking that being proactive and enduring endless BULLSHIT would help me get anywhere in life and it's done nothing! At least when I was on heroin I had something to look forward to, something that provided some fucking relief. I have nothing and no one, my fiancee is bipolar and it seems like I'm just good to keep around so she can blame me for everything wrong in her life. I'm sure she'll read this. I wish you would put yourself in my shoes, Ann. I finally understand why some people feel like suicide is the only answer. I refuse to be alive and suffering for no reason if I don't have to. I would love it if this world changed, or at least gave me a chance, but we all know that won't happen. And I'm tired of feeling so lost, scared, depressed, alone, hopeless, abused, uncared about...I'm tired of constantly busting my ass and getting nowhere, and feeling pathetic, like an abandoned child looking for their mother, wishing that someone would hug me and wipe my tears and tell me it'll be okay now... I'm tired! I can't take much more! None of us should! I can only hope that everyone out there suffering can find an escape or a better life somehow. As far as I'm concerned, a heroin habit never looked so promising. And maybe one day, I'll take my final nod off into oblivion.