i’ve decided not to stay

I have been using reddit for years now and this will be the first and last post i’ll make. Still not really sure why i am even typing this up, considering ive already made my decision and posting this could be considered as some kind of call for help, but im stubborn as fuck and never was someone to turn on my decisions. 
I just turned 21 and i this is it for me. My life wasn’t bad, i had great friends, a loving family and, even when saying this at my age sounds naive, think to have experienced true love. I do know im young and i know there is so much more but im honestly just so tired. The last 11 years i was accompanied by severe depression, social anxiety, and an ever lasting suicidal tendency. I can’t remember when the last time was when i went to bed and wasn’t thinking about killing myself  and what a waste of space my existence is.
I’ve been researching dying by asphyxiation some weeks now and even though 2018 was the worst year for me since my father died when i was eleven this is the year where i decided im not gonna stay and i have got about a month late to prepare some things and maybe cross if some things in my little bucket list. Its weird tho comparing last year where i stopped my year long journey of working out, lost my girlfriend of 4 years and a lot of friends, was stuck not knowing what to do with life, to this year where i found a great job, gained so much confidence, picked up lost and new hobbies and found myself again, I really cannot go on any longer. Life just lost it’s appeal to me and i’ll be forever sorry doing this to my family and friends. I just really miss my dad and want to join him even though i do not believe in heaven but i hope i’ll find him someday. Since i don’t wanna talk about this to anyone i wanted to post this just to get it out of my system i guess, sorry for the long as fuck and probably boring text wall haha.

I guess that was all of it, sorry for my english and i wish everyone of you the strength to go on, even though i lost it.