My girlfriend told my family about my suicidal thoughtsSo recently I've been having more suicide thoughts, so much so that I've been thinking about doing it 3 times this week. Everytime I have these thoughts, I tell my girlfriend about it and she usually calms me down and talks to me about it. But today i was at my girlfriend's house and she got mad at me about something I did that made us not able to go on this huge date that we've been planning. She got really mad at me and started yelling at me, which she had never done before. I, of course, get super insecure about this and my suicidal thoughts kick in because of the kinds of things she's saying. I start crying and she sees and immediately stops, comes by my side, and starts apologizing profusely for the things she said. My suicidal thoughts were probably the worst they've ever at then and i just couldn't control myself. I was just curled up on her couch crying, replaying the things she said in my mind over and over again. Meanwhile, she's trying to get the thoughts to leave my head by talking to me and trying to calm me down but its not working. Then after about 30 minutes,  I tell her im actually wanting to kill myself, like I was going to do it later that day. She starts crying and sends a text to my mom to come over to her house asap. My mom comes and my gf tells her about my suicidal thoughts. My mom talks to me about it and asks my gf to come over to my house so she can talk with the whole family about it. She comes and she sits down with my parents and brother about whats going on with me. They react very caringly and tell me they are here for me and that if I need to see a therapist I can. This was the first time I ever talk to my family about this and I was super scared of doing it. I was afraid they would judge me get mad at me or something but they were really helpfully and showed they cared about it. Hopefully, seeing a therapist would help my depression and suicidal tendencies.

Edit: Thank you guys for the responses. I'm honestly a bit scared for the future but if I get better at the end of all this, then it will be worth it.