I just need a way outHi. I come from a small, shitty, poor european country, from a poor family. For my whole life my dad was either without a job, or was working as a fucking slave for min. wage that was barely enough for us to survive. Altough he denied it, i think he was suffering, and still is from PTSD from the war that was here in the 90's. When I was little, he beat us and my brothers, and drank a lot, but he doesn't anymore, perhaps because we grew up or he changed, or both.

For my whole life, I was trying to fit in, and have never been the one who i truly am. Im 18 now, and wherever I go, i feel like I dont belong there, so I always pretended to be different so I would be accepted. I have never been honest with anyone, and have never made any true friends.


In my class, Im surrounded by people who talk around me, and the noise is so loud that all the voices blend into some unarticulated mumbling, and I find myself being physicaly there, while my mind is somewhere far away, wondering what is the best way to get out.

I have lost interst in the stuff i used to like, and i have failed to get anything started finished. I dont know who I am anymore, what I want or what I wanted. Maybe I have never been anyone. 

For my whole life, I was being teased, I was an excellent student, but that never brought me anything good. They were all like "pffft man its easy for you you get all the good grades without studying a bit" but all i wanted was to live a normal life, which they all had. I am unable to follow the dreams i had, but that doesn't really matter now, does it

The weight is fucking hard, and I cant bear it anymore, and just need a way out... I have distanced myself from all the people i know, and i barely speak to my family altough we love together. I just waste my time listening to shitty music, staring at the desktop or the new tab page. I don't have the energy to live another day, to pretend more and more every day, every day being crushed by people shitting all over me. I just can't do it, every new day is painfull

I have been having suicidal thoughts for months, maybe years but recently, i have started to feel that I am getting closer to commiting it.I found myself going to the kitchen and grabbing a knife, or walking to the bridge and looking in the water from the edge... 
