A piece of my personality and my soul dies a little everydayI was on venlafaxine and was fine on it for years doing great had a fantastic life and then I came off it very slowly from jan to june this year and then from sept onwards my anxiety has only worsened every day is a battle to stay alive to fight dark horrible Intrusive thoughts and urges to not harm myself to remember who I am even.
I was taking sertraline to begin with and I didn’t give it enough time to work. Thought ok I’ll go back on venlafaxine cause it worked before but it really isn’t working to me. The only thing that has slightly returned is my appetite and that’s it, I’m just as anxious as before and now I’m on even ore medication. Valium Seroquel zimovane propranolol and I barely make it through a day without trying to harm or kill myself. I have no quality of life I go nowhere I mostly just hide under my duvet from everyone cause I’m scared I will hurt them. I am get  agitated through most of the day v forgetful and get quite confused. I don’t even say the same things I used to anymore I don’t speak with any confidence or clearly. I can’t even bare to look in the mirror and I have a wall of mirrors on wardrobe doors so I have to open one and so I don’t see myself. I am triggered by almost everything I get Scared by words in conversations words, on paper, I feel terrified even standing outside sometimes I don’t even go downstairs I’m terrified of who I am and who I’m becoming I’m literally so scared of even leaving my room or hearing people in the house my anxiety and depression is literally ruling my whole life I don’t know how to cope any more I don’t feel like used to and everyone keeps telling me it will get better but it hasn’t it only feels worse. The Seroquel is horrible the feeling is too intense and I don’t like it at all but I don’t know what else to do aside from the obvious. I’m trapped in this house so I can’t run and kill myself if I jump out the window I likely won’t die and I’ve tried hanging numerous times but the sensation and the pain in my neck and throat is too much for me to bare. I’m literally trapped in my mind my home and in this life I have a family a daughter that I barely go near cause I’m scared to be around her my partner irritates me as soon as he opens his mouth. That’s not me none of this is me I die a little bit every single day