I'm a stupid whore who shouldn't be alive, the fuck.I just want to be skinny holy shit. Why do I keep eating. Why don't I have the self control I had when I was 17. Why is it so much harder. I just don't want to be here any more. I don't want to be a hooker, but I can't live working nine hours every fucking day for a pittance just barely getting by. Don't know why the fuck I thought I should go back to uni, that was dumb as fuck. It's week seven and I haven't even opened blackboard. I missed my first placement and hoo boy bet I'll miss the second. 

What am I doing. Why am I here. Why have I struggled so hard for so long, 12 years now, to stay alive when I've barely enjoyed 10% of my time here. I've promised so many people that I won't try to kill myself again and I want to break that promise tonight. I just want to sleep, for it to be over. I don't want to have to think about food or my weight or my rapists or my PTSD or the stupid fucking happy, calm smile I have to put on my face when a client gets aggressive, even though my heart's beating out of my chest, because I know that if he sees my fear he's more likely to hurt me. 

I don't want to have to breathe - in and out - when the panic and the self hatred rises without warning in my throat, suffocates me, incapacitates me, dominates me. I don't want to have to try so hard to be normal, to stand and make small talk and be pleasant and not a fucked up, scared little girl who had her childhood ripped away from her, who couldn't talk to someone outside her family until 21, who doesn't know what she's doing or what to say or who to trust or what to do with her hands. They should have aborted me. I wish they did. I know I can do it. I know I'm strong enough to kill myself. But I can't because who will find me? My dog? My roommate? And what if there's an afterlife, what if it's worse? I've committed every deadly sin by now, surely. So here I am. Stuck. Inert. I don't even cry anymore, I used to cry so hard when it came. I used to hide under the desk and scream soundlessly into my hands.

I wish I was dead. I wish I was dead. I wish I was dead.