EX left me and now I don't feel like being here.Hello,

I posted initially on r/relationships but it was removed and I was directed here.


I need help. My therapist appointment is not until the end of November as it’s the earliest I can find but I need help now. This is being posted from an alt account.



My (22F) ex-boyfriend (28M) left me exactly a month ago. He got an offer to do his apprenticeship up North (we live in Ontario). He would have to leave June 2018 and be there for a year, possibly two if they like him. It is not really possible to ever see him during that time as it is on a military base and hard to get to. The relationship was not perfect, however it was great. He is the first person I saw in my future, we had a good thing going and he even admitted that.



He left saying the following: “I would rather us end on good terms so we can have a future together instead of going away for 1-2 years and ruin what we have.” “If we stay together until June then it will be harder and harder to leave”. He is convinced LDR does not work as he tried one before. He says he is afraid of cheating on me even though “he would never but a year-two is a long time, at least it is for me”. I don't know what happened in his last LDR but I feel like there was cheating on someones part.
He would like to be friends/best friends before he leaves because “the best marriages come from having a best friend foundation”. He has said he sees himself marrying me and that I would be a good wife/mother. He was very offended when I told him I couldn’t be his friend as it’s too hard and that I don’t want to marry someone who would abandon me. He said “you’ll understand later” and that was the last conversation we had. I fought very hard to change his mind and to try the distance and I almost succeeded but in the end he left. I gave him back a lot of things I kept like our movie stubs and fancy dinner receipts and that also offended him. He cried during all of our conversations regarding this and kept hugging me as if I was dying or something... said he loved me several times.




I have since deleted him off FB, deleted #, unfollowed on Instagram. He still follows me and views the Instagram stories I post occasionally. I know that the best course of action is to block him on Instagram but I am so terrified as it will cut the last connection I have to him. His sister messaged me and told me he told her we broke up but that he will always love me, as if I have died or something.
He has a messed up childhood. He was abandoned at 7 years of age and grew up in abusive group homes. Did illegal things during that time to survive. Developed anger problems and a drinking issue that he is trying to control. Has not seen a therapist as he lost his benefits. It is really hard for me to be mad at him but I realize that at 29, he should have some sort of a handle on this.



I have been drunk and hungover all month long. My work stats have declined and my body has started to shut down entirely. I feel lethargic, I care about nothing. I cry every day at my desk, in my bed, on the way to work/home, in the bathroom. Everyone keeps saying time will heal but all it is doing it making me worse. When I was 18-19 I was on anti depressants as I had developed severe depression and was suicidal after I quit modeling (was living in foreign countries since 14, never home and the industry is really bad for girls in their developing stages). I have literally reverted back to that. All I can think about is "Hey, what if I jumped in front of this car?" or "Maybe if I took all the pills I can find in this house I can finally go away". My brain hurts. I want to go back on anti depressants but they are tough. The only reason I haven't done anything is because I would forever hurt my family and they don't deserve that. He is on my brain 24/7 and even in my dreams. I have two jobs so I literally cannot be any busier but my jobs provide no distraction. I have been dragged out left and right by friends and roommates but I usually just cry on the nights out. Nothing is helping and I am losing all will to live.



I cannot stop hoping that he will come back but even if he does, how can I ever forgive him for obliterating my heart? I don't understand what i've done to this universe to deserve this. I never yelled at him, never swore. I took care of him when he was sick, I drove him around everywhere whenever I had the car. I listened to him, I paid attention etc etc. Why do I keep meeting men that either cheat on me (my ex before him did) or think they will cheat on me? I feel like my heart has been ripped out, stepped all over and thrown into a wood chipper or something. I feel like trash.



Has anyone gone through something like this? Has anyone gotten back together with an ex years later?