I don't deserve to live any longerI've been depressed since an extremely young age and severely depressed since middle school. Every single person in early middle school hated my natural personality to the point where a medium size group of students used me as their punching bag to mess with and bully on a daily basis. I eventually couldn't take it anymore so I created a completely false personality that I used to become more well-liked; I could never master it well enough to actually make meaningful friends but I became quietly tolerated by most of those around me. I basically functioned and blended in for a while until I eventually became so insufferably self deprecating and neurotic that even my intended fake personality was not enough to keep myself tolerated and I have since lost nearly all human connection and contact due to being unbearable to be around.
     Nothing that is a problem in my life was a result of unfair circumstances or the actions of others; I just failed to be adequate while given every opportunity in the world. I come from a middle class family and I was fortunate enough to have a very mild degree of inherent intelligence which I mostly utilized to please those around me by bringing home shiny test scores I had absolutely no passion or interest in obtaining. I even ended up getting into a relatively decent university despite being a huge piece of shit who never left the house or had any defining interest, hobby, or talent. Just from the orientation, however, I can already tell that I will not have any friends in college simply because everyone who attends the school is rightfully self confident, optimistic, and interesting, with unique and compelling actions and interests whereas I am just a slime-ball of paper stats without an ounce of individuality, substance, or authenticity. I even got bored enough to throw together a shitty tinder profile and after using it kind of randomly for a few months I have yet to be matched to a single other person; I was not surprised by this result, as I know another living being has never found me attractive, nor should they.
     The only things keeping me from killing myself right at this exact moment are that I feel it would devastate my parents who don't deserve to go through intense pain just because they happened to bring a shitty son into existence and I feel it would be insulting and ungrateful for me throw away the opportunities and advantages I have been unfairly given in my life. If I had the opportunity to give all of my fortune to another individual instead of wasting it I would happily end my life tomorrow and do so. Every day I think about suicide and create elaborate plans to carry it out but I never follow through with them because I feel it would selfishly hurt those around me and I don't deserve to have the power to negatively impact others' emotions. I am in therapy and on antidepressants but they have not helped me. I spend my days doing absolutely nothing sleeping and thinking to myself in my room, endlessly wishing I could disappear without harming the emotions of another living being in the process.