How do you know it's legit?FYI: I'm not disputing the reality of "live on REDDIT suicides". Statistically, it must happen. I was just reading a guy who was giving play-by-play on suffocating (or maybe it's asphyxiate) himself, in his truck, using garden hose, tape, and his exhaust. I don't want to figure out if this can work or not - it probably can ... I'm wondering though if there aren't people who pretend to do this, who create a fake entry just to troll human pain.

I'm real ...

I'm middle-aged, burnt out, and very close to deciding to kill myself. I'm posting to REDDIT because I figure it is VERY unlikely that anyone will figure out who I am. I've been involved with the wrong people, I've had emotional blowouts, I've said things I regretted and now I'm responsible for my nephew smoking weed - which is bullshit, but it doesn't matter (that will be the narrative). Either I caused it or I condoned it - but in none of this do the parent's have any blame. Any who - if I kill myself? - there will be NO play-by-play. I will just be gone.

The thing keeping me from killing myself was this idea that I would "sadden" or "disappoint" family - but I remember how my family cherished the memory of my sister Nancy, when she died from cancer at 43 yo in 2012. Her memory was trampled on. Her kids even see their new mom as "the real" mom. She was mocked before she died and mocked after. Sure, sometimes they pretend to respect her memory ... mostly they mock. So no - disappointment and pain are not curses my cold-heart'd family would suffer from.

I have no kids, no job, no property. If I could live on a grow-op, work in the weed fields, live in a one room shack? - I'd do that job. But barring that or trying homelessness, there is little ahead for me. Yes - I have college degrees. Yes - I'm a computer programmer. No - if you think these things make my life meaningful and easy you haven't worked the same jobs as me.

I don't care if I ever write another line of code ...

I don't care what new technology comes out, next year, to justify lay-offs for high-margin cost health risks (meaning men/women &gt; age of 45) ...

I see through all the bullshit and I've published my shit on AMAZON. Written my novel, so to speak, and several other stories ...

But I won't do a play-by-play suicide ...

If I go, and I will probably be gone before Thursday, I will simply be gone.

No one will be shocked ...

The tears will dry, in days ...

And I will likely be mocked, by my siblings, as Nancy was after she died.

Just some truth from the suicide zone.