WaitingEveryday it's dwelling of thoughts of mistakes, the people that have taken advantage of me, most of which were friends, the things that I had no power to control in the past, thoughts that have completely destroyed my motivation and pretty much put everything that could have been me in the trash. 

I think about doing something with my life, getting a career, anything, but the thoughts are just like the skips in a good movie you're trying to watch. Sure, the movie may be good, but still, if it skips every few seconds, you couldn't really enjoy it. Every single thought of making good use of myself is coupled with the memories or thoughts of the past or future, and I'm just put down every single time.

I've tried to escape them, I've been successful a few times after some kind of positive thought came across my mind, but only managed to forget about them and somehow falsely felt like I was stronger and better than the mindset of the guy who was before that positive thought came along. After that, a day or three, I'm back the the same old thinking. It sucks to see people just like yourself doing the things that you wish you had the willpower to do but just can't. I'm depressed, unmotivated, and have problems that I know would just make everything worse than they are now in the future.

I'm killing myself in the upcoming months, 4 months at most. It's what I really want unless someone or something convinces me otherwise. There's no one I care enough about to not leave behind, not one person in my family, or my "friends" I've never cared about. Yes, I understand what kind of impact it would leave on some of them, but I think about it and force myself away and train myself to just forget about them and not care about them. I think about them, and I remind myself, every time, just don't care about them and cut them off. 

Researching and knowing the best methods, planning, and having shitty people in your life that won't go away just makes it easier to let go of so little. Why would I fight for this, and why would anyone fight for anything the don't want or see no benefit in if they're not forced to? I'm curious though, what is that something that could help me, and make everything better? I don't see it and I don't know what it is, and that makes me give up, but you would need to go on to find out if it's there, but it's easier said than done.



Talking about what is bothering me specifically feels out of place, and isn't very fitting to talk about in most places, but it's better to get something out than nothing. 

I'm thinking about getting help, but:

There's boundaries for what you're able to talk about with certain people, especially around a doctor, and that just makes it harder to get help. 

Medication is a huge turnoff, and unless someone forces me, I'm not going to want to take it. I don't think medication would be appropriate anyways.

Any experiences with doctors/therapy and/or medication for any mental illness? 

Why fight for something you don't want?

