I'm embarrassed to be so weak.I spent many years of my life on Prozac, since I was 16, and last February I finally decided it was time to go off of it. I'd been having nightmares due to the medicine, and the rest of my life had stabilized to the point that I (and my doctor) felt it was okay. Things were great; the nightmares stopped, my sex life improved, and I got to see the impressed look on my cousin's face when I told her I was totally off drugs. (Almost everyone in my family takes some kind of anxiety/depression medication.)

A few months after that, I started feeling paranoid. Angry. Depressed. You name a bad feeling, and I felt it. I withdrew from my social life, spent days yelling at my boyfriend, and nearly quit my job. The only way to describe it is that my brain was on fire. Sometimes I felt like I was living on the surface of the sun. There was this blistering rage, paranoia, depression, that blinded me from everything else in the world. If anything didn't go as I'd planned it, one tiny thing like the fro-yo place being closed, I'd lose all grasp on reality, rationality, and disappear into this horrific rage-beast, internalizing loathing for myself and externalizing the anger toward whoever I chose to blame for the modification of my plan. I began hitting myself again, as I had done in early high school, usually on the head, but sometimes I'd put on my dad's class ring and beat my thigh until I liked the bruises enough to stop. That deep pain, the way it flared in my mind and shut out all the other bad feelings, it burned away some of the mental pain I was in. But only for a while.

That time got better. I took a few weeks to myself, and I got through it. I had about three good months, maybe four, and then it all started again. After Thanksgiving, I started getting suspicious again. I've started to feel that my friends are lying to me, my family secretly thinks I'm pathetic, and my boyfriend thinks I'm crazy. I started snapping at friends during our tabletop gaming sessions, and every failure in my life became my boyfriend's fault. It has gradually gotten worse and worse until I'm back at the point where nothing good remains inside me, and it's worse than it ever has been. I can't find pride in the fact that I finally got a new job, I can't find love for my boyfriend of six years, and I can't even find satisfaction in reading, the one thing that always took me away from my shitty brain.

I have become suicidal. I'm going to my new job, listening to music, reading, watching TV, and no matter what I do, these thoughts are always in the back of my mind. I've been finding new music on Pandora, and I distinctly remember walking up the front steps of the local library to check out CDs. I realized in that moment that, though I was continuing to live my life as if it were normal, even though I was doing something that should bring me pleasure, I was still thinking of killing myself.

Yesterday I called my psychiatrist, and today his nurse called me back. I had planned to just say that I was having some anxiety problems, because that's what we've called it in the past, but I ended up telling her everything except the suicidal thoughts. I told her about paranoia, rage, depression, and my self-imposed isolation.

I don't want medication. I don't want nightmares. I don't want to be weak. I'm embarrassed to be going back to him at all; it feels like a failure. I was supposed to rise above it and "cope," and I'm not even capable of doing that. 