I'm such a pathetic loser...Instead of just taking care of myself, I constantly smoked weed, cigarettes and ate garbage. Like pure self-destruction and at a level that every sane person would look at and think: what the fuck am I doing.

When I quit I finally figured out: bruh. Life is fragile as fuck. I was a skinny kid who heavily abused his body for 9 years. So what I do is hit the gym 6 times per week. Get a healthy diet. Gain 20kg in weight and completely turn my life around.

The ultimate regret hits me so heavily though. I've done everything wrong and ruined everything.  How could I've been such a fool??? I become so emotional because I know it's extremely likely I will die soon. The depression overtakes me so heavily. I become beyond emotional and don't live with common sense anymore. Start to look at suicide as a solution. 

In a drunk impulse I send some messages to my ex that I miss her. She dismisses me and blocks me. New account and I tell her that I'm done with life, fuck improving, it's all pointless bullshit. Eh yea, dumb shit that I said that, but I was extremely depressed and didn't think about what I was doing. Then my ex gets angry. I explain myself to her but she obviously just thinks 'eh yea you smoked a lot and so on? not my problem that you were a fucking idiot. leave me alone' and she keeps engaging a bit and then blocking me. I'm in my emotional mind so I keep making new accounts all the time. She says I 'didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so I'm like 'but I've changed so much!!' so I try to save it by arguing with her about that 🙄 she was talking about irrational behavior so she explodes and writes a message to completely humiliate me. 

For like 6 months I constantly think about that shit all the time. I feel so sad and angry at her. The pain is so unbearable how she completely humiliated me (I did it to myself though) so I just spam her all the time, at first getting angry and insulting her back a bit, but later begging to talk it out and explaining myself. 

And now I'm just like: what the fuck was my problem... I'm such a pathetic loser for ending up in this situation. Weak! Irredeemable! I hate myself! Loser! Idiot!