Love: Lost in TranslationHi everyone.

I am a nineteen (19) year old college student in North America and my thought pattern of suicide edged itself thoroughly in my mind. I have been currently attending one-on-one counseling sessions, I am scheduled to attend a psychiatric evaluation tomorrow, Monday, February 20th; I have practiced meditation, and I disclosed my thoughts to two of my friends but...I don't feel it.

Yes, when my friends ask me, "what would you do if a meteorite struck me and *I* suddenly died?" I conjure up a generic response flavored with succulent adjectives. For example, "oh! I would uncontrollably quiver in a world of shock!" or something similar.

I love my friends. I love my family. I wish no harm unto others. And I believe my suicide would result in further emotional strengthening and dynamic character understanding qualities of those I love and have not met.

This excludes me. I do not love myself. Reasons for my self-intolerance range from physical attributes to inappropriate mental thoughts to what I eat for breakfast; all of it is despicable. 

Do others in this community feel similarly? Have others experience that *heart-wrenching invigoration* for people, but not themselves? Hearing my close friend Alice (a pseudonym) contemplate even the insignificant -- like her disgust caused by eyeing a fellow customer in the gelato line wearing a red and black plaid shirt with blue and green plaid shorts -- highlights my week.

The night seeps in, however, I am left with myself. Every night, I recognize the fact I lack the intellectual discipline to maintain sufficient grades, I recognize the fact I lack the physical attributes of an attractive person, I recognize the fact I lack the communication skills to chat with friends, I recognize the fact the fact I lack love for myself, I recognize the fact the fact I do not *want* to love myself.

A "suicide gesture" -- as my counselor calls them -- occupied my last Friday night. Forty minutes of me walking in middle class suburbia towards freight-train railroad tracks and squirming to find a seat on a freshly cut tree stump represents my "suicide gesture." In nineteen (19) years, the one last Friday marks number four (4).

My thoughts are scattered -- I apologize for my in-cohesive writing. I am going to try medication if my psychiatric evaluation deems it necessary, however, I ultimately want to be liberated from school responsibilities and financial responsibilities and even dental hygiene responsibilities. Mostly, I want liberation from a mind that has consistently scowled and insulted my existence. I want to kill myself. I need to kill myself.