Too YoungI'm young. 18 to be exact. Maybe that's average for reddit but its still young. Ever since I was 13 I've had thoughts of suicide though and it didn't take long for me to get a couple of attempts under my belt. I didn't have a particularly happy childhood with my parents being divorced and using me as a tool to try to hurt one another but I got through most of it with no one having a clue that I was trying to find a way out. I had fantasized about just running away before but as a broke fuck its kind of hard to. When I turned 17 or so I had pretty much made up my mind. We didn't have guns in the house and the only options available to me would have been extremely painful and slow so I told myself that as soon as I could afford to buy one, I'd go get a rifle from Walmart and shoot myself in the head. Long story short things didn't get any better between then and now and even though I know that you're going to say that I'm too young  to know this, I know that things aren't going to get better. Maybe its important to note that I was "diagnosed" with major depression and some anxiety problems by my old therapist, but I'm not going to try to blame them for my problems. I've made terrible decisions one after another and I've hurt a lot of people. My life is going downhill faster than even I had expected it to and frankly I just don't care anymore. Im jaded about just about everything and I am literally only a burden to those around me. Maybe some or all of that is just a depressed and hormonal teenager's angst which is what I've been told many times, but maybe I'm just sick of waking up every day and feeling filled with dread by the prospect of just existing. Maybe I'm tired of not being able to sleep most nights and only getting a couple of hours in when I can drift off to sleep. Im rambling a bit but my point is I'm sick of it. I dont want to see the world and I dont want to try to experience the parts of life that I haven't seen. I just want to leave. When I finish this I am going to drive to the neighboring city and throw myself off of a particular building and I will be gone. I'm sorry if this is the wrong place for this but I didn't know where else to go. Goodbye everyone