No hope leftWhen I was younger I always felt line things would click into place at some point as long as I kept going and didnt give up. Now, deep down I know i will never have any real happiness. 

My dad is the only thing keeping me alive. Dont want to ruin the rest of his life. Hes in his 70's...planning on shooting myself the day he dies.

Here is why:
Not necessarily suicide, or anything that would physically harm anyone.

I've got very little to live for and have not really experienced any sustained happiness in about 15 years. Looking for ideas of what to do to throw wrench in the spokes so to speak.

Anyone who really got to know me would consider me a loser of epic proportions. I'm an Intel, god I hate that word. Haven't had a girlfriend since I was 21 and I'm now 35 and it's not because I dont qant one. Even though I'm desperate for an emotional connection, my anxiety keeps me from ever pursuing a relationship. I freeze up.

Haven't really developed any real skills to speak of. My life summed up in a sentence would be " he has/had sl much potential." Always scored really well on IQ tests, not that they mean shit in terms of success or satisfaction. Most of them.place me around 135-136, so I know I'm of above average intelligence.

Growing up was a nightmare
Severe Terrets Syndrome (surely spelled wrong), ADHD, depression, and addiction. My stopped speaking with me about 5 years ago, even though I'd love to talk speak with her. She womt even responded to emails...but I cant really blame her. Was pretty awful to her growing up. My dad and I are close. Hes the only person I have any real emotional connection with. I know he loves me and cares about me. I feel somewhat close with my brother and sister, but deep down feel like they accociate with me out of pity or some kind of feeling of obligation. They'd probably be happier if I was never around.

I have 3 friends who I'm somewhat close with, but they all live in far off cities, so I never see them.

Ive struggled my entire life, and it has been one disappointment after another. Was in love once from 19-21, and am thankful I at least got to experience that even though it was short lived. Never really got over it when the girl broke up with me.

Came from an upper middle class background and am the black sheep. Everyone else is very successful..brothers a MD AMD my sister is vice president of sales for a tech company. Dads a Doctor and my mom was born into a wealthy family.

Assume I'll get some money when my parents die, but up till now there has been nothing. That's to say, I'm not a trust funder st least right now.

Somehow graduated with a degree that feels worthless. Have been arrested about 5 times mostly for weed, breaking into my parents house when I was 18 and still lived there but they had kicked me out and public intoxication. 

Have terrible credit and about $500 in my checking account. Never had a savings account or saved any money. Always been scraping by and living paycheck ti paycheck.

Finally managed to get a job that pays enough to not worry about paying rent and the basics.

Make about $60,000/ year with shitty benefits but the work is absolutely mind numbing and the work conditions are shitty. The job requires me to work for stretches of about 21-30 days, working 12 hour days, and Its all travel, to these shitty little towns about 3-6 hours where I live. I'll work 3-4 weeks, then have 3-6 days off. The culture is absolutely miserable. They realize nobody who has other options would take the job and they treat you with absolute contempt. Cant take any days off for any reason outside of your breaks in between work except for rare occasions. Even if you are extremely sick, they have ways to let you know you will be fired if you don't work.


Anyway, in a sense I kind of feel like I should be lucky I have this job, because given my baggage, I could easily be living on the street, but I'm just miserable.

A other thing that makes things even worse, is, and this is not a humble brag, that I'm physically attractive. I'm in good shape and handsome. Been told my entire life by random people I should be a model. Makes me feel like evem bigger of a weirdo
To look great but still not be able to find love. 

My dad is my only emotional connection. I'm ready to move on to whatever comes next with him. Cant take the thought of feeling even m ok re alone than I already do.
