Ready to go. Do not belong in this World.I've been battling with finding my place in this World since I was as young as I can remember. For a child, I was years ahead of everyone and showed incredible promise and was constantly praised by my teachers, parents, and relatives. Even throughout high school and all other grades, I was noticed by others as being incredibly very gifted and intelligent with little to no effort at school. My only problem is, that I've been alone all my life and have serious self image issues and SERIOUSLY grotesque homicidal thoughts and behaviors that seem rational to me no matter how I look at them. I live in constant stages of manic thought and a feeling in my body of pure rage like nothing else. Adrenaline is insane, and it always seems to be coursing through my veins. I see people and constantly picture or imagine myself killing them in grotesque and brutal ways, whether it be torture, burning them alive, or sawing their head off with a dull knife. I have SEVERE trust issues with any human. I am extremely critical of others appearances, behaviors, interests, and mannerisms. I can look at people and learn how they behave based off of observation alone. I look for and dig for flaws in everyone so that I can use or exploit them if. I was abused and constantly mentally tricked by my mother and sister when I was younger. Seeing my mother neglect me, not feed me, manipulate my sister to lie and side with her in the event of me reaching out for help. She took every dime I was ever gifted by my family for herself yet constantly complained to my father, whom she lied to me and my sister about, for child support, etc. To further that, if being betrayed by the one person I thought I could trust in this World, I've been betrayed and slandered behind my back by EVERY single *friend* I've ever had. I look at people looking at me and cannot tell their true feelings toward me, but can read it easily for everyone else. I'm not sure who I am or what people think of me. I constantly feel like people are making fun of me for the way I look and have extreme insecurities and body dysmorphia. I feel like everyone is always been sarcastic to me or making fun of me. 

I cannot find anyone willing to invest time or trust into me, while I've never betrayed someone or done something disloyal to another human. I've never told a secret. I dont talk about people behind their back and often call people out when they do. I see so many people with trash personalities and character have the most faithful people around them. I am shunned and deliberately neglected by people who "act" like they are my friends, yet whenever I text them or message them to do something or hang out, I am left on read or get flaked on. 

I've been alone these last 2 months over Summer break from graduating high school. I haven't talked to a soul or even gone out once other than basic passing remarks with my mother who I am surprised hasn't kicked me out yet. I workout 5-6 days a week. Take plenty of daily supplements and eat well (3000+ clean cals a day). I read and take a lot of time to sit back and look at myself and critique. All I can think is that I am some sort of 1/1,000,000,000,000 genetic error that is living in a sort of dream where everything is staged around me and forcing me to suffer. I have never loved or been loved. I do not cry or feel any emotion. I am not remotely sexually interested despite the clear interest I get from women. I've tried so much to be a perfect person in any way I can be but it never comes back to me. I will have never done anything to someone and they turn around and spit in my face and stab me in the back. I hate every living creature on this planet and want to take as many as I can with me for the way they've treated me. I am the way I am because of the way I've been treated. I've tried showing clear signs of depression during school and yet not a single person ever reaches out to me. If I dont text someone or reach out to someone, I can go MONTHS without human contact. There is no one there looking out for me, and every time I emerge I am sent right back to where I was. 

I dont want to die as the villain. I simply just want to die and be forgotten. I plan on killing myself this weekend. The only people that will notice will be my family but only for a short time. I was not remotely involved with their lives what so ever and not noticed unless I reached out. Just posting this here because maybe someone will find it once I'm gone and be able to help understand the way that I feel or at least trying to feel. 

Not really much thanks to give as no one has ever helped me. No really amazing moments I have to remember. The only things that would make me feel happy would be causing pain and suffering to others so they might have a chance to experience what I've felt. Dont to stop me. I want to go out and be left alone just as I have my whole life. 