I have done this to myselfI don’t deserve sympathy because I’m feeling how I am because of my self. I had an upbringing that so many people dream of and I ruined it. I had two parents who made decent money and took me on trips and love me and my siblings, they were perfect role models and I’ve failed them. I’ve done nothing but lie to them for the last couple of years. In a Fortnight I turn 18 and they will probably kick me out of the house, and I deserve that. I had one job and that was to pass school. We moved to a different fucking state because they believed in me that I would do great things and I would study hard and get a big degree, and now I’ve got us stuck in this city that they hate because I was to lazy to just go to school and get at least average. No I had to completely fucking fail because of my own stupidity and retardation. They have spent so much to help me and I completely failed them. Now they can see me for the pathetic piece of shit that I truly am and they are punishing me accordingly for al the lying I have constantly been doing. I don’t have a job, friends a car, and will probably just end up on the street. I don’t know why I did this. I could have told them that I wasn’t cut out for academics. But no I kept lying and saying that I would get better, and that my failing grades would turn around. I don’t know how I ended up like this but I feel like shit everyday. All I do is avoid my parents mindlessly scroll on my phone, eat myself into the obese piece of garbage that I am and play games. I deserve this because of what I have done to everyone.  I don’t know how I ended up this way. Even now while writing this crying in my room after my parents yelled at me again I somehow and trying to convince myself that it was not my fault, when it absolutely was. I can’t even think about tomorrow without bursting into tears. I cry like a baby when even slightly questioned. I can’t talk to anyone about anything without crying. I don’t talk to anyone at school because no one notices me and I don’t know how to even hold a basic fucking conversation. How dare I end up like this after all that my parents have sacrificed for me. 18 years of love and labour and I fucking failed at everything. I don’t own anything, even the clothes on my back belong to someone else because I sure as hell didn’t buy it. I steal money and food to fuel my addictions like the disgusting worm I am. I feel like my mum cheated on my dad with a Neanderthal, because my brother and sister have turned out fucking perfect. One is making 6 figures a year as a tradie and the other is working on a doctorate. And here I fucking sit as the black sheep, no a god damn leech of everyone around me. I don’t have enough time left to redeem myself. That train left years ago.