Can't do anything now.I've had problems with depression and anxiety for several years, but for the past year or two, I was floating through life and finishing my degree because I didn't know what else to do. Now, because of some things that have happened the last week, I've lost what little sense of direction or purpose or motivation I had.

For at least 5 years, I've also been insanely interested in a certain girl. We met through extracurriculars in high school, and she always wanted to be good friends, but it drove me insane because I felt completely differently. I was always miserable around her because I couldn't stop thinking about how she would never feel the same feelings I was.

I know it makes no sense for me to keep feeling the way I do, but I couldn't stop, even when I was telling myself how bad it was for me and how awful it would be, even if we were to date. Knowing her, I knew that she was nothing like what I normally like. She could be cold at times and was pretty much the opposite of what I wanted... A caring, patient person who could deal with me when I worry too much. She was sort of the opposite of that.

A few years ago, we had differeny classes in the same building at the same time in university and we started spending more time together alone. After a few months of not seeing each other when the semester was over, when we were out with some mutual friends, she texted me that she liked me, but she did not want to be in a relationship. (Turns out she doesn't even remember telling me that... So, I guess that shows how much it meant to her) I freaked out and went spiraling into a depression worse than I had for years.

This was all made worse by my constant reminders to myself that I wasn't worth it. I couldn't believe that anyone would ever have feelings for me, and she seemed to be confirming it. She was the only girl I cared to be involved with, and I wasn't good enough for her.

Finally, after a year or so of trying to remain friends and deal with the pain of seeing her, I deleted her number because I knew I would never stop texting her and cut off all contact. I did not see her at all for a long period of time. I went from thinking about her waking up and going to sleep and all throughout the day to only having her cross my mind rarely. I still couldn't talk to other girls without thinking about her, and I haven't dated in years in part due to thinking about her whenever the moment arose, along with other issues from past relationships I had been in, but I wasn't thinking about her daily anymore.

I became incredibly numb and decided that I just needed to finish up my degree, although I wasn't happy doing what I was doing. I thought it was the kind of thing that would allow me to find a job away from the city I had been living in my entire life and all of the people I couldn't stand to be around. I didn't (and still don't truly) believe that I had any true friends that I enjoyed being with, so I just wanted out.

Over the summer, we saw each other again and I knew instantly that I wasn't over her. I did think I was numb enough to deal with it and try to be friends again, because she hugged me and told me she missed me, and I was lonely from never doing anything with anyone other than avoiding her. I managed to not text her or initiate conversation, which I thought was a good sign for me.

The problems started a few months ago around Halloween. She started texting me. It was incredibly odd behavior for her, and I started to fear that she had decided that she had feelings for me again. I immediately fell back into my old habits of obsessing over her and constantly thinking of her. It was my final semester, so I needed to be preparing for a job, but I was thinking scared and negatively, so I did not get any of the things I had been planning done. I couldn't stop thinking that if I left now, I would lose my chance and never see her again. She was the only one I was interested in and my feelings were as strong as they ever were, so I was terrified to begin planning to leave.

On New Years Eve, she blew my phone up trying to get me to come over, even though I was already at a different party. I wanted to see her so bad, so I left and headed over. The entire night we flirted and talked more than I had left myself in years. I usually avoided her in situations like that. In the back of my mind, I was telling myself that I had to tell her I couldn't take talking anymore. It was driving me insane.

At the end of the night, when everyone was leaving, I sort of hung behind so I could tell her we needed to talk. I didn't want to do it that night because we had been flirting so much, but I wanted to soon.

(This is outrageously hard for me to think about right now)

When I was the last one left, she shut the door and put her arms around me and tried to kiss me. At first I told her no, but I couldn't stop myself. I knew I could never stop myself. We talked a little and I told her I was scared and that I had trouble believing she wasn't going to change her mind. She seemed so excited to be with me, though... It was completely different from the cold girl I was used to thinking she was.

For about two days, I was happier than I have ever been in my entire life. She was always texting me and being a thousand times more caring and interested than I ever imagined. Then, she just stopped. It was everything I was afraid of. Long story short, after a week of panic attacks and horrible pain, last night, while driving her to a friend's house, she told me she didn't know how she felt anymore.

We had a long talk, and I finally told her many things I had always wanted to talk to her about. I had thought of her every time I worried for years, but I only got one chance. I cried at one point, and she rubbed my back and neck and it made me feel as safe as I always thought it would, but it felt terrible because I knew it was the only time.

Taking her home, I made the stupid, selfish decision to tell her that sometimes, I just didn't want to be alive (although I don't think I'm nearly strong or brave enough to do anything about it). She didn't take it well and said that she was going to tell a mutual friend and that my parents needed to know. I'm guessing she hasn't at this point because I haven't heard anything from them about it. I feel like I need someone to force me to get help, but I don't want my parents involved. I don't know what I wasn't from this situation.

I had been thinking that I wanted to get help for her, because I wanted to be a good boyfriend and I wanted to make her happy, but now that's gone. I just don't care enough about myself or think I'm with enough to do it for myself.

I know I need her out of my life, but I still want to see her, even though it will only make me sad. Even right now I just want to be talking to her about this. When I'm upset, she's the first person I think about. I just want to fall apart in her arms, but I know she would never want that.

I'm starting to think I shouldn't post this. It seems pointless, and it makes me so miserable. But I don't know what else to do. I'm too terrified to apply to any jobs or go get help or do anything productive. I don't find anything fun anymore. I haven't been able to get out of bed all day. I just don't want to be anymore.

Sorry this turned shitty, I just don't really want to try anymore. At least I'm posting it.