overwhelmed with debt and depressionI haven’t been this low in a long time. I’ve managed to avoid the suicidal thoughts for five years, but now they’re back and overwhelming me. 

I can’t work because I’m disabled. I’m in the process of applying for disability but it takes a long time, and I’m drowning in debt. I had to drop out of school when I became disabled. I have loans to pay off but not even enough money to buy relatively healthy food. I lost my healthcare two months ago, too. Health bills are now starting to pile up too. And just today the apartment I just moved out of is trying to charge us 3k for cleaning because we left a couple pieces of furniture there. Couch, microwave, 2 small desks and a table. We were anticipating a 600$ general cleaning fee but not this... We couldn’t afford a uhaul and had to take what we could in cars. $100 for changing a vent filter. Just insane charges like that for every tiny tiny thing. $150 for a cheap plastic folding table.

I’m rambling now and that’s what tends to happen when I get into this state of mind. My mind just keeps running through all of the awful things and it can’t stop. Just one after the other until I can’t think anymore.

My husband got a new job which pays better, but with the way all these unexpected charges keep getting thrown on I feel like we’ll never escape this hole. I can’t even help and that’s the worst part. I wish I could so badly, I’m just so useless and all I do is take up space and make life harder for everyone else. I’m just a walking medical bill dispenser. 

I’m so upset and I’m panicking and I want to live but what kind of life is this... I want to be happy and make others happy but all I do is cause stress and financial strain wherever I go. I can’t keep on like this, it just isn’t worth it. I’m not worth it. My bottle of panic attack meds are just right there and that would be so much easier and better for everyone if I just swallowed the whole thing. I hate myself so much. No matter what I try or what therapy I go to I never get better and I never will, especially now with this chronic debilitating illness I have. 

I’m just so done. Every time I feel like there might be a light at the end of this tunnel, I just fall back even deeper than I was before. I’m tired. I’m just so damn tired of living. 

