My memory was triggered and I just realized that I was raped by my ex girlfriend last yearI don't know if anybody will read this but I guess it'll be good to get it off of my chest. I submitted it to two other subreddits but it got no replies so I'm getting a little desperate for something. Anything. Just please somebody say something.


I'm an 18 year old girl and a year and some change ago, I was raped by my significant other (of that time). I had just transferred to a large new high school where I didn't know a single soul, so the fact that she not only took an interest in me but TALKED to me was a blessing. I finally wasn't alone. It wasn't long before she asked me out and I happily accepted. However, I was still a practically kissless virgin at that time and so of course I was uncomfortable with the idea of having sex. I wasn't okay to show off my naked body and I'd just started to use tampons--I wasn't ready to be penetrated either.

But less than a month into our relationship, she led me behind the school auditorium and took my virginity. For an entire week beforehand, she had been very insistent about it and had been trying to stick her hands down my pants at every opportunity. I'd yanked her hands out every time and told her I wasn't ready. But that day, she led me away from our stagecraft class and started kissing me up against the wall. It was all lighthearted in the beginning, until she put her hand down my pants. I protested but she persevered. I was persuaded in the end because I didn't want her to leave me alone, and I genuinely thought she liked me. So then she forced two fingers into me.

I vividly remember her covering my mouth with her free hand and shushing me when I made noises. Some were caused by pleasure; most were caused by pain. I was embarrassed. I didn't feel comfortable with her knowing all about what I had going on in my crotch area. I wasn't shaved and that mortified me. But still, she continued fucking me up against the wall behind the school auditorium where nobody could see or hear us. I didn't have an orgasm. Eventually I faked one so that she would stop. She kissed me and looked so satisfied that I just smiled back and pretended it was great.

I'm not going to tell you about the rest of our relationship although it was truly an awful one--eight months long of cheating and manipulation (all done by her). I'd attempted suicide twice and now have to take medication for depression. For the last year I thought that was all she had done to ruin me, until yesterday during my college orientation. We had been shown a presentation about consent and sexual assault and rape, and during that time I felt something nagging at me in the back of my mind, like something was horribly wrong. My stomach was roiling and I could physically feel my face getting paler by the second. Then we were told in plain terms what rape was and I knew. I knew I had been raped. All of those repressed memories came rushing back and I felt sick. I had been raped by my ex-girlfriend and I didn't even let myself remember it because it had been so traumatizing. My boundaries were not respected, my body was not respected and my decisions were not respected. I feel violated. I feel empty. I feel numb. But most of all, I feel damaged. I didn't know that this would ever happen to me, and now I don't want to exist anymore.


I apologize for how long this is. If anybody at all reads this, I would be so grateful for feedback. If not, then I guess it felt good to write it all out anyway.