I don't even know why I'm posting here.I found this sub yesterday. And I started reading. And I started crying. And haven't stopped. I turned 21 about 6 weeks ago. I never thought I'd live to see this day. I tried to kill myself for the first time when I was 18. I never tried it again. I sought help. Got therapy. Was diagnosed with schizophrenia. Became a well-rounded and balanced individual. I can control my schizophrenia so well I only need the drugs on a bad day. 

Spring break was last week. I spent 90% of it curled up in the fetal position on my bed. I didn't move. I didn't sleep. I didn't eat. I didn't speak. I've realized that no matter how happy I seem on the outside, I'm just a hollow, empty shell. There's nothing to me anymore. I don't care about life. I don't care about anything. I remembered what it was like to want to die. 

So I started listing reasons. 

I hate myself. I always have. I find myself annoying, obnoxious and insufferable. How I have friends (and willing friends) I will never understand. I'm too loud. Too boyish. Too dumb. I drive people away because I complain. About everything. I'm awkward. I suck at living. I'm incredibly irresponsible. I can't even keep my school work straight. I can't keep my life organised. I'm so afraid to move out of my parents house and be on my own. I don't even know that I can function as a member of society. I can barely keep my minimum wage job. I can't even keep myself on track to lose weight for my health. It makes me find myself so completely awful and unattractive that I can't even look at myself. I hate that I don't even have any guts. See, there's this guy I've been friends with for a while now. Before this downward spiral I've hit, he made me feel things I'd never felt for anyway. I fell in love with him in a very real way. But I don't have the guts to even tell him that I'm romantically attracted to him, let alone how deep my feelings have gotten. Even if I did, there would be no point. Who could love someone so pathetic? Who could find someone that looks like me even remotely attractive? Either way, I'm fairly certain I've driven him away, too. And then there's all the financial problems with student loans. And my parents relationship. No matter what I do, I'm always the cause of their fights. I'm fairly certain that everyone's lives would improve without me.

I just don't know anymore. What's the point on pushing through this? I've had these feelings for years and nothing has EVER gotten better, even with my therapist, anti-depressants, even attempting this before. Maybe I should have died a long time ago. Maybe I shouldn't have even been born. 

That's not to say I won't be missed. Of course I would. I know I would devastate so many people if I took myself away from them. That's the only thing that's stopping me, and I'm so close to it not even mattering anymore. I would be at peace. Isn't that what would matter? It's incredibly selfish, I know. But...why am I still forcing myself through a life I'm not even living anymore?