Last night, I got so pissed off I fainted. I have never had that before. I think I should go to the doctor.(21M) I won't go into detail, but I've been suppressing my deepest angers since junior year of high school and it seems like I have more to be pissed off about after high school than I was in.

Last night, while driving, I was so worked up; the most worked up I've been since I can remember, that I fucking passed out (not road-rage related). I was driving in a 25(mph) road, going 30; I was ungodly amount of pissed, but other than pounding on the center console a handful of times, I suppressed my deepest angers. Shortly after that, everything in me seemed to be shutting off. I knew something was wrong, so I pressed the brakes and pounded on the center console some more to try and stay conscious until I could get the car to a full stop. Everything went blank for several seconds. Just nothing.

I regained consciousness a couple seconds later, with the vehicle still rolling at 5mph. I figured it was a short amount of time between falling out of consciousness and back in because I wasn't very far between when I passed out and when I woke up. I do remember waking up and nearly missing the corner though. It was a curvy road. I drove the rest of the way home safely.

In addition I got several nightmares last night and when I woke up, I was emotional, my entire chest area hurt, and I wreaked.

This has got to be the last straw. I got to get some sort of professional help. I don't care if it's something as simple as antidepressants. I had taken 0 pills for my depression because I never got prescribed any, and anytime I try to plead for help to my family, they often tell me that I'm overreacting and I have nothing to be sad about. I have to do something, though. I don't want to kill myself (yet), and if I don't die via killing myself, I won't die from depression, but many health problems ensue when the depression is heavy enough, and this is the heaviest it's ever been.

I'm gonna rest now; hope everyone else is doing okay.