On the precipiceI feel I'm on the precipice. There's this line by the Joker that goes "All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. That's how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day."

Well I have had a slew of bad days rapped in a couple of bad years. 

2014 til now has been shit. And the 30 years before that weren't that great. 

I have to go down to the welfare place tomorrow to file some kind of injunction to stop our power being cut off in the middle of the winter. And that's like one of the multiple bullshit things that I've been dealing with this week. Not to mention some subreddit drama that ruined the last thing on my stupid suicide reduction plan list. 

I can't remember what it's exactly called but it's like who to call if you're going to kill yourself, things to redirect before cutting, and then there's like reasons to live. 

Well I had 3 things to live for and all of them have been taken away thru one thing or another. 

I get the unbearable feeling that the universe doesn't want me to be around. That it's been trying to tell me this since I was seven and it took my mom and put me in a series of abusive shit situations. 

And now the last few years it's just been shouting "Kill yourself! Just fucking do it. Do you need another reason? Here's one more. Still won't do it? Hears another." 

And now it's just like really trying hard to get rid of me. And I'm at that point

You know where like a character in a movie or book wakes up in the morning and finds that their girlfriend is cheating on them, they've lost their job, their dog is dead, and they're getting evicted. So the character just walks outside and does something incredibly insane like robs a bank or something. 

Except if I rob a bank at best I'm in jail. At worst I'm dead. And if I'm going to be dead, I might as well do it myself. 

It's just I'm kinda there you know. 

And worst thing is I have a few things that make me happy. One is something that isn't necessarily the healthiest thing but it still makes me happy. And my psychologist was basically like "I don't think BDSM is healthy for you and if you don't agree to do DBT to give it up I'm not going to see you" 

Well I've done DBT and I don't like it and I don't see why she'd just take the one place I get to go to stop feeling like the world's crushing me away when the world is totally crushing me. 

And it is.