Trip to Vietnam pretty much ruined by health anxiety. Genuinely feel like just killing myself. What's the point if in living if I'm so anxious I can't enjoy anything in life?Been in Saigon, Vietnam on my own for a few days and I feel appalled at myself that my health anxiety has yet again taken an experience that should've been positive and made it into the usual self-centered shit about the thought of dying. 

I've been drinking pretty heavily the few days I've been here, like most young people who visit here tend to do, and that has coincided with the return of my health anxiety with a vengeance.

Basically, I love to try new foods, however, a weird thought came into my mind a day or two before coming here: "what if I get anaphylaxis?" This is despite the fact I have never suffered an allergic reaction to anything in my life and I'm 28. 

Because of this messed up anaphylaxis fear, I have tried to be really careful when eating and been very fearful of trying new things even though deep down I'd love to try all the random dishes here. By the way, Saigon is one of the world's best cities for food. 

Not only has the anaphylaxis worry really annoyed me and got me feeling shit about myself to the point of depression, but today when I woke up extremely hungover and anxious, I happened to remember about holiday heart syndrome, which is something I read about a while back during an anxiety attack a few years ago.

Basically, when binge drinking a few days in a row, your heart can go into atrial fibrillation and other dangerous arrhythmias. 

So of course, my brain automatically assumed that was gonna happen and today I've spent the entire day in a horrible panic attack waiting for my inevitable collapse and death. I eventually caved and popped a xanax to calm the panic. 

I was staying in a hostel for my first few nights here but the anxiety was that bad I had to book myself into a hotel room for some space and to hide from the world. 

It appears as if this condition (hypochondria) is never going to get better. I have periods where I worry less about my health but it always comes back with a bang and causes a huge impact on my life (in this case, making a trip less exciting and fun that it could've been). 

Normal people don't suffer this shit; they can go away and not worry about whether eating a fucking spring roll is going to kill them. I'm just so sick of how badly structured/wired my brain seems to be. 

I am not sure what advice I'm searching for but perhaps some words addressing my specific fears would be nice or some general words of encouragement. Has this trip been a complete waste because of my anxiety? Or is there anything remotely admirable or positive I can take away from trying to visit attractions and eat at least some of the food despite such scary thoughts? 

I genuinely feel right now like life is no longer worth the hassle. I'm alone in a hotel in Saigon pondering the thought that if I'm so scared of dying to the point that it's ruining my life, I might aswell be dead anyway.