I don't know if I can do this again...The warning signs were all there but I didn't want to see them. The past few months have just been so wonderful. I've been active and eating better and really good about taking my meds. I've been social and thriving at work. And then slowly I noticed almost like I was noticing it in someone else that I was starting to escape again. I found myself overeating and overspending and binge-watching tv. But it was easy to ignore these warning signs, my old coping mechanisms, because unlike the alcohol I gave up almost three years ago, food is something I need to live. I need clothes. A little television isn't such a bad thing. And before I know it, I'm jumping at any opportunity to just not be me for a little while. It hasn't gotten that bad yet, but I feel like it's coming and I don't know how to stop it. The last time I was where I think I'm headed now, I didn't get out of bed for weeks except to go to the bathroom and even that took a tremendous amount of energy. I neglected my poor dog. I almost lost my job and I've been on thin ice at work since then. And I spent a lot of time wishing that I just didn't exist anymore. I'd go to sleep hoping for it to be permanent only to wake up disappointed fourteen or fifteen hours later. I thought about ending it but even that, with as much relief that it promised, it would have taken more of my physical resources than I could have managed. And now that I am facing this all down again I can't help but feel like it might be better to just get out now before it's too late. If I end it now before it starts, I won't have to suffer. And these are the thoughts that I have. Maybe I just had a bad day but a bad day doesn't just send someone into a tailspin. Something is wrong with me. There are a lot of things wrong with me. I'm just so tired of fighting. I'm tired of the trial and error with the medications and the blind guessing at diagnoses. Am I just depressed or am I bipolar? Bipolar I or Bipolar II? I mean, was that a manic episode? Is it hypomania or am I just really productive every now and then? And if there is something wrong with me, why isn't any of the medications working? I've tried so many things and it's been such a long journey and I am running out of things to try. I feel like a fraud. I feel like I march into my psychiatrist's office and ask about increasing the meds... why? Because I want to be someone who takes a lot of pills? Because I want there to be something different about me so badly that I'm willing to feign this misery? I don't know. I'm not making any sense. I just feel like I can't keep living like this. I would rather not live at all than to keep this up. There are too many balls in the air and I am just so so tired.