Cannot see a futureHi, new to reddit. I'm a 34 yr old man in the UK, and I didn't have anyone else to turn to, so just wanted to put this out there. I'm not sure why, but I couldn't handle anther night of being stuck in my own head.

I've been struggling with depression and anxiety most of my life, but managed to continue due to achieving the milestones of a normal life. I did well at school, did university and qualified as a doctor. I was getting on with things and from the outside probably looked successful. I got married, and got a mortgage and all that.

But then at 30, I had what I can only term a breakdown. I think it was a combination of hugely antisocial work, a few traumatising experiences on the job, but whatever triggered it, I fell apart. I quit my job, and took 6 months off where I began to feel better.

I then decided to retrain in a less stressful branch of medicine, which I've been doing for the past 2 years. And again, things are going well, had a baby, bought a house.

And I can feel it starting again.

My whole life has been dominated by trying to achieve. But because of this, I've neglected everything else. I've got no friends as when I was breaking down I retreated into myself, started drinking, basically shut down. I have no interests. And hate my job, which is not well paid and still has shit hours.

I had my first breakdown episode at school after a relationship broke down, then had another at university during finals. But I always had family to pick me up.

I first started having suicidal thoughts a few years ago. They became really bad last year, to the point I wrote goodbye letters and practiced hanging myself, but didn't complete.

Now I'm lying here, and can only think of my daughter as a reason to live. I don't like my life at all. I'd happily die in an accident or of an illness, but I'm too cowardly to kill myself. I hope I will die soon, but have a horrible feeling I might live quite a few years more.

Sorry for long post, thanks for listening 