Been depressed since I was 12, and it hasn't gotten any better for 13 yearsMy wife and I have both acknowledged that we feel suicidal at times, and she has been a much better therapist than any other one I have seen. I have been depressed for 13 years to a severe level and have been suicidal for about 5 years or so, with increasing intensity. I was in terrific shape for a long time, and then I started gaining a ton of weight without a change in behavior. I was 160 at the beginning of 2013, 200 at the beginning of 2014, and then I gave up halfway through that year. I'm 280 now. The suicidal part started while I was still in shape. I'm on Lexapro, which has been the only medicine that has helped at all. I have illusions/hallucinations fairly constantly out of my peripheral vision, but I think that's because I have bad eyes. I have two cats that we love dearly. My wife and I, in a sort of last ditch attempt at starting over, have sold everything and are moving to NYC in two weeks (our lease runs out here and we can't live in this state anymore emotionally). Our housing just got pulled from under us, so we have no fallbacks. I've been on the job search constantly for months with no bites. I'm not sad when people I know die. It's just a thing that happens. I only get sad when animals die, otherwise I don't care. I love my family deeply, but death doesn't have an effect on me. I hate how life is laid out to work (get up, go to work, go home, do something, repeat), with life's goals constantly being tied to getting a better job for more money for more shit that you don't need. This shit is getting old. Honestly, 25 has always been about as far as I have ever seen myself making it. Self-fulfilling prophecy and all, but man. I constantly feel the need to hit myself in the face (I never do). My health insurance runs out in two weeks and I can't afford to extend my coverage. Bye-bye Lexapro.

It's shitty that we can't choose to be born and can't choose to be unborn. I just don't particularly like the world, and I'm pretty well travelled. I don't understand why it is wrong to not want to participate anymore.