not my fucking month apparently!i've never really had it "easy" but these past few weeks have just been rougher than usual.

it started out with a sharp increase in my depression due to the seasonal changes, making everything seem a lot worse than it is while increasing my suicidal thoughts

next thing is at work with my managers acting a lot harsher than normal, being so nitpicky about the smallest of things even if it isn't my fault. I work in a pet store so an example would be getting lectured about how the hamsters don't have food in their bowls when in reality they just moved it into their hide bc that's what hamsters do. when i explain that (and show them) they say i should just move the food to the bowls but they apparently don't listen when i tell them that i do that but the moment i put it in the bowl, the hamsters rush to hoard it. i understand that they are under pressure from their bosses and our corporate offices are shit with shit policies that make little sense but it doesn't make it any easier for me for my other coworkers. what makes it rougher for me is that i've been at this place for over two years now, i'm easily the best worker in my department (i say because i've been told by previous managers and i have the most responsibility+hardest jobs in my department) yet i rarely ever get compliments or just good feedback in general, especially this past year. i just want some positive feedback p l e a s e

The next thing that happened was my support group being cancelled for the next two weeks. i ended up getting a call half an hour before i would have left to get there. i didn't really mind it all thaaat much but it still bummed me out because i had to miss the last one due to a dr appointment

then, speaking of my dr appointment, it was my dr being convinced i can be transferred to an out of state clinic (i pretty much live on the border of two states) despite the fact that i'm on state insurance and know for a fact that they wont take my insurance so i have to wait even longer for a much needed surgery consultation which, in itself, has already taken months to get to and will take even longer before i have a surgery date despite the urgency

And then? i rode my bike half an hour to get to my early morning therapy session after not having an appointment for nearly two weeks (not my choice, my therapist had a training thing for one week so i had to skip that weeks appointment and i didnt even think about asking to see someone else at the time) i got there, waited 10 minutes in the waiting room only for the receptionist to tell me she forgot to call and say my therapist wasn't in for the next two weeks. it fucking sucks because i really needed to talk about some things that have really been bothering me including my recent uptick in suicidal ideations and manic episodes

and today? the concert tour i got a ticket for (aka the ONE thing i've been looking forward to for months now and the ONE thing i let myself not feel guilty over buying) might have to cancel the stop closest to me! apparently the venue shut down bc of safety concerns so they're trying to find a new venue but the only reason i could even get the tickets was because it was in such a convenient location- there would be buses running all night and it would only take a little under an hour to get there (for context, i cant drive mainly due to disability and buses into the city usually take 2+hrs from where i am and it's hard to find ones that run late at night to where i need to go)

and somewhere in there i got my hopes up about an audition for a haunted house i thought i would be able to go to but i didn't see that the house would be at a different location from the audition. in retrospect, i should have known better but idk what i was thinking in the moment. the audition location was accessible and i got so excited about it, even giong so far as to prepping my monologue and character, but then i found out the location of the actual houses was just... not possible for me. it would take over an hour to bike (which i know i cant do bc some was uphill and i know myself enough to know i couldnt do that) and there apparently arent any buses to that location or even close to it. a few days later i found out someone in my support group got hired/cast for it which was a fucking low blow to my self esteem

all of this has just been adding up and adding up and tbh! i cant fucking stand it! the only reason i don't currently have a plan is bc i know my dog needs me. she's been misunderstood and tossed around all her life and has only gotten a good life when i got her, over two years ago now. i know i have to be strong for her but its so fucking hard sometimes