Anybody else had problems with Mirtazapine?What the title says. M from the UK here. My docs have had me on Mirtazapine for the last 6 months for depression &amp; problems sleeping (both falling asleep &amp; staying asleep), starting out at 15mg then 30mg then 45mg, then 30mg again when I saw another doc last month &amp; now 15mg by choice (I have sleep issues, at a lower dose they're supposedly sedating but more activating at a higher dose, therefore keeping me awake) as I want to come off them soon. I can't say I've felt any better since starting them &amp; at times have felt a lot worse. Has anybody else experienced this on mirtazapine? I'm back at my docs on Tuesday to see the GP that put me on Mirtazapine to begin with. Do I insist he try me on something else, or is he likely to tell me it's them or nothing?'
I also feel the tablets are screwing with my brain, making me more insular &amp; uncaring. I've fucked up friendships since being on them because I thought the people weren't my friends, &amp; still struggled to sleep. Last time I saw my GP who put me on Mirtazapine was in September, told him I didn't think they were working but he told me that therapy would sort it out, upped my dose to 45mg &amp; told me to stick with them. Therapy (CBT through my wellbeing) said they can't help me &amp; tried to pass me onto the local mental health team. They rejected the referral &amp; told me to go back to my docs....my dad struggled with depression &amp; eventually tried to take his life a few years ago. Got to watch him spend 2 weeks slowly fading away in a hospital bed. Tried killing myself 3 times in my life (at 14, 19 &amp; 22, now 29). Now I've two concrete plans for killing myself one day. Told the docs all this, then therapy. Mental health team aren't interested because I'm not planning to kill myself today or tomorrow or even next week, but I do plan to one day take my own life (I'm owned by 2 cats &amp; I've resolved to not kill myself whilst they're alive as they rely on me to survive). Just feels like I'm getting bounced between pillar &amp; post, passed from person to person without anyone really listening to me. Sorry for the slightly rambling post.