Give me one good reason...I'm a single, 38 year old, gay (I think) man.  I have struggled my entire life to find any semblance of stability, safety, and love. 

I have never found it.  That may be my fault, but it's not that I haven't tried everything on the planet to fix that.  I've been in therapy for many years, I've taken many anti-depressants that have completely wrecked any other kinds of relief that would make me feel normal (primarily sexual).  

I experienced significant child abuse that continues into my adult life, with my parents denying and battling me over the things I experienced as a child.  I doubted myself for so long, but at the end, why would one person hate himself so much if my childhood wasn't so bad?

I've had many tell me it wasn't as bad as others, but I'm really not giving much of a rip about comparisons.  Sorry, but I just feel, at my age, I should have some sort of closure with my experiences.  But no matter how many pills I've popped, how much therapy I've gone through, how much I've worked on myself, I'm still a very lonely, very isolated, and very scared person.  

I will never find the kind of stability I've been dying for my entire life.  And believe me, I've done everything I could to fix it.  I've accepted my own role in my current situation, but I really don't know what else I can do.  I've spent so many thousands of dollars in therapy, and I can honestly say...I don't feel anything for another person.  I am completely damaged, and I play a part when I ask other people how they're doing (How to Make Friend and Influence People is a great little book to teach you how to be completely invisible to other people).  

I am never going to find love.  Because I don't know what that means.  I'm never going to find peace with the substantial abuse from my family,  because I can't trust them.  And I fucking HATE myself for being gay.  Why not?  Everyone else does.  I'm a fucking faggot and I despise myself for being that way.  And it's gotten no better over the years.  Enough is enough.  