I dont knowMan i have been struggling with my depression since I was a little kid. Planning suicides, writing letters to loved ones... the whole thing. I've been offered many solutions to my problems i.e. medication or therapy. But im scared medication wouldn't work and also i have a lot of body issues and I know antidepressants can have a lot of negative side effects such as weight gain. As far as therapy goes, I really don't feel like spilling my guts to a stranger who get paid to listen. I just feel useless in life. I'm trying to go to school to get my career started but its in the medical field which is gonna be like 8 years of school and I feel like I'm not smart enough for it. I'm terrified to start it and what if I end up hating it? Than what am I gonna do with my life. My husband, who I have been spending almost all my time with 24/7 since the quarantine back in March is gonna be super busy with work soon. Which is normally fine but I've just grown so used to having him here all the time and im scared that now hes not gonna have time for me and our relationship is gonna drift apart. I'm scared that sinces hes gonna be at work all the time, there will inevitably be some hot girl there and hes gonna spend so much time with her and none with me that hes gonna fall in love with her and cheat and leave me behind. He pays for our home so id have to move back in with my parents which would make me even more miserable and unhappy. I just feel like my failure is inevitable. And no matter what I try im gonna end up alone. It hurts so much to think about but I can't get the goddammit thought out of my head. It makes me want to bash my brain into the pavement. I dont really have any friends I cant talk to about this because its always the same cut and paste answer of "oh no baby it will be okay". And I cant tell my husband because it hurts his feelings because I can't help but think he doesnt love me. I dont really have family to tell because they always suggest therapy. And plus i dont want to unload this on people i care about because that just adds more unnecessary stress to their lives. I dont plan on killing myself currently. I just see it happening in the future. Im terrified of killing myself too and sometimes wish I would just get in a car crash or something...

TL:DR
I've been depressed for a while. Dont have plans to kms now but im scared of failure and my hubby leaving me and feel like suicide is inevitable in my future.