lonely and depressed, sad.i don't know where to start 
im lonely and depressed, i'm sad. i don't think i could ever act on my suicidal tendencies and thoughts though, but I guess if I were to die i wouldn't be sad about it? 

i recently moved schools for my final year, the only friendship circle/group i had at this school alienated me and excludes me out of everything. which specifically fucks me over for formal that is in two weeks... 

my girlfriend has bought a dress already for formal but i can't even go if i dont have anyone to sit at a table with (you need 10 people per table and my "friendship group" has excluded me from theirs.) 
im too scared to open up to my girlfriend about the issue about finding a table, i get anxious and sad just thinking about it, i think way too much and think shes going to break up with me or something. 

i spend most breaktimes at school doing the same thing, browsing reddit because no one in the friendship group will even talk to me so i'm invisible for the most part. 

i have classes with all these so called "friends" and they make it a living hell that I end up just skipping majority of my classes, so my grade has dropped significantly to a C level, and I have three assignments due by tomorrow, none of which i've started and dont have the motivation due. 

i constantly feel lonely, sometimes my girlfriend helps me feel better but when she's not around the feeling instantly comes back. i used to play games alot and mmorpg's in particular to help combat loneliness but it just isn't helping anymore and I don't know what to do.

I'm afraid if i talk to my girlfriend about all of this she'll think im fucked up or weird and break up with me, or get offended because im lonely still even when i'm around her (although less so). 

i have one lesson at school with my gf, where im surrounded by my "friendship circle" and my "friends" just constantly make fun of me whenever I try to speak or anything. Sometimes my girlfriend notices i get visibly upset but i just tell her im fine because itll make me seem like an asshole or something saying that "blah blah and so on are being dicks constantly to me." i wish that she would notice or tell them to stop when they're talking shit about me or something but she doesn't.

im lonely and depressed, i cant fix this formal situation with my girlfriend, my friendship circle alienates me and the pressure of school is just building up and up. i just cant stop thinking that suicide is the only way out i guess. 

whenever my girlfriend says "i love you" or anything like that it just feels empty. i feel like she doesn't really care about me or anything at all, that she's just using me and getting ready to discard me and im scared.