Reasons for not ending itUsing a throwaway account. Posted this on another sub 





Been here in this subbreddit for almost a year now. 22M Diagnosed with SPD and recently depression. Been on medication for a month now. Nothing happened. 







For the past 2 weeks I've been seriously and constantly thinking about ending it all. I've distanced myself from almost everyone I knew except some few people. I had always fantasized about my death. Methods of doing it, place, time, notes to leave behind..... Everything. 







My views on the world, humanity, life in general is dark, nihilistic, somewhat misanthropic and filled with absurdity and abstract thoughts about apocalypse and death. So even if my mood changed and got better somehow, I still doubt that my views on the world and the future would change. 







Am not religious but I don't have a problem for not believing in god. Tho I can't feel anything about him. 







I don't see a point to continue, I will cause people to suffer my death, especially my mother. She suffered in this world more than I can bare and she's still handling it. She sees me as her source of happiness and meaning. She says words like: "you're the hope in my life" "your the only one who feels me". Her words are what make me guilty or hesitant. Tho am not sure if I can keep up with all of this. I wish from the bottom of my heart that she dies so she can rest. I don't see her nor me living is anyway good. Me being born was one of the major sources of her suffering. Sometimes I even think about killing her so I can just end it so I don't make her sad if I left her trapped here. It's fucked up 






Am planning on throwing away everything am attached to. I'll give my guitar away for a friend. I'll announce giving all my books away. I've gathered those books throughout the years from around the world. London, Turkey, US, and Amazon. They're not much but they're the biggest thing am attached right now. I'll burn whatever left untaken. This image of me burning all the books with bookshelfs' fire is quite appealing. 






After that .... I'll be ready to leave this world







Anyone has any reason to why I shouldn't be doing this. Because I am little bit hesitant. I don't see any reason to keep living. The world is just boring and everything has already been repeated millions of times. I know where life will lead me and I can imagine myself living for the next 50 years ..... Nothing interesting in it. 






Tldr; any reason to keep living?