cant believe im posting here. how do I stay strongI tried to kill myself a few years ago. I was caught and put in a hospital. I've struggled with depression since and in the past few months especially thoughts of hurting myself keep popping up. I don't want to die but I feel like I have to, I feel like I will never stop hurting. it's getting worse this week. I can't accomplish anything. and I have so many responsibilities. my life is going to fall apart because I'm letting the demise of a relationship destroy what little strength I had left. i'm reaching out to friends and I'm getting therapy but when I go home at night I feel alone and helpless. every morning I wake up it's like I'm reliving the news of everything going wrong. and then I think about if we didn't break up it would end anyway. what if we got even closer and then she died. or someone else. I know I can get over her but the pain will happen again. it's not worth it. I place so much value in loving and being loved. I'm not satisfied with my platonic relationships. the most important thing to me in life is inevitably the most unbearable. I feel trapped. I have a fear of hurting myself but I find the idea of taking a charcoal bbq to my car almost calming. that's why I'm posting here. it doesn't make me cry anymore. I wish I could turn to the one person who could comfort me. I want to reach out to her so bad. I can't tell anyone because I don't want to be in a hospital again. last time that happened it cost me thousands of dollars. I don't have that now. then I'd really kill myself. I don't want to feel this way. I don't want to be another sad person who ends it when they're young. but I keep thinking once I return her stuff and she finally leaves I can carry out my plan. it'd be so easy. I don't want that. but what if things get worse and I decide to do it and not reach out to anyone? I'm afraid of myself. I wish I had led a different life. i think i'll call a hotline for the first time.

edit: I didn't call. it's been 13 minutes, and I feel calmer and not at all suicidal. this is what happens. I can be rational, even when grieving, but then for no reason at all I lose my mind. my fear is that it'll get out of control. what do I do