Another day...Every so often, I wake up feeling okay. I wake up being properly afraid of dying. Feeling like I want to keep going, like I want to see what the future holds, what I can do with my life. I feel positivity, I feel... like things are going well. Like there's a way for things to improve. It's a nice feeling. It's a rare feeling.

Most of the rest of the time, I wouldn't be too terribly upset if a stray bullet flew through my window and tore my head open. I suppose... I don't really want to do it myself more often than not, but... I'm more afraid of the pain I'd go through than anything. And I'm fucking terrified of the mess other people would have to clean up afterwards. Corpse disposal, funeral arrangements, the writing of an obituary, the trauma my family would go through, having to sell my belongings... Hell, I probably wouldn't even have the right name on my headstone.

Today's one of the shockingly common days where I'm just... Wandering around my home. Aimlessly. Sobbing, mostly unclothed because my air conditioner is broken and I'm too broken to even try to get it fixed. Can't... think clearly enough. Managed to make dinner somehow. I want to kill myself. But there aren't any meds in my house that'd cause a deadly interaction or a deadly overdose effect, and there's no way to use any sort of gas to asphyxiate myself, and I'm sure I'd be too much of a coward to do it anyway if there were either. I want this to end.

I'm sitting here, resting firmly in two thirds of Cluster C, with enough people in my head that killing myself would be murder to boot, and I honestly... Can't function. There's... Fuck. I don't know. I can't leave the house. I can't talk to people. I was supposed to be this... Maybe not a perfect person, but... There were expectations I was supposed to meet.

I was supposed to be okay at school, I was supposed to have a college degree and a functioning career, I was supposed to not be queer, I was supposed to be at least somewhat healthy, I was supposed to... Whatever. Not be... This. I don't even know who told me these things but fucking god fucking damn it this... Pressure?? I don't know where it's coming from, I just know it's there and i can't get rid of it. Not without a support network. And because of my problems, my support network consisted of all of one person, who's gone now, pursuing her own life goals. Everyone else just walks away. It's been too long since I've even been hugged.

I've been living alone for years. I might as well be dead already. I just want this to end. I don't care if that happens because it suddenly gets better or because I finally manage to do it, but I want it to change.