I hurt myself todaySo, I don't know why I'm writing this, but I feel I need to talk about this with someone, I don't have many friends and the few I do wouldn't understand.  
I didn't feel really good in the last years, I have my periods (days/weeks) when I think about committing suicide on a daily basis, when that happens I usually just try to sleep the time away.  
Today I couldn't, I don't really know what happened, but something was wrong, worse than the usual, I went to bed and couldn't even close my eyes, I was feeling I was about to snap anytime soon.  
Went to my bathroom, took a razorblade out it against my arm but I didn't do anything. Went to bed again but the things got even worse, I don't think I can describe the sensation, but I just stood there, shaking for a about one or two hours.  
Then I got up again and I was so infuriated,I just wanted that shaking and that feeling to stop,I just wanted to open my arm up, even if it wasn't the correct way to do it.  
I put again the razorblade on my arm and stood there for a few seconds.  
I never thought about just harming myself, I usually think about harming myself during the act of suicide, but not just provoke pain to my body. I never really understood while people do it either, and in that moment a phrase came to my mind "I focus on the pain, the only thing that's real", it's from a song. I was ready to just bleed to death so I was like "Why shouldn't I try it? I don't have anything to lose." I put less pressure and cut my arm long way. When I was doing it I felt a sort of relief. After I just kept watching the wound and I felt good, soothing. I mean, not good, but I felt like I didn't feel in a long time, normal. I was like "Yeah I have my problems, but w/e". I know our body can mess thing up and waited a couple of hours to see if it was just the adrenaline, but this feeling of normality remained. Everytime I touch/see or move in a certain way my arm I can recall that sense of normality to me.I kept going on with my day, doing things usually I'm too tired to do. I know this is not normal and I shouldn't do it.  
Also I have this urge to thank people who come here to help others, you are truly a blessing for this planet.  
TL;DR I wanted to slice my arm open and bleed to death but decided to just cut myself. I'm feeling 'normal' since then.