I’m ugly and I want to kill myself...U.K.- [ ] I’m Male 182cm tall (just under 6ft)  lanky slim body  framed and pale with a receding hairline so yea I’m fucked when it comes to looks. I’m a kissless virgin.And I  noticed over time I get stared at like iv got 3 heads and treated poorly by most and it’s because I’m ugly. Birthdays getting drunk alone. I don’t leave the house and havnt for 4 years  except for 6 hours a week to work at a football  stadium as somebody there to help. I used to enjoy it and it made me excited to go out and do something with my day for once , but other times it’s very difficult. I always get picked for the shitty jobs (part of being ugly) and there’s times I blatantly get stared at because I’m ugly. Last week some young guy walked past me stared at me walking past it was obvious what he was thinking. Another higher up authority young guy there always stares at me a lot  and I assume it because I’m ugly and I think it is, he does it every shift and he’s nothing special either but when he’s when he’s talked to me he’s seemed nice and friendly with me. and I get a lot of girls sometimes who stare/grimace me down because I’m tall and slim it happens so often too it’s made me develop an eating disorder. I don’t ever wanna leave the house Just last week I was at work at that stadium job around a lot of people  and a girl and her dad was standing drinking and the girl looked at me with a blank glare (I only stared back because I thought she needed help with something as that’s what I’m there for) and she looked back up to her dad with a disgusted look on her face and said ‘ewwwwww god no’ (I lipread her) it was ok for her as she had tons of makeup on like it was a mask covering her face tho but was quick to judge? I mean cmon I leave the house for the first time in 3 months and then that happened? My dad said to me a few months ago ‘youv never had the love of a good woman it’s a crying shame’ and I said ‘I’m too ugly’ which I am. And I don’t wanna ever leave the house. I wake up with suicidal thoughts crying. I never knew being ugly would make life so difficult. I can’t have a life as much as I want to because I’ll just get bullied and treated like shit. Sometimes when it’s cold I wear a hat and a snood and it helps a lot tbh as it covers my face like a ninja. I have bad depression because of my looks too so it’s difficult to not look very tired and pale too. I spend every birthday and Xmas alone and it’s because I’m ugly, whoever said personality matters more eh? And I’m tired of trying to help someone when it’s a women and they’re always snotty and dismissive I take it personally. Thats the most painful thing, when a women will be cold towards me even when iv not done or said anything wrong but will open up to the attractive guys even if he’s being a complete douche. 5 years ago I worked in a bar and had confidence and a good life good friends and a gorgeous girl had a crush on me but she will be the only girl who will ever like me, it will never happen again. I think about killing my self everyday.