I promised myself I'd tell someone if I reached this point again. So here I am.It's not in the way I meant when I promised it, but it's all I can manage. It's almost nostalgic, crossing over from wanting to die, to actually preparing to do it. They can't lock me up again, because they don't know I'm here, in my apartment, with my pills.  
  
 I guess I just want to share with you guys about me before I go. I want someone to at least know that I'm here. I want someone to acknowledge my existence, the path it has taken for me to get here. I'm only 20. I have no family or friends, I've driven everyone away over time. Some out of necessity, others just because fear took over. But I'm alone here, now. Completely isolated from every other human being on the planet. I know that no one will realise I'm gone for a long time. I just need some acknowledgment that I exist. I don't feel myself. No one seems to see me. I look out but no one looks in. I'm so disconnected from everyone.    
  
I'm a little girl inside, abandoned and pathetic. According to my therapist this is actually true. I'm stuck at 8 years old, when the worst of the abuse was. Sometimes it's older, sometimes I'm as young as 5 inside. I wish I'd had some happiness before now, but I don't think it'd matter any more, not in any future I could have. I'm crippled by ptsd and depression. There's nothing for me here. I've never been respected or felt safe. All I wanted was for someone to recognise me as someone with needs and wants, someone with emotions and fear. There's a lot inside me, no one has seen it. I've tried to open up, in relationships, in therapy, but I can never do it. I want to open up to someone who loves me. I want parents. I want my childhood that was taken. I want to know that I'm lovable, that it wasn't my fault. But no one cares. Not about me. I can't reach out for help, because the help that I need isn't there. Nurses say what they're trained to, psychs ask questions because they're paid to. No one truly cares, and if they do, it's not enough to follow through and stick around. To stay with me, to help. To love me. I can't help myself anymore.   
  
I've written posts and no one answered, but I know that people read them, maybe one or two will. Thank you for reading. Behind these words is a person laying in bed with some pills on the bedside. I'm trying hard not to look at them. But they're there and I'm really scared. I'm scared of tomorrow. Scared to keep going. I've been brave for so fucking long and I'm done with it. It doesn't help.  
  
I know people say that it gets better, that there's hope. I know this. I know that there is a chance of good happening. But to me it's not enough. Nothing will ever be enough to make it ok. The pain of living is unbearable. Please just acknowledge my existence. I'm human. I was here. For 20 years, I was here. That's enough.  
  
Now I'm panicking. I know how this goes. I'll panic about killing myself. The panic elevates to desperation, and when desperation fizzles out, it's a determined numbness that will see me out. The process doesn't last long, but right now, it's panic, which is the worst bit