I've been depressed and suicidal for too long. I am stuck in a terrible situation with no other way outI'm a 20 year old with no college degree. I previously tried to go to community college but dropped out in one semester because I was too tired and depressed to do it. I have $5000 in student loans I have yet to repay, and which prevent me from getting any additional loans if I want to go back to school.

I live by myself. I previously lived with my abusive, alcoholic mother. She died in June of this year. She paid off the rent on our townhouse for one year. That year ends in January.

I work a low-wage retail job. I've been trying to find better work but I live in the highest standard of living area in the United States and most jobs here are technology-oriented. 99% of full time jobs in this area require at least a bachelors degree. Because of my poor financial situation I can barely afford to pay my bills or buy food. I have no idea where I'm going to go in January.

I have two dogs who belonged to my mother. They're my only companionship as I have no friends. However my mother never really housetrained them and as a result they frequently went to the bathroom on the carpet. Per standard procedure, the property company is going to begin showing the townhouse 60 days prior to my end lease date, November 15, 2012. They want the carpets cleaned by that date. But the dogs are still not fully housetrained. I am going to have to get rid of them which is going to break my heart.

In case you are wondering where my father is, he lives less than a mile away. But he's a typical Romney-style rich man, who believes everyone is responsible for their own status in life regardless of outside influences. He believes I am entirely responsible for the job market and my housing situation. He refuses to let me come live with him while I try to get back on my feet. In fact, he is so set on keeping me away that he is actually (very reluctantly) helping a little with the utility deposits because he wants me to go live on my own. Getting any money out of him is an enormous challenge, so the fact that he is willingly giving me money to stay away instead of just letting me live with him speaks volumes. He is very emotionally withdrawn and doesn't seem to understand or comprehend my situation.

For a year and a half I've been seeing a counselor. My dad initially agreed to pay for the copay after I hinted at suicidal feelings last summer, but then became disillusioned with the treatment (like many from his generation, he is very skeptical about mental illness and depression). It was only when my mom died that he agreed to start paying for it again. It helps to have somebody non-judgmental to talk to, but it doesn't change my situation.

I believe I've covered all the bases. I have no friends, no family, and soon no dogs. I have no money, a meager income, and nowhere to go come January. I am stuck against the wall and no amount of inspirational sayings is going to change that. I am out of options. No one will miss me.