Reddit, I'm miserable.I don't know what to do, I've waited 10 long years for it to get better.  I have more problems than I can count.  It's my own fault somewhat, I got myself into this hole and now I don't know what to do.  I hate waking up every day.

I can only imagine how silly this sounds, but the #1 problem I have is accepting the way I look.  I look really young.  I'm 22 male but I could pull off being 15-16 no problem, not a single doubt.  My weight/height probably have something to do with that as well.  5'7 105 lb, and a somewhat baby face.  It's destroyed my self esteem, and I have social anxiety but has gotten better as I got older.  Men are supposed to be strong/tall/mature looking, and I just fall short under every category I can think of.

My gpa is destroyed, think it's ~1.4 gpa freshman year, I flunked 5-6 classes because i stopped going because I was too embarrassed about how young I looked/social anxiety and dropped out.  Silly I know, I felt reallllllly out of place.  It's been 3-4 years.

I also have a chronic disease which makes gaining weight a bit harder, and keeps me skinny.  It also brings pain some days, which can be hard to cope with.  My diet is somewhat limited.

I dunno, every day it's the same thing, I work just enough to get by (online work), play video games, go to sleep.  Rinse/repeat every day.  Nothing is changing.  It's been this way for 10 years....As a kid I always thought it would get better, eventually I would age/get over everything...but nothing has changed, it's just sadder now because I'm technically an adult.

I also have constant thoughts about suicide, past screw ups, past embarrassments, constant reminder of how much i've failed.  I can't make it stop

I can only imagine how silly it sounds that looking young is bothering me.  I just look too young.  People treat you different, and remind you of it every time you meet someone new, which is for some reason socially acceptable.

I see these other people my age, finished college, and starting a career.  I feel so behind socially/academically/in every way

I don't think I could actually commit suicide though...at least I'm not that desperate yet....but I don't know what to do...

Thanks for reading, kinda long, but was somewhat nice to get out.
