It's the second night this week I take morphine just to calm downIt's not pure morphine, it's a med that has some ethylmorphine in it. My doctor gives it to me sometimes when my coughing is too bad. I'm misusing it now, though. I know I don't need it but It's what calms me down.

I don't even know why, what, when anymore. I don't know why I'm alive or why I'm not dead. I don't know why I still get up every morning, go to work, come back, go to class, come back, eat dinner. I do all I have to.

I'm even healthy, I've lost weight. I even did it the legit way, eating better. Vegetarian for four years. The best grades in college. Boys notice me more and I notice myself more too. I go to therapy. My mom calls me every night. I have a grandma who takes care of me. A boyfriend who sometimes loves me.

I don't know why it happens then. Why I can't cry now, why I'm writing and publishing this. Why I feel so damn alone and lost. What is the sense of my life, what do I keep fighting for. Why I'm doing something that's so wrong, and not feeling guilt. Why do I walk as if on automatic.

Last wednesday night I had an attack, after a fight with my boyfriend. That pain came back, the one that feels so intense it feels like you're vomiting it. I felt I was going mad that night, dizzy because of the meds I took, walking in circles in my living room. Watching as life went on and nobody realized what was happening. I felt so confused.

Tonight again. I don't even know why I took it. I just got up and swallowed a pill. It's not nearly enough to overdose or kill myself, all it will do is make me relaxed and a bit dizzy. But why. What is going on, what am I doing, why am I doing it.

I feel like I've gone crazy. Every time I go out I want to catch a bus and disappear. Go far far far, where nobody knows me or my name. Start from zero. I'd like to not have to think, to just live. I'd like to find a reason why to live, something to fight for. Something that keeps me going.

I feel like I'm freaking crazy for doing this, but I can't help it. In my worst moments I know I would take anything that made me feel better. Anything. I only have 4 pills left and then it's back to nothing. I'm not going to buy it or look for anything else. 

Sometimes I feel like it's gone, but it always comes back. It never leaves me alone. It makes me numb to think about it. I would just like to know if anyone else feels like this too.