Dark thoughts since becoming disabled.I warn you it's long, but I needed to get the back story out and get it off my Chest. Today has been a terrible dark day. If I don't reply I'm going to try and sleep it off. 

About 5 months ago, I booked a day off work with my other half to have a day out. On the way driving, my car was hit by a bus. I took the brunt of it. Long story short, I broke my back in 2 places. The bus driver is denying any wrong doing despite it being his fault. The police admitted he was wrong but cannot guarantee a conviction so are not perusing (arguing this with them now as it's all clearly on video).

The back break also herniated a load of discs in my spine and potentially I'm looking at surgery. This has left me with a blue disability badge and I'm now registered as disabled.

For the past year, I have been working out and getting into shape for My wedding next year, however since the crash it's going massively the other way and I'm gaining. I have been off work during all of this time and now face that I have been told by lots of Dr's I'm not fit to work, but I'll soon drop to half pay, which doesn't help when paying for a wedding.

I have had 2 of my "best friends" lecture me about how they won't use a Disabled bay whilst I'm in the car because it's "for people in a wheelchair and with real disabilities"

Before the crash I was offered a promotion but had to turn it down because I'd have to switch jobs. During my time off I have applied for my current job at better pay twice, and both times been told I'm not qualified enough despite doing it for nearly 4 years.

About a month ago, I was Sat at home alone yet again, and everything got to me. I was about to do something really stupid when I noticed my dog staring at me with his head half cocked. At that point I realised he wouldn't understand and that my other half would have to come home to find me dead. 

That's the back story.

Today, I was turned down for the second time with the promotion. Yesterday I fell over and jarred my back, now I am facing having to go to hospital and spend all day there again for them to do nothing. I have been crippled and can't work out, hell I can't even bend to tie my own shoe lace.

Today has been a low day, and I genuinely want it to end. I have even been thinking about doing stupid stuff to make it end even tho I know I should try and sleep it off