what am i even living for anymoreso i dont know where to start really, but here goes. every day feels like a constant struggle. i wake up, and i just do absolutely nothing. i sit in my house and do nothing. im never hungry anymore, i eat maybe once a day and when i do its barely anything, like a fucking sandwich. each day i basically just smoke weed all day long with 3 "friends" that live in my neighborhood. i call them "friends" because honestly i dont think i make a difference to them by being there. they only really talk to me when they want something out of me. when i text them, they hardly even answer. sometimes when im with them, and i say something, one of their responses is just "fuck you" and nothing else. i dont feel like my parents are there for me, and all i ever do is make my mom feel like i hate her. i dont try to, but its all i ever end up doing. my relationship with my dad is fucked, he cheated on my mom and she kicked him out a few years ago, and now he gives my mom $400 a month for us to basically live on. i have a sister, but i never even talk to her and she never talks to me, i guess she just hates me idk.. as for school, i fucking suck. all of my grades are terrible, but its not  because im stupid. im just too fucking lazy to even do anything anymore, but i dont think it even matters if i try. my parents have no college fund for me nor have they ever mentioned sending me to college, so theres no reason to even get good grades because i dont have a future. at school, i really dont have any friends either. i talk to maybe three people, and im pretty sure they probably hate me. no one really cares about me or notices im even there. theres like one girl who says that im cute, but im pretty sure shes fucking lying to me because i previously kind of "opened up" to her about how ive been feeling. she says "all these people think im so cute and everyone likes me" but thats a lie. no one even bothers to talk to me ever. i feel like if i tried talking to people i would just fucking bother them by being there and they would just disregard me. i stopped going to lunch, and no one even noticed. its whatever though, because i already expected that. i liked a girl earlier this year, and when i told her my feelings she just completely ignored me, and then started "going out" with someone else i know. after a bit of time she started telling her friends i was the one ignoring her and just made me look worse. it doesnt bother me that she doesnt like me, cause its not like i could do anything, but it just goes to show how fucking little i mean to anyone that she couldnt even respond to me. i told my mom about this whole event for some reason, but all she did was laugh when i finished talking. i dont know why i even wake up anymore honestly. i just want to kill myself every day. everyone in my life would be so much happier if i wasnt there. people at school would probably be glad to hear im dead. im sure my family might be sad but i dont even care anymore. im sure they would get over it pretty quickly and just forget about me, just like everyone else in my life. im done trying. fuck everything.