Its so quietI have been suicidal for years, around maybe six. In that time, I've been physically abused for two, mentally abused for one and been admitted into the hospital for an OD suicide attempt, along with many other unknown attempts. I've visited two different therapists, attended a group on abuse and taken many colorful antidepressants. None of them helped. None. 

My divorced parents couldn't give a fuck less. In fact, when I was admitted into the hospital, they never visited me. They saw the cutting marks on my arms too but never said anything. They just told me that I was crazy and wanted nothing to do with me. I had friends throughout life, all of my depression would vanish around them. But they soon disappeared, not believing me when I said I was in an abusive relationship. They are now friends with my abusive exes over me. 

The only hope I had left has disappeared now. He was my boyfriend and he was perfect and understanding. But he's since ignored me and I'm finally taking the hint, its been two weeks since I've heard from him. In a sickening funny way, he already had a girlfriend commit suicide over him. I understand what she was thinking now, as he is a wicked soul who knows exactly what women want to hear. He disgusts me. Also, he was there and visited me in the hospital when I ODed. Yet, he agrees to a relationship he clearly didn't mean. I don't understand. 

I have no one to talk me down or cheer me up. My parents would be happy if I wasn't such a burden on them. I don't have any friends that would care to listen to my whining. And most of all, I couldn't talk to the only person who is making me feel this way. He won't pick up no matter what I say. 

All I want is to finally end it all. To know peace. To let everyone live their lives as they want. Without me. Everyone fucking hates me and I need help. I'm going crazy all alone. I don't know how I'm going to do it yet. I'd gladly OD but the only connection I know is my ex bf's best friend, and he controls him. I don't own a gun and I'm afraid a car crash won't suffice. So ideas would be welcomed, largely.