Need advice, if anyone is willing to listenI tried to kill myself last Saturday night. My uncle didn't wake up the next morning instead of me, and I feel like it's my fault. I feel like it's my responsibility to live a happy, fulfilling life now because I owe him. He would want me to. But I'm just more depressed than ever, the guilt and pressure to be happy like everyone wants me to be is getting to me just from everything with my uncle alone. I can't tell my family because they're already grieving, and I don't want to worry them more. There's not much they could do to help me that I couldn't already do myself.

I have bipolar disorder and BPD among other disorders I live with, so I know this depressive episode will pass. But this is the worst that it's been in a long time. Out of nowhere things got really bad, and last Saturday night I found myself 8 stories up on top of a parking deck, looking down. After hours of staring down and crying and thinking I decided to go home and overdose instead. Obviously, it didn't work. I was throwing up and feeling like shit for a few days afterwards. After other past suicide attempts, I've realized I wanted to live, and afterwards I've been happy to be alive. But this time is different. I feel worse than ever, maybe from my uncle passing away? I'm not sure. All I want to do is disappear. I think about death almost constantly. I can barely bring myself to smile. Today was my first day back at work since Saturday and everyone knew something was wrong. I can't even fake it anymore. All day today I thought about going back to that parking deck and just doing it.

I've thought about going back to a mental health facility in my area. I've stayed there twice. There are more than a few things keeping me from going there though..
I don't have health insurance. My dad lost his job a few weeks ago, and with that my family lost all of our health benefits. There's no way I could afford to pay for a hospital on my own. My family might be willing to help but I don't want to put that on them.
I would also be labeled an addict and forced to go through a recovery program. I smoke marijuana on a daily basis. It really helps me with my depression, anxiety, mood swings, paranoia, etc... Just because I would test positive means that they'd make me focus on my "addiction" problem and push my other mental health problems to the side. I've seen it happen to people in there, and they leave without getting any real help that they need.
I also stopped taking my medication a few months ago. Stopped seeing my psychiatrist and therapist, all of that. I'm tired of having to rely on medication to function like a normal person, to be able to feel happy. I'm open to medication options, if I could find any that would actually work. And that's without even considering the cost of a psychiatrist and medication, and at the hospital they'd force medication down my throat and add that to the list of bills.. Anyways. Going to the hospital or going back to a therapist or psychiatrist or whatever doctor isn't an option anymore since I don't have health insurance. Can't afford it. Getting help is too expensive, which is sad.

I guess I'm kind of at a loss. I'm not feeling nearly as suicidal as I was earlier, but it's only because I gave in and cut myself. I don't want to want to die every second I'm awake. My best friend told me that he knows I don't want to die, and it made me angry. He doesn't want me to die. My family doesn't want me to die. But I genuinely do and I hate that I do. I can't shake the feeling that I'm not going to make it to Christmas this year.

I guess I'm just venting/ranting. I don't expect anyone to read or respond to this.. I don't know what the point is. 
