how can i help my friend who says she wants to kill herself?today my friend called me in tears, telling me that she was in so much emotional pain. i won’t go into the depth of it, but it seemed bad. she told me that for the past few nights, she had been crying herself to sleep, wanting to kill herself. she told me she was gonna do it tonight.

i panicked. i told my parents, who told her step-mom. i also texted her sister to go check in on her, since she said she was writing her letter. she told me that she’d be doing it tonight, as i’m posting this. 

i begged her not to, i told her i wouldn’t be able to live without her. i said she meant so much to me and that she was family to me. i told her to think of her younger siblings, and how they’d feel. i was sobbing, begging her not to. she told me she didn’t care. she called me delusional when i told her that things would get better. she said not to make promises i couldn’t keep, and then she blocked me.

i was sitting with my parents, sobbing when i got a text from her. she asked me what i was thinking by telling someone. she said she wasn’t doing anything. i told her she scared me and i genuinely thought she was gonna do it. she said she was just gonna cut herself instead.

part of her issue is her parents and grandparents, who verbally abuse her. they tell her that they’re disappointed, that she needs to be better, that they only expect the worst from her, etc. they’re constantly belittling her and her interests, and it has such a negative affect on her. she’s tough as nails and doesn’t let words hurt her, but i can tell what they say is getting to her. i really do hope that one day they’ll either improve or lose custody, and she’ll live with her other grandparents, who are much kinder.

the night before, she had told me she wanted to end our friendship. she said she “didn’t like the idea of friends,” and asked that we go our separate ways. it crushed me. i spent so much time today just sobbing and missing her. when she called me, she told me she had been cutting people off so that she could finally kill herself without worrying about anyone.

she had told me about being suicidal about a year prior. only last time, she promised to to do anything, and listened when i told her how loved she is. but this time she just kept saying she didn’t care, and that i was bothering her. i know that in the moment, she was saying things she didn’t mean, so i’m not upset about that. i’m just worried that one of these days she’s actually gonna do it without warning. frankly, i don’t know that i’ll be able to sleep tonight, knowing what she planned to do.

how can i help her?