I guess I just needed to get this out there.I don't know what to expect from this.  Maybe some helpful advice?  Or maybe I just needed to see it written down.

I feel broken down and tired.  I keep trying.  I keep doing things I want to do for myself, but I'm not sure what is going wrong.  It feels like my husband is "poisoning the well".

I love to cook and bake.  I used to do that all the time and when I tasted it, it was amazing.  My husband would try it and he would say it was delicious, but then he would never eat any of it.  Then something switches in my mind.  
I don't eat anymore of it.  It's not really that good.  I can't eat it anymore.  It's just going to make me fat.  Then it slowly goes in the garbage along with a little more of my spirit.  I barely eat anything for days.

Other days he would go on about what an amazing cook his mom is and no one can top her baking skills.  Then he goes on to brag about how his coworkers come close to his moms cooking. His mom is amazing, his coworkers are amazing.  
All of these women in his life are just perfect and he rants and raves about them all the time.  I'm just... the girl he married.

If something small does not go his way.  He ignores me.  Sleeps on the couch.  No more touches, no more words... we become roommates.

I can't talk to him.  I have tried.  He gets so defensive and it just goes downhill from there until we stop talking for days.  I don't eat anything for days.  I wake up, go to work, come home, then go to sleep.  My dreams are the only relief I can find.  
He carries on his own days as if nothing is wrong.

I can't talk to anyone.  Who?  Who the fuck wants to listen to this shit?  Who the fuck cares?  I don't talk to my family.  They are on the other side of the country and are too conservative and judgmental.
I have 2 friends, but I don't feel like I can talk to them either.

 I really just want someone to care.  I have no human interaction outside of work.  I just want someone to hug me and remind me that everything really is going to be alright.
