I'm disgusted with myselfOk so I grew up in a very abusive household and my mom died while I was very young while my dad would kick the shit out of me and emotionally hurt me so much, but that doesn't excuse that I'm genuinely not a good person. I'm always focused on myself and bother people with my problems. I had a very sweet girlfriend two years ago and I suddenly dumped her. Why I did it wasn't that bad. She was 8 years older and I felt like I was slowing her down and she was trying to build a life with me while that wasn't possible, but how I did it was very mean, abrupt and cruel. She had invested thousands of euros into me and I didn't even bother to end it properly. I just wanted to get out and didn't think about how to do it. It did hurt me so much though... Like I really missed her and cried so much about it, but I never showed her those emotions. 

I also smoked so much fucking weed and cigs on a poor diet. Like a fucking degenerate. After I quit 1.5 yrs ago I got a mental breakdown and feel like it's too late. I'm 28 and think I'm going to die young and hating myself so much that I want to kill myself. In a random impulse I started contacting my ex about how I miss her. Writing messages without thinking how it would land. She replied and blocked me and I made a new account and I suddenly wrote a bunch of suicidal texts to that poor woman? Like what was I thinking? Then I got into a panic mode and wanted to explain myself so I dumped all my unwanted emotions on her to explain myself. She kept replying in a very mean way, telling me to stop and then blocking me while I didn't respect that and kept making new accounts. I don't know why I did it, I just did it. I was being very vulnerable and just crying about all my regrets and mistakes. About how I dumped her and ruined everything. In the end she exploded and got sooooo fucking angry. She wrote an extremely evil message that completely broke my spirit. Amongst others she said: 'You'll never learn how to live your life. Tragic, whiner fickle, loser king! Forecasting that you're going to die? I don't fucking care! I don't have to feel any guilt because of how you dumped me. I will never reply again and I will move on to someone/something much better. LOSER!' After that I spammed her for 4 months begging to talk it out. Most of it was explaining myself, but I also became angry and insulted her back at some point and I feel very disgusted with myself that I did that because I didn't mean those hurtful words. 

Oh and also one time during a concert, I randomly elbowed someone in the back like 3 times for no reason? She turned around and asked if I was doing it on purpose. My ex saw that I was arguing with her, but doesn't know why and brought that up too, How I'm an irrational asshole like at that concert. I now have constant flashbacks in my head because I did that shit... 

Let's see... I also randomly bullied a kid at high school once. Just singling him out for no reason. In addition I also found out a guy was gay and told it to my friends and then he got outed because of me. 

I think those things are all the terrible things I've done. I keep thinking about it. I feel like such an evil person. It's very hard to live with myself... I can't shake how evil I am.

I do work as a class assistant teaching my language to refugees now, I try to be a good person and help a lot of people to make up for all my terrible behavior, I try to be selfless from now on, but I don't think I'll ever be able to see myself as a good person and that really saddens me. I don't care if I die anymore because the world wouldn't miss me...