Someone help me. My family is abusing me.Today my aunt told me to commit suicide. I was in the car with my mom, aunt, and grandma. We were going to my parent's workshop because they don't believe a 14-year-old girl can stay home alone. My aunt told me to commit suicide and my mom agrees to it. My grandma stayed quiet the whole way. It begins when I stay up late because I stayed up late last night. I stayed up late because I have online friends (and my only friends) that comforted me when I was very depression last night. I was so happy with them. They make my life so happy. But in the morning, my aunt found out that I stay up late. She thinks that I "bad" stuff on the internet. She threatens me to tell my dad to throw away my laptop or tell my uncles to lock websites like youtube, facebook, reddit, and etc. I begin crying but she said I was a attention whore. The rest of the car trip, my aunt and mom begin to throw insults to me. They told me I was ugly, lazy, bad and awful girl. My mom threatens my dad to yell at me and beat me up. I was crying so hard and they laugh at how silly my face is. I been so depression for the past few days and weeks. I don't have any real life friends to count on. All my good friends are online and my family is taking them away from me. I haven't eaten well for the past few weeks and my mom told me that I finally look skinny...I haven't been sleeping well either. I'm always a shut-in and always on the computer because my parents don't let me go outside or see anyone from outside. My skin is so pale because of that. I have tried suicide attempts at least two times. But my online friends came to help me. I really gonna miss them. I'm also so lonely in real life. No one talks to me in school. Even if I do, I get ignored. Other times, people in my school makes fun of me because I was lonely and alone. There are other couples times my family verbal abuse . Sometimes my mom told me I need to get plastic surgery. Sometimes my aunt told me that I have no friends and I'm stupid. My little brother, my dear little brother, makes up lies about me to get me in trouble and make fun of me. I'm so scare of my dad. I'm scare that my dad will yell at me and beat me up. He always listen to my mom. Always. I don't know what to do right now. I'm trying to hold back my tears as I type this in the backroom of my parents workshop while my aunt and mom is talking bad and complain about me to the costumers...

Edit: I feel so much better. I like to thank everyone for helping me and giving me advices. Look at my comment below for more details.