I love my parents; life is meaningless without themI don't know if I am right here, but I will try.

You see, my parents are great people. Kind and selfless, hardworking, intelligent people. They are awesome and I can't imagine being ever without them. They are my only friends.

When I was 12, November 9th 2008 my mother almost died from a sudden brain aneurysm. She fully recovered without any long term damages, but it still wrecked me up. She hugs me every day and tells me she loves me and is proud.
Last year, when I was 21, I wrote an a newspaper article for my university and went 3 hours to the city to grab a paper and 3 hours back to show my achievement to my parents.
My father is the kind of man who does not think for himself but for his family. Does not matter how late it gets when I return home, the lights are on and he will excitenly ask how my day was. March the 8th 2017 the lights were out, noone was there. I knew, this time it was him.
I screamed for my brother, who is older than me but has Aspergers, and asked him what happened. He just told me: "You could have convinced him sooner to go to the hospital, but you were not there." Then he ran off to his room and locked it. He never really liked me, but I am sure he hated me from this moment on.
My father suffered from an aortic dissection (google it), one funny movement and he just bleed to death, the chances were against him, but he made it and to doctors surprises made a full recovery and is more cheerful than ever.

I was so happy, but I just do not feel the same anymore. Most of the time I feel empty, other times there is a fist in my stomach and I cannot sleep, sometimes I cry for days over ridiculous reasons. Like earlier this day I was corrected harshly by a TA. Others move on, I cannot.

I was never really able to make friends and I do not have a great job perspective. Most of all, my parents are in their 60s. When they are gone, then what? There will be nothing in this world to keep me here. I only want to live to make my parents to make them happy, they deserve it. There will be nothing without them.


Sorry, if this does not fit here. Others have it far worse than I do, but I wanted to get this of my chest.