Just rambling, I guess.I've been debating, and I think of reasons not to, and I try to convince myself that there's other solutions, and I go in circles with myself for hours.

But the end result is always the same, and the heavy feeling of isolation, and the realization of how worthless I am always wins out. I think of all the people I'll leave behind, and how I'll devastate my family,  but every day just feels so wrong, like I should've been dead long ago, and what am I doing wasting space.

I tried calling a hotline once, 1-800-talk, but they didn't listen at all. I said I didn't want to talk about suicide, and they reassured me I was a waste of time by tying up the phone lines of people truly in need, and I needed to get off the phone. So I hung up and burned myself, because it's exactly what I deserve. But I'm so sick of cleaning up the mess, and wiping up the blood, and cleaning the wounds and cleaning the wounds and cleaning the fucking wounds until the scars form and disfigure my arms even more than they already were.

The only times I can truly forget are when I'm stoned off my ass and get drunk and go to parties, and I live it up off the high, and I laugh all night, and the next morning I leave and I'm alone again, and I'm nobody and I'm nothing.

You know what kills me the most is the silence I live in, stuck in my head, and cutting more nights than not, while I pretend it's all okay, and I make the dean's list, and I have a future, and I'm going to find a career and make a life for myself. All the scars, the hundreds of scars, and I go to class and lie between my teeth about all the jobs I've applied to, when in reality I haven't applied to anywhere at all. 

So everything is coming to a close, and I have nowhere to move on to, and my classes are falling apart, and I haven't done any of my final projects, and I'm supposed to graduate and I don't fucking know what happens next, and I haven't even bothered getting my cap and gown, which my parents reminded me to do a few months ago.

I feel bad because my relatives are coming from out of state to watch me graduate, but I think they might be coming for a funeral instead.