Suicide is all I can think about, and I always come back to it.This post might be long, sorry...

Ever since I was nine I have wanted to commit suicide. I get yelled at, berated, and told I am not good enough by my family. My mother yells at me constantly for stupid shit. I have stopped eating properly, and I have been getting yelled at for that as well.  "Just eat more! If you don't eat your food you aren't allowed to eat anything else for the rest of the day." "Just eat your food! It's not that hard!" My father has joined in on the yelling, as well. I'm usually able to go numb when my mother yells at me, however, my father was the only one I felt safe around in my family, only to have that secureness robbed from me once again. I put myself in toxic or unhealthy relationships and proceed to take all the blame for everything. No matter if it was my fault or not, I take the blame. I'm a pretty convincing liar so when I'm asked if I'm okay I say "Yeah! I'm fine! Why do I look upset?" I was supposed to go to a therapist today and ask about medication for depression, however, I can't because of this quarantine.  Oh well... just another thing that doesn't work out my way. I'm used to it. Recently I had fallen for someone (pretty fucking hard)  even though I knew I had no chance. I was drowning in emotion for this person (...still am kinda.). I knew I had no chance, yet I tried anyway. Only to have the result be another huge disappointment. "It's fine! I'm okay! Promise."  I keep lying, saying I'm okay. I smile even though I feel like crying, yet I can't even cry. I have no more tears left. My brain started yelling at me more, telling me I'm a failure. No one will love me, I am not worth anyone's time or energy. I am not enough for anyone. I am not enough for myself, either. My brain won't allow me to tell anyone how I really feel. It's like a switch goes off in my brain when I am supposed to tell someone how I feel.  A switch that makes me act all cheerful and happy when In reality I hate myself, I hate everything around me. I want to die, I want to be dead. I want to feel the pain of death. All I ever think about is death. How great it would be if I was just dead. No one would have to put up with me! No one would have to pretend to like me. I won't have to pretend to like anyone. I won't have any emotions, I won't get broken down time, and time again. I have all the means to kill myself, I simply just don't have the courage yet. I am not sure If I will survive this quarantine. The only thing keeping me from ending it all is a measly promise I made to someone. (Which makes me feel even worse.) I pretend to smile and say I'm okay because I have other friends who are worse than I am and all I want to do is help them get better. I have attempted suicide six times, each time failed. (obviously.) I have nothing to live for, I want to die. Its all I think about. My brain reminds me "Hey! You aren't good enough, is now the time to down those 250 pills with coke and go to sleep?"