I am sick.I am sick.

To a point where my mind can no longer think, just to protect myself from what my memories and thoughts it might conjure.

To a point where I've lead such a solitary life and developed an idealogy just to maximize my pain and live alone.

I am sick.

Nobody cares about you, it is only when you, have nothing to offer to their gain.

Nobody loves you, only when they do, you leave them to, protect them, but mostly you.

I am sick.

I eat nothing but junk, do nothing but sit and watch, distract myself from it all.

I cry, scream, preach, yell, whimper for help, but when anyone rare enough to see something so obscure and unimportant and reach out to me, I refuse.

I am sick.

I hate myself, I love myself. I live, but I don't want to. I want to end my suffering, but the pain is there because I want it to be there. I want to stop being in pain, yet I really don't want to.

Nothing I do will see anyone's face. Nothing I do will matter to anyone except me. No matter how loud you cry, no matter how much pain you are in, no matter how much you hate life to rebel against how unfair it is, life doesn't own you anything. Life will not justify anything. Life will hate you, life will push you, kick you, and expect you to master it, with no reward other than meaningless artificial feelings and emotions your brain produces.

I am sick.

I am tired.

I can't hold it anymore. I want to kill, and I want to die. I want to put others in pain, I want to put myself in pain. I want to die, yet I still live. I am tired.

I am sick, and tired.

I beg you for mercy, to please end it, from my miserable existence.

I beg you for mercy, to please cover my eyes and tell me that it's okay.

I beg you for mercy, to please tell me that I am nothing more than a meaningless wall of text that offers nothing to anyone except boredom, and that you'll do me the good of not making me exist any more.

I beg you, for mercy. I beg you, kill me.

I am sick, tired, and running out of patience.