just wanted to say... i DO understand, and it WILL get betteri've been there. i've wanted to end it all.... and i regret that so much, every time i think about it. if there is anything i regret, anything i truly feel guilty about, its how much i didn't appreciate my life.

as for my happiness now? my car broke down, and i don't have money to get a new one. i've been looking for a career ill be comfortable in for years, and i haven't found one. i am single, and not exactly stoked about it. i am out of shape, i have only a small small number of friends, and at 26 years old, im no where near close to where i imagined i'd be, or where i'd like to be. 

im also happy. very fucking happy. i dont know how to explain this solace, but i know people out there are like the old me. i know people are struggling to find any purpose in life, or even just an ounce of happiness in each day... and it hurts so much to know someone out there is in pain like that. i KNOW how it feels, its the shittiest thing you can imagine. i've been there, i've literally wanted to bury myself in a cave, and hope everyone will forget i will exist. i've wanted to end my life just so i didn't have to go through the same SHIT the next day. but i didn't, and at the time it was only because of my sister. she has rett syndrome, and its about as debilitating a disorder as there could ever be. she can't talk, so we never know exactly how she feels. she can't control her muscles, so she can barely turn over when she's uncomfortable. she can't clear her throat when/if she feels the phlegm. she can't scratch and itch when she's being bothered by it.

but god damnit does she smile pretty much all the time. of course i wonder how much does she understand, but dont get me wrong, she cries. she cries when nothing seems wrong, we have no idea what it is. she cries everytime she hears a baby cry. she cries when she isn't left alone after so much time. sometimes she just gets upset, so i KNOW she has a range of emotions that is at least loosely based on her surroundings.... and i also know she chooses to smile more than anything else. and the only thing i can attribute that to is... shes happy.

i couldn't understand why she was so happy all the time when i spent an equal amount of time depressed. and ya know, i still dont know why, but i know she is, and so i know i can be, too. that inspiration literally saved my life. i couldn't kill myself knowing she doesn't have that option, but further, i know i couldn't kill myself knowing that SHE WOULDN'T DARE THINK ABOUT IT EVEN IF SHE DID HAVE THE OPTION.

i still read my suicide note every once in a while. its a very painful reminder, but its also incredibly cathartic. i find beauty in everything i never thought i would. im just so happy im still here to experience something, anything.

i was diagnosed with depression when i was 12, and again when i was 16, and again when i was 23 or 24. it simply comes down to a chemical imbalance... because im not a depressed person. yes, sometimes i still wake up and am greeted by the feeling of wanting to cry. sometimes i can simply shake that and tell myself its all in my head... other times it sticks with me, but i never let it win. im just happy to be alive. im happy to experience ANYTHING. im happy to feel emotion, even if its not a good one, just having *any* feeling is a beautiful feeling.

**tl;dr - i have begged for death... now i worship life.**