23 year old with no futureHi my English is not perfect but I guess whoever bother to read it won't make jokes about it.

I'm 23 year old from Europe left my home country after 20 years to start over (not a war refuge)

I'm my home country I never had friends and one failed relationship

It's too difficult for me to learn my new country's language and I can't go back to the place that gave me trauma and nightmares. .

I have no friends here even tho people call me polite and sweet I can't find friends and I'm too weak to try it.

So far I sound like the typical "new guy in town with difficult to blend in"
Well...im not

I'm paranoid schizophrenic with PTSD from my past and childhoold and my daily life is hell.

I can't sleep and when I can I don't want to.
All the flashbacks hunting me all day they coming at nights and nothing can help me.

I was two years combind at 3 different mental hospitals over the past 5 years.

"Maybe find friends there" they tell me and I'm friendly but I avoid connect or minimize it with people around me because of my illness.

Right now I'm waiting for my language course...yeah right just like 2 years ago...

I know I won't make it because I tried not once and all went to shit. 

I got addicted to strong sleeping pills that made feel like high and I never tried other drugs..exept the garbage that every well educated doctor tried on me after few minutes of talk.

"Go outside and enjoy the weather"...yeah like I never tried that. Then I see couples together or kids who grow up to better life and I start to replanning my exit one way ticket from this life...life? Death was on my mind since I was teenager. As a kid I never thought I'll get this far.

Now the more I thought about death it's became a part of me. Every beautiful thing in this world reminds me that I will never enjoy that.

All I want is someone to share my life with. 
I don't want many friends I don't want being popular. I just want to be free with some one out there.

"So I think you should go to the hospital..."

Fuck that. No disrespect to others that hospital CAN save a lives. My illness and current point of view will never change unless I do something about it.

I have a plan to disappear as a lone wolf to my freedom. 

I'm not going to kill myself today so please hold your phones.

I just want to share a little bit of myself and I'll appreciate a honest comments like "damn you're total fucked up"
Because I am.

I'm NOT DEPPRESED.
I don't know how to call it but I'm tired of life because my illness that has no cure and no future with it.

It won't pass and it won't end unless one decide to say fuck it...

Thank you for reading.