Letting go of everything.So help me process this, I’ll be amazed if anyone can find the words to convince me otherwise, so far two therapists, four medications, and countless others have failed to change my mind, so I might as well open my life to public dialogue.

I've clearly fumbled/fucked up/failed every career in my life (now on my 5th if you count part time retail), I'm now making $11hr (formally $3K a week) so that I'll never qualify for a loan, or any other kind of freedom finding lifestyle since I still live with my parents at 27, in order to buy a modest piece of land in a shitty neighborhood it will cost me $85-$100K and by my calculations it will take me over 10 years to save up to maybe afford a piece of land to someday hopefully afford to put a trailer on it. 

My most modest and realistic goal is to maybe afford to buy a trailer someday, which is not only depressing as fuck but also humiliating and self-eliminating in any form of social interaction. 

I'm too mentally frayed to ever work another job that enables me to make more than the average illegal immigrant. (High stress, high travel, high workload for 9 years will do that too you)

My relationships have all gone to shit, I have virtually zero friends that I see often and I don't socialize, I work, I come home I smoke away my sobriety because thinking about how much I've ruined my life caused me to break my hand twice last year punching a mirror, and instantly spells out a suicide plan for me. I wake up, I smoke again and take my meds and the day repeats, every day.

My first ex fiancé attempted suicide at my aunt and uncle’s house to get my attention when she felt us growing apart, my second ex (non-fiancé) left me because I wasn’t going to amount to anything in the $11hr job, combined with a lifetime of rejection from most other women and being told at 16 that “no girl wants to date a guy with a waist smaller than theirs” has created what has probably been an eating disorder for a while and turn my already low self esteem into something that is now nonexistent.

Combine that with toxic masculinity of “stop feeling sorry for yourself” and that being told virtually everything I’ve ever done was a “95 yard dash” (not good enough) has given me no belief in my abilities despite having worked in Silicon Valley with nothing more than a High School Diploma from virtual schooling in Florida.

I never went to college because I was too afraid of being too stupid and too poor to go and the thought of crushing debt alone is suicidal. 

My plan came to be out of just finding what fits in my life and where the best place would be to be found, so that’s already taken care of, I just have to find the time and will power to go through with it.

The broken record is an endless loop of you’ve failed, you’ll never make it, you’re not worthy of love or a family, because your pay will never be adequate enough for anyone (be honest with yourself here, you wouldn’t date a 27 year old who still lives at their parents house and makes part-time wage), I’ve fruited my last fruit, I’ve contributed as best I can and I have no interest in continuing, once I wake up on a day where I’m not even mad or hateful towards myself all I have to do is remember how stuck I am and how abandoned and alone I am in the world of sucking the life and resources from my family, I’d rather just pay off my debt and leave them what little I have left.

I don't want to live, I have nothing that I care to contribute to the world ever again and I'm okay with that, I'm okay with being a suicide statistic, I'm okay with never having a life, if that means I don't have to live with the guilt of having my family never seeing me marry or have a family of my own, I just don't want to exist anymore because I can't afford to exist in this country without leaching off of someone else and I'd rather not live that way or at all.

I plan on carefully crafting a very striking suicide note name dropping all of the people and experiences that broke me, because if I’m going to die I want my family to at least be able to go cry and blame those named in person.

Let’s argue this, I’m ready, I’m not trying to be a stubborn asshole, but I can’t break free of this loop so give me your best shot at invalidating my reasons.

Keep in mind, if the climate wasn’t changing and if Trump didn’t help destroy America, I’d still have PLENTY of my own reasons for wanting to die.