Seriously, I need some help.I'm sorry for my bad English.


I am at some point going to kill myself, I just don't know when.


I've trained Karate for seven years and that has helped me trough hard times. Recently, I started dating a girl that has trained with me for these seven years and all of her family members train there as well. 

Me and this girl got along pretty well, I'm not the most popular guy in town and this was the first girl that showed interest in me. For the first time in my life I was feeling better and everything was great.

We had been dating for 4 months when shit started to fuck up. She told me that she had a crush on my best friend. What did I do? I started to blame myself for it, and because this was the first girl that ever showed interest in me, I forgave her and said it was no problem. Things were always awkward when I was with her and my best friend because I KNEW how she felt about him and I couldn't talk to him about it because he would advise me to break up with her, which I didn't want because I was "happy."

1 year anniversary, and she breaks up with me out of nowhere. I felt horrible, absolutely traumatised. Her best friend told me that she had a crush on some guy for a couple of weeks and he was all in for her. So I get dumped as soon as a better alternative comes along.

Fast forward 1 year, still haven't been with any girls and she sends me a message. I thought maybe she had changed, so I hooked up with her again. We dated for one month and I REALLY thought this could be a great relationship.

Then she cheated on me. I don't know with whom and I don't care. I get really pissed and she tells her family that I'm a huge asshole and a dickhead. So now I quit training Karate, the one of the few things I liked about my life and her family hates me. 

That's not all, my dad is a raging alcoholic, my mum works all day and is in school and my sisters really don't care about me. The only thing that drives me on in this life is my little brother who I love with all my heart and he is the reason why I haven't killed myself yet. My last hope is you guys. I've been taking depression medicine for a couple of months now and tried to talk to a psychologist, but he told me that I was just going through a phase and that was the end of that. I can't talk to my family. I am giving up.