Approaching 35...and away we goThrowaway account, because I'm uncomfortable posting this from my main (as I'm sure countless others have written before me). I've lurked on this sub, commented a little, but never posted. But I feel that now is the right time to do so. Because it is at this moment, approaching my 35th year on this crazy, spinning globe that we call home, that I feel like I have hit rock bottom. It took a lot to get me here...mostly a combination of poor life decisions, bipolar disorder, alcoholism, and lack of motivation. My life started off fairly promising. I was in "gifted" classes, did well in school, was bullied a little for being "weird", and a "nerd", but nothing traumatic. My parents divorced when I was 11, but I saw it coming. It sucked, but I knew it was for the best. At the age of 12 I was living with my dad, because my mom was in no condition to raise me at that point in her life (It's ok, folks. She apologized to me when I was 18, and told me that my decision to live with my dad was for the best. We're on pretty good terms now.). My freshman year of high school was when I first experienced depression. I felt like an outsider, like no one understood me. I wanted to kill myself (part of me wishes I would have just gone through with it then...it would have spared me years of anguish). But I trudged through. I limped through high school, watching my peers from the "gifted classes" join the National Honor Society, and graduate with 4.0 GPAs. My parents, who in my younger years had chastised me if I got anything lower than a B in any of my classes, slackened the reins. "Just get good enough grades so you can go to college". Neither of them had been to college. So I graduated with my lackluster 2.8 GPA, and a score of 27 on the ACT to back up the fact that I was a smart kid who didn't apply myself. I feel the need to mention that at my school, we were required to take the ASVAB test. I didn't think my score was anything special, until an ex of mine who was in the Army saw my results and asked why I never joined the military. Looking back,maybe I should have. So yeah, basically high school was just yours truly getting drunk on a regular basis, and scraping by just enough to go to college. I moved into a dormitory at a college 45 minutes from my hometown. The first semester went well. I studied, showed up to all of my classes, and got A's and B's. For the first time in years, I was putting in the effort, and getting results. Then, it was time for spring semester. By this point, I made a lot of new friends, and had a boyfriend. This, as it turns out, was my downfall. Spring semester, like most of my time in high school, turned into a drunken haze. I skipped classes, partied all the time, and spent many a night with my boyfriend and his friends, all of whom had dropped out of college. My grades tanked, and I was on academic probation. I moved back home for the summer, and told my dad that I was dropping out, and that I was going to get a job so I could move into an apartment with my boyfriend. He said that he understood, and that he was proud of me no matter what. That he was glad that I at least went to college for a year. But the look in his eyes...he was sad, but he didn't want to say it. And now, looking back, it kills me that I didn't make something of myself. Instead of getting a degree, I decided it would be better to get a shitty fast food job, save up money, and move back to the area I went to college (I wanted to stay around my hometown, but my boyfriend's job wouldn't let him transfer). So I transferred, and I didn't know anyone in the area anymore except for my boyfriend. And for a while, I was fine with that. But we started to grow apart. We had a lot in common, but our personalities were too different. I started feeling sad and lonely again. And adding to it, my dad, the only person in the world I knew I could count on, got married and moved to Florida. I wanted out of the relationship, but felt obligated to stay due to financial reasons. I felt trapped. Then, about a year after moving to Florida to start his new life with my stepmom, my dad was diagnosed with cancer. It was like someone knocked the wind out of me. He had told me that something was wrong (he had battled Crohn's since he was 20), and that he thought his stomach was just acting up. They removed a mass from his small intestine...it was malignant. I went to visit him whenever I could, but it was always hard. Just seeing your childhood hero...that one person that you knew would always be there, no matter what...wither away...fade into a husk of what they used to be. He fought for a year and a half, and then succumbed. I got to visit him 2 days before he passed away, and it was the hardest thing I had to deal with in my life. Shortly after, I decided to end my 7 year relationship with my boyfriend, due to his lack of emotional support during my dad's illness, as well as the fact that he humiliated me by FALLING ASLEEP at my dad's funeral. I let him out of the lease of our apartment in exchange for the computer and furniture, and pretty much told him to fuck off. In retrospect, I should have done it years before it ever got that bad. So now I was stuck in a lease in an apartment I knew I couldn't afford, but I had a decent amount in my savings. Time goes by, I depleted the savings. I was making enough money to pay my bills, but was relying on credit cards for groceries, gas, etc. This was yet another poor life decision. But I was determined to get by. I met a guy, fell in love, he moved in, and everything was going pretty well again. I was finally catching up on my debt, and he was much more loving and caring than my ex was. Hell, during the 2 1/2 years we were together, I hardly ever drank, I was seeing a therapist regularly, taking my medication. But a year into the relationship, I learned that he was still married. I gave him a little over a year to save up money to get a divorce. He decided to blow all of his money on Magic cards. Just to be clear, I don't expect to ever be the top priority in someone's life, but it would be nice to feel like maybe for once I could at least be in the top 3. Or, you know, maybe be slightly more important than a card game. Hell, I don't know if I would even ever want to get married, but I'm not too keen on dating someone who is married to another person. Anyway, it was another case of yours truly not meaning fuck all to someone who should at least give a semblance of a shit. So we split up, and I move into a much more affordable apartment in a house my friend owns. I'm getting a great deal on the place, so everything should be sunshine, lollipops, and fucking rainbows, am I right? FUCK NO. Everything breaks on my car, and wipes out my savings. But here's the real kicker. The week that everything on the planet goes wrong with my car, my friend informs me that he's putting the house up for sale, and I have 2 months to move! So I freak the fuck out for a moment, knowing that the security deposit and first month's rent I had saved for a new place was totally wrecked by my car taking a shit. But in a moment of clarity, I remember that a friend of mine and her husband were having financial issues, and were currently renting a large house. I talk to them, negotiate a deal, and boom, I land on my feet and have a new place lined up for me and my 3 cats. And everything goes well...at first. My job (I'm currently a manager at a retail chain), starts getting more stressful. Remember how I mentioned relying on credit cards for food and gas? Yeah, now 1/4 of my take home pay is getting garnished to pay for that. Oh, and the car I spent my entire savings to fix? Totalled it 2 weeks after I paid it off thanks to a fucking deer. Then, said roommate begins getting passive-aggressive. Both her and her husband are in their late 50's, which makes her apparently feel as if she needs to act like my mother. She starts making arbitrary "rules", and berates me when I don't even know what these constantly changing rules are. For example, I went to my friends' house after work. The second I got home, she asked if I was drunk. I didn't even have one drink over there. THEN bitched at me because I parked behind her. (There are 2 driveways, and her husband works 2nd shift) She's off tomorrow, and I don't work til 2. But I was supposed to magically know that she has a funeral to go to. And it's stupid little shit like that. Every fucking day. I get treated like trash everyday at work, and then I just get more of the same when I get home. To top it off, I tried talking to her about my seasonal depression the other day. Her sage advice? "You need to just stop sitting around feeling sorry for yourself." Holy fuck, I'm cured! Why didn't I think about that before? And 2 weeks ago, my fellow managers and I get told that our company is "restructuring", and as of next year, our jobs probably won't exist anymore. I'm turning 35 in a couple of weeks, which means from there it's just a downhill slide towards 40. I have accomplished absolutely fucking nothing in my life. I always hear, "It'll get better.". No, it fucking won't. It's done nothing but get worse for the last 6 or 7 years, and I fucking give up. The only time my life isn't total bullshit is when I'm asleep, so why not enjoy the "eternal sleep" at this point? I have no one to talk to, my so-called "friends" only talk to me when it's convenient for them. I'm sick of being sad, alone, miserable, and a huge fuck up. Nothing I do is ever good enough, and the only person who ever loved me unconditionally died 9 years ago, so what does it matter if I leave now? 

(TL;DR: Back in the 90's, I was in a famous TV show)