I can think of so many reasons to do it. But not many to not.My life is heaven compared to many, I have food on the table, a roof over my head, and a committed by and loving bf. 
Last August I was sexually assaulted by a classmate in my first week of college. He was arrested and I didn't hear anything back until little over a month ago I hired a lawyer, I was going to sue the school for lack of security, hoping it would stop anyone else from having issues. They advised me not to take the case and send me every file on what happened to him. He went to jail. Paid bail, sent his lawyer to court for him and won. Jury believed him. I wasn't there to testify. I wasnt there to tell them he ruined my life. He got his bail back and was sent away with not even a scoff on his record. What happened to me haunts me every day, I can't look at myself naked without wanting to puke. I cant take showers without wanting to cry for hours. I cant have relations with my bf without having flashbacks. No one cares. No one cares about what happened. No one cares to do anything about it. I cant do this for the rest of my life, pretending I'm fine when I'm honestly on the verge on crashing my car into a semi. I've been diagnosed with depression since I was 9. I'm 20 now. And everything I try to do, any hobbies, any loves, any Joy's, get seeped out of my life little by little. I stopped taking my medicine. It made it so much worse, but I cant go to another councilor. I cant explain my pity party of a childhood, drug addict mother I found overdosed at 9, a father who kicked me out at 14. I cant, I just can't keep going down the rabbit hole for them to try to make me feel better. But I don't want to hurt anyone. My bf lives with me, I dont want him to carry the image of my dead body with him. I dont want him to feel guilty about finding love again. My grandparents are old, they xont and can't understand. My grandfathers already gone through cancer, I cant put him through loss too. My sister and my niece, they have so much going on. I dont want to bother them. I keep thinking of how much it'll hurt everyone else, but I cant stop thinking how much it'll stop hurting for me. 