Record a voice memo suicide note and listen to it.I hope that this helps someone out there. Since I’ve started doing this, it’s carried me through the hard times. I am roughing it out here mostly on my own; my parents and fiancé died at a young age. So I am going, suicidal, and alone. 


I understand the ache. I understand the inescapable meltdown of thoughts that floods you with reasons to take your life and doesn’t allow you to see any reason as sufficient for why you shouldn’t. You feel that you are destined to unhappiness and that it will never get better. But darlings, that. That is a lie. 


Life doesn’t hold your hand. It doesn’t walk you through life when you do well or punish you when you don’t. Life simply does not care about you. It is harsh. It’s a reality. It’s survival. But it also means that good times are in your future. You just cannot see it right now. 


I hope that this helps some people out there as it definitely helps me. When I am feeling helpless, at my wits end, and one jump from ending all the pain, I record a voice memo of a suicide note where I say everything to anyone I have something to say to about why I want to die. I ask why certain people hurt me the way they did. I tell them that I will never understand it. I tell them that I hope they recognize the pain they caused. I talk about my grief, sorrows, and then I share the good times of my life and give thanks for that. And I apologize to the world for failing. Then, I just sit down and listen to it. I let my own words and feelings come back to me and think about all the people I’d hurt if I went through with it. I think about all the times that I’ve felt this way, stuck it out, and things get better. 


I never send it to anyone. Even though the suicide note is addressed to the world and many people in my life, they will never hear it. It’s mine. My thoughts. By the end of it, the drive to actually commit the act is lessened. 


When I was more suicidal in the past, there were times where I would do this every day because I was just in that much pain. Last night I did it for the first time in 4 months and I can’t tell you how much better I feel. 


I hope this works for someone. As much as I wished reaching out to friends worked, it just doesn’t. They never know what to say and usually it pushes people away. This gives you a way to feel your emotions without having to push them down to make it worse. Cheers.