I'm just a broken recordI don't have family near me and I live with my partner. It is tough being young without family support. My parents had cut off their family long before passing away so my sibling and I talk through text. But they have a family of their own.

I feel so very alone and guilty about my thoughts of dying. My partner has had enough of my depression and gets angry whenever I bring up wanting to die. They don't want to hear about it anymore.

"What's the point of us being together if you are always miserable? I can't make you happy and I offer an olive branch and you slap it down."

I told them that they wanted me to open up and I did and they didn't like that my response was still wanting to die. Very understandable. I get that. I also mentioned that my happiness shouldn't be reliant on them and that I should be finding my own and I have trouble doing that.

"It's not my fault that you are not happy with me. You keep dumping your issues on me and expect me to fix it."

Then, please stop asking me to open up. Please leave. Just leave me alone. I can't force myself to be happy just because they want me to be happy. 

Just let me die in peace. 

The worst is when I try and do what I think is right by keeping my emotions away from them and that makes them angry, too. 

"Why won't you talk to me?"

I open up.

"Why would you say that? This is fucking stupid. You're a broken record and it is hard to care about it when you are always suffering from the same things. Why take your emotions out on me?"

Then why. Why ask me to open up? Why fight with me when I'm already in a fight for my own life? I have to fight everyday and nothing works. Me being silent doesn't work, me leaving to get some air, hiding in my bedroom (we don't share a bed), or trying to reach out to my sibling.

Why be with me if my attempts consistently disappoint you and make you angry?

"I love you. That's why I am with you. I have nothing else to stay for."

Tldr: I want to kill myself more than normal and I'm letting my partner make myself feel worse instead of just pushing through like I usually do. I just feel weak and exhausted.