I have kidsI think it the only thing stopping me. I'm not even with them, they're on the other side of the world and I'm stuck here and they're over there and I miss them so much but everything sucks.

I'm just so useless. Everything I try to do fails. Nothing makes me happy anymore. My wife treats me like shit. Shes emotionally abusive, she doesn't even fucking realize it just just doesn't care, never thinks about what she says or how it might affect others. She was attracted to me because of my race but now that we've been together she doesn't really seem to like me at all any more. Shed be happier without me. Shed be happier with someone else.

I'm useless, I'm not a good provider. I have so little to give. I suck at everything. I'm not stupid I just cant stick with anything long enough to finish anything, to get good at anything. I spent so much time just consuming media that I have nothing. No skills no talents no abilities.  
Actually, i dont want to blame media, i never had anything going for me. It's not that I wasted anything, I just am a waste.

I read a post on r/depression that was like "it's a miracle you exist, the whole cosmos combined to make you and blah blah blah beauty in the world" but ffs that's ridiculous. Were a cosmic accident, not some grand creation. I can't see the beauty in the world anymore. I used to but I can't. I can't. 

Only my kids. I dont want to leave them, I dont want to make their lives worse. But maybe their lives would be better without me. I cant be the father they need.

I woke up this morning feeling good actually. I cleaned up my room. I felt like I was gonna so something, be productive. But then my wife texted me and I dont want to get into it but she fucking wrecked me. I'm out. I'm emotionally exhausted. She fucking destroyed me and she thought it was just a dumb joke.

I can't keep this up. I can't I can't...

If i could just tell myself years ago, as lay on the floor in my closet, crying my eyes out, wishing I was dead, if I could tell that version of me... I dunno. I dont want him to kill himself. But I feel the same way he does. I wish I was dead. I wish I was dead back then so I didnt create and thus ruin my children's lives.

I was hoping my phones battery would die before I finished writing this so I wouldn't post it, but it refuses, so fuck it.