Am trying so hard right now to not get in the car and drive into a nice hard piece of concrete.Been disabled for 12 years and still unable to get disability. Attorney has not responded since I restarted my case, it's a story too long to tell, where everything has gone wrong. I've has  a huge panic attack today, and I've been homeless for several years. Have a place to stay for right now, but don't really know how long it will last. No family. Lots of friends online. So afraid . just want it all to stop. Am so exhausted and worn out from all of this.

People keep telling me what to do and they don't freaking listen, because I have done EVERYTHING. There is no help available for people who are disabled but not on disability. I did EVERYTHING I could, had a nice house, normal life, investments, Long &amp; Short Term disability insurance (they can turn you down, too - all that money, wasted). I've worked and paid in since I was 11 years old, and now that I'm mostly bedridden and have lost everything, I can't get any help at all. I can't even think of this stuff. The last places that I've stayed (people that let me stay in a boondock camper on their property) have abused the hell out of me. I'm afraid to trust anyone any more. Mentally, physically and sexually abused my my stepfather as a child; subtract the sexual abuse and that was my mother. When I was first homeless I went back to her to be abused as an adult. I had nowhere else to go-when I lost my house and ran out of savings, my SO turned on me and threw me out. My mother was then 'nice' enough to let me live outdoors on her property. Forget indoors. Summers were excruciating, as were winters. 60-yard round trip to use the indoor bathroom. Most of the time, I couldn't make it. No running water, no fridge. I was an oops pregnancy, before abortion was legal. Yeah, she never wanted kids, and it was evident. Used me as a child as her servant. Told me to my face that she didn't want to be a carer, then evicted me after I became even more disabled. Then I ended up living on someone else's property who made me physically work for her until I would physically break down, and then berate me for being disabled, but I had no place left to go.

Now I'm in a wheelchair almost full time, and things never get better. I just want all this pain to end.

I've been told to get a new attorney. In order to do that, I have to go through a court process to break the contract I have with my current one. Talking to other people who have had disability attorneys. mine is doing shit-all for me.

I've been told that I need to see a Rheumatologist for the Fibro, or else I won't have any evidence to back up my case (but I have YEARS of records from when I actually had insurance, but nothing recently, because without the ACA, all I can get is charity care, and guess what? Rheumatologists don't SEE charity cases - especially people with Fibro. The soonest appointment I can get with anyone other than a GP is next November, and that's with an orthopedist - for all my spinal/joint/dislocation/rotator cuff things.

I'm in agony all the time. There are no more pain specialists -HA - the 'opioid crisis' has killed that type of therapy for chronic pain patients, and I haven't has any relief since 2015.

I'm tired of platitudes and "why don't you's", because I've DONE THEM ALL. Charities will not help, they are all un- or under-funded. Social Services will not help anyone that is disabled but not on disability. Shelters throw you out on the street at 7AM and expect you to look for work-most of the time, I can't move, much less sit up in my wheelchair for more than an hour or two at a time. 

There is not help for people like me. 

I'm so tired of fighting. The wait for new disability case (since I've had to start over) is over 550-600 days, and my attorney is not responding. I fought from 2009-2017 and lost my first case, mostly due to homelessness and not being able to see specialists. This case is going the same way. I don't see any way out.

Sorry for spitting all this mess out.

I just feel like I'm on the edge, and I really, really want to die now so I can rest.