Helping others, but not myself (also some advice for helping others)4 of my friends have come to me about depression and suicide in the past. Not for a particular reason beside that they trust me. All of which I’ve been able to help to different extents. I’m really am happy I was able to help them, and it gives me a sense of pride. But now I feel like I’m backed into a corner. I feel/don’t want to be vulnerable in front of them now. I usually can keep things inside and deal with them myself, and have gotten better. But recently it’s become everyday that I’m just depressed. I know I just need to reach out and say it directly but it’s so difficult after feeling like you needed to be peoples support. I don’t trust my parents enough to tell them either (I won’t get into that). 

I did tell a friend that “I’m just tired of life”. And they went, “yea that feeling sucks”. 

I want to say this, and this might just be me personally. I Don’t want you to tell me you understand this pain. Because when I tell you I have this pain inside and it’s giving me suicidal thoughts, and you say, yea It sucks having that feeling, it makes me feel like I’m dumb for having suicidal thoughts because of that. I know this might just be me or a select few of people .And I know I should just say it out right, I’m trying to build up my courage to do that. 

I want to also leave some advice for helping people dealing with suicide, and depression. from the little experiences I have 

First, people don’t need a reason to be depressed. A friend was very hesitant to reach out to me because she had very severe depression, and didn’t have a real root cause to the depression, and was living a good life. Don’t think you need a reason. Depression is a chemical in balance in the brain that can be caused by outside factors, as well as just randomly.

Secondly, don’t assume you know the pain. You might be able to empathize with someone’s feelings, but you never can truly understand how they’re feeling. They might be in a situation where you could handle it on your own with no problems. But for them it could feel like (or even be) the end for them. When consoling someone I don’t like to tell them I understand their pain, but rather it’s ok they feel that way. There pain is ok to have. And then go from there. Usually tell them they’re loved, wanted, and needed. 

Note: I do know some people want to be told someone else understands their pain. I’m just saying when someone comes to you, to immediately opt for the “I understand your pain”. 

Thank you for reading, to whomever wants to read a random teenagers rant