I feel like I've been kicked out of heaven twice.(As pretext, I fought hard for months to get this person back into my life, I could feel with every fiber of my being that she still cared about me, the world told me I was wrong and to give up. I listened to my gut and kept fighting, it was absolute hell everyday, often times I almost completely lost hope. Then one day she popped back into my life, she had forgiven me. I was back in heavenly bliss, I worked hard to make sure the relationship was great, every time I saw her)

One day the girl of my dreams, who I have been dating for awhile, and have been through a lot together, just stopped talking to me. I gave her some space, then reached out over steam, we played some games together and had a good time, lots of laughs and fun. Now back to no contact, I give her some space, then head over to her place after a week. She says she is dealing with traumatic stuff due to a court case about her being sexually assaulted. I told her I understand and would give her space, I just asked that she check in with me once or twice a week, she agreed. I sent her a little care package filled with stuff she liked, and a letter basically saying I support her, and to take her time getting better. Another week goes by, and she doesnt respond to the two texts i sent over the course of the week. I stop by again, I ask if there is some other reason she isnt speaking to me (lost interest, someone else, etc), and if there is she can and should tell me. She shakes her head no, that she just feels awful inside. We hang out that night, watch a good tv show and have some good laughs. I leave feeling hopeful. Another week of silence. I go to her place and she is clutching her guitar like a child with a security blanket. I ask her whats been wrong with her lately. She told me she wasn't sure if she could handle a relationship right now. I told her that was fine, and that I would wait weeks, months, or even a year if thats what it took for her to get better, I love this woman with every fiber of my being, and I will do anything for her. I wait a month, spend the time working on myself, I get into and make fast progress in rock climbing, I start guitar lessons back up, redesign my apartment, and get some new clothes to start dressing nicer. I go on some dates, just to keep myself from getting rusty, nothing serious or risque. I reach out to her, asking if she still wanted to collaborate on this song I've been working on for awhile that she showed interest in. Nothing, try again in a week, nothing. I ask her family about the court date, and they say they arent sure but will keep me in the loop! I take that as a good sign. I send her flowers and a letter saying that I want to be there for her when she eventually does need to speak up. I talk to her parents to make sure she got the flowers. "She did! They're gorgeous" the family member said. I took it as another good sign. I hear nothing from my beloved.  I text her family member asking if I can stop by to check on her. "She isnt here", so I ask if I can stop by while she is. "Youll have to ask her, shes been crazy busy with midterms lately" Here I am, texting her today to see if she wants to catch up, since we've both been going through a lot and growing. I am hiding from my phone again out of the fear I think will likely be realized. There will be no response. No matter how many times I was told that it was a matter of her dealing with her own personal issues, I realize more and more its actually her way of breaking up with me without actually doing so. Of leaving me without saying a word. The worst part is, I still care for her greatly. I seriously doubt I can find anyone that makes me as happy as she did, we clicked in every way you can in a relationship.

Why should I continue to live? I don't think I can ever find someone that will make me happier. I don't want to settle, that would not be fair to anyone involved. What is there to look forward to? "oh a gentle breeze, the sunset" thats nice and all, but I felt like I was in heaven with her, it was bliss. Yes, I still had problems, but I knew I could face anything with her by my side. Now I have to live life, hoping, by some miracle I find someone I like more, which is something I dont really believe to be possible. I fought so hard, I tried to make my living space better, I work out, I picked up a new hobby I really enjoy, I hang out with friends, I'm improving and creating with guitar, my grades and career have never been better. Yet I'm still fucking miserable, I wake up at least four times a night. I don't know what to do, I feel damned to live a mediocre life on Earth after having been to heaven, it feels wrong. Where is happiness when you've been kicked out of heaven twice?