What do you do when a doctor tells you that you ought to kill yourself?We were in need of a new family doctor, and so we went to one today.  He was especially upset about the fact that I smoke.

I explained to him that about 10 years ago, while in a suicidal depression, going through postpartum depression and while my mother was dying, I had tried numerous times to commit suicide, and that it was only because of my husband calling for the ambulances that I managed to be alive today.  Even at the time, when the psych would try to give me a pep talk of sorts, I would let him know that he hadn't done any favors for me by not letting me die.

Anyhow, today that new doctor was screaming at me (in front of my husband) that it would be better for everyone if I were to go ahead and kill myself, if I was going to keep smoking.

I can't quit, I've tried several times and I just can't quit.

I am thinking about taking his advice and just killing myself.  I explained to him that at this point in my life, I am not too different than a caged bird.  That I am not particularly mistreated, but that my life has no significance, and that everything that was dear to me has been taken from me.  That I just sit here and look out of the bars of my life, and am just passively waiting to die, as it is.

My poor husband.  I know he loves me, but he can't communicate with me, he never has been able to.  But he just sat there, and not once did he indicate that he felt the doctor said anything out of line.  So I take that as his acceptance of the doctor's diagnosis.  Now that we are home, he let me know that he was stressed, and he isn't going back to that doctor, but in the meantime...  well, I said "that's nice for you, but that still doesn't answer my questions, do you want me to get rid of the animals, or do you think you can deal with them from remotely - at work?"  I am thinking about just giving my animals away, a friend is boarding a bunch my horses, and I know he doesn't want to be stuck with them if anything happens to me.  

I know everyone is just going to say "just find a new doctor", but I've had a hell of a time trying to find a new doctor.  I've gone through 4 in the past year, and I am just not finding one that I like.  I've been looking at gross incompetence in the primary care physicians that I have seen (the specialists that I have seen have been stellar).

In the meantime, I feel cheated.  I had achieved death at least once before, and the combination of husband and doctors stole that from me.  I had reached that quiet and peaceful place where there was no pain, and they pulled me back away from it.  And for him to let the doctor go off on a rant at me, telling me that it was wrong for me to not die, and that I was inconveniencing everyone by not dying.  That suicide is the best thing I can do.

And hell.  As a smoker, and with the hostile attitude towards smokers in this day and age, if I were to get seriously ill, I can't even go into a hospital in this country.  It would make a lot of sense for me to die with the freedom of indulging in my one and only vice, as opposed to having these personal vice dictators charging my insurance hundreds of thousands of dollars, and not allowing me to be comfortable and happy.

I have an 11 year old, developmentally disabled boy.  I feel very badly for him.  I have two adult children who would manage just fine, but I feel badly for the youngest boy.  I sincerely hope that his future stepmother can treat him with kindness, since he is such a gentle child and misunderstood child.

Edit - I am feeling really badly, so I took a (1) sleeping pill, I am going to see if I can sleep some of this bad feeling off.  I will be back later, but I don't care to hurt as badly as I do.