Nobody has a clueI don’t even know where to begin, Life just feels so empty for me. I have so many things to be grateful for, but I feel so trapped in life. I have no escape but death. As I sit in my bed, silently weeping, after a night out with friends, I can’t stop thinking about the pain that haunts me. The only guy I’ve ever loved ghosted me and started heavily smoking marijuana. He’s become so depressed and dependent on weed to get through life it’s devastating. Having to see his face and pretend like o wasn’t affected by him kills me. Whenever I go out and ik I’ll see him, I get sick to my stomach. I think tonight I’ve truly realized that he doesnt care about me at all. No one cares about anyone but them self, really, in this cold cold world. 

Guys constantly ask to hook up and it’s discouraging. Nobody wants to get to know me, and those who know me find me unbearably annoying. Everything just feels to broken. The new year has brought me this horrifying revelation— nobody cares. The world runs on selfishness. Thinking about the pressure of the future gives me panic attacks and I can’t sleep at night. 

Everyday I lie to everyone. I lie to my oblivious family and friends. Nobody ever thinks it will be you. Nobody ever assumes that other people have struggles. Everyone is just so self-absorbed I can’t take it. I found this subreddit and I paused writing my note. I already have a plan and I’m leaving what little possessions I have to my friends and family. I pray every night for clarity, but things are spiraling down. I don’t see a purpose to life. It’s like my world has been iced over. I pretend I’m healthy, so I don’t blame them for not noticing. I feel like it truly wouldn’t make a difference if I was here or not. People would forget in like a week. People die. The world moves on. I struggle to find a purpose to living. I have yet to do so and I’m running out of time. 

 Ik this will get lost, but I ask for guidance. I feel like I have no choice but to resort to suicide. Idk how I can keep going on like this.