When is it too much?I am sorry if I am taking away from somebody on the brink of suicide tonight, I just feel like I need help. I am not going to kill myself tonight.I want to kill myself, but I do not want to leave my friends and family, they need me to live.  I can manage my pain today, so they dont have to feel the pain.  I don't want to die, but my problems out way my coping skills, and I can't live like I am living. I hate the life I am living.   I want somebody to stop me I want somebody to help me. I've told people I am suicidal because I want the attention I want the help, but I dont want them to worry so I lie and say I am talking to a professional who will help me. Why do i do that. That is dumb. I am scared I am going to kill myself in a dark moment before I have my it gets better moment. I am scared it is never going to get better because I am not actively trying to make it better. I dont know how to make it better, I am sorry this isnt linear thought. Thank you for listening. I need help. I have day dreams that float between (a suicidal method I will not share) and running into hospital doors and telling them I am suicidal. My family is all depressed and suicidal and come to me for help. Suicide has always been my family's go to for problem solving. Suicide is how I have been taught to cope. I don't want to die, but I'd rather die than live my life. I am scared. I feel I have to run away from my thoughts. Every morning I think this might be the day I do it. Every night I think I will tomorrow. The only thing currently protecting me is I keep telling myself there will be a point that is too much and that is when you can kill yourself or this is when you deserve help. I have to remind myself of how worse it could be. I feel like a wimp. I feel like I dont deserve help. I feel I am just looking for attention. I know this is not rational. I hurt, and my pain should be justified, but I haven't attempted suicide. I have only thought of it. I have a coping skill that is preventing me from killing myself, but when it gets too bad. It gets worse everyday. When the day comes when I can't talk myself out of it. I fear i will choose (my suicidal method) over going to the hospital. I fear I will never get to enjoy life. 