I think I've reached the end.I made a really poor decision and now I'm suffering from the consequences of that decision. I had an affair with a coworker (my boss) and shit hit the fan. We got caught and he basically deserted me. He ignored me when I tried to reach out to him and he avoided me at work. His girlfriend confronted me. She asked about the affair and she informed me that he had VD, what's worse is that she says he knew about this and told her about this a month prior to all this happening. This was four weeks ago. This past month has been hell for me. Work has been hell for me. For me the most painful part of this is that he acts like nothing happened. He avoided me, ignored me and blocked me from his life but at work acts like we are the best of pals. Last week he felt the need to tell me that he and the girlfriend weren't living together. And it's all I can think about. I want to confront him about the VD but I am terrified that will result in me losing my job. This affair and its aftermath has been the biggest cause of the guilt I feel. I am a slut and a homewrecker. I ruined a family and I regret every but of it. 

My home life is not that great either. I'm currently in school and I live with my mother and her husband. I don't like my mothers husband. He's inappropriate and he hits on me. For awhile I was just dealing with it, tolerating it because for the most part my mother seems happy. She had been single and alone for years and now she seems happy. I don't want to do that her, I don't want to ruin this for her. Her and her husband were separated for a good bit of last year. When I came home from university she told me that she was leaving him because they argued too much and she was no longer happy. We moved out. They did argue too much. I can attest to that. They argued all the time over the simplest of things. They got very violent with each other and the things they said to one another...are things people that love one another should never say. So she left him. Well after trying and trying and trying to win her back, my mother decided to take him back. And we moved back into the house they purchased together. I was a little awry of this and my fears became true. Soon as we moved back in the arguments started again. Only now they are worse. They don't bite their tongues anymore and they just say whatever comes to their mind at the moment. It's really heartbreaking to see. My mother and this man do not belong together. They are not compatible and he doesn't respect her because if he did he would not speak to me or of my body the way he does. He recently crossed the line. He was talking to me about my mother and how she never seems happy. But he says he will do anything for her, even be miserable if it means it gets to be with her. Then he says that if something were to happen that he would want to be with me. After saying this he proceeds to talk about me and my body in a very inappropriate way. I told him, repeatedly that I do not like this that him saying things like this to me was not okay. And he ignored me. He told me that it was okay because he's my daddy and daddies are allowed to do that. 

My mother has never been there me for emotionally. She's been here financially but emotionally, she's always been distant. I'm afraid to tell her about what has happened. Her husband says that she's jealous of me. And sometimes she's acts that way, so I believe it. I'm afraid she won't believe me and I that she may disown me. There have been times before where I went to my mother and I told her I needed her. That I needed her to be there for me to help me and she wouldn't. She ignored my cries for help. She rejected me. I love my mother. I resent her for some things that have happened in the past but I do love her. I feel like I will never be enough for her and for that I feel guilty. There are times where I truly wish she would've aborted me to save herself the disappointment. 

I am alone here. My closest and true friends both live in different states. I have no one to talk to. I have cried everyday and every night. I've lost my appetite and because of that I'm losing weight rapidly. I honestly don't remember the last time I ate. I cannot sleep. Even with the help of sleeping pills. Nothing works. Last night I took 16 sleeping pills and I was only able to sleep for two hours. When I woke up my head was pounding and I could not see. My vision was blurred. And the more I tried to focus the worse the headache got. 

My boss will not leave me alone. He goes out of his way to talk to me or to bother me and I want him stop. I've considered transferring but my company requires that you hold your current position for at least 6 months before transferring. And since I've just transferred to a new department, I don't meet that requirement. I cannot quit. Quitting is not an option. I recently bought a car and I have a car note and other bills that depend on this job. So I am literally stuck there. 

I am trying to hang in there. I am. I tell myself everyday that things have to get better. I tell myself that things are bad now because they are going to get better and improve in the future. Everything that I am going through is my fault. I know that. Everything could've been avoided had I made better decisions. Had I thought more clearly. The guilt of everything is weighing me down. The lying, the cheating, the hiding. Each day I get weaker and each day I think of a way to end it all. I've thought of many ways...I've actually planned out at least five.

I have considered therapy but I have no transportation at the moment. My mother will not help me get therapy. A psychiatrist told her years ago that I needed to be hospitalized and she refused to get me the help I needed. She told me to get over it and move on. So then I've been dealing with my mental issues on my own. 

I don't know what to do anymore. But I am tired of being sad and feeling guilty. I am tired of being alone and feeling alone. I've had nervous breakdown after nervous breakdown and I am falling apart. I don't think I can do this anymore.