Today is one of the most miserable day of my life, and one of the reasons is because I was being honest. I wish I was more of an asshole.So I had a pre employment test for a company yesterday, and whoever did well in it, was to be called for the virtual interview the same day. I gave the test, and got through. The scheduled time of my interview was clashing with one quiz that my professor had scheduled too. Now I obviously can't get the company to reschedule the interview, so I messaged my professor explaining her the situation and asking if I could take the quiz up later in the day. She seenzoned me. I tried calling her 5 times, she didn't pick up once. I thought maybe she's busy, and she would understand the situation and help me out later. 
I gave the interview and it went well actually, I was hopeful and kinda happy (first time since March, 2020 has been miserable for me on too many fronts, so this was a big deal).

Fast forward to today, I realise I haven't got the job offer because apparently somehow my resume reflects that I might opt for further education in the future!? Off to a great start. I decided to call the professor again because I hadn't heard from her. I call her and greet her saying 'good afternoon ma'am, hope u are doing well'. Her first sentence '...tell me what is your problem?'. I got shook by the rudeness of the tone for a sec. She then proceeded to say that I will not be able to take up the quiz now because 'I didn't attend it' when it was scheduled and 'I deserve this for not scheduling things in advance' (I srsly dunno what this means in this context,it was out of my hands) and now I'll be losing out on crucial credits. 
Later I find out one more guy in my class had the same situation yesterday....but since the quiz wasn't video proctored, he just gave his account credentials to a friend of his who logged in on his behalf and gave the quiz. 
I got tortured for being honest. I'm stupid. I shudve done the same. 

I have been applying for so many jobs, I am just not able to get a job. So many tests, so many interviews...not one conversion. I haven't met anyone I know face to face or spoken on call with any 'frnd' for over 3 months now. My depression and trauma is acting on a all time high level. I have lost all interest in my hobbies, lost my appetite, hopeless, lonely, and literally cruising through days. I have zero energy and literally just typing this was such a struggle.

The least I expected was for my professor to have some empathy and understanding, because I can't share my depression with anyone. But that first sentence...that itself killed me. I should have cheated! I'm useless. I don't know what I'll do. I honestly wish someone killed me and I died somehow. Fuck me, fuck everything! I hate everything.