I'm suppose to be happy.That is what they like to say isn't he. 

My mother suffered from the "malaise". That is what my grandparents called it. They had it too but they called it mountain madness. My great grandfather use to wander about the woods at night barefoot with his fiddle playing songs that'd make the rabbit shed tears. 

Hangings, drownings, moonshine, etc. There is a story about it being in iur blood. I remember an uncle willing himself to death one day. Just climbed into bed and said " I'm don't feel like
waking up" , and he didn't. 

My family says the sadness, the restlessness, is all in the blood. 

When I was eight I felt that first pang of emptiness. That first sign of the mountain madness even though we'd moved to town nearly a decade earlier. 

I once tried to drown myself in the pond out by the house. I was sure I could see my mother if I just stayed under long enough. I was three when she died. I wanted to know her. 


I was suppose to be happy with degree and the move to the big city. I was suppose to be happy with bills and an apartment and boyfriends and sex. It was all boring. 

I saw therapist but no one seemed to understand. 

I was suppose to be happy when he proposed. I was suppose to be happy when the baby came. I was suppose to even be happy when he left me because, my friend's said, I could start over. 

When the divorce was final I drifted. I was a mom but my heart was restless. I dates around when I didn't have the kid. I went to work as normal and put on dresses I thought men would like at night. 

I ate burgers in dive bars and sipped over priced cape cods in hotel quart yards while people ran their hands up my legs and I felt nothing. 

I tried to find peace in travel but beaches were boring and hotel disappointing. 

I tried cycling and hiking and canoeing( which I
loathed most of all).

I let men have sex with me because it is what happened inthe movies and books and on the  internet. Love and sex go together. You have to have one to have the other. You won't find love without sex, right? Your worth is in that.  I started grinding my teeth. 

I became fascinated with that moment right before you fall asleep. That moment when everything in your body relaxes. It was the only thing I valued in life. 

My grandfather died but I didn't go to his funeral. 

I had an abortion that year and then another because i kept getting sick from the pills. I lost it. I got sad for the first time ever really. I felt something and I became obsessed with that rage. I broke plates and kicked walls, all when the kid wasn't around. I bought things just to smash them and for the first time everything felt okay. I felt so much relief after. I dated a drummer around this time and it was the first time I ever remember having one enjoyable sexual experience. But he didn't like to be tied down and moved to Memphis. 

Then the hormones and the emotions faded and I felt nothing again. 

I went to work and I was a mother and I did all the things everyone expect of me. 

I got engaged again. He always touches me sexually, all
the time. He says this normal. I feel dirty but he is normal
and people say he is great. He says he loves me. 

I got to work and I am mother and now my coworkers are helping me
plan a wedding. 

I saw a therapist but I don't feel comfortable talking about
myself so I just talk about my kid. He is great. Loves his father but I am
Not sure what he thinks about me. He likes when we play and by toys and likes to sleep with fingers curled around my hair. 

I am a mother and I have a career and a house and all the things that they didn't have in the mountains and I still feel it. 

I feel empty. I am not even sad. 

I am about to get married and all I want to so is throw myself into the river. 



