I had a breakdown at work and I’m on the verge of doing something really badI had to leave work early today because I just had a complete breakdown. I could feel it coming...i knew it was coming because every little minor inconvenience would send me into a raging swirl of anger. Then eventually the anger turned into self hatred, the self hatred turned into just pure despair and suffering. I got to the point where I couldn’t hold back the tears anymore and I walked outside and just let it all out. I cried into my coworkers arms for a good couple minutes and told him I needed to go...thankfully he understood. I don’t know what sent me over the edge , but I know I can only fake a smile for so long before my true emotions work their way out. 

I just feel like I don’t know what I’m doing on this earth. I feel like I wasn’t meant to live this life because everything I’ve done up to this point has been mediocre at best. I was born into a decent family, and I have a roof over my head and food to eat and clean water. Some people don’t have those things but I do, yet I still feel completely dissatisfied and unloved. I know there are people who love me but I just can’t feel it. I also feel like I’m incapable of giving love to anyone, including myself . I just push people away even if they have good intentions. I don’t care that people care about me, I’d rather just not exist. I wanna stop feeling so fucking ugly and worthless ... I DONT WANNA DO THIS ANYMORE. 

I’ve been having a lot of bad dreams recently. So I can’t even escape my negative thoughts when I sleep. Sometimes I dream about going back to drugs to cover up my emotions. I used to use Xanax very heavily before it started causing serious problems for me. I was addicted for over a year, I haven’t touched them since June, but I still dream about taking handfuls of pills and how they would make me feel better. I stopped using them because they were fucking my life up, but even now after i quit life hasn’t changed for me despite my efforts. Maybe it’s just pointless for me to try anymore because nothing seems to make me feel better. Life for me has been nothing but heartbreak, disappointment, and suffering. Fuck this life and whoever/whatever put me in it. 


I don’t know how much longer I can put up with this before I do something really reckless . I’m really fed up at this point.