I've haven't been this hopeless in a long time. I wish I had something to hold on to again.I'm a 19 year old female. I've struggled with depression Since I was a kid. I tried to kill myself when I was 11, 12, and 15. After a long struggle, I finally thought I was okay. But now everything has gone to hell, and all I'm thinking of is how my life isn't even worth living anymore. 

When I turned 18 I was homeless. My uncle kicked me out because I wouldn't agree to be his slave and do his school work for college for him. My friend and her family took me in. They've been so good to me....it felt SO GOOD to pretend I was apart of a normal family. But I got too comfortable. I tricked myself into believing that the arrangement was forever but it's quickly coming to an end. I've over stayed my welcome. I'm not wanted anymore. 


I have until the end of April to move out and I'm so so scared. I'm terrified of being alone. I have so little money. I just want to be apart of a family. But I can never have that. 

I posted an ad on Craigslist tonight desperately asking if someone could rent me a room to me for under 200, and I would  clean and cook to earn the rest of my keep. A couple guys messaged me, and it's clear what they want me to do. They want sex in exchange for the room. And I have to do it. I have to give one of them my body if  I don't want to be homeless again. 

I feel so hopeless. This isn't what I wanted with my life. I want to be a teacher! I want to travel to South Korea and teach English! I want to see the world and help kids! But I can't even figure out how to get my shit in order to sign up for classes. 

I want to learn how to drive! I hate having to rely on others to get me where I need to go. But I'm so terrified of getting behind the wheel, I can't even bring myself to take the written exam for a learners permit. 

I'm pathetic. It's really true. And I don't want to be a pathetic waste of space. I don't want to burden the world anymore. I don't want to let these men touch my body. But what else is there? 

I want to punish myself for being so worthless. I want to end it all to atone for wasting everyone's time and effort. It feels like there's nothing worth living for anymore, every dream I've had that had kept me going just seem impossible now. 

What's the point of living if I can't live the life I've always dreamed of?  