I just don't know what to do anymoreI'm nineteen, go to college, and have a truly wonderful girlfriend. My world outside of her, though, is one full of darkness, dread, and loneliness, where the fabric of my life is slowly splitting at the seams. 

It all started when I was about fourteen. I had a group of friends my entire life with whom I was extremely close to. When we started high school, however, we started to drift. This, and an absolutely atrocious excuse for making new friends, caused me to be somewhat lonely during my early high school years. This is when I started to cut.

At home, things were much worse. My mother had recently married a man she had dated for a few years; little did we know, however, that he was extremely abusive. Though never hitting me, I witnessed him beating both my mother and my younger brother several times. After becoming estranged from my mother, who rationalized his behavior, i moved in with my father when I was fifteen.

Things started to get a little better, and I made a few good friends. These friends were heavily into the drug movement, and I followed happily along into it. I also met a girl who became my first girlfriend, and who I lost my virginity to. These new friends caused me to start doing horribly in school. I was constantly skipping school with them to go smoke weed and do nothing. 

Things ended up turning sour with the girlfriend, and this group essentially disowned me. My life started to get dramatically better, as my old friends and I began to once more become close. For about two years, I lived normally as any high school student. I had a few girlfriends, a group of friends, and was doing really well in school. Then, a rumor killed all of it.

A rumor was spread about my best friend's girlfriend and I, saying that she was cheating on him with me. This was not true, and I do not know where it originated; this did not, however, stop my best friend from dissociating with me. 

I slowly lost all of my other friends until, a few days ago, the one friend who I had thought would always be there, decided to no longer associate with me. I loved my friends more than myself, and would have taken a bullet for any one of them; they see me differently. Coupled with my father slowly making my home life unlivable, and not doing very well in college anymore, I don't know where I should go from here. Suicide seems like a better option every day, and though I am not currently considering it, I have attempted twice, one time resulting in a week long stay at a hospital. I feel like an attempt is inevitable, and though I have my girlfriend, I have nobody else to help quell these feelings. 

tl;dr: Lost roughly half a dozen extremely close (10+ years of friendship) friends, as well as disowned by mother, and horribly neglected by father, all causing me to do badly in college. What should I do?