I can't forgive myselfI can’t forgive myself. My whole life I’ve been taken care of, regardless of the situation, someone has always been there to pick up the slack I’ve left behind and there has been a lot of it. I have been able to coast through life, putting minimum effort into everything I do; knowing someone else will always do the rest for me. Eventually that turned into letting people do all of it for me, letting down the people who cared most about me in the world, abusing their love and their trust. I’d say whatever people wanted to hear just to extend the free ride I was on, I hated myself for this, I was depressed and it was just so damn easy to not do anything.  This is not something you can carry on forever, I think somewhere inside me I knew that, but given the choice between starting the hardest journey you’ve ever gone on, and continuing down the road I’ve been going down whole life, I chose the easiest route like I do with everything.


I guess the whole pattern started with my mother. She would let me bargain with her over pretty much anything, there was no rule I couldn't get around if I formulated a strong enough argument. My parents divorced when I was 5 years old and my mother was given custody. We moved frequently over my whole life, I think the longest I stayed in one place was 3 years while I lived with her. We originally bought a house about 4 hours away from where my father lived, but it soon became apparent that we needed to be closer to him, seeing him once every 2 weeks just wasn't enough. We ended up moving 3 times that year ending right back where we started 4 hours from my father. We lasted one more year in that town, I was 10 years old when my mother decided she wanted to teach her religion in china. We lived in china for 2 years, my mother taught English to support us and I ended up enrolled in a full Chinese school for the first year, I didn't speak a word of the language. I put in no effort to learn the language, I hated the fact that I had been brought away from my friends to live there and I was determined to make the worst of it. When I returned from china I had learned almost none of the language, if I had put the effort in I probably could have been fluent. What a waste, that's all I can think of looking back on basically every stage of my life. 


When I returned from China I had changed significantly, before going I was very outgoing and confident, when I returned I was shy and wouldn't stick up for myself. I'm not sure what made me change, I've tried to pinpoint it for a while but I can never come up with anything. Regardless I still had good friends from when I had lived in this town before, so the first 2 years of high school were alright. In school I never put any effort in, I can't remember doing any homework and always got by doing the minimum. My teachers liked me, I was nice and polite, not your typical struggling student. We moved more times before I completed high school, but it's getting tiresome writing about it. In grade 10 my parents wondered why my grades were so bad, so they decided to get my IQ tested. I was diagnosed with something called non-verbal learning disorder, this basically means I have a huge difference between my verbal IQ and my Performance IQ. In my case I have a gifted verbal IQ and a below average Performance IQ, apparently differences of that size are extremely rare. They blamed this for my poor grades and lack of effort, because I can articulate thoughts and ideas in my head very easily but translating them to the real world is very difficult for me.
 

Anyway I moved one last time, this time to live in the same town as my girlfriend at the time. Stupid, I know, but when your 16 it can seem pretty important. I lived with a family that took in foreign exchange students and my dad paid my rent there. Of course within the first few months of living there my all important relationship fell apart. In grade 12 I ended up dating an amazing girl, she was christian and had been bullied as a child so she had low self esteem and wasn't very used to male attention. We dated a full year before we had sex, she picked her grad night, I don't think I've ever had a more emotionally charged experience than that. We continued dating, I got a crappy job working at a call center instead of going to college, I just couldn't even imagine my self going back to school at that point. It turns out though, my ability to slack wasn't only limited to school, I eventually stopped going to work and ended up getting fired. I tried going to college twice after that dropped out both times, I just couldn't apply myself, I would let absolutely any tiny excuse get in the way of me attending class or doing homework. I started working at a convenience store and didn't mind it for a while, I still slacked off though and ended up hating it and quitting. I was still with my girlfriend all this time, we had probably been together 4 years at this point, she was in her 3rd year of university and I was doing nothing. 


I wanted badly to make a change, I tried going to china and teaching English while staying with my mother (yeah she lives there now). I did alright but again, I just can't bring myself to put the effort in, I don't know why I just cannot bring myself to do it, no matter how hard I try. Video games were my most convenient escape, it didn't help that they were often a social connection between me and my friends, though it took me a long time to admit it, I was addicted to them and the escape from reality they provided. I made a little bit of money in china, a lot of it was working with my mother at the school she taught at, it was the easiest way to get work. I just didn't have the drive to go out and apply at the schools looking for people. That night I got back from china my girlfriend had brought me my meal at the airport and rented us a hotel for the night. I told her I was thinking about going back to china, a friend of my mothers had offered me a good work opportunity there. She didn't want to go another 3 months without seeing me, she put her school on hold and went back to china with me, where I ended up achieving nothing. She worked her ass off teaching English, something she hated, just for us to be able to afford the flights home. 


Still after all that she didn't hate me, she did her best to support and motivate me.
We moved in together, during her last semester of university and I went back to school. I didn't drop out this time, but still put in almost no effort. I did well in a few classes, failed one, and was average in the others. She graduated with a degree in animal biology with amazing grades and was on the deans list every year, she got a job working as an assay technician while she applied for veterinary school. I just sat at home for almost a full year rarely going out, sometimes even ignoring her, I had become her dependent rather than her partner. She didn't get into vet school her first attempt, it's very competitive here in Canada and almost no one gets in their first year applying. So she continued to work and I continued to do nothing, I refused to go out and visit her work friends with her, to this day most have never even met me. I just didn't want to do anything, my self esteem was shot, and getting a job seemed impossible. I knew I was alienating the one person I cared about, I couldn't change though no matter how much I fought myself, I would always lose. She literally did everything alone, worked, cooked, and cleaned. She went out with her friends alone, sometimes begging me to come with her, I very rarely did though. This carried on for about a year, we moved to a new apartment and she went to a friends wedding for a few days. When she came back she was very distant, I asked what was wrong and she said "you don't want to know" I asked if she was breaking up with me, and she just fell crying into my arms and nodded. I couldn't even cry, I just kept telling her how sorry I was for everything.


It really hadn't hit me yet, I moved out and started living with a friend. I can't forgive myself for what I did to the one thing I truly cared about in this world. Nothing makes me happy, it's been a month since we broke up and friends I've known since I was a teenager just seem stupid to me now, flaws I used to overlook in them are so obvious to me now I don't even want to hang out with them. This is all on top of that I was depressed before anyway, I considered suicide while we were together, but not seriously like I am now. I couldn't have done that to her, I know it would hurt her and my parents and probably my friends if I did it now, I don't think I should value their feelings over my own on the situation though. If there's one thing I know, people loving you isn't enough to get out of depression. I don't see my life going uphill from here and I don't want to live if I'm going to feel this way forever.  I hate myself and what I've wasted, all my opportunities, my relationships and my time. Even after losing all this, I still don't feel like I can make a change, I feel hopeless. The one thing that even gives me a little motivation is one day trying to make it up to my ex, showing her how I've changed, but then I think about how I don't even deserve that opportunity, I put her through hell because I couldn't even conjure up a little effort to help her. 


This ended up being longer than I intended and reading over it I probably could have cut a few paragraphs out and still got the basic idea across, but whatever it's here now and you can read it or not.