Completely LostWhere to start. So I'm 24 and my life's in a complete rut in every way. I graduated from college in 2015 with great grades but can't seem to find a job no matter the skill level or experience required. Basic jobs claim I'm overqualified and the jobs I want claim I'm underqualified even if its an entry level position. I studied a pointless major I never should have picked but I thought it would get me a job I liked whereas my brothers seemed miserable in their lines of work. But hey at least I have a mound of crippling student loan debt! I keep seeing other people I know who are able to easily succeed or get what they set out for which just makes me wonder if I'm broken or cursed or something. While in school I did find out that I have a knack for photography and videography which I've tried to pursue but to no avail. Been completely broke and living at home in an extremely dysfunctional household since college. Not even gonna talk about the "relationships" aspect of my life, I generally do nothing and barely talk to anyone on a daily basis even tho I was relatively social before this (even if it was by using the "face/mask" that I created). I've kinda always had an empty feeling inside (horrible childhood caused by constantly being picked on both at school and at home. Escalated to really really bad stuff I'd rather not get into right now) but in high school learned how to mask and ignore it so that other people wouldn't think I was weird/a downer (not that that's healthy). Mainly use humor/sarcasm to hide what I really feel. Pretty impossible to do now with nothing to occupy my mind which has just led me to believing that I'm a screwup who's completely useless and deserves to be where I am. Friends are clearly starting to want to hangout with me less/distance themselves now that I can't contain it as well. Served as their "therapist" for years as they claimed I was the most level headed person they knew and that I gave the best advice (ironic, no? like I said, I got good at masking) yet when I finally crack they don't like it. I never forget mistakes I've made no matter how hard I try. Tried suicide once before I even got to high school (never told anyone about that) and never thought I'd be in that state of mind again but I'm there. I guess its probably pretty obvious to assume from all of this but I've never really felt like I belonged anywhere. I have no idea what to do. Lost any desire or drive that I once had for life (even if it wasn't much to start with). Never posted on reddit or done anything like this before but had the thought today that I really wouldn't mind dying so realized I need help. So anyway, this is all new to me, whatever you got reddit. Go for it