I can't do itI can't do it anymore. I can't be with people and I can't be alone. I have no friends, kissless virgin at 21. I've been bullied BRUTALLY by classmates and teachers and colleagues and bosses since I was eleven years old. I'm HF autistic, verbal, but by god I may as well not be. I haven't had a real friend in a decade, it's been a fucking DECADE since I've felt like a normal person, half of my life. I don't feel human. I know it's ridiculous but I just feel like I'm not a HUMAN BEING. I'm treated like nothing but an animal and I'm starting to feel like I'm not better than one. I build relationship for MONTHS with people online and as soon as we meet in real life, it's all over. I can't interact with people. I was part of a karate dojo for a year and a half and they were the first people in so long I genuinely considered friends and then one day when the owner's wife said she didn't like me EVERYONE. Turned on me. So fucking fast. And I was never allowed in again. Everyone got rid of me on facebook the second it happened. I never even got a reason why. What happened, you ask? I moved out to live on my own for a couple of months. I told the owner this and he said it would be best that I never come back. Why? I don't know. He blocked me on facebook right afterwards. No one would tell me what I had done. I can spend over a fucking year building relationships with people and lose them in a day. Over NOTHING.

"Talk to people" "Go outside" "Make the first move" "Find hobbies" "Ask people about themselves" "Smile" "Believe in yourself.

The same crap day in day out. I've done everything I could possibly do with more people than I can count and nothing has ever come of it. I'm completely alone. I can't tell my mother because she's close to a mental breakdown as it is. I can't tell my father because he's an abusive alcohol shithead who cares about no one but himself. I can't tell my little sister because she already sees me as a complete failure. I have no friends to talk to. I can't get therapy. I've tried so many medications. And you know what the worst part is? The worst part is that I'm always getting better.

I've changed so much, from an autistic, overweight mute with bad skin who didn't even brush her hair to a completely unrecognisable person. I've learned to talk, act, even think like a real person. I live on my own I live completely clean I'm kind to everyone even the ones who treat me like garbage I go out every day I wake up at the same time every morning I eat healthy I excercise I talk to people every day. And you know what? None of it has made a difference. None of it. I'm still in the exact same place I would be if I had stayed that pitiful runt I was at aged 11, when my parents thought I'd have to live in care. None of it has mattered. None of the pain and the suffering and the bravery and the determination I put in to become a better person has mattered in the slightest. So why do I bother? Why do I push myself like this? NOTHING. I. DO. MATTERS. No one wants to be around me. No one treats me like I'm real. I'm still alone. I always will be.