AloneI tend to work best alone.im a 19 year old girl, and I've been bouncing between different households within my family, all in different states for the past year. My moms fiance is very wishy washy and everytime he leaves, i get blamed and kicked out. I havent had to sleep on the street so far due to the kindness of others. After about a month, everyone I stay with seems to want me gone. I don't talk much, and I kind my own business. When im not mentally battling with myself, im a very cheerful person so when i'm not smiling its taken as a personal attack by others although thats not my intention. My family and friends are very social and loud so I'm a stark contrast to them. I've been suicidal since I found out that was an option as a child, and stopped fearing hell. I have a boyfriend who loves me, but I don't tell him my problems anymore. My problems are nothing tangible, or anything within his power. Just my feelings. I don't usually like talking about my feelings because it just pushes people away. I feel like I'm alone even when I'm with others, and I know I'm mentally in a bad place right now. I'm feeling very down. I have extremely intrusive thoughts constantly. I'm not medicated for my depression because it makes me tired, and I'm already an incredibly tired person. I was more active when I was younger so, nowadays I'm called lazy and yelled at for not being active, even if it doesn't affect anyone. I sometimes pray I don't wake up, because it would be easier. No one to prove anything to, no one to think about, no need to feel anything. It's funny thinking these things, when we are all tiny specs in this grand universe. If I did kill myself, it would be very irrelevant in the grand scheme of things. My family will say they missed me, although they can only be around me for weeks at a time. My "friends" will be sad for about 5 minutes before forgetting about me, since I'm usually the one to check up on them and I'm a pretty irrevelant person. My boyfriend would definitely be upset, but he's a perfect guy, and won't have trouble finding someone else who appreciates him as much as I do. I would definitely leave everyone a note telling them it wasn't their fault and it was my own decision. I'm very numb at the moment, but calm. I'm mainly just writing this for myself as a way to rant. I would speak in more detail but I physically don't have the energy. For anyone who actually got all the way to the end, thanks for reading.