Merry fucking christmasUnemployed. Two felonies. Social pariah. Awkward. Burden. Cliche. I already know what you all will say. 

Mental illness. Bipolar. It's midnight and that means it's christmas day.

I walked in on her cheating on me in october. She was living in my condo my parents bought me because I'm incapable of holding a job be a use i have 4 days a week doing court ordered treatment. I let her stay there while I was in a halfway house for a year and literally the ONLY DAY I SNUCK OUT towards the end of my stay there....shes wasted with some cheesy fuck wearing skintight capris with her pants off. I almost killed him

After a month apart we start talking


She's still seeing another guy, but im hopelessly in love, addicted. She took the place of drugs in my life. I placed her on the mental throne of perfection and stared at it while the building around me collapsed. 

We start to go on a few dates

She shows up at all hours of the night, even gives me her cat to take care of

She invites me over on Monday at 1am

Tells me she wants to give eachother 1 present. So i get her yoga classes and a new mat

Then I don't hear from her until today 4 days later

She calls me we talk, i mention going over to my parents for fondu, a christmas tradition. She cries out of nowhere and hangs up.

I let her back in my life because I'm worthless,weak and broken. Without dignity, self esteem pride. Desperate. I knew she would just hurt me again. I knew it was going to end in more pain. Everything I do see or say reminds me of her. I can't escape. I am trapped. I can't get out. My life is a shitstorm of jail cells and violence. And failure. I had one good thing, and it was her. And i lost it. Because of who i am. 

I want to let my blood out in a bathtub. My note would say, "freedom, for me, from me". 

Everything I do i think of how i could kill myself. When I go outside i see busses, hear trains, cars, ledges, sharp objects. Pills. Everything I do. I cannot escape myself because apparently, i want to die. 