No reason to live anymore.I'm pretty sure I've made up my mind to off myself tomorrow, so call this an exercise in morbid curiosity.  Just want to know what kinds of things people will say to me.

If you're still reading, well, let me tell you a little about myself.  I'm 26 years old.  I've dealt with depression for about 6 years, and I've seen counselors for about 2 of those years.  Taken a few pills in the past, but the only real difference I noticed from them is my penis didn't work anymore, and that sure didn't help things.  I'll go through mini stages of life where I seem to be content (notice word choice here) with things, but then within a few weeks I'll be back on the internet doing research on the most painless way to kill myself.

I think my motivation to be done really stems from the fact that I'm too lazy to keep working in order to keep myself alive.  I just hate going to work every day.  None of this money is bringing me any happiness; I can't think of any possible way to spend any of it that would make me happy.  I don't find any sense of fulfillment in my job; I've had to quit jobs countless times because I've always felt that in one way or another they were screwing their customers over.  Couldn't stomach that shit at all.  I can't think of a job in this whole world that I would enjoy doing.  I went back to college a year ago but I just failed every single class I took over those two semesters (sorry US taxpayers, you did indeed foot the bill for that.)  There's nothing that I want to do with my life.  I have no idea for any goals; absolutely nothing intrigues me enough that I could imagine myself not being miserable about having to do it for any length of time.

I don't have any people who are important to me in my life.  I've grown very distant from my family.  I know my parents still care about me, but living just for that essentially makes me a slave to their emotions and that's not even close to being a healthy reason for anyone to live.  I expect someone will say that it's selfish to kill yourself because of the emotional harm you cause the people that care about you, but the thing that's TRULY selfish is basing your happiness on the choices of another person.  Any emotional distress they might experience from my death is due to their own selfish desires that I work to pursue my life for their own happiness.  I have a few friends, but we're not close.  I'm sure when I turn up dead they'll just think "Wow.  He actually did it.  Ok then."  Which is fine by me.

So, I do have some money that will help to pay for my funeral (not that it matters, my parents can easily afford it, but it's a nice gesture I guess.)  I will make sure all my financial contracts (phone bill, tax returns) are in order beforehand.  I'm trying to make this transition as easy as possible for everyone.  I'm not going to tell anyone close to me; last time that just put me in the hospital where I simply lied my way out of there.  It's not hard to give the answers you know people want to hear.

Wow you read this far?  That's pretty cool.  I've done my part to try and cover my understanding of the main reasons people will give somebody to not go through with it, so let's see what you've got!