I'm very happy and stable in life right now. But if things go south, I have a very elaborate plan in place. And it's death.I've been very lucky in life so far. I went from being abused for years as a child to attending a top research university on full scholarship, published research, interned at top companies, started college young, you name it. Unfortunately, while I've always dealt with anxiety (diagnosed with OCD comorbid with anxiety at 16 after my mom caught me in the act doing my eating disorder rituals and got me help), but last summer, despite things going pretty well, I developed some pretty bad depression. I was hospitalized, started going to weekly therapy and taking medication, and was okay for awhile. But it's back. 

Here's the thing: I need to maintain a certain gpa for my full ride scholarship. And I'm having trouble. I've always been an okay student, but my mind just isn't working anymore. I can't function. I don't want to just blame depression, so many losers use that as a cop-out, and I don't want to be a loser. But I am. 

I have a pretty wide margin that I can achieve with my grades and keep my scholarship, but if I don't... well, it's not like I can afford to finish my degree, and I don't want to work in fast food or as a janitor for the rest of my life. I don't even have a car. So I'm going to kill myself. Believe me, I really don't want it to come to this. But if it does, I have the right combination of pills and other things that will help me go down easy. I'm pretty well educated on these things due to my field of study, so I should be good in terms of pain and speed. And it should be clean. 

I feel the most bad for my family, but I know that no matter what, I would let them down. So it doesn't really matter if I live or die after that anyway. 

Just wanted to talk about this. I know it's fucked up. I'm fucked up. I know I am. But despite that, I've achieved a lot so far. But when it comes to academics, I can't. I'm not a good student. I'm a good scientist, but if my stupid fucking brain won't let me be a scientist, it can go to sleep. 