I'm going to commit suicide tonight, feel as if it's the only optionI'm 15 years old and have been feeling suicidal for a while now. Every night I cry myself to sleep wishing I would not wake up. I am a failure. I keep fucking everything in my life up. My school grades are terrible, despite me being rather intelligent. I could so easily have done well, if I bothered. I am too lazy and no longer care about my future. I know I should but I just don't. Now, I have no good future.

I am also quite fucked up in the head. I do not care about my family, not at all. This is even though they are good to me and seem to love me. The only person I care about is my ex-girlfriend. I love her with all my heart and soul, more than anything else possible. I treated her like a princess, the best I could. Then she left me, as she still loved her scumbag ex, who beat her and abused her and always and still was treating her like shit. Lets give her a fake name, say Bertha. Me and Bertha were still good friends after this. She soon started loving me again and I thought we could get back together. I missed that opportunity. I failed. She lost the feelings, but we stayed friends. Today, we went to a mutual friend's house today and I playfully annoyed her, and she tossed a shoe at me, and we laughed it all off. Later, when she had to leave, she asked for the shoe back. I jokingly threw it at her, not meaning to hurt her or upset her, and she seemed fine with it at the time. I messaged her a few hours later, only to get no reply, but I could see she had read it. Ages later, she replied, was hostile towards me. I asked if she was okay and she replied saying no because I threw a shoe at her. I said I was sorry and I was. Bertha replied "Shuv ur sorry up your ass". Now the one person in the world who I care about hates me. I fucked up yet again.

I was going to commit suicide before, and I was so close and really wanted it. This was because I could hardly take the pain of losing her, not having her my gf anymore. Every night when I go to sleep, I regret not killing myself. Now I have being a fucked up failure on top of that. I spend half the day thinking about suicide, pondering whether or not I should do it. Every time I reach the conclusion that I should. I can barely get any sleep and can't take it anymore. The longer I live, the more I will fuck up, trust me.

I don't even have anyone that I can talk to, I'm in all this alone and have to live hiding the pain