I turned 25 at midnight.Today’s my birthday, I’m 25 today. I recently started dating the most incredible person I’ve ever met in my life. But there is a screw loose in my head. For the last 6 months I have been dangerously self destructive . This is actually the first thing I haven’t completely ruined with my actions. I really don’t know what it is about me, No matter what I feel empty in life. I’m noticing my personality changing , I’m becoming more aggressive whereas I used to be more passive with people and would try to diffuse people when they get upset or get an attitude. You see, I’m a bartender, and lately I don’t care about any customers feelings, if someone is rude I will be rude, and my specialty is belittling people when they feel entitled to things. But I see this destructive behavior coming to the forte front all the time . I was in a car accident a few months ago, I was drunk that night , well I guess morning. I use drinking as a happy pill, and no I’m not an alcoholic , this is the first stint in my life where I’ve been so desperate for sleep that I started drinking to get a slight buzz to feel tired. But on that night, I seen a car, but something flashed in my head, and I sped up to purposely hit the object. I hoped it would just be over , but it wasn’t. It just created a whole new set of problems. I’m scared that I don’t care about anything anymore , I find myself fantasizing about death. The sweet release of the worry I feel drifting away along with my negative thoughts about myself that tell me I’m unlovable , unteachable, and unreachable . I think I’m too far gone, I think I just let go at some point and have been trying my hardest to see it all end. I’ve become a useless human being, In so many ways. I’ve stopped taking care of my body, my personal space is messy, I never used to be like this. I dont even know what happened , but the last 2-3 years have taken such a toll on my mind that I can’t ever sleep for more than 2 hours. My mind is destroying itself, and my body. I think that I’m just to the point where one more bad thing will thrust me over the edge and I’ll finally just grab that extension cord and walk off into the woods looking for the perfect tree like I’m a lumberjack.