I'm gonna kill myself tonightHi. I'm a 16 year old girl and i'm gonna kill myself tonight. 
I have aspergers syndome and borderline personality disorder. I'm very aggressive and when I get angry at my parents I assault them. I punch them and other dangerous things. I'm not normal. I can't control myself, and to be honest I don't know how my parents are still alive. I love them very much, but i'm sick and dangerous.
I'm the reason my parents are depressed and alcoholic. I'm the reason my dad doesn't wanna live anymore. If I died they would finally be free.
I hate my friends. They always tell me how ugly and annoying I am, (which is true, but still). I'm the outcast in my group of friends and I feel so alone. I hate them so much that sometimes I used to bring a knife to school so I could kill them if I wanted to. I would never be able to kill another human being, but that's how I felt at the time. I've always been the outcast, wherever I go. I really don't understand why. I dress like all the other girls and i'm pretty normal on the outside. I'm good at imitating normal people, so I don't understand why i'm always the weird one. I hate myself so much.

Some months ago, I actually started talking to a boy. He had been my crush for a very long time and I decided to actually talk to him. We started talking everyday and everynight. We had deep conversations in the middle of the night, and I started to fall in love with him. I had always thought i'd be single for the rest of my life, so this felt like a miracle to me. I know it may sound ridicolous, but I started to feel hope. I was so happy. But of course, three days ago he stopped responding. I feel so fucking miserable. I know it sounds like a very small problem, but when your life is already falling apart small things can destroy everything. 

I don't wanna live anymore. I'm sick and dangerous and my life is falling apart. I had so many dreams in my life. I wanted to move to Australia, become a criminologist, start a family. But fuck it. I'm an awful human being and I would do everyone a favor if I killed myself. So that's what i'm gonna do tonight. 

I don't know if what I just wrote makes any sense, but I just wanted to let my thoughts out. I wish you all a good life. God bless you. Goodbye.