Something's Different This TimeI've battled suicide ideation since I was 9, I'm 36 now.  I hate myself so much that I hit my face, as hard as I can.  I live alone and have no friends.  I used to, when I was younger, but my anger flared up eventually and I've lost them all.  I can't call the suicide hotline. I did last night and had to talk him out of a welfare check.  Last time the police came 5 of them surrounded me, put me in the back of a cop car in front of my daughter and took me to the hospital where I was then released in an hour.  The cop followed me to the bathroom and wouldn't leave the hospital, it really felt like he was waiting for a chance to arrest me. 

My 21 year old cousin was shot and killed by police in front of his grandma a couple years ago.  He too had mental illness and was in an episode and not armed.  I am TERRIFIED of the police. 

My mom just immediately takes me to the hospital, which is no help.  They call the DMHP. I've met about a dozen of them and they're scary, too. One had the 72 hour put on me and I was escorted by armed guards on a commercial flight to anchorage in front of all the other passengers.  It was mortifying and I would have happily went.  The DMHP was cold and mean and put in my chart that I constantly berate my daughter, which is one bad thing I don't do.  He never spoke to me about my daughter and I think was just pissed I couldn't talk to him, thinking it was a choice. 

The hotline asked if I had tried to get help from the two behavioral centers where I live.  I had to tell him that one of them assigned a male therapist going through a divorce that tried to have sex with me.  I tried reporting him to his facility before he got really bad and they told me to give him a compliment sandwich.  So I reported him to the other facility and now they won't see me.  

I've been traveling 12 hours a week to Seattle for DBT and it seemed to be working but I also hadn't been spending time around people.  A couple weeks ago I saw my sister for the weekend and ruined everything.  I just kept thinking how horrible I am around others.  People look at me strange when I try to have conversations.  I cried at a restaurant, at the Saturday Market and during our hike.  It was ridiculous.  

Then last week my daughter's dad told me his fiance turned down a job where I live because of how I treat them. I drive 8 hours a week to have my daughter on the weekends. I paid for his fiance and him to go to my daughter's birthday party ($65) which I paid for,  I gave them $300 last year in addition to my child support I pay, I added him and her kids to my science center membership so they can use it, too, I let them use my passes for the water park,  I gave them 100 worth of fireworks bc I was too scared to go outside after dark and light them. So I must just be awful if after all that, I am still so horrible that they would turn down the job where it's his dream to live, according to him.  

Every night I have dreams/nightmares that I'm not wanted, not liked, wanted gone.  In the last one I was at my grandparents. Grandma made breakfast for everyone and when I went to grab a plate she took it from me and saI'd there wasn't enough for me.  Sounds silly I guess.  

I'm not emotional or sad this time. I've accepted that some people are mistakes and I'm one of them. I don't belong. I never have.  My parents hated me everyday, too. 

The problem can't be everybody else.  It has to be me. 
