Lack of trustI've recently come to a pretty unsettling epiphany that I could very well convince myself that things could be okay and that whatever pain and anguish I'm in can be overcome if only I had the capacity to reach out and ask for help and perhaps have my life back for myself. 

The problem is, I have absolutely zero trust or confidence in others. For years I've seen my lens get painted black so many times over that it has dissolved virtually all my friendships, and has even driven a self imposed wedge between my family and I. Even in my most shy and guarded of times, I used to be able to give at least a small bubble of courtesy, a benefit of the doubt, good faith that a human encounter won't be negative or exploitive. But as time has gone on, as love, kinship and friendship alike dissolve, and the world falls apart to greed, malice, disease and sheer ineptitude, I can no longer give this.

I'm on my own, and as my misanthropy and disgust of this world grows, so does that poison crawl inward. I hate that I'm so weak willed and defeatist. I hate that I can't remember the kind of person I used to be. I hate my incapacity to reconcile with lost friends and the family I've turned my back on. I hate how exhausting and severe my anhedonia has become. I hate how negative and destructive my mindset always is. It will destroy me too eventually. I just know it.

Even as I help foster a coworker friend that's lost her home from an abusive relationship and an eviction, even in doing this one thing that's just and right, I feel like a stranger in my own home. I feel unappreciated and unwelcome.

Even with my sweet cat that I love more than anyone else in this whole world that affectionately depends deeply on me, it may not be enough.

I live now only under obligation. Obligation to work and keep these wheels turning, even though it drains my body, mind and soul simultaneously every day. Obligation to help those that depend on me. The only thing I can find any comfort in now is sleep... Hopefully, in the right time, that can be everlasting.