Next Saturday I’ll hopefully be deadI’m not sure what to say other than fuck everyone that I asked for help who did nothing when I physically couldn’t. I begged for help because I couldn’t get help myself. Fuck most of my fake family who likes to act like they are so high and mighty, who likes to ignore me until they need something. Thinking that I’m lazy and I don’t give a shit about anything when it’s actually the exact fucking opposite. Even with a doctor talking to you about mental health you guys didn’t get it. You pretended to. Saying you’re there for me but as soon as we were back home it was right back to being ignored. Being left out. I don’t know what I did to be treated like this? What did I do that was so wrong? 

I want to thank my friends for being the only family I ever had. I love you. I’m sorry, I know I’ve treated you guys like shit these past couple months and acted like I didn’t care. I’m sorry I let my pain take over. I just hope you don’t hate me but it’s honestly okay if you do. Nobody can’t hate me more than I do myself. I love you guys so fucking much. Thank you for the past 3 years together. Through all our ups and downs. Thank you. I love you. 

I’m sorry Dad. You were the only one that really cared in this fucking family. the only one who actually did anything. Don’t let any of my siblings make you feel like shit anymore. Don’t let them talk bad about you anymore. I love you.

I’m sorry to my nephews. I’ve never liked children but you three were always the exception. I wish I could’ve been around more, but it wasn’t up to me. Stay strong. I know you guys are going to grow up to become some really good men. I know it. Don’t let your parents force you to do anything you don’t want to. Don’t let them try to mold you into something you’re not. Stick up for yourselves and each other. Don’t be afraid to be yourself ever. I love you. 

Lastly, I’m sorry to myself. I’m sorry I gave you false hope. I’m sorry you feel so much hurt and I’m sorry I don’t love you as I should. But I’m also thankful for you being you through everything. For knowing what you want even if it’ll hurt you later. You were always honest to yourself no matter how painful. You’ve been planning this for a month. And you’ve never felt more at ease in your life. You’re supposed to turn 21 in September but you’ve always known you wouldn’t make it that far. In some weird way it’s comforting. There so much I want to say but I don’t even know how to say it. I just hope I find peace. 

If i don’t give an update a 5 days after the 14th then I was finally successful. 