Talked to my mom about suicidal thoughts &amp; a lot of remblingIt's not the first time I've told a parent about my decreasing will to live and my suicidal thoughts actually.

The first time was two years ago when I told my parents I want to die multiple times and my dad said i needed to "shut the fuck up" because I was being "annoying as hell". The next time was last year, I don't remember what we were talking about but I told them I want to kill myself. My father threatened to kick me if I said it again. He and my little brother always make suicidal jokes, but the moment I'm serious about anything he threatens me. (note, I've never been physically abused, just spankings and the wooden spoon to my hand. As a child my mom threatened me a lot and had bad anger issues due to the amount of medication she was taking). 

I told my mom via text messages that I didn't have the energy to go to school and I told her how much I hated living and how hard just waking up for me is and how much worse school made everything. She told me it was because I stayed up late watching youtube. I explained to her that I wasn't only tired physically but also mentally. She told me over the summer I could sleep as much as I want, but I'm not going to get anywhere in life by sleeping all the time (she highkey criticised me for sleeping too much and sleeping too little in the same damn breath lol). I told her that I couldn't handle living anymore, she told me "Don't be that way" and that all of my classmates and peers do it everyday, so I should just suck it up. 

I'm only a freshman in highschool, but I'm so stressed out and I'm so tired of the constant effort I put into everything with no break. I feel like everything is just moving too fast and I can't keep up. I hate living so much and I honestly have been wanting to kill myself for the past 4 years; I don't think I can make it through the rest of high school.

I hate myself, I hate how I look, how I act, I'm so annoying and stupid I can't stand myself. I'm pretty sure I failed my math end of the year test because everyone but me has gotten their scores back. I was so happy bc I did surprisingly so well on my bio (94%) and I have high hopes for literature. But if I have to retake algebra 1 next year I'll actually kill myself.

In addition to everything else, a sing who I really look up to and care about so deeply commited suicide last winter. I can't stop thinking about him everyday and crying over him. Ik I never knew him personally but he was such an amazing and warm-hearted person and I miss him more than anything. I can't help but cry when I listen to his music, even his cheerful, upbeat songs. I wish I could've taken all of his pain away from him.

I don't have anyone to vent to, I have maybe 3 friends I trust, but one has been ignoring me recently, although she still usually texts me back. the other definitely would not understand. My other friend I vent to every now and then, but she only ever replies with "lol same tho" and then completely turns it around and starts talking abt her problems which I listen to and comfort her abt.

I just wished someone cared and realised how much I struggle. I hate when ppl think I have a perfect life, perfect parents, I get perfect grades easily and I get along with my siblings. It reality I want to kill myself everyday, I love my parents but they have never been there for me, my dad constantly insults my appearance, my grade and everything else, I study for five hours a day to get "average" grades, most of my siblings I get along with only bc we've never lived with eachother, the brother I do live with constantly insults me, disrespects me, calls me awful things and makes me cry. I just feel like they're (can't think of the proper word) ignoring(?) how hard I work and how much I struggle.

My friend also struggling with mental health started getting help because our other friends noticed she didn't act the same, lost weight etc. With all my heart I want to help my friend get better and I want to to help her so much but it feels unfair that no one seems to recognise my pain when i don't even try to hide it. to them I honestly think they dont take me seriously and they just see me as less (? sorta.. Idk how to explain it) to them. Like I've been suffering like this for the past 4 years, constantly trying tk reach out but no one seems to notice or care. 

Idk this was a complete mess, congratulations if you were able to read all of that. Tbh I wanted to curse and "yell" throughout this whole thing but I needed to get my thoughts down in an orderly fashion yknow? Eitherway, sorry if this is rlly long...