Counting pillsI've been depressed among many other mental health diagnosis since I was 13 years old. I am now 30. All my life I've had to struggle and fight for the things I wanted. Nothing has come naturally to me, I always feel like I'm grinding against life. 

2016 was quite possibly the worst year of my life. Not only did I suddenly lose a parent to cancer but I also had a complicated injury that put me off work for a while and in a very poor financial situation. 

This year at the anniversary of my parent's death it was like it was happening all over again. I had night terrors and a horrible feeling of pain and anxiety. Due to the nature of my work I didn't feel comfortable talking about it to anyone and therefore I didn't receive any support. 

Speaking of work, im at the point now where I think that they have it out for me so badly that if I mess up one more time, I'm likely to be fired. The evidence is mounting due to some vengeful coworkers and mistakes that occurred during the anniversary month (as I said above). I have zero friends there. I dread going into work. It's gotten to the point where I have no confidence in myself because they keep telling me I suck at well everything pertaining to this job. Despite my willingness to train and retrain and to come in all the time for extra shifts. I get no recognition when I'm doing well. It feels like if I don't get out soon I will have a mental breakdown or be fired.

I am worried about money, about losing my job which is the main form of financial support for my boyfriend and I. I feel inadequate and not good enough. I feel worthless and like nobody likes me. 
I feel as though there's no way my life could get better from this point and that maybe my personality leads me to get into these situations where I'm treated this way.

I attempted to get help by going to an ED but the inpatient unit was full and the ED staff treated me like I was unimportant and a piece of shit. (I'm not discouraging others from seeking help there). So I ended up talking the doctor into letting me go home with some meds and referrals to see someone outpatient. So they did do something for me but I just don't feel any better. My outpatient appointments are for next week but I need the help now. 

I want to die ...

I spent the last 10 days looking for ways to kill myself and at first was fearful of the pain but now I'm more focused on how to make sure I'm successful. I've overdosed on pills a lot of times but  never was successful but it seems like the only thing I have at my disposal. I'm not even sure if I have enough. But I figure if I take enough pain killers and then down a bunch of Ativan I'll pass out and won't feel anything. 

So that's where I'm at now... counting pills





