I just want to sleep one night and never wake upFirst thought that hits me when I wake up is "Fuck. I'm still here. I'm still suffering." I can't even think straight or see straight these days through the haze of pain and anger at what I've turned into. I wasn't always this fucked up when I was a kid. I used to have hope for the future, that maybe...just maybe, I could make something out of my life enough to distract me from the pain. I used to get up with some sense of direction. I tried to work hard in every area I committed myself to. Nothing worked out. I flunked my way through high school, had no social life, got bullied, still don't have any close friends, and just overall turned into a failure. 

Whenever I try to talk about it, they tell me I'm just ungrateful. That at least I'm not in a Syrian war zone or a DPRK concentration camp. They're right. I have a roof over my head, a somewhat stable life, and I'm not in mortal danger. As if that should make me happy. Perhaps to normal people, it does. But all the stability and comfort in the world never makes things any less miserable for me. 

And my favorite: "at least you're still alive." Right. What's the point of existing if I'm in a constant state of depression and pain, and worse, there's nothing external causing it that I can change? Being reminded every second of how I've disappointed everyone who ever made the mistake of caring about me, how I'm a burden to everyone around me, how there's literally no purpose, no point to continue dragging myself through every day and hoping every night that by some miracle I won't wake up again.

I had all the preparations made and was a second away from committing suicide a few years ago, but I pussied out at the last second. Attempting suicide means I risk everything. If I succeed, it's all over and I'm free. If I fail, my life gets exponentially worse: brain damage, health problems, and now everyone's watching me more closely, so trying again becomes near impossible. 

I lost faith a long time ago in the usual suicide hotline garbage that "everything will be okay, things will get better." The only thing that keeps me going is that one day I'll get the perfect chance to commit suicide and end my suffering for good.