I Might Kill My Selfhi im 19 and i cant get a job, ive tried the job centers and no one still calls me or emails me, my parents are worried that i might be depressed (i am) but i hate to tell them and my money situation is bad since i owe the hospital 3 grand and i owe the bank 200. i got droppped out of college recently because by car is busted and i couldn't get a hold of my professor because we use on campus email and it wont let me make one. my parents still dont know that i got dropped out even though they payed for it. i know they love me but i know i will get kicked out so i just walk out the house and say a friend is picking me up and just walk around and reflect on all the things i fucked up on. then i come back home and hour later, make up an excuse then go to my room and google jobs that are hiring. recently i lost my appetite and lost about 10 pounds in a week because i dont want to eat and ive been sleeping every other day. this has been going on for months and im sick of it. i look at my gun every day and contemplate about it, i just dont care if it makes my parents cry or anybody sad im just done. therapy is too expencive and i hate to be called a freak or looked at awkwardly if i bring it up. im a good liar and if you meet me irl i dont look like the kind to talk about this stuff. i bottle it up and this is honestly the best way i vent my self and recently thats starting to ware out im trying new hobbies everyday but im getting more tired and tired as the days go on. i hate getting attention and last time i tried venting to a therapist in middle school but she sent me to a mental hospital and labled me as a danger to him self and others and my parents had to pay 12 grand for the "treatment" they gave me. this is why i hate being real with people. i made a promise with my self that i have 3 months to get a job or else im pulling the trigger. i never even attempted suicide but now its getting close. sorry if my typing or wording is crap i just wanted to vent before i swallow the black pill and thank you for making the time to read this.