I want out, the feelings are coming back.Hello everyone I know why I am here my name is Justin and I am  here to vent.

My family hasn't treated me very nicely in the past couple of years and I haven't been able to handle all the heart-ache an stress it has caused me. This all started when I was 15 I had a loving carefree family and when my mom got addicted to prescription medication it all went to hell pretty quickly. My mom got super addicted to them, started stealing them, using dad's credit cards I believe 5 of them and maxed them out and forced him into bankruptcy, used all his money that he ever had. 

Me going to high school at the time was beaten by my mom and emotionally abused by her she told me "oh you can't tell anyone they will take you away" or "oh do you want them to put me in jail" so I had to keep a straight face and go to school like nothing was ever wrong, I had to keep it bottled up.... hidden inside like a dirty secret if you had of met me you would be shocked thinking this is truly a normal family.... normal family with a monster secrets though.

My normal routine during high school was the same, get up get dressed get yelled at and beaten, go to school where I sat for 8 hours trying to make good grades, trying to listen to the teacher when the only thoughts were god I don't want to go home, today I am gonna find her overdosed on the floor when I get home, and when I got home she'd be asleep so I would cook and clean and psychically take her to bed she was so drugged and rinse and repeat and where was my dad during all of this he was out back watching tv ignoring me, ignoring the situation and when anyone talked they would be fighting and yelling.

I had done that everyday all day long through each and every high school year from age 15 to present, I remember when I finally broke down, it was the weekend they were gone as per usual buying drugs and I this 18 year old kid was trying his damnedest to make them happy cleaning the entire house and then cooking a big meal, I was waiting for dinner time to come around and I started cooking thinking this is perfect, this time I have done it I will have made them happy, made them love me this, well I got half way through cooking and I accidentally spilled it went all over me and I got burned and I remember I just snapped inside I started crying was in the floor a mental wreck saying freak this and freak that and why god what did I ever do to deserve this even though looking back now it wasn't his fault.

It was over in an instant I got right back up dried my tears and fixed the entire dinner again for the second time, they got home right after and did they appreciate it, did they love the dinner I took so long preparing trying to make them happy no they said nothing about the house and said it would have been better had I not cooked dinner.  So I was at the end of my rope all trust broken, self-esteem shattered everywhere an left a broken remain of my former self that next day I had a panic attack and had panic attacks that whole week assuming i was dying and they just watched and laughed and criticized saying i was faking them to get outta school, so I started cutting myself an for once I felt human that I had control... the darkness creeped in from behind though and I start feeling suicidal and that was the only way out. 

So that is what a day in my shoes was like and currently still like I am 20 years old graduated high school but they don't take me to get my permit or go for job interviews, and I am just a broken wreck, I had a 2 year period where I hadn't self harmed but i have started again,  been 3 days clean as of today but, I just feel like things are going dark again I am going numb, cold a monster inside me like i am slowly going insane. It is sad really because I know whats happening I know I am not insane or crazy that I am not making any of this up that its not a dream... like knowing there's going to be a wreck before it happens, but now the suicidal thoughts are back, and I want to confide in my friend Jeff who is loving an caring he knows the situation just doesn't know about my self harm / suicidal thoughts and I am worried I will scare him.

Let me know what you guys and girls think about all of this I know its a long ass post but I had to get it out, and appreciate it if you read it.  