Why talking doesn't help.Just a heads up - I find this therapeutic... posting here, finding the few people who get it or feel like they are less alone in feeling this way.  I'm not posting to have people messaging me and trying to save me, trying to learn what's wrong because they think they can fix it, or talk me out of a "hot moment."  It's hard to explain the difference between a post or talking with people who get it and talking to the crusaders who just want to save you.  


The last year, I've tried to reach out to people for help.  I've told my whole, tear-filled story to dozens of family members, a handful of friends, and several strangers.  I didn't do it because I just needed to have a long cry and move on.  I had a plan on how to fix it.  I'd tried to fix it alone and failed.  Every time one said no, or worse - added their own little judgements on what they thought I should do - it made me feel so much more alone than before I had talked to them, especially since my biggest problem was that someone else had been controlling me already... but not the point here.

This is going to sound strange, but I'm realizing that each time I did that - I gave a way of piece of me.  Every time I gave someone a piece of my truth (what I know to be true for me...), and they distorted it or tried to change it... I became less me.  It happened so slowly and I had a hard time putting my finger on what exactly had taken place.  Today, I'm sitting here, feeling less heard than ever - more alone than ever - and I've realized that I don't even have myself anymore.  She's been messed with, brainwashed (different issues I won't go into here), and patronized.  She doesn't know who she is anymore.  I was still fighting a year ago, and it's grown steadily less.  I'm realizing that by reaching out to others, I've lost myself.  I can't even imagine finding her again.  

So really, no one should be sad if I go.  I'm not me anymore.  Everyone who wants to talk to me (with something besides actually understanding on some level) just wants to change me even more.  Why live if I'm not the person I think was worth helping anymore?  She's gone.  Time to grieve for her and quit letting this hollow corpse of hers haunt this stupid planet.  

I know I've posted quite a bit... it's because I'm not coming from a mere hot moment... it's a slow process that I apparently want to live out online.  Maybe someone will actually understand before i go - maybe they won't.  Maybe someone will be inspired not to throw themselves away for people who don't care - maybe they won't.  Either way, I felt a little less alone writing this.  