I just can't deal with life anymoreI broke up with my ex months ago. It wasn't good for either of us, I was still in love with him, but I wasn't gay, I was just attracted to him because he still looked like a girl (he's trans) and I knew it would kill him if he knew that, he'd hate himself more than he already did.

I talked to no one all summer, I used to talk to him everyday but I stopped, because I knew he still had feelings for me and to be honest so did I. I had no one all summer, all of my friends never thought of me so I was alone and fairly depressed. It got so bad that I texted my ex again at the end of summer, because I was desperate. I only wanted a friend, and he said he did too.

But it was painfully obvious that I was hurting him being his friend, so I stopped again. It was my fault, I should have just left him alone, I was weak. Although I did see him now and then and would always be friendly and treat him with respect, I would always look out for him when we were out and made sure he got home safe, even if I put on a passing "Im cool and don't care" attitude.

But due to recent events, I know I'm spiralling back into depression and have been considering suicide.

My friend recently broke up with his girlfriend, and honestly she is a manipulative uncaring person. I always tried to be friendly to her and she would call me an "asshole to talk to" to my face. She started being friendly with my ex, who had said that he hated her for the same reasons I did. They started loudly discussing people they were fucking and shunning me whenever I was around. My ex started to hate me.

I quit youth club because of how they treated me, when I would always remain friendly. My friends ex actively tries to tear me down, and has gotten my ex on her side. 

Tonight I got a snap from a guy I know. Everyone is out tonight because school just ended for Christmas, and i wasn't invited because they used to be the people I'd go out with. The snap was of my ex and my friends ex making out.

She is a horrible person. My ex is not, he's sweet and and has terrible self esteem and psychological issues. It kills me to see what they're doing to him, I know he'll never be happy the way he's going. I've done nothing wrong to these people, I've done all I can to rectify my mistakes and I'm treated like dirt.

All things considered I hate my life. I hate the people I talk to now, they're all immature geeks and nerds, I have no one I love anymore. I have nothing and no one, and I know I'm just going to be treated worse and experience a lot more hate, I just can't cope anymore.

I have nothing to live for.


