My story: Suicidal Redditers, please read.Today's my one month anniversary of the closest I've ever been (and hopefully ever will be) to killing myself. Long story short, I've been depressed for quite a while, and the only person who alleviated my pain was sleeping with my best friend behind my back without telling me... I shut myself off from my friends, sat on the edge of a bridge, daring myself to jump off. I didn't want to suffer, I wanted to just be done. I felt a gap in my life- something that none of my hobbies or music couldn't fill. I was never happy or excited. I was essentially viewing life in monochrome. As I sat there, staring down 150 feet to certain death, the only thing holding me back was the question "Will it hurt?" I told myself that the pain of living was much worse than a second or two of bone crushing impact, but human carnal fear held me back. I began to cry, and I pictured my grandmother, and how happy she was to always see me and call me after each one of my calculus exams (we share a common hatred of math) to talk about how the test went, and I had an image of her crying over my closed casket that held my crushed and withered body... I imagined my little sister, sobbing while remembering old memories and experiences... I never had a chance to say goodbye to all of these people. I realized that there was more that I had to do on earth- I want to finish school, I want to go on that crazy vacation that I've been dreaming about. I want to spend more time with my friends and family whom I love. I want to change the world. I got up and slowly walked off of that bridge, SuicideWatch, because I realized there's more in life that I have to do. There's still a gaping hole in my life- whether it be lost love or untold ideas, I have no idea- but the pain of missing something is almost overcome by the motivation to go out and be myself without limits or fears. I realized I have so much left to do before I kill myself. I want to love life and live it to the fullest. I still struggle with depression, but it's slowly relinquishing its hold on my life. I've found people to confide in and who have helped me overcome that lonely and helpless feeling. I've experienced newfound love in the little things- my cat waking me up by nuzzling me, card games by candlelight in my friends' dorms, losing myself in classical music. 
However bad you feel, SW, there IS an answer that isn't suicide. Go out and do things! Travel, experience new things! love life. Love your friends. Talk to people.
Thanks for reading and PM me if you need to talk.