I'm tiredPart 1 of 2

Posting here as a last resort. I don’t know what to do anymore. My life seems to be a series of one struggle after another. I hate myself for pitying myself this way, but I’ve wanted to die as long as I can remember. I remember writing a poem about it when I was just 6 or 7 years of age. I’ve never felt like anyone has ever understood me. My desire to die isn’t purely emotional, though. I’ve tried hard to view my situation from an objective stance, and death seems to be the only logical decision at this point, as psychotic as that may sound. I’ve had several [clearly unsuccessful] suicide attempts, the first of which occurred when I was 12 or 13. I attempted to drown myself but was rescued by a friend. The second incidence happened in April of 2002. I took about 10 Ibuprofen. I admit that that time it was more of a cry for help than anything. I was taken to the hospital, where I was given charcoal to ingest. I don’t think it was medically necessary procedure—it was punitive, if anything. Therapy was recommended to me at that time, and I complied for a while but found it largely ineffective. The last time was just four or five years ago—I forget. I took 500 Advil, fell unconscious, and woke myself up by vomiting in my sleep. I waited an hour or two and, after realizing that I wasn’t going to die, called an ambulance. The paramedics, upon arrival, told me that I would probably die after I told them the amount of Ibuprofen I had ingested. I was admitted to the hospital and 5150’d. Therapy was, again, recommended to me at that time. I found a therapist and saw her for a few sessions before deeming it futile.

I’m now 25 years old.

I was born to a Caucasian father and multiracial mother who, at the time, were both in their early forties. I have one older brother seven years my senior, and a half sister who was already 18 years old when I was born. Both of my parents have undiagnosed mental health issues. My father contracted ulcerative colitis as a young adult, which warranted his proceeding with an ileostomy—a medical procedure that removes the ilium (a part of the small intestine) and the rest of the gastrointestinal tract that follows after it, and creates a stoma (essentially, a hole) for the elimination of waste. This made my father extremely self conscious, and consequently, he has lived his entire life without making even a single friend. This translated to my family living in isolation as I grew up, with us having no family friends, and very limited, if any, contact with our neighbors. I feel like my socialization skills were inhibited because of this. It wasn’t until grade school that I really had the opportunity to interact with people outside my immediate family. As I was painfully shy, soft-spoken, and a little eccentric, I was quickly out casted by most of my peers. I was teased about many things growing up—my multiracial identity, my voice, my appearance, my mother (my mother was rather overweight at the time), my intelligence, and my taciturnity, to name a few. 
 
When I was around four or five, a family member molested me a few times. He was a minor at the time. Surprisingly, we’ve talked about it since and he felt terrible about it. It doesn’t bother me at all anymore, but it used to.
 
All my life, I’ve struggled with my health. In elementary school, I had asthma that was so severe that I was hospitalized multiple times every year. I remember being 8 or 9 years old and coming down with pneumonia. I fell unconscious as my fever escalated to nearly 106 degrees, and I was prematurely pronounced dead. I was hospitalized for some time afterward before returning to school. I had many asthma triggers, one of which was grass, so every day at lunch my mother picked me up to take me home for lunch. She was afraid of me playing on the grass. This further contributed to my feelings of isolation. What’s elementary school without playtime? Fortunately, my asthma is now under control. I still get bronchitis every year, though, and my immune system is rather weak. I pick up colds like a magnet. I used to love to run, but I can’t anymore because I have chronic knee problems (luxating patella on both sides, which I inherited from my mother) and sciatica. I know that my health problems now are minor so I’m thankful for that.
 
Life at home was quiet growing up, for the most part. Since my parents had me in their 40s, they were a little too worn out to spend much time with me. My siblings were too far ahead of me developmentally to want to play pretend with me. My parents bought me whatever toys I wanted to compensate, but I recall feeling extremely lonely as a child. I can’t remember a time where I have not felt lonely.
 
When my brother hit adolescence, life at home quickly became volatile and violent. When my brother was 16 or so, he and our sister got into a physical fight with my parents, which resulted in my father needing a number of stitches. My brother went to juvenile hall for several months. When he was released, I remember being fearful of him for some time. I remember that that hurt his feelings quite a bit.
 
Middle school was a tumultuous time for me. I had befriended and become quite close with one or two classmates over the past few years, but both had decided to “ditch” me without explanation when they eventually realized that I wasn’t “cool.” This experience repeated itself repeatedly throughout my childhood and young adulthood, and each time it hurt me significantly.
 
When I was a freshman in high school, my parents got a divorce. My father immediately remarried a woman who was younger than my sister (dad was in his late fifties; wife #2 was 27 at that time). She was in prison for fraud. She was a prostitute, a porn star, a stripper, and a meth head. When she was ultimately released, my dad took me to go see her. To make a long story short, their relationship didn’t work out. My father, who is known for being stoical, became suicidal afterwards. I remember one night he called me at my mother’s. My brother had taken my mother out somewhere, most likely grocery shopping. He told me that he was about to jump off of his balcony. I stole my mother’s car, and, without a driver’s license, drove to my dad’s house. When I got there he acted like nothing had ever happened. I was 15 at that time.
 
In 2002, I got into my first relationship. I was so lonely and desperate at the time that I welcomed the first person to ever show me romantic interest. Our relationship was a stormy one. He was the jealous type, and attempted to regulate every aspect of my life. Towards the end of our time together, I was no longer allowed to talk to anyone else at school but him, I could not wear makeup or dress up, and I could no longer devote any time to my hobbies (which, at the time, consisted mostly of drawing/painting and playing video games). Ironically, a few years later he apologized for the way he treated me, and he remains one of my closest friends until this day, although we speak infrequently. I do not believe in holding grudges.
 
Shortly after that, which would have been my sophomore year in high school, my performance in school began to decline. When I was younger, I was in GATE (gifted and talented education), and I was also pulled from my regular classes to be given individual attention around my reading (when I was in 2nd grade, I was reading at an 8th grade level). I had few friends, and wasn’t learning anything in class, so I began to develop a record for truancy. Teachers complained to me that I was bright, but wasn’t applying myself. I was enrolled in honors and AP classes but barely passed because I rarely attended. I just didn’t care anymore. I graduated, but only barely. My parents always believed I’d end up at Stanford or an Ivy League university. In many ways, I feel like a failure.
 
I started working as a junior in high school, so after my graduation, I began to work full-time. I attended a local community college for some time. I switched majors frequently, unable to focus on a single subject for too long. I eventually settled on business administration, which is not a subject I’m passionate about, but it seemed like safe choice that would help me pay the bills. I eventually transferred to a mediocre local university as a transfer student. Even though I'm now 25, I still have one class left before I officially have my degree. I have failed many classes due to my inability to focus, so I'm not sure that my degree will even have any value.

