It's just a matter of choosing a methodI feel like I'm a failure at everything. I'm 19 and have had suicidal thoughts since I was at least 9. Those are the first ones in my memory at least. Attempts, well, no clue how many at this point. "studying" for a degree at a uni. No interest whatsoever in the whole thing. 2 exams coming up next week, both have tons of material, I haven't studied. Have no drive to. I would merrily just get the E's and be done with them, but mom obviously wants to know all the results etc. Constantly asking me if I'm studying, do I have any questions, have I received any results. I have to uphold her expectations, she was pretty much a genius, good at everything, no mental health issues or anything. I'm the opposite. Bullied since at least 8 years old, for 7-8 years. Internet addict. Diagnosed with depression, was on meds for a while. Accidentally stopped taking at some point and truth be told, I do feel better now.

I have no clue what I'd like to do. And if I don't really want to do it, there's really no way to actually get me to do it. I have tried, I have forced myself, I have basically done it all. Now I just feel like it's better to check out before those 2 exams so that there'd be no dealing with that. I could change my degree next year, but that's not a particularly inviting thing either, it'd just be a repeat of the current situation. Mom said I should start looking for a summer job, preferably related to my degree. She's super enthusiastic about it and the future prospects it could bring. I can tell just by looking at her, she's very disappointed, she didn't want to have a daughter that's such massive failure. Lazy, fat, has no good qualities to speak of(this one people have argued against). My psychologist told her about my suicidal thoughts. Her response: "that's just ridiculous! get your act together!" I don't want to be an actor in something I was forced to act in. I didn't choose to be born. 

So it's down to simply choosing a method. Something that will work. Guns aren't obtainable. Nothing to OD on, not that the chances of success are vey high anyway. There are so many options but most of the ones I have considered require preparation... Not something you can do in 2 days with no money. Haven't had the will to live since.. ever? Checking out now would solve everything on my part.

Obligatory, because perfection is required: grammar, vocab, flow etc. Not a native English speaker and further on, not in a clear frame of mind.