Lack of Purpose, No Control, and an Existential CrisisSo here I am.  29 years old, no skills, training, or degrees to my name.  I still live with my mother- my father died when I was 12- and she's an absolute control freak, a religious nutjob, a selfish hypocrite, and a crazy cat lady.  I'm unemployed, out of shape, single after losing the love of my life to my own apathy and insensitivity, can't drive and don't have a license even if I could, and I just have a whole host of things wrong with me.

I suffer from depression and anxiety.  My mother won't acknowledge the anxiety as a legitimate issue.  She also won't acknowledge that she might have had something to do with it- and she absolutely did since she's so imposing and throws her weight around like a tyrant.  There's nowhere I can go to get away from her since all my friends are either struggling with their own lives financially, or simply don't have any place for me to stay.

I feel like I have no control over my own life because of my mother, but she doesn't see the problem.  In fact, even if she did, she wouldn't care unless it proved problematic for her.  Everything that happens either MUST benefit her, or is a problem.  She wants me to get a job, but only so that she can use my money for her wants and needs.  If I try to withhold anything from her, she will threaten to kick me out of the house- and remember that I have nowhere to go.  If she wants me to be independent, it's just so that I'm gone and not using up her resources.  It's never about me.

And then there's the existential crisis: I'm not religious at all, and I've already come to terms with the pointlessness of existence.  What got to me, however, is that existence CAN have meaning when conscious minds assign meaning to it; but what if all conscious minds go extinct, with no hope of resurrection or the rise of new consciousness?  Then reality itself becomes permanently meaningless.  So the ULTIMATE purpose is to ensure the continued existence of consciousness, because doing that will give all conscious minds the freedom to choose their own purposes.  Ever since I came to this realization, I have felt morally obligated to contribute to this goal in some way, but I have no way of doing that.  I can't choose my own path, make my own decisions, or run my own life.  Everything I do is dictated by my mother, or else I lose the roof over my head.  The anxiety I get from this is enough to paralyze me physically, so there goes finding a job.

The most likely scenario for the end of the universe is heat death.  Nothing but entropy.  When that happens, consciousness will go extinct if it hasn't found a way to survive beyond that point.  If I cannot at least TRY to contribute to this goal, then what good am I?  I'm NO good.  I'm an absolute WASTE of atoms and energy.  I wouldn't feel that way if I didn't know this shit, or if I had the ability to dismiss it, but I DO know it and I CAN'T dismiss it.  My perspective is just... too vast.

So with my hopelessness at fulfilling my moral obligation to the survival of consciousness, and my decreasing sense of autonomy, it's becoming more and more apparent that my only truly free choice is suicide.  I'm not in any danger at the moment, but this is literally the only way out of the situation I'm in that I can do ALONE.  Someone else HAS to pull me out, give me what I need to live, and give me the space to find my own sense of self sufficiency.

I can't talk to my mother about any of these things because she won't acknowledge that her actions are wrong.  I can't talk to my therapist or support person from the free mental health facility about this because I'm afraid I'll be hospitalized a 3rd time- and I'm convinced that they deal with suicidal people by making their lives as miserable as possible on the inside so that all they want to do is get out, and then life doesn't seem as bad when they ARE out.

My friends can't help, my family can't help, and I don't know if my support people can help.  What do I do?  Is my only chance at freedom truly nonexistence?