Why is taking that final step so hard?I want to not exist. I want to sleep. But I am not sure I want to 100% kill myself... yet?  
  
I am miserable. My life is going nowhere. I have sabotaged my future beyond repair and I continue to do so at every opportunity. I sabotage everything I do. I'm not really trying. I am waiting until everything magically gets better or I acquire the strength to kill myself.  
  
I don't know how close I am to trying. Yesterday I collected all of my pills that I've been saving up and put them in a bottle. I keep this bottle close to my bed. I can swallow all the pills at any time and severely fuck myself up or even die. It feels nice to have these pills near me. They are comforting, in some sort of incredibly disturbing way.  
  
The pills are the back-up plan though. I have a location and a method. My head is going to get smashed. But I'm waiting for nice weather because it's outside. If I am waiting I can't want to kill myself THAT much right?  
  
I have failed again and again, I am still not better. I dropped out of high school. I am now a young adult living with my parents. I know 19 isn't *that* old, but still, I am very behind where society expects me to be. My parents still take care of me and do everything for me.  
  
I have seen dozens of therapists and psychiatrists. Hell I feel really bad for them. It must be frustrating working with a lost cause. I don't think my current ones even care about me really and I am really sad about that.  
  
I just want to be done. Done with life. I want everything to be better, for all my pain to go away, or to die right now. I do not want whatever is in-between. Recovery sounds exhausting.  
  
I still am not sure I will ever have the guts to really do something to harm myself. I have gotten close. I've practiced tying a rope around my neck. I have swallowed random pills to hurt myself (only got a headache). I have a location and plan to kill myself. I have put myself in danger. But I don't think I've ever done anything you could really call a legitimate suicide attempt.  
  
I've gone to the hospital, twice for two very long stays around a year and a half ago. God... it feels like yesterday... oh my god. I don't want to go there again especially since I will end up in the adult unit or worse. If I fuck up killing myself or even tell someone how I am doing I go there again so I do not tell anyone how bad my suicidal thoughts are sometimes.  
  
I originally intended this post to be very short but it has transformed into a disgusting stream of consciousness. Ew. I'm not going to bother going back to edit anything. I will probably delete this in the morning. And this account, lol.  
  
I don't know. I really don't. How serious am I about ever hurting myself? I'm not sure. I really question if I will ever have the guts to do anything about how miserable I am. I've always thought actions are louder than thoughts and words. I have taken some worrying actions towards suicide but never truly crossed the line (I think).  
  
Will I one day? I think it will be spontaneous. When I get really upset the urge to grab that bottle of pills and swallow some is STRONG.  
  
Whatever. I am going to bed. Please don't comment on this because I won't read it and I will delete this account in the morning and refuse any help just like i always do, because I sabotage myself and hate myself. Nothing will ever get better while I treat myself like this. I am so tired. 
  
