Tuesday is my day. I'm fucking ready for the weekend! Time to have some fuckin' fun!Hey! I've set the date I'm gonna do it, now I'm fucking happy as could be. An end is in sight, and I'm ready to enjoy the last 72 hours.

I quit my job on the 20th, and have enough money to have fun with on my last few days. Making an actual plan has made me happy though, mostly because nothing matters at this point. I'm not sure how I'm gonna do it yet, but here it goes. I'm gonna leave this message up for my family when they find me, as a goodbye.

I hope everybody's weekend goes well! Please don't bother trying to talk me out of it, plan's made, I've quit my job in preparation, and I'm about to have the best weekend of my life. The first truly  worry-free one in a long fucking time.


Here's for my family; There's some resources on the side (right) for people who've lost someone to suicide, please utilize them.

Mom, I love you but god damn you should have let me become independent earlier. You constantly harassed me and never let me do what I actually wanted to do. I wanted to drop out of high school, instead you made me waste 4 fucking years of my life in daily misery that's left me in a permanent state of depression. I still love you though, you're an amazing person. You just talk so much shit about people and have no willpower, but hey... You raised me. Unfortunately I was made to think I couldn't trust you with anything, or come to you with my problems. I hope you recover from this well, I know you cared about me a lot. I know you believe in heaven and all that, but even if it doesn't exist, just know that you made my life the best it could have been, given the circumstances.

Dad... Learn to control your fucking temper, you're a real asshole and you treat people like shit. Nobody likes to be around you when you're yelling and screaming about how you're unhappy. Not only that, you manipulate the story to make it seem like I did something fucking irresponsible and got me locked in a hospital for a fucking week. Beyond that you're a great person. Likewise, I hope you recover from this well, and I know you love me a lot too and I love you but living with you was difficult.

Brother. You're way too fucking nosey. Learn to mind your own fucking business, there's no reason you should act like my parent. You followed moms example of "Lets treat him like he doesn't know what he wants, and treat him like a fucking idiot". Regardless, I love you. I'm pretty sure you'll go far in life, just quit treating people like you know more than them. Not everybody has to follow your footsteps. You're a gossiper too, all of you are. Just fucking cut the gossip, it's intolerable. I hope you and D have a good life together.

Sister. You were cool, but you teased me a lot growing up and made me scared to get close to people. Anytime I told you something even remotely personal you had to share it with everybody and make jokes about it. That had a lasting effect. It wasn't only you, but you were the primary instigator of that behavior. I love you regardless.

Here's what I want a few of my friends to know. Make sure to tell them this stuff.

To N.H. - You're borderline fucking retarded, but you're a good dude. Your beliefs are stupid, and I don't even want you at my funeral because of them.

To C.H. - You're a cool dude. I've known you for something like 6 years now, and even though you keep your distance you're probably the coolest dude I've known in my life.

To B.V. - I never had the balls to ask you out, but you're a pretty cool chick (I might ask you on Monday, come to think of it). You're beautiful, ambitious, motivated, and most of all you're a kick ass person to be around. Having you in my bio class this semester made school tolerable. Keep being you.

All the others can get a bullshit story, I don't have enough time to write out responses to all of you, there's too many to even remember you all at the moment. I've gotta go have some fun. Peace!

To reddit, again. If any of you wanna talk, feel free to post in the replies, I'll be monitoring this post over the weekend just to chat etc.