There's no place in this world for people like me.I will never connect.  I know every college I apply to will reject me.  Even though I've got perfect test scores, great grades, and great LoRs, I'm not a real human.  There's a little scrap missing where my personhood should be.

All my life I have sensed invisible walls between myself and others.  While the social butterflies effortlessly flitted from clique to clique, I was left forever on the sidelines.  I desire interaction, but the people around me all speak of vacuous, inconsequential matters.  What substantive information can be gleaned from the intricacies of flag football or celebrity lives?

I'm too different from everybody else.  I was diagnosed with Asperger's, depression, and anxiety as a kid.  Recent paranoid symptoms and visual disturbances have led me to worry about schizoaffective disorder.  I can't sort out whether I'm smart and disadvantaged or below average and *really* fucking lucky.  The IQ testing I had as a kid does nothing to ease the confusion.  I scored at the 99.999th percentile for verbal ability and 61st for nonverbal on one test.  Another gave me 99.93rd nonverbal.  But my school's (not IQ in the strict sense) testing put my verbal ability at only the 30th percentile at first.  My processing speed is definitely *way* below average, and working memory merely okay.  I can't process visual stimuli quickly, but I can learn concepts easily.

I always thought I was stupid.  Now I'm six years ahead in math and wondering where all the time went.  If only it were as easy to get into the degree program as to take graduate classes!  But I've been rejected over and over by summer programs and an early college program (starting at age 16).  In the last case, I have been able to confirm that my ACT score exceeds that of every single person who was let in.  Maybe they spied on me somehow or bought my data.  Maybe there's a hidden code they look for in the essays.  Maybe they just want sheep who are easy to control.  Maybe I'm actually a braindead retard hallucinating this life.  Maybe I've been deceived and everybody else is secretly smarter than I am.

But I can't take it.  We have no morals, no guidance, and no hope.  Religion is how the 80+% of humans with undiagnosed psychotic disorders vent their delusions, and society is all about control.  They want to force me to do their bidding.  Work, work, work until I die.  But when my atoms are scattered across the cosmos who will bear witness to my deeds in life?  Socialization is hell, and deprogramming a bottomless pit.

I almost jumped off a bridge the other day.  I have no idea what restrained me, or why I desisted from my course of action.  Perhaps, at 17, I still believe that the world holds more for me yet.  But I cannot abide the dispassionate vitriol that permeates our daily lives.  The mindless drudgery...  If only we could all vanish from the world, blight that we are.  I should die, but so should we all.