I'm not sure if this should be here, but a friend of mine wants to commit and I just don't know what to doOkay this is going to be long, I'm sorry I just need to tell someone. 

I met another girl online a few months ago, it started off fine, she seemed funny and nice and happy. We have a circle of mutual online friends, but the two of us quickly became very close and started talking everyday and she soon told me she is very depressed. She does not go to school very often, and as a result she is failing almost every class. She has no friends in real life, or so she tells me. She already self-harms and now she just wants to end it. She told me she wants me to be there when she dies and I don't know how to deal with it and I need help. I'm only a kid, I'm 17, and she is 15. 

She is very eloquent and mature for her age in my opinion, very self aware, which has helped me push away preconcived notions about kids with depression. I used to think it was just self-pity and for attention, but she is very private about it and it's something that is hardwired into her brain. She tells me that she feels unbearable guilt because she is "a bad person and is the reason for everything bad" in her life and other people's lives. She considers herself a burden to everyone. She comes from a broken family and her mother recently kicked her out of the house. (Her mom has things wrong with her as well and the girl was always worse when she was at her moms house) I thought things were looking up when she was kicked out since she hated her mom, but even though she is permanently at her dads house she has gotten progressively worse. 

I forced her to tell her dad about her depression in hope that he would take her to a doctor and get help, but her dad dismissed it for about a month. Finally she was prescribed some sort of medicine, I'm not sure what, about 2 weeks ago. It hasn't done anything except make things worse, even though I tell her it might take a while to start working. She has wild mood swings, one day she will be fine (it seems), and a few hours later she'll be having "scary thoughts" and be wanting to die. She says the worst parts are the fleeting moments of happiness, because they arent permanent, and the fact that she feels happiness makes the longer periods of sadness that much worse. She now is set on killing herself because she thinks that if the pills dont work, nothing will. She understands that something is wrong with her brain, and does not believe she will ever grow out of it, as her family has a history of depression, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia.

Last night she told me she hated me because I am wealthier than her, am not depressed, and have things in life that she will never have. I talked with her for 4 hours and she eventually told me she was just trying to push me away so I wouldnt be sad when she died. She told me a while ago that she has romantic feelings for me, but I turned her down because, well, I'm straight. If I could I would, in order to give her something to live for, but I would be leading her on. Once I told her this she hated herself for having those feelings, saying that all she does is make mistakes and bad choices and she is bad person. 

Sorry that this is horribly written/has little to no punctuation, and disjointed, I just tried to pour out everything from our relationship from the past half year, its so much more complex but I just needed to get this out.

*edit* 
she is now set on starving herself as self-punishment because she is unable to cut at the moment