My apologies for the wall of text. I didn't revise it to make sense.I don't even know where to start this.

I want to die. For the first time in a long time, I've cried. I sat at my computer looking up poisions and just started crying. I don't know what to do. If you want a backstory, read below. I just wrote it all out because I don't what to write. I didn't write it to make sense.

I'm 16/male. Pretty average age to be suicidal, right? It's sounds awful to say that, but it's true. Part of the reason I'm feeling so fucked right now is because it seems everybody is. Since the school year started, I've had one "acquaintance" (who I hadn't talked to in two years) kill himself, three other friends attempt it, and three more cut themselves. I don't know why I hang out with these people if they make this seem like commonplace to me, but I digress. New friends would be great, but I've never been much of a social butterfly and that hasn't helped since I've been so... I don't even know the word. Depressed? since the start of the school year.

In late August, I fell in love for the first time. It was with one of the most amazing girls I've ever known (by far the hottest out of our group of freinds), and despite both our faults, it worked. For two days. Those were by far the best two days of my life, and I do not regret having them at all. At the end of the second day, we went to a party together. This girl, let's call her M, got completely trashed, and I got a little to high for my own liking, but that wore off pretty quick. I had never had a girlfriend and she was the second girl I'd even kissed, but I wasn't stupid. We ended up in the host's parents bed room, and ended up making out for a few hours. Apparently I wasn't bad at it. Things progressed, and I realized that M was going to try to fuck me that night. I had to much respect for her and for myself to be able to lose my virginity to a drunk girl that I wasn't even dating, and I had gotten the idea that she was only doing it because she was drunk. Whether or not her only was getting frisky because of the liquor is up for debate, but in my mind I was doing a very scummy thing and had to call it off halfway through, because I was disgusted with myself and couldn't get an erection. M, being a year older than me and far more "experienced", didn't understand what was going through my head, and ended up ending our un-offical "relationship". My friends still give me shit for that. I let my first girl, who was the hottest girl almost any of us knew, slip through my fingers because I *couldn't get hard*. That's not how I see it, but the insults still sting more than they mean them too.

I was heartbroken over that for weeks. On and off we hated each other. Eventually, when we got back to talking, I found out that she started cutting herself again. I knew she had and eating disorder a few years back before we met, and she cut herself around the same time, but it freaked me out. I am very sensitive to cutting, because at the end of 8th grade I had been admitted to the adolescent psychiatric ward of my local hospital. As anyone who has seen those places knows, it's full of suicidal kids who cut and binge and purge and are so amped up on meds some of them can barely talk. I kept it together throughout the entire thing (leading to me release after 11 days, most kids were on there for months), but I had shared rooms with mutilators, seen a girl get sexually assaulted by the hospital police, and saw three people actively try to kill themselves. It definitely had a lasting effect on my psyche, but I kept that mostly buried for as long as I could. Seeing M fall into that same pattern of behavior fucked me over big time. I started becoming an insomniac because of the added stress coupled with everything else I had going on. I just couldn't stand the thought of waking up in the morning and finding out M had killed herself, or was in the hospital for trying to OD, or something along those lines. Between me and Ms mutual friends, I think we had a minor impact on her just by talking. We were unable to get her to get any clinical help, but I did the best I could. I was able to put the thoughts to rest, but not before becoming "that creep who freaks out whenever I do anything" in M's perspective.

I had a few other freinds start doing the same things. I don't know how to cope with it. I don't understand it. I've never had any intention of self-harming, sans suicide. I can't grasp the concept of wanting to cause yourself pain, but that doesn't mean I can't understand trying to escape it.

Because of this episode with M and my other friends, I became an insomniac, as I said before. I had a brief phase where I was beginning to think I might has inherited schizophrenia, because I was extremely paranoid about everything amongst having some thoughts that I just couldn't shake. These included suicide. That eventually passed, and I'm just chalking it up to stress and lack of sleep. However, this greatly impacted my social life, and I forgot how to interact. I'm at the point now where I do not talk at all in school, I have maybe two friends that I see regularly, and I don't know what to say to anyone new. Even if I had an interest in a girl (or guy, I don't even know. 16's a pretty strange time with hormones, too), I wouldn't know what to do with them. I feel like a mute, and I've been thinking recently about stopping talking. I don't know why, but I just feel like it would be a good choice. It feels right. I don't how to interact with my friends any more. I can't think of anything to say, and I don't often want to see anyone.

I'm bored in school. It's not that I don't like learning. Learning is what I excel at, and everything else I'm terrible at in comparison (that's not to say I'm bad at other things; I'm just a fantastic academic learner.) I've set up my schedule to graduate early from highschool by a year. I'm talking a full schedule of straight honors classes, 4 of which are a grade a head, two of which are AP. Learning is what I'm good at, and what I love. But it's too fucking easy. My GPA is something like a 95%. I shouldn't be able to do that. Everyone I talked to told me that this should be difficult. I sleep through class, I do less than an hour of homework most night, I don't study for tests, and I still manage to get straight As. I don't cheat, I do the work, and I'm good at every subject. I'm not challenged. I know for a fact that I could go to class one day a week and be able to get these same grades. My daydreams during class do not consist of leisure, they are about math and science. I have constant thoughts of just walking out of the class, because it is just so much fucking bullshit that I have to sit behind a desk, not paying attention, just because I am told to. I don't know what to do with this, and despite the fact that I should be grateful for my gift, despite the fact that I know it means I'll have a great future, it makes me want to kill myself. It makes me so anxious that I come home at the end of the day just shaking. I feel like I'm a major league baseball player thats playing around with a kindergarten little league team.

I like chemistry, biology, and medicine. Combine those, and you get pharmacology. I like drugs. It's been a hobby (borderline obsession) of mine to just spend a little bit of free time researching drug action. This has been going on for years. I don't know why I do it, but I want to make a career of it. That being said, I've found it hard not to abuse. Especially with this fucking depression, I see that drugs have enormous potential to take away my social anxiety, to take away my depression, to help me excel further in school, and to just be fun. I don't know how many people know that I've experiment with various drugs. I'm getting the feeling that people are beginning to see me as a junkie, and I'm tempted to become one. If I'm so bored in school, I'm thinking that popping a point of MDMA or drinking a bottle of DXM before school will at least entertain me in my own head. I don't give a shit any more about whether or not it effects my life, because I know that I've got my own potential. 

I'm paradoxically motivated. I'm working to get a job, I'm getting straight A's, I'm working hard to get into a good college, I'm working out. I want to kill myself.

I want anti-depressants. I'm smart enough to know that they *can* help, and I might just need that little help a long with some therapy to get me out of this. I don't know if I could just go in to my doctor and ask, or if I'd have to try to kill myself first.

I hate therapists. I've been in a mental hospital, been to various consulers at various ages, and all of them have just made me loathe the entire scene. I've had one guy I ever liked, and he's the same guy my mom see's, but I was only able to schedule on visit. I went in once, tried to email a few times after, and got no response. I don't want clinical help, but I'd do it if I had to.

I haven't spent a day in the past few months where I didn't have a thought about killing myself. At first it was just fleeting, but now it's down to the point where I can't got 6 hours without thinking about for 10 or 20 minutes. I've got a lot of shit going on that's out of my control, and I've broken my options down to suicide, becoming a junkie just to have some fun if nothing else, or running away. I am more than confident that I could do all three with the same ease that I live the life I'm living now. 

I want to know there's another option out there. 

I don't want to hear the "you're life is beautiful, you're a fucking flower in a sea of wonder" bullshit.

I don't know what I'm expecting out of this, but I just want my life back. I want friends, I want to be happy, I don't want school to suck.
