I’m lying to everyone around me.I’m young, I may have so much to live for- sure, my life may well get better, but I don’t think I can keep fighting anymore.


Let’s start at the start.


I was hospitalised last year for an eating disorder. 
I’m now recovered, I stopped therapy because I was pissed off at everyone trying to ‘help’ when they just accused me of faking my recovery.


I lied. My family thinks I’m all happy now, but I’m not. And I don’t know how to tell my mother that I’m not doing well at all.


I get angry from the littlest things. I think of the incident over and over and over and over and over again- there’s no end to it my brain just keeps replaying it until i have to let my anger out on myself or just cry.


But I feel like I’m faking all this pain.
Whenever I call my friends I’m so happy. I forget about everything. I’m just happy . Full of happy. But as soon as the call ends I just want to end all this pain- my head gets filled with anger and sadness and then I feel nothing. Just an empty void inside of me.
Mood swings? am I overreacting?
What the fuck is happening to me.


I can never sleep. I don’t even want to sleep, but then I do, but I also don’t. But then when I try- I cant. Part of me doesn’t sleep for punishment. The other part of me just keeps saying - 5 more minutes , you can sleep in until late afternoon. 
The 5 minutes ends up being 3 hours. 
I wake up late afternoon, get a good 12-15 hours of sleep. 
But I’m still SO tired and empty.
Why do I have to fucking deal with this?



My dad is now a drug addict and he’s never home. He stole money off my mother. 
Whenever he is home, it’s only for 10mins to an hour max. And he’s high.

My family is broke. I don’t want to waste money on therapy when it probably won’t even help.



I failed every class this year. I haven’t checked my report, but I know it will be shit. I barely did any work, instead of working i just cried about it like a bitch.



My life is going nowhere. I cant focus. I cant sleep. My parents are drifting away from each other. My dad is unstable. All my friends are unstable and I cant help a single one. 

So.

In conclusion- 
I will off myself. I made a promise I wouldn’t, but I don’t know if I can keep that promise. 

of course, I won’t off myself today. Or tomorrow. But soon.
I know exactly how I’m going to do it and when the right time is(whenever I’m home alone).
I’ll take drugs just before I die, so the last time I will be alive is when I will be happy.
Thank you if you read this.