I have been planning it for so long it seems surrealMany would say my problems are of the kind that is often labelled to belong to first world. I am a relatively well-off girl in her twenties, fluent in English in addition to her two native languages; I've got a good science degree from abroad, have worked at nice clean jobs, never had to wander looking for food or shelter. Yet, I also grew up in an abusive household, I am a lesbian in a homophobic country, I have nine years of being diagnosed with depression under my belt, and lately I have resorted to cutting myself with razor blades after five years of being clean of that addiction.

I can't really say I don't have a support network. My mother is there for me to ask for help, and in the past couple of months I grew really close to a guy friend of mine — he and his boyfriend started feeling like platonic lovers to me. More than once have I written and called to that friend of mine (who is depressed himself, yet seems to be doing better than I) in the middle of the night, bawling, smoking next to his apartment building, asking for him to just take my belongings and forget me forever while I run far away and vanish.
More than once has he grabbed the blades from my hands and forbidden me to use them. More than once have I promised to him to not do anything stupid — the way he phrases it is if I do, he will be left with a huge hole in his heart.

I don't really know why people around me still grab my arms and don't let me go. I begged for them to not waste their time on me. I guess I am just writing this right now to remind myself how pathetic and annoying I must be.

No amount of therapy helped me so far, and I am not getting better on antidepressants. If you are curious, random redditor, I am due to see a new psychiatrist tomorrow in the afternoon, but something tells me I won't live up to that expectation.

I made a huge load of plans up until the end of December, but I am finally deep enough in my depression to just not care. I never thought my goodbye to the world would be an anonymous post on Reddit.

Sorry for being dramatic. My friends and family used to tease me a lot about this flaw of mine. I'm glad they won't have to deal with it tomorrow.