Impulsive or autopilot-like active suicidal ideationFirst some background:
I've been depressed for the last 10 years, some years were far worse than others. I have wanted to kill myself in the past but except for some incidents several years ago it's mostly it's passive ideation and when I've worked up the courage (and the time "felt right") to try it I've backed off at the moment of truth.
That changed towards the end of last year. Some things happened and they resulted in me cutting almost all ties with all my friends. I really really wanted to kill myself, I just didn't care at all. It didn't take though and I puked everything up in my sleep. I ended up sleeping on that pool of vomit for over a week (by then it was getting covered in mold, including black mold in a container I kind of started to use to clean but quickly gave up on). In those days I ate and drank enough to sustain myself but it took me days to shower and longer to clean it. I fell into a far deeper depression (too depressed to try again) and got sicker than I've ever been in my life (it lasted for like three weeks and ended up in a bronchitis that lasted longer).
Somehow I pulled myself out of it and got back in touch with my friends. I've still felt terrible but they've had issues with suicidal ideation and attempts in the past so I try to avoid letting on that I feel this way (besides, I've convinced myself that I'm in control of it). I also started an SSRI a little over a month ago and have been trying my best to just stay busy.

The reason I'm posting is that lately I've been reaching some sort of breaking point or something. I don't really understand it but part of me does I think -- I don't know exactly. I've had these impulsive urges to just go kill myself like it's the easiest thing in the world and the right thing to do. The first time I had the detailed plan materialize in my head and it felt like the easiest thing in the world, like I'd already done it and I could just act out the movements on autopilot. This was a few weeks ago at university and I ended up staying on campus for a few days until the feeling passed because I felt 100% sure that if I went to go home I wouldn't be able to resist the plan (it involved a detour on the way home). I felt good and terrible and terrified at the same time and I don't know what triggered it. The second time this happened was yesterday (I'm writing this up at 2 am) but it played out differently. This time I recieved some bad (but actually not that bad) news and I initially reacted cordially and felt fine but within 10 minutes of it happening I could feel my emotions boiling up under the surface and I reached out to a friend quickly by text to ask them if they had a moment to talk. Then right after that it was like I just went into autopilot and started walking to a tall building where I could get roof access or jump from a high enough staircase. I could see myself doing this and I could think it through but it was like I wasn't driving and though I felt like I could take control back I kind of just didn't want to. I was inspecting the windows on the tenth floor of a building stairwell when I saw a bunch of poems about how shitty the world is and one about an academic committing suicide by breaking and jumping out of the window. It was so on the nose it just stopped me in my tracks and I managed to sit there until my friend could find me. She took me with her to a mindfulness event that helped and lasted several hours, afterwards we talked about what I'd been going through but I very much got the sense that she didn't want to know anything and wanted me to call a hotline instead. I still told her the major things and she was extremely helpful in helping me get back into my right headspace. I hadn't spoken to anyone about my suicide attempt a few months ago and in general I try to pretend I'm doing great (saying I feel great, or thrilled, and just trying to dissociate and take care of others), but telling my friend about it (even though it was very vague details and I don't think she wanted to know) helped me feel better I think.

So I'm posting here for two reasons.
1: To know if others have had experiences with impulsive autopilot like active suicidal ideation.
2. To vent about it and hopefully feel better to get some of it out. Note: I'm seeing a psychologist and undergoing CBT for anxiety and CPTSD but I haven't mentioned anything about suicide to her (psych) because I thought I had it under control and I'm afraid of how she might react and how it will affect the treatment. I have so much love for my friends but I suffer from a lot of anxiety and self doubt and they have their own issues and traumas as well so talking to them about things like this can be really difficult and has caused nearly friendship-ending fights in the past due to miscommunications and triggers.