Life is terrible 

*rambling  nonsense, talk about my goddamn life, beware. I'll probably delete this  post. Will decide later. Excuse my grammar and some language butchering. originally posted onn* r/self

At  least that's what I see everywhere around me. Starting with my own  family. My mother is unhappy with her life she has put her life at risk  at least twice, she cries to the point of getting to a state of shock  and the rest of the time she pretends she doesn't care and goes out to  forget and enjoy despite everything and everyone. She's had it rough  growing up with her father dying from a brain injury for working as a  Boxer to barely bring food to the table, she was responsible for her 6  brothers and sister, she was going to marry someone she loved but left  her  in the  altar, she later married for real years later only because  of "female" peer pressure with a man that that she only knew as a  coworker, they didn't date, just straight up marry. Later in she had me  and my brother just barely since she was getting old by that time.  Worked her ass out to get us to a good school but she had to abandon us  and sometimes she would get mad and hit us for not getting good degrees.  She doesn't remember anything about it.

My  father. Just yesterday he was puking in the bathroom for so much  alcohol. He's a good man but he's fucked up. Doesn't talk much about his  past but I know he lived in even more poverty that my mother. One day  he said he and his family had a patch of terrain were they lived in a  makeshift room made of metal sheets and wood planks, their bathroom was a  hole in the ground and he sometimes had to look for food in the trash.  He never knew his father. He saw once a man get his throat sliced and  killed in front of him. He has incredible luck in general, which I don't  really know what to think about. He likes cartoons and old black and  white movies with a famous comedian here in my country, is not  interested in watching much else, which would be good but it has  affected how he interacts with the world (?). This one is hard to  explain but if you have ever seen Back to the Future, the first scene  where Marty is having dinner with his family; or in The Simpsons where  Bart writes something in the back of  Homer's head and he wants to see  what it says and cannot see, starts spinning around, everyone laughing,  until they realize is not funny anymore and instead is just sad. Well  that. The feeling of everyone knowing what he cannot see, the  uselessness of doing anything because nothing can be done or said, the  embarrassment. Because it doesn't just stays as something that he likes,  he acts it out in real life like his life is a comedy... Anyway, he is  overweight, alcoholic and always has had suicidal ideation because he  never has enough money, mostly, even if we now live good enough thanks  to their efforts but when he was working and earning good money he never  saved a cent and now what the pension gives him is just enough. He  doesn't have family and the ones that last are terrible people that has  gone to jail and normally just come to him for money. He would invite  them sometimes and show off what he has to them. Nothing to be worried  about. He has never physically touched me, as in grab hands to even pass  coins to buy something, or hug.

My  brother. At some point he just stopped talking to me. I don't know why  but I feel like he considers me an annoyance even if I barely talk to  him. And maybe he's right. Just like me he just wants to get out of the  house as soon as possible but cannot make enough money to sustain  himself, same like me. He's a big fellow. He was bullied in school for  that of course. At some point he became a bully himself, which made him  an aggressive person in general. He's always been someone very distant.  Once or twice I've physically hurt him in fits of anger. He's sexist  too. We had to saved him from a kidnapping with gun in hands. He has  destroyed 2 or our cars, never played a cent for it. To what he thinks I  don't know. I don't know him that well even when I see him daily and  lives with us.

My uncles and aunts all  are in terrible condition. One has had cancer treatment but she cannot  move or eat normally because of the same treatment, they "burned" and  destroyed her to try to cure her, no shady methods or anything, it's  just how the treatment goes. Another appears to have a good successful  life but his daughter hates him, she studied hard to be psychologist and  is working as a kinder teacher barely making it. Her daughter's  daughter ran away from her home because they fought too much and is  working as a nurse, his son was schizophrenic and  died hit by a truck,  his spouse died a month  later of sadness. The aunt I wrote about, her  daughter has a child with autism that, and it's going to sound terrible  but it's true, came to ruin their already broken family. Her husband is  struggling with stress, it caused half of his face to get paralyzed  and doctors told him "don't get stressed of your face will fell off", or  something to that effect. Another one is a complete sociopath. The  story goes that He burned the cat of one of my other aunts alive and  laughed as it was running in pain. Why he did it? Because he was jealous  of it. Once it died he cooked it and gave it to my aunt to eat it not  knowing it was her own cat. My friend. He is unhappy with his marriage.  Married only because of social pressure. His friend, she had a tumor on  her brain and is now paralyzed. I could tell you about my coworkers or  just anyone and they are not good. Even my own cat, I rescued it from  the garbage where someone had thrown her away in a bag.

Me.  Well... as far as things that had happened to me I'm "lucky" to be  alive, at least 4 times lucky. As I posted in other occasions I still  find really funny and terrible/scary that I know what human flesh taste  like because of a real life Sweeney Todd like person from whom I used to  bought food not knowing why they tasted so good... at least. For a time  I saw my grandfather, adoptive father of my father, go from being  healthy to have help his second wife to carry his pretty much skeletal  body to bath him in a small tube. He was easy to carry since he was so  light. They tried to do everything to cure him, he wanted to live. My  grandmother died a slow violent death too. In her bed but it looked to  me like one of her organs finally exploded and she vomited blood until  she passed out cold. My father wasn't present, he didn't wanted to see.  I'm a bag of mental issues. Thanks to my parents I don't lack anything  material, but I'm a piece of shit because I'm fucking old and I can't  get a decent job even with my studies because i can't talk to people.  I'm pathetic. I don't share my feelings or thoughts to anyone. I'm  quite. I like to listen. And people talk to me.

All  people around me are sad or crazy, they are barely living, have  terrible things happen to them with lasting effects. Even if many of us  are living, working, some in the city, some in other places, some with  money and all commodities, some joining some kind of mafia; we are all  not ok in the slightest. Some will try to be like "well there's a lot to  be happy about", "I'm grateful for what I still have", " things will  get better"... I'm not sure about that. I respect their view point  but... Reality is kind of shitty. And, well, they don't really believe  themselves because it hurts them and prefer to not think about it  telling themselves otherwise. It's so hard. It's so much bullshit. And  it's normal. It's so... OK. It's just how it is. The world is beautiful  but living it is a coin toss.

No matter  what you do, no matter what you try, no matter who you are; something is  there to get you and make everything fall apart.

There's  nothing you can trust. Not even morally. If it's not you it's the  neighbor or... nature that wants to kill you. There's nothing else you  can do but to just be yourself, whatever that implies. Because you will  end up being just another story. Good or bad, terrible or endearing; it  doesn't matter.

Why are we even here but to delude ourselves into thinking there's some meaning to our suffering. *Why are we here... Just to suffer* (haha! Aaahhhh... What an idiot). We just keep going and we don't know why.

I  don't know if I should just let myself go, you know? Abandon everything  and just enjoy what I have right now without any kind of worry. Ran out  of money, be happy and then die early by my own hand. It's just another  story among others after all, is not even going to be half of what  anyone is going to remember. So bad that not everyone agrees and I  wouldn't like to hurt anyone... I could very well do the same as  everyone. Get drunk, go party, tell everyone to fuck off even if they  don't deserve it, do whatever I need to be functional, do an oopsie  every now and then and shrugged it off. But I care too much.

Who knows. In the end why would it matter.