Everything is going wrong 19/fI've posted on here months ago, and I truly thought I had gotten everything together. But it's all falling apart now. If you read my last posts this might make more sense. But basically, I'm a college student who's too broke to pay for school and my crippling depression prevented me from getting grades good enough to apply for scholarships. I got a lot better. I found friends who made me feel welcome and like a family. They made me feel safe and wanted and I finally had the support I needed to really push myself to get better. I also fell in love. I met an amazing boy who motivated me to no end and would never let me make excuses. He's kind and intelligent and would always know how to make me feel amazing. Everything was going pretty well, minus a few setbacks related to loneliness at home during the summer and panic attacks from the stress of school. But it all ended recently. I was sexually assaulted on the metro near my school and I was devastated. I tried to forget about it and pretend it never happened to try and move on, and lied to all my friends and my SO. Because of this, I felt extreme guilt and I couldn't explain to my SO why I felt so awful all the time and in a moment of impulsive depression, I ended things with him. I instantly regretted it and tried to make up some excuse to explain why I did it, but he wouldn't take me back- only as a friend. This was heartbreaking but I realized I couldn't be mad since my dishonesty caused the problem and my issues before hand had only caused this to be the breaking point for him. About a week later I explained to him that I was sexually assaulted and that was why I did what I did and though he was very sympathetic and understanding, he still refused to be anything more than friends, which though I accepted, still broke my heart. I have been doing better with accepting the end of our relationship and have been doing fairly well moving on, so this isn't a huge aspect of my problem. The real issue lies in my financial situation. Though I am lucky enough to attend a university, I cannot afford it and my parents are unwilling/unable to provide assistance. I work 2 jobs to try and pay for it but it's not enough, I can barely pay for food and books with what I make. I have my tuition bill due this month and I'm forced to rely on the money of a stranger in exchange for a "relationship." I don't want to follow through with it and I'm scared I'll be hurt again like I was before. I have no one to talk to about this and I feel so lost and insecure. I just feel as if all the progress I have made means nothing and that I'm beginning to lose everything that matters in my life. Though I still have my family, my friends and my health, I no longer have the one I am in love with, my dignity or my sanity. I am spreading myself so thin I don't think I can make it and I can't handle the stress or fear anymore. I'm tired of being paranoid of every man I see and feeling so broken up over ruining my relationship because I couldn't handle the truth. I can't go through with having sex with this strange man for money, but I have to because I need to stay in school and it's the only way I can pay for it. All I can think about is how nice it would be to just be gone so I never have to feel this way again, and so I can be at peace, instead of in fear and depressed. Please I need help. I don't know what to do