Breaking down Walls ( in Therapy)Okay - so this is my Situation , I'll try to make this as understandable as possible.

Im an 18 year old female , have quite a long history of emotional/psychological abuse from my father , teachers and classmates.
besides that i moved loads as a kid.

I've also had my share of traumatic/scarring encounters of a sexual nature when i was young , which led me to form unhealthy boundries when it came to sex , even bleeding into normal relationships to male friends.

because of this I've developed a severe disconnect between the way i think it is appropriate to feel , and how i do feel.

It's gotten to a point where i cannot tell you if how im reacting is "self-conditioning" or my actual feelings.
I learned early on in my life that emotions can be highly discrutive and hurtful.
( my father was unpredictable in that regard , emotionally cold and disassociated or incredibly personal , either suddenly loving and charming or hateful and angry)
So i guess thats where i learned it.

btw: I live with my mother and step-father now after they divorced , I also have a good relationship to my older brother who lives on his own now.

I eventially (after years of suicidal thoughts , self-harm and generally fucked up shit happening in my head and life)

i finally decided to get professional help.

i was diagnosed with moderate-severe depression in the first couple of months , my therapist is quite sure thats not all though.

But , the more i get through to myself , the more i hate with a passion what ive been trying to regulate my entire life , obsessively.

I have flashes of violence- once or twice every 2 weeks.
 It started as creepy images , almost funny sometimes.
but recently it has escelated into full seconds-long video clips of strangers being tortured , maimed and killed.
with sound and everything , and no matter what i do , nothing helps , i can only wait for it to stop.

im not involved in any way with the torture , i am just forced to watch it happen.
there is a lot more symptoms and wierd bits.
but this is already long so-


tldr:

-Shitty past
-therapy 
-the horror continues in a clipshow in my brain starring strangers.
-I thought i was doing alright , but the more i uncover , the crazier i feel.

i feel like im just waiting for someone to finally give me that final push to jump off of a brudge to be honest.

thoughts? help? 
hit me.
