Autistic and gay man forced into "real life"From the moment I was born into this world, I was suffering. The biggest trauma I've ever experienced in life was exclusion and rejection as that is basically my life story. I first and foremost could never really relate to other people because of my autism and people always used me as the scapegoat for almost everything, including my own family(not blaming them). I don't even want to talk about the bullying that I've experienced throughout my life, but I've been bullied from most of my peers throughout my life. Lately I've realized that I'm not only autistic but also gay. I've tried having intercourse with women a couple of times in my life by the few women who were willing to do that, but I could hardly get an erection only to realize that it's because I like other guys and don't like girls in a sexual way. I'm a closeted gay as I don't come from a family where homosexuality is seen very positive nor would it benefit me in any way to come out as I don't even seek sexual relations. The only people who ever had sympathy for me were people who pitied and felt bad for me. 

I've now come to the age where I have to go to college to get a degree so I can go out and find a job that I don't even like to work for the rest of my life. I know that I will never be with a woman because of my sexuality, I'll never have a wife nor kids, nor would I want to spread my genes, and I don't even see the reason to stay alive anymore. I have worked different jobs as my autism is the high-functioning kind, but they drain me so much faster than they do with non-autistic people. And I have zero motivation to start studying anything. I know nothing about life the same way neurotypicals do, and the only thing that I still have that people value is my youth. When my youth is gone, I'll be the creepy man that nobody wants to talk to. I've had some friends in high school, but they're all memories now, and I know I'll never make friends  again as I'm just a shadow of myself now. And I'm a burden to my aging family, who are the only people I mean something to. I haven't been an easy child to raise nor am I easy to have around as an adult.

I've been suicidal on and off since childhood, but this time I feel there's no hope. I'm still young, however, as an adult you don't get the sympathy and support you got when you were younger, and I'm only getting older. I've been suffering so much, and I look and feel older than I really am. I think what has kept me alive all this time was the thought of leaving my family behind, but I feel that if something drastic doesn't happen, I'm gonna find a way to end it very soon.