I thought being intimate with someone would solve all my problemsI used to think about killing myself every night.  I would lie down in bed and begin thinking about my deepest insecurity-- my crushing and all-encompassing loneliness.  My inability to connect with anyone on an emotional level seemed at once irreparable and impossible to get over.

The only way I could see out of this amalgam of sadness and helplessness seemed, naturally, suicide.  I was so devastatingly broken that with each passing day my pit of solitude grew ever deeper as I slowly lost any remnant of a capacity to connect with someone.

I never really got close to doing it.  Every time I thought seriously about it, my mind would drift to my loving parents and grandparents who sacrificed so much and wanted only to see me happy.  But the thought of it, just the idea that it was possible, that there was an escape, numbed the pain a tiny bit.

It became so commonplace that I would find myself rubbing my wrists, whispering the words "I'm going to cut my wrists," without even realizing it.  It was my natural reaction to sad thoughts.  I was stuck in this rut for 3 years straight.

Then, one day, I met a girl.  Actually, I already knew her.  But we went out for a drink and long story short, she was in my bed that night.  She fell asleep before me and I lay, her arms around me, staring at the ceiling with a big grin on my face.  It didn't seem real.. I had literally had dreams about this so many times that I had to keep reminding myself that it was really happening.  I was so happy...

And then I wasn't.  A few minutes later, lost in thought... "I'm going to cut my wrists."  Rubbing.  I caught myself... "What the fuck?"  I convinced myself it was just force of habit, muscle memory from so many nights of repetition.  I even found some morbid humor in it.

Well it's been a month.  She's my girlfriend now.  She's sweet, fun, caring, affectionate, and quite attractive.  Everything I ever wanted, beyond what I ever thought I could get.

And still... every night... "I'm going to cut my wrists."

what the fuck is wrong with me?

Wow that was long.  Felt good to write though.  Never spoken about any of that to anybody, even online.

tl;dr: Idly fantasized about killing myself every night for years because I was so lonely.  have a wonderful girlfriend who sleeps in my bed every night.  Still fantasize about killing myself...