If the Mormons are right and they get to go build planets and stuff, at least I have Sim City.INCLUDES SUICIDE, MORMONS, DRUGS, TERRORISM, AND SEXUAL EXPERIMENTATION TOPICS. This is my life story so you should probably leave now.
Despite that all caps warning, I assure you: I am not a terrorist, no longer consider myself a mormon, done with experimenting and am straight, and am only mildly off-and-on considering suicide, and I am drunk.

*Mods: feel free to move this wherever if more appropriate. /exmormon, /suicidewatch /foreveralone, whatev

Hello,
Just as a quick intro, I just wrote this up for no reason and then decided it was internet/novel ready. It's pretty long... Please ignore spelling and grammar errors. I am drunk.
I was originally going to put this on a mormon board and maybe it belongs there, but I'm plastered right now and suicide seems better, so pretend like you're a mormon to read this. Or if you just want a quick laugh, skip to the last line.
Anyway, I was born and raised a Mormon. I know everything about them and have nothing against them. It's a great religion if it happens to be a good fit for you. However I hate their EXTREME recruiting and retention tactics and despite my best efforts, I can't leave and it has cause me great mental stress to the point of near insanity and suicide. I consider myself agnostic now, but Mormonism is where my family roots are and I can't afford to leave, physically or mentally.

Before you read this and decide I'm a bad person, I have improved greatly since my lowest point in my ethics, morals, and substance abuse, though I am still having life-threatening issues with depression and anxiety. All I want to do with my life is to help people and live in a good enough manner that no matter what happens after death, I'll finally have a chance at being content and actually experiencing the true "joy" that you hear about at church all the time. Money doesn't matter to me, things don't matter to me. I treat everybody with respect and love and I just don't understand why many people can't see the logic of the golden rule. To me, it's just common sense.
The acts of terror and war in our world lately hurt me on a level that it seems fewer and fewer people can fathom. I am empathetic to the individual who is killed in these attacks wondering why somebody would kill just to make an example. I am also empathetic to the martyrs, murderers, or terrorists who were perhaps mislead to believe that killing imperialist Americans (or any other country that suffers from this) is the way to heaven and shows their absolute comradery and brotherhood to the religious group that took them in and gave them purpose. Whether or not they second guess their decision, everyone else sees it as a call to arms to initiate more violence. No teachings, even radical Islam, tell people to kill those who they don't agree with. They may idealize martyrdom, but not murder. The theory that I believe most accurately describes terrorism and why this happens is that they consider the US and other large Western-Culture civilizations as oppressive "Empires" that are infringing on their god-given stake of the holy land. They want our troops out. And if that happened, they might feel appeased, but that opens the way for dictators and governments that the rest of the world believe should not exist. It's a circle of evil that cannot be stopped (except for maybe genocide, and that usually doesn't work out too well for anybody). It's the beliefs of our forefathers vs. the beliefs of their children.
In short, I just don't understand why one person would ever even consider hurting another person. I often get existential and ask myself what difference it makes when death and the unknown beyond is imminent anyway. The radical few for some reason need kill those of us that just want to be left alone. What's different about them that makes them feel justified in killing (even if they have a "cause"), while I feel bad just stepping on a bug.
I hope that made sense. Did I mention I was drunk?

Now that you know how I think, I'll tell you my story.

I was born and raised in the most Mormon neighborhood you can imagine. My high-school was probably 90% Mormon and Mormon culture was all I ever knew. My mother and her entire family are as Mormon as you get and my father is also very Mormon (though a convert). My siblings all have their own problems, but remain mostly active anyway. Out of all of them, I'm the oddball; the problem child. My family loves me and I love them, but religion often gets in the way of this. I often feel like their love is conditional, while I try to love them unconditionally. (That reminds me: Get a dog. Might prevent suicide.)

I was the epitome of good mormon boys until my early teens and puberty. Because of the church and my parent's policy of complete abstinence of sex and even talking about it (except the single, half-assed warning my father gave me once that masturbating was evil, not that I knew what that was.), I gained some very incorrect beliefs about sex and morals in general. The first time I accidentally masturbated, I knew I was going to hell and physically and mentally punished myself about it by sleeping on the ground for weeks and mentally destroying what little self esteem I was developing. I never told anybody anything and prayed to god for repentance and wished that I could take it back. A few months later, a similar topic came up while I was talking with one of my older brothers and he actually let me know what was going on. I relaxed a bit and actually got comfortable enough that did it on purpose occasionally while still doing everything right (pretty dang common for even Mormon boys I'm guessing), though there was "that seed of darkness" planted in my mind because of my misunderstanding and unnatural sexual experiences. My mom also got me on some overly-intense SSRIs because I was a little depressed and questioning my beliefs when I was probably around 14 or 15. The side effects destroyed me. I never developed a normal sex drive, which has now lead to some unnatural fetishes and extreme social anxiety. I have never had a girlfriend and I don't think it's possible for me to ever have a wife and family, even though I think I would really like to.

Fast forward a couple of years until I'm 18, graduating seminary, attending temple/mission prep courses, and eager to go on a mission to experience another culture. In the back of my mind though, I realize that I've never really had a "Spiritual Experience", and I have many doubts and questions. I won't go into too much detail about those, but they were (and still are) your basic ones about polygamy, African Americans/Woman and the priesthood, why these things change if god is unchanging, etc, etc. How do people just have absolute faith about these things? The winners of wars write the history books, so I always take what I learn with a grain of salt unless I experience it for myself. I read the scriptures and book of mormon critically, and find a lot of it incredible, but a lot of it is also insane.
Everyone says that if you ask with enough faith for a spiritual experience, you will receive one... But the mind is a complex thing and if I ask with enough faith for a sandwich, my mind will make me think I got one. Perception is relative and makes up your own unique reality, and now I have a sandwich and you don't!

I knew that I wouldn't be going on a mission for myself, but for my parents. Plus there were still those misunderstandings and "things" that the church would be completely horrified of. I decide to start college before putting in my mission papers, just to prolong the decision, and my parents seemed ok with it. But when the semester ended and the reminders got more and more frequent, I completely lost it, packed up everything I owned, and move into a crummy 2 bedroom apartment in a bad part of town with 2 questionable acquaintances from high school. I had a temporary job that barely paid for my car expenses, rent, bills, and tuition... as long as I didn't eat and dug into my entire life's savings. My parents were kind enough to not cut me off completely even though they were devistated. They let me stay on their insurance so I could keep my meds and hopefully not get into too much trouble. By that time, I had probably been on every SSRI, SNRI, SSNRI, atypical antidepressant and antipsychotic known to man, plus several Benzodiazapines in order to keep me sane enough to stay in school even though in hindsight, they were doing more harm than good. By the way, despite all this crap, I found out that I'm sort of a genius and did amazingly well in school. As of writing this, I have several associates degrees, a (very close to) bachelors degree, a great GPA, fantastic references, and a promising future with likely any grad school I want.

Anyway, It was around that time when I moved out that I went completely insane, trying everything to figure out my identity. I tried being bi and gay (because of the meds and no libido, I had no interest in girls) with a lot of unmentionable things going on in that apartment (though I am proud to say that in the back of my mind, I couldn't shake 'the Straight' and so no ummm... penetration... ever happened... though everything else did. I'm doing pretty good at blocking out that year entirely from my mind). There was also rampant substance abuse. I mean everything. And a lot of it. I'm extremely lucky to be alive. There was a lot of random use of cigarettes, marijuana, Extacy, LSD, Meth, ketamine, perscription drugs, hard liquor, beer, and combinations of many of those (which often lead to the permiscuous behavior above). I never really liked alcohol or smoking, so I was the pill popper of our group, sometimes taking doses that would kill anybody with no tolerance and would cost several hundred dollars for one weekend. I slowly got more and more into debt, had to refinance my car, and eventually had a falling out with my roommates (one of which considered himself my 'boyfriend' even though the feeling was not mutual. I decided I wasn't gay right about when he decided he was). Throughout all of this, my parents never found out about any of it because I didn't talk to them that often. I was also never caught by the authorities amazingly, despite some drug deals going horribly wrong. I've been beat, had weapons pulled on me, and have lost thousands of dollars, but that was common where I was living and I couldn't stop. It would have probably been good for me to be caught, but I was able to stay in school and at least progress academically.

The only place for me to go when this was all over was back home to my amazing parents who took me back and never pressed too much about my time away. They just laid down the basic ground rules about no drugs and alcohol (they suspected some of that happened), the importance of staying in school (even though that has always been important to me), work and chores, etc. This was also about the time some of my high school friends were coming home from their missions, so I even started going to church when invited and paying tithing again.

That brings us to the present, several years later. I have seen the right doctors and am on the medication that is (mostly) right for me. I'm doing great in school. I have a great family and support system. My old life is practically gone and if you saw me, you wouldn't be able to tell I was ever anything but a good Mormon boy. I completely understand how lucky I am and how good I've got it, but every second I live is hell. Something is wrong in my brain. I understand the concepts of brain plasticity and who knows, I could probably recover. But it would take a drastic change. Drastic enough that I think it would be impossible.
Every time I join my parents for church and someone mentions an eternal family, I see my mom cringe. One of my older brothers had a baby recently and I know it kills my parents that I'm not going to be able to be part of the blessing. We have a stack of men's babtisms-for-the-dead-cards that need to be done that I can't do (and I think my mom isn't letting anyone else do them, just in case). Every once in a while somebody will sneakily say that it isn't too late for me to serve a mission or go on a date, but how can I preach something I don't believe, or mislead a girl into liking a scumbag.

I try not to get mad... I'm not against the church and am fine talking about it without getting defensive, but I'm feeling worse every day. I'm having more and more catatonic depressive days where nothing gets done. My anxiety is out of control whenever I do have to do something. I have frequent breakdowns, especially around finals. My "friends" from high school that went on missions don't understand and I haven't seen them in months. I don't really have friends anymore. The only thing I have going for me is my schooling and decent intelligence. If I could get a handle on things, I could make a difference in the world and do some great things, but I dont... I've recently turned back to some of the drugs after a year or so of being clean (with no help). They're the only things that make me feel like I'm worth anything. I know it may be a paradox that it's because of drugs that I feel worthless in the first place, but I would rather have some great highs and terrible lows than a constant low.

I have to get out of here. I need to leave these circumstances. I have at least a year of school left so I can't follow up on what would be my optimal choice and go far, far away to graduate school. But I believe I would fail at that anyway because of my mental health and drug issues. I just finished up the temp job thats been funding everything for the last 3 years, so now, I am completely reliant on my family for everything. The only way to leave is to leave for good and hope that what's after this life is better. I have all the drugs I need to make it pleasant, and I know enough about them to make sure it works. Enough beer, Vodka, xanax, and Klonopin is enough for Allosteric Modification of GABA-A Receptors to allow the Medulla to shut down, and maybe I'd get some E and Ice to make it fun. I wouldn't do it to make anybody sad or to show them how much they miss me. I am just sick of being miserable every day. And if your response to that is to just "change your attitude!", or "force yourself to laugh!", then just shut the fuck up. If "it always gets better", then why has it always gotten worse. I may look ok on the outside, but I'm broken beyond repair on the inside.

I've been to enough counselors and therapists to know that an internet message board isn't going to help, so I probably won't be back to check this. It's a throw away account anyway with a password that I already forgot. I'll admit I'm pretty wimpy and probably won't do anything rash right away, hell I'll probably never really commit suicide, but I wouldn't be that disappointed if I accidentally OD'd on something. I just felt closer to it tonight than ever and wanted to write down why.

I just like, need another beer (That Apple Red stuff... Delicious), a dog, and a basement apartment with a backyard. Then suicide wouldn't seem better than life. Did I mention I'm drunk? on beer?

If there is a god and an afterlife, I hope I'm judged based on intentions and values rather than circumstances and actions.

And if the Mormons are right and they get to go build planets and stuff, at least I have Sim City.