I gave up on life because I’m Ugly...- [ ] I’m Male 182cm tall (1cm under 6ft) long legs short torso  lanky slim body  framed and pale with a receding hairline so yea I’m fucked when it comes to looks. I’m a kissless virgin aged 30. When I was younger I was small faced in proportion to my body so it was fine. Now I’m older my head is now too big for my body. .And now more than ever I  noticed over time I get stared at like iv got 3 heads and treated poorly by mostly girls  and it’s because I’m ugly. Every night getting drunk alone. I don’t leave the house and havnt since 2015 except for 6 hours a week to work at a football  stadium as somebody there to help (a steward) . I used to enjoy it and it made me excited to go out and do something . but other times it’s not easy on my mental health as sometimes ppl stare at me for longer than normal and not look away and it’s 99% girls who do this (no it’s not the good kind of stares I’m 100% sure)  one night one girl in a queue stared at me facially then grimaced me down and she was like 4ft. , I always get picked for the shitty jobs (part of being ugly) Last week some young guy walked past me stared at me walking past it was obvious what he was thinking with a disgusted look on his face. Another higher up authority young guy there always stares at me a lot  and I assume it because I’m ugly (I once overheard him refer to me as a ‘creature’ to his friend) he stares at every shift and he’s nothing special either but when he’s when he’s talked to me he’s seemed nice and friendly with me. I now have to wear a beanie and a snood to cover myself up and guess what? The stares stopped. Being stared down because I’m tall and slim happens so often too it’s made me develop an eating disorder and now my face has gotten fat. I don’t ever wanna leave the house Just last week I was at work at that stadium job around a lot of people  and a girl and her dad was standing drinking and the girl looked at me with a blank glare (I only stared back because I thought she needed help with something as that’s what I’m there for) and she looked back up to her dad with a disgusted look on her face and said ‘ewwwwww god no’ (I lipread her) it was ok for her as she had tons of makeup on like it was a mask covering her face tho but was quick to judge? I mean cmon I leave the house for the first time in 3 months and then that happened 2 hours in to a shift? I mean cmon can I get a break. My dad said to me a few months ago ‘it bothers me that youv never had the love of a good woman, it’s a crying shame, it must bother you’ and I just shrugged and said ‘I’m too ugly’ which I am. I wake up every morning with suicidal thoughts crying and replaying the ppl calling me ugly over and over again in my head. I never knew being ugly would make life so difficult. I can’t have a life as much as I want to because I’ll just get bullied and treated like shit. Especially by girls who can fraud their faces with makeup and won’t leave the house without it on but judge me because I’m ugly. I have bad depression because of my looks too so it’s difficult to not look very tired and pale too. I spend every birthday and Xmas alone and it’s because I’m ugly, whoever said personality matters more eh? And I’m sick and  tired of trying to help someone when it’s a women and they’re always snotty and dismissive I take it personally everytime. Thats the most painful thing, when a women will be cold towards me even when iv not done or said anything wrong but will open up to the attractive guys even if he’s being a complete douche.  in the years around 2012-2015  I worked in a nice bar in a good posh area and had confidence and a good life good friends and a gorgeous girl I worked with had a crush on me and let me know. I was less ugly then. I was thinner and younger faced and now I don’t Leave the house and get very lonely. but she will be the only girl who will ever like me.