I feel like I should post this here too. (x-post /r/breakups). I am so desperate and I need help.My boyfriend and I of three years broke up last night. No, strike that, he broke up with me. Out of no where it seems. He'd been acting weird this week. I asked him if everything was okay, and why he's been so distant this week. His response? "I don't feel like putting up effort. I'm done with you." Three fucking years, and I get a text that says that. And nothing more.

This was a Wednesday night and just the Sunday before we had spent the day together. It was great, we had a lot of fun, we ended the night with good night kisses. He said "I love you so much."

We were planning on moving in together this summer. How can this happen? I'm so confused. He was my everything. I know that's pathetic. He was my first everything. I really don't have a lot of friends. I moved to a new town when I met him (not for him, just coincidence) and my friends have all moved away for school and I've been having troubles meeting new people. So I'd spent all my time with him. I'm really shy, I don't know how to make new friends. And to top it off my depression had held me back. Well now what?? Now it's worse. I can' feel myself spiraling down and it's been less then 12 hours. I want to kill myself. I don't know what to do, I want him back. I want more than "I don't feel like putting up effort, I'm done with you."

Help. I don't even know how or what help I want. I'm so crushed. I loved him. I still love him. How can he just stop loving me? We weren't fighting. We barely fight. The sex was good, he always told me it was. He had never complained of boredom before. He was putting pressure on me to live together. It was going to happen in a couple months. Wtf. I'm so confused. I've been up all night crying. I slept for four hours because I took a couple sleeping pills. Then I fucking woke up crying. I need him. Why and how could he do this to someone he loves so much? I'm so confused he won't answer me. I don't want to smother him, so I haven't said much to him since then.

I hate being alone. I know how to be alone. I have my hobbies and stuff but it's not enough. I want him. I need him. Things were so good. I don't understand. I'm just so upset I want this hurt to go away. I want to stop crying, I'm making myself throw up from crying so hard. How do I handle this????? I can't just go out with the girls because I really don't have friends. My hobbies all remind me of him. I feel too depressed to exercise. None of my hobbies even seem fun anymore. Help. I'm scared and want to die. Help.

TL;DR: Boyfriend [25] of three years broke up with me [F, 21] last night seemingly out of the blue. Things were so good. I'm confused and not coping well at all. Help me. I don't know how but help.
