If I lose my place to stay I feel like I might kill myselfI'm staying in a house that is being rented out by my boyfriend's mother who worked out something with her friend in which me &amp; him are suppose to buy this house with inheritance he recieves when he turns thirty. Me and him had a baby April and things have not been great. He has substance abuse issues and our problems climaxed during an awful morning where I lost to keys to the car and he punched me several times while I was holding our baby, leaving massive bruises all over my back. He stopped, apoligized and I found the keys, he left for the store and I called the cops and even though I know I did right(?) I feel guilty and sick about it but I was so terrified of him in the moment. And because he violated his probation (several times, not just during this situation) he'll be back in prison for 2 and 1/2 years.

I'm so fucking lonely, my life already felt like a disaster before this. I might have to leave this house in December. My boyfriend's mother is a wonderful person but I can't afford this house and I can't expect her to pay for me to stay here, I accept that. But I fucking failed, I haven't worked in years, I feel at lose at to what I'm to do. I can't afford a babysitter so I don't even know how to go about finding work. I'm in school but I just feel so empty. I paint and I've thought about selling some stuff, and I'm working that route but I hate my artwork, I hate myself honestly.

Everyday. Get up. Do what everyone surrounding me needs me to do. Drink. Sleep. Repeat. I'm good at hiding depression but my life has just culminated into this exhausting mess that I don't have any motivation to deal with. 

I'm scared all the time, of people, of meeting expectations. I'm cynical, broke, and socially inept and just thinking about how relieving it would be to not have to deal with my head and thoughts anymore.

I use to think I never would commit suicide because I have kids but god fuck it feels so fucking tempting sometimes and I am so tired.



&amp;#x200B;