My mother is planning on killing herself.My mom got caught performing low-level fraud (less than $3000 over 15 years). She's set to be arrested this Friday and has informed me that she will *not* be arrested. I gradually realized she meant that she planned to kill herself before the arraignment date. I asked her point blank are you planning on killing yourself, and she explained that she was. She's going to overdose on her medication. She's been working the last couple of days on putting all her papers in order - I got tipped off when she set me up as the legacy contact for her facebook.

She seems incredibly serious to me, although I have to say I can't comprehend wanting to kill yourself rather than face the shame of being arrested for such a petty crime. Nonetheless, I don't think she's bluffing. She's never threatened anything like this before.

She also claims to be terminally sick. She's not intentionally lying (I don't think) but she's also a bit of a hypochondriac, so she could simply be wrong. She also believes she has a duty to shield as much as possible (and hates to say bad news aloud), so her responses would be the same whether or not she had an actual diagnosis. 

Personally, I'm not entirely sure I want to stop her. No one depends on her, she won't be leaving anyone who needs her. We live 6 hours apart, I can't be there to watch her every hour of every day, and I don't have the money to afford to have someone actively preventing something she's committed to. 

Other than a massive aversion to shame, she's otherwise sane. Being committed would be torturous for her - worse than being arrested I believe, and while the worst possible sentence maxes at 4 years I can't imagine her ever being free again if I start down the mental health path. 

Basically - where I am, I'm actually accepting of her decision and I'm hesitant to move heaven and earth to try to stop her. 

1) I don't think she'll ever not be a suicide risk for the rest of her life.

2) I don't see much hope for her quality of life from this point onward regardless of what steps anyone takes.


Am I wrong? What can I/should I do?


