Re-evaluating my futureIm 36! I should know better

A month ago, my "girlfriend" dumped me. She's 27, so quite a bit younger than me. My friends had never been overly welcoming to her as i live in nerdy tech geek circles and she is more of a social sort, who cares for the world rather than for money. Anyway, a few months ago, she made lots of new friends closer to her age, and starting going out. Then out of the blue one day, she ditched me saying that she can't be with me and that she wants to go out 4 nights a week, partying, taking molly and dressing slutty and that she can not be with me as drugs are powerful and she can't be responsible if she has sex with other men. At the same time, my own life became more and more consumed by work to the point where there is little else left of me (not out of my choice, but out of pressure)

Anyway... needless to say, this was the most devastating thing that's ever happened to me and i'm coping less than well. We had been dreaming of marriage and life together so, she was very much a part of my future and the only person who cared about me, although i never really treated her the way i should have...e.g we'd only see each other every few weeks and when i was alone, i'd look online at tinder and other sites either pursuing sex (i never followed through on those though).

The person i am now is a total fuckup who has only ever felt the love of a relationship once, but has now ended with such pain. This has been a catalyst for me to look back at my life now and in trying to see a future for myself, I came to the conclusion that everything in my world needs to change. I noted down lots of my past behaviours, all things that i've known i've been doing, but never acknowldeged, my highs my lows, my crutches that i use to get through life. Suddenly, im coming to the realisation, that perhaps i'm mentally ill, perhaps my entire fuck-up of a life isn't me being the worst person in the world, but actually almost out of my control.

Anyway. I'm trying to get through one day at a time right now. Thinking of the future only leaves me longing for death, but thinking about the next day or two allows me to focus on doing something that can help me rebuild after so long of having nothing)

Might i be bi-polar? What do i do?