I hate myselfI've come to the conclusion that I hate myself. I can't stop putting myself down. Got chewed out for missing too many days because my car's broken down (I deliver). Just stacked on. I can't accept compliments. Can't accept gifts. Only bad things. And most criticism is from myself. Every single day, my whole life. I can't make it stop. 

Everytime I date it never lasts long. Maybe a month. I sweep them off their feet at first. Then as they get to know my they find out that I have no self esteem. One girl I let it all out. Put it all on the table. Told her flat out, I have depression problems. I don't know how to fix them. Went into a detail on why I am the way I am. Actually, I'll do that now. 

My mom and especially siblings put me down all the time growing up. No matter what I tried, I was too stupid, too ugly, not good enough. I remember when I was in first grade, they considered putting on a birthday party for me and to invite friends. My sister was quick to note not to waste money on it because I didn't have any friends. And frankly, she was right, and I knew it. I think around that age I accepted the abuse. Why would my family lie about me being worthless. It never went away. I'm 25, and I still think I'm shit.

I told that girl about much of that. I never told her the physical abuse I did as kid. Too embarrassed. I used to get really frustrated with myself. Used to have this metal box that we kept canned things in. I'd punish myself by slamming my head into the wall of it. *Really* hard. I was grade school age (1st or 2nd grade). I was told to just cut it out already. Eventually I just stopped. I'd punch myself in the arms and legs middle school age. I just would get so frustrated with myself. 

The girl ended up leaving me for her ex. That was a while ago, and I since dated off and on, and I think I'll always be alone. Nobody wants to be around somebody that can't accept pleasure from others. 

My self esteem is just as low as it ever was. I need therapy. I can't afford it. Don't really know what to do. 

I don't think I'm close to suicide, but I was thinking about how I would do so if I did. Maybe it's not as awful of an option as people make it out to be, if done right. If I did so, I'd do it the most cost efficient way possible. I also I don't want somebody finding my body. 

Like I said, I'm not doing so. I guess I just needed to vent. These depression episodes go through stages. I'll feel better tomorrow. Hopefully I didn't come as an emo douche.