Fuck its gotten worse. MY PAIN AND FEELINGS ARE A JOKE FOR PEOPLE TO LAUGH AT.The title says it al. I'm fucking done. 

I'm done.

There is no way out. Everyone keeps fucking me over. I hurt others they hurt me. Its all a neverending cycle of fuckery. I am a realatively calm person. I never let my emotions sway my actions. I never burst out and tell others how I fucking feel. I just realized how selfish people are. I realized it.

I thought my mother would understand. I told her how I couldn't go to school today because my anxiety was becoming worse and she seemed to understand. Then later she said some things that I didn't agree with. She claimed I should pray to my own God and the reason I was feeling this way was because of my 'negative thoughts'.

My mother got pissed because of how my 'face was darkened' and 'angry' today. 

Does she want me to fucking laugh instead? I live with the person who sexually abused me as a child and no one seems to give a shit. My father laughed at me when I broke down in front of him because of this. He told me to just stfu and deal with it because thats how life is. That I should just wait until I get older.

If life is like this then I don't want to live in it. Fuck having kids. Fucking getting married. My mother is miserable as fuck (divorced). My grandparents are miserable (grandma can't stand my grandfather). 

Me and my family are living ZOMBIES.

My brother has autism and doesn't have any guidance. He can't understand the full complexity of the situation. He knows there is something wrong with me but he can't really help me. I did something really fucked up today.

I cried for a whole hour. God I wish I had a friend. I wish i had someone to talk to. Unless I do something stupid no one will listen to me. Everyone hears me but no one cares enough to listen. I'm nothing. I'm no one. So I grabbed a pair of my brother's sisscors and tried to go inside the bathroom. My brother started panicking and asked me what I was gonna do. I didn't expect this from him. I didn't think he would understand. Which is why I'm a piece of shit. My autistic brother is more caring and understanding than anyone. 

He thought I was trying to hurt myself. I lied and told him I was trying to cut my hair.

I'm nothing. I'm no one. I'm no one. I'm a piece of shit. I'm tramatuzing my brother. And I'm a fucking joke.

I  teared up all these college offer letters because I know I won't have afuture. I'm stupid as shit. I can't concentrate on anything. No one knows how much pain I'm in. I'm failing stat. I'm done. No one cares. 

My friend was selfish. This is stupid af but this really ticked me over the edge. I started liking this guy in my class and I got his social media. I gave it to my friend as well and then they started talking. She called me and asked, "Are you mad at me? I'm sorry". But not in a regretful way. In a humourse way. 

I could give less of a shit about some stupid guy. The fact that she was so fucking inconsidetate of my feelings combined with all the shit in my life, broke me. . 

I can't do this anymore. Guys I have no future. I have nothing. I bought a gas of helium tank for balloons and I'm going to inhale that today guys. Be ready!! I'm out this fucking world. Thank God. I'm free. I'm going to be free.

Or I'll get some bleach and drink it. So many options. I can't wait. I can't fucking wait.