I don't know what to do anymore. (Cant write full so this is 1 out of 2)I'm 19  about to go to college in a few days and I'm starting to get depressed, having suicidal thoughts all over again. (English isn't my first language)

My depression started when I was in grade 6, it happened when my uncle died (freak accident) at first I didn't know how to react to it cause I never experienced a relative die so I got sad and had mixed feelings. Fast forward to grade 6 I woke up took a shower, dressed up getting ready to go to school, I went down the stairs hearing my aunt screaming in pain, she was in a bedroom with her was my mom and my other aunt, I didn't went to go see because I was gonna be late but I got a glimpse of her one last time and I saw her face screaming in agony, her stomach bloated, then again I went straight to the car 

and went to school, after I got back, changed clothes, turned the TV on, my other aunt knocked on my door and told me my aunt is no longer here, we chatted for a few  then I closed the the door. I was confused at first but then I realized what she meant and felt sad again but this time I'm getting a feeling of fear and extreme sadness, I cried silently. (She died of Ulcer).

On grade 7 (This was enrollment day) My aunt died (I have two aunts who lives at our house) but this time I saw someone actually die. She had an illness I forgot what it was it was similar to my last aunt, she was brought to the hospital and stayed there for a few days and went back home, she stayed right beside our bedroom, there are windows through our wall so we could see her laying in bed, each day passed she was getting forgetful and is starting to be not aware of her surroundings then on the final day she started screaming in pain, she was calling to her mom every few moments. All of us probably thought it was normal, there was a maid who looked after her and slept near a bed beside her so we would quickly now if something has happened but nothing happened that night, the next day I was getting ready to go to school to enroll for high school I went to the room where my aunt was to see her, dead. This. This is what messed me up, I went close to her and checked her eyes looking up, her body stiff. I didn't cry my father went in and I told him and he said there's nothing we could have done, we didn't bring her to anywhere yet my father said we need to go we will be late for enrolling, during enrolling I felt confused and was really not myself I was lost i didn't know how to react. Going home finally told my mom that my aunt passed earlier, she cried.

Grade 8 - I was confused my grades were getting low, after a year of my 3 relatives passing away I didn't know what to feel because every other day I think of them, they were really close to me, two of them live with me and I got raised by them for all my life.  The whole school year was like that, confusion, too much of always thinking.  Nearing the end of the school year I got really depressed and suddenly didn't want to go to school anymore I cried and cried my parents told me the problem was but I just cried and told them nothing.  They let me not go to school for 2-4 I don't remember how long I didn't go to school for. then my teacher called me and she was crying she told me to come back to school, she and my classmates missed me, I was still depressed but I felt love and happiness when she told me that, so the next next day 2 Days I went to school to see my classmates happy to see me I felt okay then and that continued until the end of the school year.

Grade 9 - So this is my last year at this school due to depression ( I studied at this school for 9 years) At the start I was kinda okay and wasn't really feeling any depression, my other classmate who was like a leader of a group (sort of gang but not really) asks me for money, he wasn't really a bully cause we talk and  you know I gave him 2 dollars (He didn't force me he was asking normally, sometimes I don't give him and it was alright, also I had friends in his group so we were cool.  I let him do that for the rest of the school year, sometime in January it hit me again, I got depressed and not went to school for 2 months this time, the Vice principal went to my house along with my teacher and the head of some discipline department. They asked me what was wrong, (you guys probably think that I'm gonna tell them that I got depressed like last time) I told them a different story, I told them that I was bullied by my classmate , that he was getting money from me every other day, so I told them I got scared which I really wasn't they believed me and asked for the name of the student. We chatted and the teacher said some stuff on why should you do this or why you should tell us.

They left and I still didn't go to school till the end of the school year. Looking for a school during summer my father found a school near our house, I spent 3 years there, and it felt good to meet new teachers and classmates, it's like starting a new life, enrolling there I told them the story I made up and they accepted me as a grade 10 student, usually you repeat the level you were before but that wasn't the case so I enrolled but this time I got home schooled for one year, it was fun as I was able to relax, have sometime to think and was more free. 2 teachers went to my house and teached me for 1 year it was fun as I created a close bond with them. I was for the first wasn't depressed for a year I felt happy.  now grade 11 I was still kinda home schooled, I went to school to be tutored by teachers and still meet students,  It was fun, I felt that they love me and that I was welcomed, not gonna lie some girls had crushes on me. I was really really happy.

Then came the day my, grandmother died. I was sleeping when I heard my mom yelling, your grandmother is vomiting blood. feeling tired from waking up I reacted slowly and went down to see my grandmother sitting on the bed with blood down her clothes, we called the ambulance, at a moment she was fine, I didn't saw any pain or anything, she was rushed to the hospital I stayed there with my dad and watched over her my other aunt arrived and we checked on my grandmother, I was the one who went in first it was just a small curtain room, I went beside my grandmother, to comfort her, she held my hand and told me, It hurts so much, It wasn't the first time I heard her say that she used to say I want to die already, cause she was already 95 which is pretty lucky to have someone reach that age. Okay then the nurses arrived and started to but IV fluids so she could eat and drink. while they were putting it in my grandmother screamed so loud that it hurt me, but I didn't cry but inside I was crying, the nurses did that multiple times because they couldn't find a vein, when they finally did my grandmother rested for a few minutes, then she started to vomit again, the sound that she makes hurt me man like it really hurts to hear your love one suffering, I got depressed but I still didn't cry. After that I went home and rested, it was the last time I saw her 1 day before her death she called me on the telephone and said I'cant take this anymore and I told her it would all be alright I told her I loved her and I said I ask her to are you coming home, she passed it to my mom, I started at this point so I hang up the phone and cried for an hour. I was depressed every day, eventually I had insomnia I didn't sleep , I go to school and they all look to me, they didn't say anything but I knew they know something was wrong with me I didn't speak I don't want them to know I was depressed, I acted happy 

but deep inside I was dead I didn't had a reason to go on, couple of months went through like this. Not sleeping and going to school looking like a walking corpse, I then started to take sleeping pills which I ask my mom because my grandmother used to take this, I took them and it helped me a little but nothing happened after a few times trying. This continued until the end of the school year.

Grade 12 It was all fine I performed good I ended good, except for some days I was depressed but It wasn't that serious. 

Now that I'm going to college I applied for for Doctor of Veterinay Medicine but didn't pass, I had chosen 2 others I don't really like 2 other courses one was really impossible cause you need to travel really far for this course cause they have another facility really far away. So they asked me what do I really want, I chose AB Accountancy (Im bad at math)

and all the courses that were to choose I chose the one with tons of math. I didn't want to change cause its gonna be humiliating. (The person even ask me do you really want this, you have trouble computing problems and I didn't reacted and just said yes, I fucked up. Also why I chose that it's because all of my relatives took some kind of business course 

they are CPA now, owners of foods, restaurants, banks, food packets. Yeah and me, I'm probably the only person who doesn't belong in the family. All of them got in the # number one university in the county or some got in the top 3 

and I thankfully got in also but barely because I'm terrible at math. So I had no chose I chose the course which I regret, and I'm going to school in 2 days. The university is far, really far its 40 minutes train, and I still need to ride 2 times to get there, I originally chose that university because it's the best place for veterinary and the only one near me. So, I don't like my course now, and it's so far away, I'm getting depressed again and feel like having suicidal thoughts I tried to make a noose when I was in grade 9, crazy.  IDK I need advice please I don't really wanna kill myself but I'm having suicidal thoughts. I think of ways how you can die easily and painlessly. Do I get help? then what help would I get. My relatives would probably be shocked but I just can't take it anymore. I'm getting stressed too much. I don't want to repeat what I've done before at this school.  

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

I know that this shit happened because of family, no family problem nothing, I just love them deeply and with all my heart and it kills me that death exist, I know that some of you will say, it's normal or people have bigger problems than you. I know that but every person 

has  a different story and they react differently and that just what happened to me.  I scrolled up and realized this post was too long so I'm gonna end it here but to whoever reads all of this I wanna hear what you need to say, I will follow because as of now 

you guys are my only hope.