"you're so deadpan"Well, my friend, the truth is im actually expressionless, not emotionless. Im tired of people commenting on this because, its kind of a defense mechanism or a coping method i came  up with.

I, in no way had difficult or traumatic life experiences but i hate myself so badly. Maybe its because of insecurities, maybe because of the whole "deadpanness" or something and the fact that people constantly point out those things, heck even my friends make fun of it, even teachers, practically anyone really.

But one of the biggest issues i face about myself is the fact that i need comfort so badly but cant bring myself to ask other people for it, even my own parents who i know love me but, its just so hard. I feel like im an attention-seeker and that other people shouldnt bother with me because there are so much more people who need it more than i do.

My classmates look up to me for being smart, kind, and all that, but their pretty much just seeing the shells. The shells ive so carefully put together to hide thr fact the ive hurt for so long, and maybe thats why i actually give half decent advices.

They sometimes rant to me because of the fact that theyre basically talking to a brick wall which gives away advice. Ive been so used to comforting other people up but i for the life of me cant help myself.

Recently, my friend confessed to her crush, and she was happy and i am too, but it made me realize how much better she is than me. Someone who can express herself freely and other people can see just how she is, and be able to be there for her. But me? They can barely tell im happy let alone be sad.

They say im always angry, but the truth is im just so frustrated and my emotions are all over the place. So i let it out in the only way i can. Im crying every night, even right now as i question myself ehy i even try.

I dont knoe if anyone will even acknowledge this or even bother reading it but if you did manage to get through all this crap you really shouldnt be wasting your time on, thank you. Thank you so so much for taking the time to at least listen. And im sorry for wasting your time or that its all over the place, i just really really really need to get this stuff out and sorted. 