The bell tolls for me. Life used to be great but the older I got and the more I lost over time the less enjoyable it is.

My last family member died a few years ago so there is no one left that would care if I'm gone. I've lost contact with all my friends. Most of them are married and want nothing to do with me anymore. I've become antisocial. Since I lost my job and dealt with a very aggressive public in a very negative environment for the past 10 years, I've not been able to deal with people. In fact I've tried to reach out for help but can't do it. I look at other people as a problem. Just something standing in the way of happiness. I can't even carry on a conversation with others without getting fed up.

I can't drive anymore and to be honest I'm not sure why. I've tried to go to the DMV and get it fixed and they just give me a run around. I also have trouble talking to them since I've become so antisocial. It wouldn't matter if I got my license back anyway. A teenager smashed my car up. I parked it and couldn't afford the insurance on it anymore so that's beyond repair and I'll never have another car due to the mental illness I've acquired over the past decade.

I've been served an eviction notice recently. I have 5 days left to get my things and move out. I have no where to go and no one I can turn to. I can't deal with mankind any longer. Talking to others face to face is impossible.

I'm so miserable here anyway. I'm always asking myself what's the point in being here. People have told me to pray but that hasn't worked. I don't believe in a God anyway. It's not who I am. It's too late for that anyway.

I don't know why I even come here anymore. I've never asked a question here that anyone has ever given worth while advice on. Now that I think about it. People have never been able to help me with my problems. All they do is dump their problems in my lap. No one will give you the opportunity to prove yourself, to make a honest living. I need to change my life right now and I can't. I've turned my back on mankind because it's never been any use to me.

So much would have to be fixed right now for me to continue life. Words alone will not fix my problems and it is more than any one of us would have time to fix. It would take longer than I would have years left. Now I face homelessness. Being homeless in an area where there are no homeless shelters. In a place where it will take days to walk to a near by city. A walk that cannot be made without eating something.

There are too many roadblocks. All of these problems are unsolvable with the resources at my disposal.

This is not a cry for help. This is the only place I can tell others, people whom I've never met, what happened to me.

After I post this I will place this Smith and Wesson .44 magnum in my mouth and end my life. A life not fit for anyone to live.

My mental illness just like some physical ailments is terminal.

It's only fitting that there is no one here to stop me.

Death will be instantaneous, relief from the suffering will last for eternity.
