Just a rant.I think yall could understand. I've used heroin for 10 years and things weren't ever great really while using. When not using life has gotten really good. But it always seems to crash eventually. My last stent getting off of it was the worst I've ever experienced. I wanted to die. I was so broke. Lost my job, my money, everybody and all hope. I had a great cooking gig in Chicago, i moved there to work in a big restaurant and be a better chef. I eventually got the job and everything kind of was going well. I worked so much I never did anything else for a year and some change and i got to the point where dope didnt seem like a terrible idea..it spiraled bad. Drugs were super available and cheap, I almost died a few times on accident, I lost the job, my self respect, my money, confidence, hope for a normal life, all of it. And I'd sit around without eaten for days maybe having drank a glass of water...I dont know how I didnt just die. I was hoping I would. So i moved to a new town in with family. Got clean and have been for a year now. Got a girlfriend which I didnt think I'd ever meet some one like her or at least not in a romantic context...we dated for 3 months...it was amazing. Everything, we spent everyday together, met her family, took her on dates all the time did things I never thought I would've done...at least not for a long time...she gave me back all those years I've wasted on chasing heroin..and 2 days ago she ended it....barely will speak to me and now nothing. I have no family to really talk with this about and my lifestyle hasn't garnished many friends or anyone like a good friend. I feel terrible and hopeless. Like I've wasted my whole teens and 20s and I'm completely inept at how to handle getting the girl of my dreams....I just fumbled like an idiot the best thing that has maybe ever happened to me in this context....I dont know what to think. Feel. Do...I'm scared of suicide, im scared of going back to dope, I know I wont get anywhere with it and I definitely wont die...I've somehow survived all the times I wish I didnt. I just cant fuckjng deal with this. I fantasize about what is next. Like if I died. What will come next. Like a whole restart. Everything seems so bleak. Like what's it all worth without real connections and love. I wish I knew there was something waiting for me. Something nice and worthwhile someone like her but I dont. I dont think i will honestly ever meet another person like her again. I fucked it up. It sounds so trivial but I cant get past this. She gave me back all the stuff I missed out on like being in college ,her youth , it's crazy and I am starting to think I'm just done for. Forever single and lonely and paying for my stupid terrible mistakes. I'm constantly shaking and pacing. Like what do I fucking do. This isnt the life I want. And it wont get better no matter how hard I try .