I feel like my time has already passed and things are going to get worse.I've dealt with mental illness for years and I feel like it's finally won. I think some of the highs in my life kept me going but I've reached the point where I feel like I'm in a rut. I'm 21, unemployed, behind my age range on a path to graduating college, and I just feel burnt out and exhausted. Being bipolar makes forming any sort of relationship become like trying to catch water in your hand. I can't enjoy anything at all anymore because of depression, so I no longer receive any joy from the media I like, nor can I focus on it or any sort of task that requires attention because I feel such a lack of energy. All of my remaining energy goes into intense workout because of eating disorder and body image issues, and I know I'll never have the body I want nor one that I feel is good enough for anyone just because of the way I was born. I have to sleep constantly because of my lack of energy and my hours awake are miserable because I can't enjoy or focus on anything and I wish I could just turn my mind off. I look forward to getting to take my insomnia meds at night as early as possible just so I can get my brain to shut up. My psychiatrist passed away suddenly recently and he actually understood me and was able to prescribe medication that could somewhat stabilize me but we had hit a rut for the past 8 months with my antidepressants, and without a psychiatrist to give me something that won't add any more complications or knows me, I'm sick of feeling like a human lab rat with medications tossed at me in trial and error. Things only feel as if they're going to get worse with continuing isolation, mental health decline, aging, and the current state of the world adding stress. Things keeping me alive right now are a sense of guilt that would be placed on my parents and fear of an unsuccessful attempt and lack of access to anything effective for an attempt. I wish I could just die painlessly, like going to sleep. I dunno what really the point of this post is other than rambling and venting, but I just feel trapped and defeatead.