I don't want to do it anymore.All of this is going to sound really dramatic and stupid because quite honestly it's all dramatic and stupid. I just don't understand why I can't stop. 

It started when I was younger. It was an on and off feeling. Nothing too intense. My entire childhood I was the last pick. An oddball. I've never had many friends. People who actually know the real me. I just do whatever makes people happy. They never seem satisfied. My dad was an alcoholic. He'd always say uncomfortable things to me and scream at me and brothers. When my mom got home he switched it all up and became a different person. He'd always tell me if I told anyone I'd be in deep trouble. That he could kill me, my mom, and my brothers all before the cops came. I did my best to protect my brothers but nothing is ever enough. I don't know why no one likes me. One night my dad had a lot and started breaking more things than usual. He choked my mom out. We had to scream for hours until my neighbors just called the cops. My dad was put on probation for two months and entered a psych ward. I guess that's when it all started to boil. I started coping with alcohol once I hit eighth grade. Shoved myself into minecraft and told myself that it never happened. Nothing bad ever happened to me. In the middle of eighth grade I was molested by my civics teacher. I told my mom and the school didn't do much about it. The civics teacher pulled me out of the class because he was uncomfortable with my presence. I was bullied (haha typical middle school shit) and slut shamed. They made me feel like I wasn't a person. I hit highschool and I thought things would change. In a way they did. During the summer my dad finally stopped drinking. I had to stop coping with alcohol for the obvious reasons. Freshman year nothing bad happened to me but the years and years of dissociation was catching up to me. I'm 15 now, a sophomore in highschool. I'm constantly spaced out. I'm either on autopilot or really high. I can't be happy sober. I can't be happy at all. I've told my mom how I feel and yea its great to be high but it doesn't stop me from wanting to end my life. I feel like someone's going to kill me 24/7. I can't stop looking behind me. I can't stop feeling anxiety. It's getting hard to pay attention. Harder to feel like I am me and I'm not an imposter in somebody else's body. I feel like crying every moment that I am alone. I've tried everything. I feel like I'm too far gone. I'm afraid to show affection with the people I care about. My grades are slipping. My time is running out. And I don't have many reasons to be here anymore. I want to feel like a kid again. I want to be oblivious to everything around me. The bottle is tempting and I no longer want to be in pain. I'm saving up my money to buy my brothers and my mom some nice things before I go. It hurts.