At my end - so far gone.I don't know where to turn. This post is such a small fraction, I've shortened a novel of feelings into so little -- I hope you understand I feel both better and naked after this!!!

Prerequisites: I have had a more than substantial amount to drink - and this is a summary, I'm having problems definitively reducing my story, as there is so much subtext I will be missing - but it is generally an ask for help, and a lack of where to turn to in the UK for mental health issues... 

I'm 21, and my guilt is there is so much I should be thankful for.

I am a very constant contributor, who loves this community (for use of a better word) - dearly. 

3 years ago, I experienced the hardest month of my life. In the space of a month, I caught my SO of 3 or so years through school cheating most horrifically, quite literally in bed with someone else. I was willing to talk about the situation, and sadly she disappeared mid conversation. To this day I know she's still with the guy whose condom wrappers I found behind the bed (she was on the pill), and who convinced me everything was O.K, and that it was all in my head. I have never had any closure. Love can be blinding - and she - for hundreds more reasons than this - was a sociopath (fake rape everytime things were in trouble, fake miscarriage, but I digress).

During those hard few weeks, I had a wonderful friend. A friend whose heart resounded a wonderful sense of wonder, and a search for truth in the world. A friend troubled by the world around him; plagued by how he saw the world move forward. This friend carried me, sometimes literally, through the unexpected and unexplained loss of my first love. I distinctly remember arguing into the night with him and friends the issues of the world; and he was happy just to have another opinion - but more happy simply to have someone to talk to who wasn't an idiot!

2 months after losing her, I lost him. On new years eve, the most wonderful person I'd ever had the pleasure of spending my hours with - had left me. I found out in the morning from a call from a close friend, disbelief set it. I didn't know where to place myself, but I assumed it to be some mistake. I found out later, I had tried to call him all night from a friends house phone. His parents showed me the missed calls, I could explain to them that this was me, and they could offer to me any solace they could give.

His mother was an atheist, and full of respect of his own views. The funeral was non-secular, and the family (1 brother in the army, where he had always wanted to go, and one a brilliant writer...) were so unbelievably open and accommodating it was exactly as he would have wanted. Hundreds turned out for the funeral; the ex, well, I felt the need to talk with her before hand, I explained to her that as much as it pained me - he wouldn't have wanted her there. He was with me through my own grieving about her - as much as I loved you as a person still, as someone I shared my life with... He wouldn't have wanted you there... I honestly didn't feel this was my own problems taking over, I was honestly thinking he really despised her and would be ashamed at me for letting her into my life again...

She came to the funeral, and sat directly in front of me, and at my best friends funeral, flirted with the guy next to her as me and his best friends slowly fell apart, it was horrific.

I didn't cry for months afterwards, I spent so long caring and protecting my friends... showing them I was O.K that I hardly considered myself. After 4 or so months seeming normal to others, but spending most days hiding in bed my mother found me a job. She worked for a major U.K charity... She found me a job as a Sunday manager of a store locally managing a local store; my mother is an accomplished business woman, who at some point chose to try and give back to the community, and took a job in charity.

This is when I first noticed, from the depths of depression, my extreme anxiety. I struggled every day working here... but it helped me in more ways the it hurt. For all the people stealing from charity and the bastards trying to trick a very old volunteer staff, I truly started to see the good in people, and I started having a reason to get out of bed in the mornings.

It fell apart at one of my many breakdowns, I've never had a breakdown before these main points; but after, I hide this moments from everyone. They are not my choice, nor my own doing - but I occasionally find I completely lose control of myself; you see, there's so much I hide constantly, so many people I convince I am fine.

When my best friend died, I had three distinct people tell me these words:
"I thought it would be you".
My secondary school form tutor, who was struggling through her own problems - but was a wonderful woman.
"I'm surprised it wasn't you"
From another friend.
And, 
"I thought I'd find you hanging in your bedroom",
From my brother, who has gone through a lot, and I trusted - this is the one I trusted, and still struggle with... I was down, I may have been depressed - but I still don't know where to place this.

Even in this post, what I am saying and the truth is so far detached, there's simply not room for the back-story and the majority of the poignant points. Hopefully from what I say, you can take the back story yourself - life is strangely complicated, and unless I was writing for hours, I don't know what I would be trying to place here for discussion.

I digress apparently, but after my soul-mates death and my SO's leaving, there was such a hole. And so few people I could suddenly converse with honestly, they were the two people I could confide anything to... and were both wonderful at it. My friend was on exactly the same page - politically, spiritually... I still feel he would have had so much to add to life - he would have been so able to contribute to discussion here for example!

Anyway, I feel I should stop ranting about the past, even though sadly I've barely been able to touch the surface...

Currently I have a wonderful girlfriend, she knows most of this; but it isn't like I rant or talk about it at all... still, I have a lot of moments and things that stick with me... and apart from that, I have a lot of attitudes and guilt I find it hard to live with...

His friends parents and family were so wonderfully inclusive, but I sometimes wonder if that's why I'm still here. My life seems O.K to outsiders, but strangely my folks moved away about a year ago, and I've been left to my own devices, I haven't had to chance to go to uni and escape all this - I'm hear now, and making all the wrong choices, but...

I have always been viewed as very gifted in I.T, I was kicked out of college for a fairly famous 'hacking' incident, and I lose that term loosely. 

I am now working for a few companies, underpaid, and in for every other week shuttled around a commercial directors list of failing companies he's a chief investor, and expected to single handedly make them a success... 

My character just hates this, I barely make enough to live, and yet everyone around me makes more, and often I'm in I.T companies making everyone else rich, coming up with not just the strategy but the execution.

I might be completely out of it, and I doubt anyone will ever read this --- 

But I feel suicidal at least a few times a week - I don't believe in self-harm. If I make the choice, that is simply it.

This story, I might seem like an ass, I have no idea.... I hope no one I know recognises it.

I've gone to U.K doctors, and had a struggle getting anyone to listen to me that I have issues, probably because I'm so closeted, but fuck that should be part of the training right??

edit: this took so long, I forgot so much, as I said, honestly the last few years for me are hard to quantify outside someone who knows me - a lot of experiences - one of the reasons I think I've had enough experiences, but I forgot to mention, now I have a wonderful girlfriend who tries to support me in my actions, but suffers with general anxiety disorder herself and has been in counselling from a young age - she thinks, personally, that I suffer from clinical depression, anxiety of some kind, and some sort of schizophrenia... 
(the idea of schizophrenia may stem from my few breakdowns, where I have heard voices, and been completely not with it for a substantial amount of time...)
-------
edit: I sit up, deadlines looming - unable to quantify the meaning to others of those said deadlines - unable to concentrate; I go through weeks of finding myself unable to concentrate. I wouldn't be typing all this if I hadn't in the last 4-5 hours drank over a litre or so of spirits, sadly unlike most people I'm more than qualified of typing after this, I just sent this text message to my wonderful girlfriend a few hours ago:

"Still working - gettin g nowhere and feeling truly fucked :-) good times, I'm so very disappointed in where I am it physically hurts... It is a hundred thousand paces from where I would wan bt to be. Currently giving up and listenning to music - it's weird. I feel like everyone I know are years away from this sense of abandonment - actually working to live - there's so few people I can feel have been near to this. Probably why I find it hard to talk to anyone; talk about dropped in the deep end, "show me there still can be some mystery, I haven't found. Throw me, a lifeline to the lost at see - don't let me drown". 

She is a wonderfully patient woman, who is as disappointed in our health service, as I've tried to explain to them.... that I probably need help... Honestly, someone more experienced with whatever I've been going through, simply to talk to... and to have some direction of where to turn, would be a godsend.

I throw my number in for as long as I'm not stupid enough to edit it out, reddit please call:
+44 ****

edit2: see bleow.
------------ 
Anyway, bye Reddit.

