Posted on r/depression yesterday, no replies.Posted this to r/depression yesterday, but I guess its hard to get people to give a fuck.

I don't really know what to say besides what is in the title. I'm a 21 year old, white, heterosexual, privilege filled male.

I have a loving girlfriend that doesn't care that I'm a complete mess. Well, mostly, anyhow. She does try to help when I'm feeling down but she hardly ever actually gets through to me. She's a sweet girl, she's beautiful, but for Christ's sake she is as bright as a dark star and twice as dense. I'm a computer geek who works at a big technology company (for now) and have all the tech toys I could have ever wanted. I'm currently a temporarily working at a major company and may become full time soon. I can't go into too much detail into any of this without being identified, so don't bother asking. But I'm not happy. There isn't anything I want, there isn't any amount of spirituality I am missing. I just don't feel happy, ever. 

As a kid, I used to take Zoloft. Bipolar disorder and schizophrenia run in my family. I've been diagnosed as having clinical depression, or possibly bipolar disorder (I believe it likely to be the latter). I do not ever want to go on antidepressants again. I am probably an (at least high functioning) alcoholic. I used to take tramadol for pain, but since the FDA changed the scheduling on it, I can't get a prescription for it anymore. Nothing else helps - and I've tried every over the counter pain killer I could, but no matter what I'm still in terrible pain constantly.

When I was 16, my girlfriend killed herself in front of me. I've been thinking about this a lot lately.

I don't know what to do. Getting my mind off of everything only helps for as long as someone else is around, and for an introvert this is very difficult. I can't really talk to anyone - I don't have any to really talk to about any of this that every really helps. I've been thinking of starting to take some kind of opiate, given that it's what tramadol is made from (I've never taken any illegal drugs before)?

I'm not sure what this is going to do. I don't even feel better for having written this, and a year ago I might very well have. I'd get professional help, but that hasn't helped in the past. Every year or so I try to post something on the internet, but until now I thought I was just a victim of teenage angst - now I'm old enough to realize this isn't going to stop.