I hate the world and I hate living. I don't necessarily want to kill myself, but I don't know what there is out there for me. I just want the pain to be over with.When I was younger what I wanted more than anything was to pursue academia, it didn't even matter in what field. I just wanted to be a part of the intellectual culture. It meant so much to me. Then I learned what college is actually like.

My first bad experience was when I did an overnight stay. The whole time I was there, my hosts, instead of talking about academics, spent the entire time talking about how 'awesome' the social scene was. About all the parties, about getting high, getting drunk, how much sex they had. They also made a big deal of some party coming up where everyone didn't wear clothes. I was appalled and digusted. I'm not going to name the school, but I will say it was a fairly prestigious place and was beforehand my top choice. It's been a few years later, but the pain is still there. I absolutely despise alcohol, in fact, just thinking of it right now is making me angry. I hate hedonism in general too. I have heard FAR too many times about how "everyone can find their niche" and "not everyone parties all the time." Yes, not everyone parties all the time, but in my experience this is because they're too busy, not because they intrinsically dislike the idea. And while I realize I don't have to participate, I don't want to be in an environment where that sort of behavior is condoned. People have suggested Christian schools, and while I have nothing against religion, or religious affiliated schools, I'm not really interested in that. Primarily because even though people may do such things less, it is for an entirely different reason than why I do not. Even in places which are not 'party schools,' this sort of stuff seems to take place. And beyond even the hedonism the generally smarmy, know-it-all, generic /r/politics style attitude is just too much. 

Beyond that, I do not connect with anyone. I don't like sports, but I'm not a 'nerd' either. In fact, I really can't stand video games, science-fiction, fantasy novels, cartoons, comic books, superheroes and anything like that. I don't like doing anything really. I don't like movies or TV or 'activities' people do (I don't know, like bowling or mini-golf, stuff like that). As I said I hate drinking. Moreover I hate being around people who drink and resent that nearly every social event centers around going to bars or drinking. I despise recreational drug use. I hate swimming and beaches. I have no friends to speak of, but even if I did, I have no idea what I would do with them. I have done traditional sorts of social things and found them insufferable. I hate people who act wild and out of control and absurd. What most people would describe as "having fun" disgusts and repulses me. 

What does someone like me do? I'm miserable day in and day out. Other people here seem to be in the boat of wanting something they feel they cannot have, or are lacking. I by no means intend to invalidate their issues, but I feel my problem is somehow different. I'm not sure even how to word it, but it's not just dissatisfied with my life, I can't even imagine anything I could do such that I would be satisfied with it. If I won the lottery and had unlimited resources all of a sudden, I truly have no idea what I would do with it. I don't have any desire to travel. There is nothing I want (like to buy). I struggle just to figure out how to pass the time of the day. 

I guess I'm kind of rambling on here, but I just don't know where to turn. Every day is a struggle and I can't even fathom how I could ever possibly fix this. It goes beyond merely hating my life, I hate living itself.