I broke up with my boyfriend today. Thought that he was my soulmate, turns out he was like everyone else. I just want to die.I have no one else to tell this to so I'll just put this here. I've been dating my boyfriend for a year, he was my first ever and I thought he was absolutely perfect, looked up to him and admired him in every way. I had years of depression, anxiety, and struggling with suicide before I met him because every time I came to trust someone, they betrayed my trust in one way or another. We became really close friends after meeting for the first time and this drew me closer to him until we started dating. He helped me with my depression and issues with suicide and anxiety, and because of him, they have gotten far more manageable. Never loved anyone like him and expected to spend the rest of my life with him.

However, yesterday all this went right to the fucking trash. We got into a bit of an argument because its been more than a year since he said that he'd get his car license and I said that he should stop putting it off because he's just been relying on his friends and me to drive him everywhere when he has a car but hasn't gotten his license yet; this really pissed him off.

When I get really depressed, I can't really control what my mind thinks of and it starts saying some really messed up stuff about other people that I know isn't true but sometimes my mind convinces me that this stuff is; I just want to be alone whenever this happens because I don't want to hurt anyone by saying these fucked up thoughts. After my ex got pissed off, he said that I couldn't really love him because I have messed up thoughts like that when I get depressed (also mentioned that he's been thinking about a lot of negative things about me). This cut deep. He himself has had issues with his mind overthinking but somehow something that I can't control is my fault. I thought he had come to understand me so well; he helped me through so much. But I now see that he never understood me and he lied each time he said that he understood. Despite what I believed for the last year, he's not different from every person in my past. He said that he's sorry for saying this, but all my trust for him is ripped away. I don't want to talk to him again but it hurts so much because I still love him.

I didn't sleep, I couldn't stop crying and I'm still crying. I realized that he never did understand me, just used me for sex. I broke up with him this morning and it's the worst pain I've ever felt. I just want to die. This world is so cruel, each time I think that I might be happy, the rug is pulled from underneath me. I lost all my friends because I am so bad with communication from my anxiety and I wasn't able to meet up with them because of covid. There will never be peace. Tried to kill myself today with a cable but that didn't work so well. At least there's solace in knowing that I'll end it all soon.