Should I talk about my suicide attempt?It's been 6 months since I attempted suicide. Got drunk by myself on Christmas, went to a frozen pond, ran to the middle of it and broke the ice with my feet until I fell in it. Somehow, I got out. Don't remember exactly what happened but I got out. I remember constatly passing out on my way back home. Couldnt feel my feet or any part of my body. Fell asleep on the sidewalk for a bit, then crawled back to my appartment when my neighbors saw me and called an ambulance. My heart stopped in the ambulance. They were able to bring me back. Then spent 3 weeks in a psych ward. Didnt tell anyone. To give some context, Im from a country in Africa but was living in the U.S at that point. I lived there for 9 years. All of my family is in my home country so I could easily hide it from them.

 I have some friends that I lost due to a break up with my ex. Her and I were friends since 2012 then started dating in 2015 and we had the same group of friends. When we broke, because she cheated on me, all of our friends started to drift away from me. I didnt tell them she cheated on me because I didnt want them to stop talking to her but I don't know what she told them. Anyways, not gonna get into the détails because it's a long story. Her cheating on me was hard and what it made it harder is loosing my friends. Also my family was 3000 miles away. I spent 4 months in solitude before I decided to end my life. I was also unemployed. I just had finished my masters in Engineering and I was having a hard time finding a job because I'm international. I was in the U.S with a student Visa. I was broke. I was barely paying rent. I sold all my belongings, including my mattress so I could pay rent. At one point I didn't have what to eat. My weight dropped from 160lb to 110lb. I cut myself on several occasions then the day of christmas, everyone was with their families and I was alone. So I decided to end it.

 I survived and after I got out of the psych ward, I left the U.S and came back home to visit my family. I have a great offer for a research position while pursuing a Phd in engineering in Germany.  And im just waiting for the lockdown to end so I can start a new chapter in my life. Everything seems to be better but everytime I remember everything that happened I start crying and all the feelings I felt when I wanted to end my life come back. It's been such a challenge to live my life normaly. Anything can trigger those thoughts. And I don't want to have those thoughts. 

I'm wondering if I should tell my family. Mental health is not a thing in my country/culture, I don't know how they'll take it. My ex talked to me recently and I have such an urge to tell her about the pain that she caused me. 

I don't know what to do.