My experienceHi im johnnyd. My son who is 21 years old just recently attempted suicde by an over dose of a prescription med. flexerils to be exact. He was found wandering a parking lot at 3 am by local police department he was hallucinating delirious and didnt know were he was what happened or anything.  He was rushed to the hospital by ambulance were the meds kicked in big time.  He became hostile fought with the docs n nurses and his heart began beating so fast he was on verge of heart failure.  They had to put him in 4 point restraints and intebate him to get his heart to slow down.   The stories i was told by the er personel was nighmarish to say the least    I got a call at 4:30 by the police   I rushed to the hospital as fast as i could   By time i got there he was in the icu unit with a breathing machine breathing for him and ivs all over the place in him.  He looked lifeless pale and like these machines was keeping him alive    He didnt respond to anything  just my 21 yr old son laying there with machine breathing for him and trying to flush all these muscle relaxer meds outa his system   There was no antidote to counter act the pills he took.  They could only pump his stomach and flush his body with fluids and hope he come thru it ok.   For two days i had to watch my child like this tied down to the bed because he would try and pull at the tubes unconsciously    He never opened his eyes and when the nurse did to see if his pupils would react omg the look on her face when she did stuck me hard.  Like she knew my son wasnt there anymore.   I tried to ask her but she quickly rebutted the convo as they all do and never answered.  That look still haunts me now 6 days later   Phe still lays there motionless for another day as i sit stare pray hope and cry for him to recover from this    The 3rd day they tried to bring him outa the coma he was in.   He started to come back some. Opened his eyes looked at me raised his hands like how did i get here ???    My son he became respondnt maybe hes gonna be ok now   He wanted to know so i explained to him what he had done and all   His eyes sank. U could see it in him but he couldnt remeber any of it. Thank goodness !    For threee more hours after wakimg up he still had a tube in his mouth  they wanted to see him breathe on his own because he hadnt for last 2 days.   I begged him to take his own breaths which he started to finally    Finally after the 2 hour window they would remove the tube he. Thank goodness again !    When i retuned to his room he was still confused and sedated and lacked any kind of energy   He couldnt really talk move or anything    They had successfully removed most of the meds from his body  but what damage did it cause ??? Is it permanent ?  Well for two more days his heart rate was up and down his suagr levels up amd down too.  He was confused yet too but maybe he pull thru ok.  But two more days in icu to be montiored for any lingerimg effects of these meds. They was concerned about heart issues as it wouldnt stay stable   Finally on day 5 he was tranfered to another floor and scheduled to be released to an impatient treatment center were he is currently nd hopefully acceptant of the help they will offer     I had long talks with him about it all. Please son please seek this help make sure u address the issues whatever they are.  You dont realize how close u actually was in succeding   The things they told me happened with him still haunt me days later i cant sleep and when i do i have nightmares about seeimg my son laying lifeless with machines breathing for him and keeping him alive   For three days i sat there hoping praying wondering and crying for him to be ok and be back     And then to find this out he attempted because his girlfriend broke up with him and asked him to leave the apartment was devestating even more so   Like over a woman ???? Really ???   Cant be true ????    Well yes this is all true. It happened this month the 22 when i got the call about it all.   As a parent of this child its the worst experience ever in my life. I woulda traded places with him in a second to not have to of sat n looked at him like that.    Im sorry this is a ramble and all over the place and the typos too.  Im still hurting from this ordeal   Thank you if youve read this far and please please if you ever feel suicidal reach out to anyone someone please do so !  As thisboys father whos raised him it was the worst thing ever to see and hear   Id hate to hear about another family go thru what ive gone thru for the last 6 days or so.   Think about your family and what it will do to them too       And for ,y son his first day in a rehab center today this fri the 27th   I still pray for him and hope he gets the help he needs  but he seems to realize what happened and that he needs and wants the help.  Thank you 