The power of trust, or lack thereofThere's nothing exceptional about me or why I'm writing here when I should be sleeping, yet once again find myself thinking more than my brain can handle. Just one of those who somehow made it to legal age but in a way that has made them unable to be as expected because of those memories.

I'm one of those who have the "luck" to have been "saved". Last time was...this week. Twice. Both body and mind seem to have not quite realised they're working as usual again. And I'm at home, alone, which says something, though I can't figure out what.
For reasons related to method (I hope this doesn't violate the rules, sorry), a night next week appears like the right time to leave.
However, I am aware that if this goes wrong, I am very likely to have permanent damage that would make me even more of a burden to society. Through coincidence, I have an appointment with whom they call my therapist on the same day. So I guess what one is expected to do is to bring attention to explicit suicide plans. 

But what can they offer? A few days in a place that figures in my worst nightmares. Yes, I might seem to be in treatment and yes, am aware that what I struggle with is, to some extent, treatable. But after the forced transition from youth to adult psychiatry, what is supposed to help is making it worse. I knew that outgrowing the support net that had been patched together (a few years too late, but early enough to try to believe help again) would be tough. But that it would be a shock that brought me into darker corners of my mind than I have thought possible...no.

I've been trying to quit "treatment", but they won't leave me alone, making calls, sending emails, letters, sms, and standing in front of my door. So I have  been trying to attend appointments now and then, to make them stop doing that, and with a fainting, now vanished hope that it could result in anything more positive than more crippling fear, feeling so blue it's vantablack and harmful coping mechanisms taking over my life again. As long as I'm not psychotic they can not force me inpatient for more than a few days though, which is something. 

But you know, it would sound like the most infantile and lame threat/manipulative behaviour to say "I will take actions against my existence if I do not get therapy through a place I can remotely trust", even though it's nothing but the sad truth.

And if I attempt but get "saved" again, and still able to communicate normal, they will use it against me, that I had an appointment the very same day.

Just have to get out of this.