When you know Death is coming..I'm a 19 year old male, suffering from depression since i know for myself (can't really say when it began..) , i have been hospitalized + 1/2 year therapy.

I seem to not want to get better. It seems like it takes something I don't have: persistence, sacrifice, energy and so on... Yet on the other hand I don't want to commit suicide, atleast not so it seems like i did it. I have nothing to live for, all i want in life is pissed on by other people. The worst part is everything I want is sinful/immoral. I just know one day will be the "Deadline" and it's over. My grades are really low, i just can't study, i hate everything about it. Fighting suicidal thoughts is really hard, and every single day they are there, just waiting for a moment to finish it.

Living just cause society thinks it's good isn't actually 'living'. I can't go like this anymore.. I feel like I want to close my eyes and jump at a car. It's so tempting I really can't explain it. I can't feel the good things anymore, everything is black and sorrow. All situations go wrong, everything is hopeless. One day I wake up woth chains, only to realise that they will be there forever. Noone really cares about me except my parents, I have 1 guy that i talk to and thats all. And I even hate him but have no other option except to hang out with him.

I know I won't be happy if I don't get what I want out of life, but those things take whole new level of hard work to get. Desires that are unfulfilled, dreames that are lost.. still crying when I glimpse back at them. And to those that think suicide is easy, well.. it's not easy at all. Why can't i go through with it? Why can't I finish it once and for all? I'm going to Hell anyway so why bother? My greatest wish now is that some random guy pulls out a gun on the street and shoots me in the head..

 I can't change my desires, can't lie to myself that I don't want something, yet I will die for my beliefes.. atleast one fight will go to the grave.