Feeling Lost and HopelessI never thought I would get to the point of actually googling ways to kill myself but here I am. I haven’t made a decision yet but I feel incredibly hopeless. My partner and I just got into an argument. Basically they have been supporting me since I graduated from college - they pay for a lot of my food, I have a very discounted (or non existent) rent, they’re a wonderful emotional support system, they pay for all of our dog’s expenses - and they feel as though I have been dishonest with them about my progress at work. I’m trying to start my own business but I’m finding it to be really hard and I keep getting lead on by prospects that turn out to be crap. I’ve blown through most of the money I had saved to help me get on my feet after college. But the main reason I’m posting here is because my problem is that I’m lazy. I know it. I’ve always known it. I don’t like to work hard at things. I’ve always been the kind of person to figure out a way where I can do the least amount of work possible and still be fine. My partner has told me that they don’t want me to move into the new apartment that we’re renovating in 3 weeks and they feel that I need to struggle so that I work harder. And you know where my mind went when they said that? Suicide. If I just end it all I won’t have to work hard and I can die with people thinking that I’m this amazing person that everyone thinks I am. But I’m scared. I don’t think I want to die because I think of how sad some people around me would be. My mom lost her older brother to suicide when she was 9 and I feel like such an asshole for even thinking about doing it. But honestly my life feels so overwhelming right now and I keep thinking of all the work I have to do. All the healing of trauma. Finding a part time job. Buckling down and getting my business off the ground. Working on my relationship issues. It all feels like too much and when I think of that “to-do” list it truly feels like it’s too much for me to handle. I don’t think it’s too much for most people to handle but I just don’t think I can do it. I’ve been in therapy for a while and I really love my therapist but when I think about doing more healing work and trying to get to a really solid place mentally I just think about how much quality care will cost both in time and in money. Which then brings it back to the fact that I don’t have a job. I don’t have much of a point or question in posting this, I guess I just needed to get that off of my chest.