titlei dont know what to do with myself anymore

i made very dumb decisions. i fucked around during my senior year of high school instead of planning for my future, and now 5 years have passed since then and ive still never worked what i would consider a real job, let alone going to school

i am very quickly losing my will to live and keep thinking about hanging myself, or taking some aspirin and cutting up my wrists. the only thing that's kept me from doing that is some numb glimmer of hope i still have left, and fear of fucking it up and having to live with myself with a failed attempt and all the loveliness that that entails. i met a girl who failed at shooting herself and she was stuck in a wheelchair and it scares the fuck out of me that that could happen to me..

i've been applying for really simple retail jobs because i *need* to be around people or i'm going to lose it. ive been socially isolated since i left highschool and every time i try to reach out and meet up with somebody, they either are "too busy" to do anything with me, or we meet up once and that's it

ive been sitting on my ass for almost 5 years now and i honestly dont know how ive made it this fucking far

i have horrible (diagnosed) social anxiety disorder which is probably borderline avoidant personality disorder. i was unable to leave the house and do anything social for 2-3 years post high school. ive been through therapy, which helped with the anxiety, but i still have horrible self esteem and every job interview i have which ends with no call back just reinfornces how horrible i feel about mself. on top of that, my therapist moved away and left me with a second therapist who seemed completely disinterested in helping me and didnt get my problems, and then told me she was leaving her job just a couple months or so after agreeing to be my new regular therapist. that lady can go fuck herself, her timing when she told me she was leaving was impeccable, i told her i was scared of getting suicidal again and that nothing in my life seemed to be working out, and then she threw "oh yeah im leaving good luck" on top of that

im also transgender and i hate it. i cant find anybody who will love me for who i am, everyone has a fucking stick up their ass about what i am and are completely repulsed, even if up until then im apparently one of the most beautiful women they've ever seen. i get comments about how i should be a model and how pretty i am all the time yet no one shows any sort of romantic interest in me. why would they? im damaged goods. i hate my body, most of the time i hate my voice, and more than anything i just hate myself and wish i could disappear

right now im taking larger than normal doses of klonopin to keep myself from having a complete meltdown. i just want release, i want to go to sleep forever, im so tired of trying, im so tired of every day that goes by that leaves me feeling like i have literally nothing to live for. my family treats me like shit because of my lack of motivation, and when i do finally get motivated nothing ever seems to work out and i go back to hating myself and wishing someone would just come in my house and put me out of my misery

please give me a reason to keep going on. i dont know why i keep trying, it all feels like its in vain and i truly feel like i cant go on like this much longer. my new years resolution is to apply to one job a day and so far ive only gotten two interviews. my anxiety has already fucked up my second one because the lady apparently couldnt hear me over the phone (probably because ive taken enough klonopin to calm a horse) and i feel like ive already fucked up my chances there even though the interview hasnt gone through. the other one had me very hopeful yet i got no callback like i was told i would if they were interested, even though the interviewer made it sound like i was going to get it.

this always happens to me, i get my hopes up and invest too much energy into something happening, then it doesnt follow through and i am completely crushed