Never thought I'd be here, but life is fuckedSo, life's been okay. I mean, I'm 30, gay, was in the closest until 6 years ago and I came out and my family disowned me. Whatever. I moved on and found the love of my life last year. He was in the same situation. We've been together like glue. I loved him so much. I love him so much. We lived in Colorado. He went to Arizona for three months for a good paying temp oil job. I supported him 100%. He was so proud of himself for working hard and making good money and saving it all so he could come back and we could start our great life together. Saturday night he was a passenger in a vehicle that was t-Boned crossing a bridge. He wasn't wearing his seat belt and I just found out 2 hours ago he died. He fucking died a state away. He was supposed to back in 3 weeks. I have an apartment lined up for us, a fucking future. And it's gone. Its just fucking got destroyed today. I don't even know what to think or feel. I can't stop crying. And all I want to be is with him. All I've thought about the last 2 months was being in his arms again and hearing him say he'll love me, and I'll never hear that again. I have his silly darth vader vocoder messeges he sent me in my email and a few of his cute freestyle raps and I just keep listening to them. It's not real. It can't be. Me and him both believed so strongly in the spiritual world, whatever that may be, and now he's there and I'm here and all I want to do is be with him. How do people deal with this? I don't want to be alive but I can't kill myself either, I just want to be with him. I'm numb right now, I can't stop crying. I just want to join him. His death was violent and I don't even know if it will be an open casket yet. It was bad. And the last time I saw him he was being picked up from my place by his family and it breaks my heart because I never had a last kiss or hug, I had a goodbye fist bump because he was too scared to come out to his family. I mean, it lost me mine in it's entirety so I don't blame him, but fuck anyone in this world that judges love. I'd die for him a thousand times so he could live his life right now. I'm so angry, I fucking hate bigots. I fucking hate anyone that hates love. Who the fuck cares what the gender is. I don't even have a last kiss to remember because of these fucking bigots, fucking Jesus loving pieces of hateful shit. I don't know where else to vent right now, everyone I know in the world is asleep and I'm just alone. Really alone. And I don't want to be. I want to be with him... How do I stop myself from joining him?