So here we go. Update.So. Was going to kill myself last night. Bought the helium, the gas line, the bag, duct tape. Everything. Yeah, it was going to be a shoddy exit bag, but at least it was one. I cut off my mom. I had an exit interview with my therapist. I’m off work. Cancelled my next TMS appointment, because clearly that wasn’t helping. I was sitting in my car in a Reno parking lot at 9pm. Ready to do it. And then I thought, well, I haven’t called that suicide hotline thing... maybe I’ll give them a call, just to say I really did everything I could. So I did. And the guy, he listened. Not helpful really but that’s what they can do I guess. We talked for about a half hour. It’s so funny. As I was elaborating on my situation, he kept suggesting things that might help. Medication? Nope, tried that. EMDR? Tried that too. CBT? DBT? No luck. Pot?? Ha, no not anymore really. I mean, yeah I was high, and that felt better, but what’s a foot towards sea level when you’re already 20000 leagues under. Trapped. In a fucking sea cave. Lol. After the half hour, he said he would like for me to call him back in an hour. Lmao. THAT was his way to keep me alive. Well I said I would. And that if I didn’t, he could call me. And if he couldn’t get a hold of me, I was in Reno in my car. The cops could find me if they needed to. 

I hung up. 

I cried. 

I decided to call my now ex-therapist, to apologize for lying about my safety earlier. She didn’t answer. Left a voicemail. Now, see, THAT was the mistake. I was strong at first. “Hi there, just wanted to let you know I called that hotline...” and then I couldn’t hold back. I started sobbing and said “I’m sorry...” and hung up. 

Fuck. 

Now if that didn’t sound like a suicide message, I don’t know what is. 

Called my mom after, told her about my voicemail fuck up. 

A few minutes later I get a call from my ex-therapist (T) a few minutes later asking if I’m safe. Where am I? I tell her. She is on the phone with someone else at the same time “Hello yes I have a former patient on the line who is severely suicidal. I think they will hurt themselves” 

“Who are you talking to? If it’s okay to ask...”

“Oh, sure, sfshia. The police.”

Fuck. 

I start driving. Completely frantic and paranoid and terrified. Still watching my speed though (I have two speeding tickets) lol

Oh look at that, it’s been an hour. I tell my T that I need to call the hotline back to tell the guy that I am still alive and headed back to my moms (a 3-4 hour drive). T is not happy but is willing to not call the cops if I go to my moms house. I agree. T calls my mom to be sure everything is on the up and up. I call the hotline. He tells me to call him when I get there. Okay. I call back T. We agree that I will head to my moms and my mom will text T when I get there to ensure I am there and safe. They also make me promise I will be seen by a mental health professional to “get the care [I] need” lmaooooooo sure like that’s going to happen, like the hospital is just going to say “oh yeah you’re okay just take these pills and call me in a week”. Right. Because, like T said, “the police are just going to talk with you... no one is arresting you or 5150ing you” LMAO. RIGHT. Like a therapist calling the cops about a suicidal former patient is no big deal. Come the fuck on. 

So, fast forward. I get to my moms. Call the hotline to let the guy know I’m okay. A different guy answers. I tell him I’m trying to talk with Kyle to let him know I’m safe. “Uh, we don’t have a Kyle. Do you need to talk to someone?” Lol. No dude. I’m just doing what I’m told so I don’t get hospitalized. 

So. It’s now like 2 am. I go to bed But can’t sleep. Decided to watch some new BoJack Horseman instead. Why is it that at my hardest times, BoJ is the one that’s there for me? He gets it. I’m a stupid piece of shit. Worthless. Great new season btw. 

Anyway, slept for about 6 hours from 7-1pm. Not restful, of course. But whatever. 

Woke up. I see my mom called out of work (using AB109 so she can’t get fired) but now she needs a note saying she’s my “caregiver” today and had to drive me. That’s why she had to take off work. Yeah, because I TOTALLY asked her to take today off and “help” me. How about, instead, you fuck right off. 

So at this point I’m at the TMS appointment. I ask if my psych is in. They are. Great can I see them today? Oh, what for? Uhhhh medication I guess? You would rather me just tell the TMS doctor to tell them? Um, okay I guess. Wait what’s that? I have a phone appointment with them Monday? Yeah, I do. I guess it can wait... 

I fill out the paper regarding today’s symptoms. It’s almost surreal that the pain and suffering that almost led to my demise can be reduced to like three questions. How is my depression? High. Anxiety? Moderate high. Do you feel like you want to die? Yes. 

A yes or no question. Black and white. But of course, life isn’t black and white. At least, that’s what they say. It’s amazing to me how they found a way to quantify depression and suicidal ideation.  

Anyway. The TMS doctor comes in and asks me some questions. I answer them all honestly. “Well hopefully you can see some results soon. Some people see results later in their treatment.” Today was treatment No.25 of 30-something. If there’s no real positive change by now, well, I think we may have the results. 

Now, here we are. Me, sitting at my moms house on the couch with my dog beneath my feet, and my mom out getting food. What a whirlwind. What a mistake. I should’ve just done it. I shouldn’t have called my ex-therapist. Or I should’ve just done it after that stupid, stupid voicemail. 

Lesson learned. 

Won’t happen again. I can promise that. 

TL;DR - was about to kill myself. Left a stupid voicemail to my former therapist. Now I have to stay alive until I can make a better plan. 

Stupid piece of shit.