paradox of an unsatifactory situationHere it is in a nutshell.
I graduated from collage with a very unique AND useful degree in the area of medicine, I had challanged the idea of having a baby between finishing my degree and before my career (if i can get it going).  I found who I thought and for the most part is still the right partner...I did not want to get married again- just my preference.  I am 4 months pg, thing have been extremely stressful, the things i have needed emotionally and financially are not working.  On top of all the things people never warn you about I was hit with something called Gender Disappointment.  It feels like an understantement but it is serious.  I don't have any parents my dad committe suicide while i was talking to him, or family, just a few friends, my partner tried to kill him self earlier in Dec. because he thought I would leave him (and i would if he isn't a good thing for me or the baby anymore, it is too important).  No one took that gesture or what it did to me seriously, pg women and adrenaline don't mix at all it fucks with you differently than how you are used to it non-pg.  There is a general disparity for pg women, even ones like me who hate the idea of becoming a 'breeder', I just wanted one thing to be ok in my life something to invest in.  I have not heard even one Congratulations from his family.  I was all alone this christmas, as usual.  My partner quit his job suddenly and is generally unstable but only when I am...I am on food vouchers, I am not gaining weight to their standards and face being labled 'anorexic' or in reality they write it as 'failure to comply with necessary perscribed diet', implying I have been acting stingy about food, I am not nor do I have those issues, just stress.  My body is always worrying and usuing up the stores I can make.  My depression is increasing, my guilt is now overloaded as I contemplate killing myself.  I don't want my babe to die, I do not want to kill him, I already made that decision before 12weeks to keep it...it is hard that I have not been able to properly bond to it and what is happening to me, pg is supposed to be challanging and there is so much to feel and remember...it is the worst nightmare to feel stuck in one youdon't want.  I would want it more if it was a different gender, I would want my life more if I had somewhere I could afford to live and grow pg in peace or take baths when I need them, I would want my life more if I could bring the stress down so I could bring my appitite back, if I had money enough to buy the food I need to give the appitite if the stress would come down which requires some one to be there for me, happy for me, love me, go through this with me amazed like I am and more.  I need some one to help me up, I'm all alone now what?