Tuesday was the day after TEN YEARS of waiting &amp; rescheduling. It ALL went wrong - defying biology, nature, probability. I need help.This is complicated to post because you cannot discuss methods here.  So, let's just say I had TEN YEARS to get my cocktail right and obtain it from reliable sources.  I have a biology education, so I have even read many of the research articles on people who died of overdoses of these things &amp; kind of reverse engineered the dosage from the blood concentration, where I could.

Here's what happened first...  I woke up 2 hours after I took everything.  TWO HOURS! I thought I was dead and this was the afterlife.  Nope.  My t-shirt was SOAKING wet and I had a fever, but I was okay. I was slurring my speech and couldn't really walk straight - but I felt ok.  When I went to lay back down, I kept forgetting to breathe....and it was a little weird but then I fell asleep for another 6 hours and still got up again in a similar state. Alive, but just hungover.   I didn't pee in the bed. I didn't even have to pee much which made no sense given what I took.

I think the issue is you can't kill a person via chemicals/meds/poison so easily... it might have to be done over and over - with 2-3 days of cumulative poisoning.

This is when it gets even worse.  My timed email (which was supposed to go out Friday) went out that day.  My recipient freaked out and called the location of where I was, and the paramedics came to take me to the ER, where I was for 14 hours being completely misdiagnosed because (wait for this one...) none of the drugs I took showed up on my tox screen!  I can explain why this happened with 1 of them (very short half life) but the others? They were all obtained via CVS and I've tested them and had full effects.  I have ground some up in coffee grinders and repackaged some in larger gel capsules but I don't even know if that is necessary.  I once read that people found it's better for the stomach to do less work.  

Could I have literally sweat out all the toxic chemicals or something?  There's no way you can do that...If the paramedics never came, would I have gone back to bed and just eventually stopped breathing?  I was tired but not at death's door by then... just tired.

I wish I could post what I used...it was a massive cocktail with 3 separate fail-safes.  But I don't think I can.  I think I may have permanently damaged my brain, however...which I am a bit concerned about - but I am going to try again soon. I just don't know what happened here and I am kind of shocked this failed.  I am beyond shocked. I am NOT supposed to be here at all right now - my very existence just is an aberration &amp; all the mail I ignored and bills and people and so on... now I am still here an so are they!   WTF!?