Don't know what else is left to doI've been experiencing really intense suicidal thoughts for a while now. It started after I transferred to a new school and made 2 really good friends, my ex david and and a girl named riley. We were all really close, but come January, David dumped me and riley transferred to a different school a city away within days of eachother. Needless to say, I was crushed and have entered a depressive state ever since then. It took a while to get over, especially because my ex insisted on being friends immediately after the breakup, which made it that much harder to get over him. Additionally, my ex had suicidal thoughts, so I spent most of the relationship convincing him not to kill himself. I made some new friends, but when coronavirus struck in March, I wasn't close enough to them to stay in touch. Right now, I'm in a position where I literally have no friends to talk to. I still talk to riley, but she transferred back to her old high school, and is now closer with her old friends. I didn't know her too long, so that makes staying in touch kinda hard. 

I was in a super bad place for a while, but staying home kind of cleared up my head. That was, until I had to deal with my parents full time. It was as if I had traded all my social issues for family ones, and I felt like there was nothing I could do to escape this sadness that was slowly engulfing me. 

However, I tried to use this as an opportunity to reach out to friends from my old high school, and my old best friend lila who I had fallen out of touch with. For a while, things seemed to be getting better again, and I truly felt like there was someone who genuinely cared about me. However, my anxiety persisted and the thoughts came back. I started thinking of ways to actually do it: firearms, hydrogen sulfide, suffocation by nitrogen, carbon monoxide poisoning. The fact that I could only think of one person who would care if i died didnt help. 

Right now I think I'm at my breaking point. School is about to start, I've been isolated for months, I'm behind on college applications, I'm taking on a huge workload this year, and I only have 1 friend. What's worse is that I got really wasted with lila a week ago and confessed everything, my depression, suicidal thoughts and plans on how to do it. She was sober, and I'm sure she was really freaked out, but I remember making her promise that she wouldn't tell me anything when I was sober if I didn't remember. Of course, I woke up remembering everything and felt awful. I scared away my only friend and set this awful burden on her. I pretended like I blacked out and she just said that she loved me. Since then, she's been acting kind of cautious around and me and I can't help but think that I've ruined my only stable relationship. My parents are toxic as hell, and I know from my past suicidal experiences, that telling them would only make things worse and for sure drive me to killing myself, as things have never been as bad as they are now. I think I'm really close to doing it and now have the resources to do it as well. I just don't know what else there's left to do.