I'm traumatized by a dumb 'conversation' I had with my exI used to smoke wayyyyyyyyyy too much joints and cigarettes + eat fucking unhealthy for about 8 to 9 years. My parents died young, my dad abused and killed himself and I didn't pay attention to anything except chasing dopamine triggers. Then I quit, gain a lot of weight (like 20kg) and become fucking healthy. However, I get convinced I will die soon after googling way too much about health risks of lung cancer. For example, I read: 1 joint = 20 cigarettes. I'd smoke like 5 to 10 joints per day. Also, I read that cancer risk remains elevated forever. You'll never go back to a former smoker. Then I start to get filled with regret. I hate myself so much. I keep dwelling on it all the time. Eventually I become suicidal because I kept telling myself 'fool, fool,  fool, fool, fool, loser, loser, loser, loser' and felt like my life is ruined. I also got diagnosed with OCD recently. That also explains why this situation is so fucked up for me.

Then I randomly contact my ex. It went like this:

Hey. You know sometimes I wonder what could have been. I've made many mistakes in my life and breaking up with you is one of them. I miss you. I hope you've forgiven me. Can we please call?

She replies: It's over. You were the worst dumper and I've improved a lot since then. I don't know what you want to talk about? Grow up. Get a grip. *blocks me*

In a random impulse, I make a new account and say: 'Fuck improving. I'm done with life. Pointless bullshit. Do you still want my cat?' 

She replies: I feel like you're just using your cat to blackmail me into talking with me. 

Me: You're right, but why are you refusing to talk with me? Is it some kind of revenge.

She: No, no, not revenge, you're just being a dickhead! And sending me these negative texts? Get a life! 

Me: I just think it's too late :(

She: Nothing is too late, you're just living in your tragic mind. *blocks me*

New account. Me: You know what I used to do??? Smoke like 5 spliffs, 10 cigarettes per day and only eat garbage!!

She: So what? You were born healthy and wholesome so it was your choice to live in a dumphole.

Me: But that means I'm going to die!!

She: Stop sending me these that I don't deserve. *blocks me* 

New account, me: You don't get it! It's unbearable to live with having done this! 

She: No, no, no. You blaming, regretting, this and that. THIS is unbearable!!

Me: No it's so fucked up because I'll always have  to worry about getting cancer!! When I realized my mistake I also got so much stress. 

She: Just go to a therapist/doctor. That's all you need. Stop contacting me. *Blocks me*

Me, new account: *forgot what I said*

She: Ugh, you didn't change a bit and only went backwards. *blocks me again*

Me, new account: But I did change! I work out all the time and so on.

She: *forgot what she said*

Me: I ruined everything!! And you even called me last summer to meet me, but of course I blow that too! And how I dumped you was so fucked up too! 

She: I can't stand listening to your whining. Stop fucking contacting me. *blocks me*

2 days silence

Me, thinking to himself, hm, why did she tell me that I didn't change a bit, I should tell her I did change to take back those negative texts like 'fuck improving'...

Me: But I did change *name of ex*

She: You'll never learn how to live your life. I will never reply again no matter how you provoke me. Tragic, fickle, whiner, loser king!!! This is exactly the same irrational behavior at that gig at *festival* when you were arguing with random people! And forecasting that you're going to die? I DON'T FUCKING CARE!! If you wanted to talk you could have done it last summer, but you blew it. I will move on to someone/something much better. I don't have to feel any guilt because of how you dumped me. LOSER!

Ok, so I was already at my lowest, already convinced that I was living a failed life, already feeling extremely suicidal, already filled with self-hatred and this message ENDED me. I was constantly hearing in my head 'you'll never learn how to live your life' just repeating again and again and again and again. It was such an unbearable insult. Completely wrecking my mental health. I was so fucking annoyed at her. I fucking felt guilty for dumping her for a whole year!!!!!!! I didn't talk with other girls at all!!!!!!! She's 8 years older and then you break my spirit at such a crucial moment in my life, what the fuck????? Just tell me you don't want to talk and you will stop replying and I'd have left you alone instead of making me feel we could still make peace!!! And reminding me of that argument at that festival. How toxic is that shit?? Bringing up some irrelevant thing from two years ago, being cryptic about it so I get triggered into responding because I've changed so much with working out all the time and then dumping a bunch of life-ruining, soulcrushing and spiritbreaking insults on me. I hate that I'll have to carry this with me for the rest of my life. What if my suspicions are true and I'll get cancer because of smoking and have to think about her insults on my deathbed?

That conversation just kept repeating in my head all the time. Also arguing at that festival was really fucked up of me and one of the worst things I've done in my life (elbowing someone in the back like 3 times and that person asked if I was doing it on purpose, my ex only saw that I was talking with her) so the guilt of having done that just destroyed me. I completely lost my mind. I started impulsively sending her messages to her LinkedIn 'I demand an apology!' 'Dumping you was the best decision of my life!' 'Gaijin-hunter!' (She's living in Japan and only dates white guys)...

I definitely said some extremely nasty stuff back to her too on her instagram. I'm not sure if she read that because I quickly deleted it again. Like I was sooo angry at her so I just said that she looked like she had down's syndrome (🙄) and deleted that within 1 minute because that's pathetic and not true, she was very attractive imo. 

I do remember once that I got blocked while I was saying something offensive. It really bugs me that I forgot what that was exactly. Not sure if that crossed the line so she doesn't want to talk anymore. HOWEVER: most of it was just explaining like, but fuuuuuck, I've turned my life around so much. I'd list all my accomplishments: 

Graduated, working out 6 times per week, gained 20 kg in weight, healthy diet, quit smoking, full time job and so on. 

I just kept explaining and explaining and explaining. Everyday just writing messages and deleting them again then sending something new again on her instagram dm. I got soooo disheartened by her 'you'll never learn how to live your life' and there was so much that I wanted to tell her like how I felt like dumping her was something I did because I was bad for her. And how it wasn't an attempt to get her back. How it just kept repeating in my head again and again her fucking annoying message. In the end she got rid of her instagram because she was so fed up with my shit. I kept lowering myself with every message. Just kissing her feet all the time. Never a reply. Just crickets. 

Ugh. This situation has really pointlessly ruined my life. I feel so pathetic now. Feel like such an inferior person. I felt so suicidal because 'you'll never learn how to live your life' made me feel like 'you're nothing but a loser and whatever you try, you'll forever remain one'...

We're like 7 months later now. FINALLY I can live with it. I really wanted to make amends with my ex. Just talk it out. Have a good conversation. Let me take back those negative texts that I didn't mean and provoked her into calling me a loser because I said 'fuck improving' and also I didn't give up, I was just feeling suicidal on that specific day. What a fucking emotional rollercoaster this was... Just had to get this off my chest.