Something off my chestI’m in a bad place. Not physically, as my home is a nice place to live in albeit its faults, but mentally and emotionally. I’m not sure what ails my mind and I don’t want to jump to conclusions, but I know for sure that this affliction is destroying me. It’s kind of hard to explain, but it’s like every waking hour is a struggle to put one foot in front of the other. I know I might sound overly dramatic, but this is what I feel. Perhaps it’s just my hormonal teenage brain making me feel this way, but it has to be more than that. I don’t think a hormonal teenage brain immediately plans out a way for me to end my life whenever I screw up, regardless of the fact that my mistake is fixable or not. I don’t think that a hormonal teenage brain refuses to be motivated towards excellence. In fact, motivation is always replaced by pessimism and defeatism.

I have seen the success of others, heard their stories and their triumphs, and learned about the willpower they have. It does not empower me when it does to others. Rather, they bring me down even further to the abyss of my mind. Rather than saying ‘If they could do that, then so could I,” my mind always thinks “I can’t do that. I’m weak, I’m lazy, I’m useless, etc.” Rather than striving to get higher grades than my peers, I simply accept the fact that there are people who deserve the summits of the world more than I. Motivational speeches make me feel even worse. The voices that lecture me and remind me of how different I am from the others bring me lower. However, the voices of friends and family claiming that it will be better and they will always be there to support me are the worst things I have heard in my short existence of 18 years. They are wasting their time with a failure such as I. Friends should be spending more time with others rather than a morbid and socially inept waste of space such as I. My family should have already disowned me once I scared them with my first attempt on my life. My presence only hurts the hearts of my family, they may say otherwise. I’ve seen the looks of fear in the eyes of my siblings and the looks of disappointment from my parents. I’m no light to their darkness. I’m the darkness to their light. A stain on their lives that must be removed…

To be frank, I am very weary of this struggle called living. Yes, people might say that they’ve been through worse, or that I have so much to live for. To them, I should ask “What could you possibly offer to an individual who has accepted the fact that the world is better off without them?” Love? Heh, I will only end up hurting whoever is foolish enough to pursue a relationship with me. I haven’t ended my life yet because my mother will not be able to cope with the loss of her eldest. However, once the time comes for us to part ways, I shall disappear from her life. I’m a lonely person, and if fate decrees it, I will remain lonely to the ends of the Earth.

So far, I have had a couple of breakdowns, one suicide attempt and more suicidal ideations that I can count. My friends say that I need help, but I don’t want it. Doctors should be helping others who need their expertise, not a dramatic plebeian whose ‘greatest’ asset is the cause of his plight. Sometimes I can't help but laugh whenever my friends and family keep saying that I am so freaking smart. What good is my so-called intelligence if I can't even use this accursed 'gift' properly. And don't get me started with the pressure that my peers give me due to their expectations of my intelligence, ESPECIALLY my parents. 'Oh, if you're so smart then why aren't you this or why aren't you that.' Comparisons make it worse! 'Look at them, they're only x years old and they can pull this off.' 

There is only so much I can take before I decide to simply snuff out my light for the betterment of society.

And I am slowly reaching that limit.