The act—the act—must not be a revenge. It must be a calm, weary renunciation, a closing of accounts, a private, rhythmic deed. The last remark.I had a deep feeling of existential dread this evening. I have felt it many times before but I just associated this feeling I have with that term. The feeling *must* be what they meant. I recognized it and associated it with the feelings I had all those times when I was tripping on LSD, when I was scared and alone, thinking there is no point at all. There is a feeling that we are all just part of some huge traveling carnival machine.

I've attempted to bring it home before, to meditate on the fact that suicide would mean that is *it*, the bridge to absolutely nowhere. I did this because it's easy to flit around the issue without sinking fully into the realization. Death will happen eventually, to every living thing. Why prolong the inevitable? Why was I brought into this hell of an existence, where the only way out is death? Why even bother to create life, to keep it going? How sadistic are we that we inflict life on our children?

I have considered different methods before but I always stopped myself before procuring the means. I stopped myself in Lowe's when I was searching for something that would help me catch the bus. I deleted my posts here after deciding to fight, again and again. I'm tired of fighting. I don't have a real existence where I'm at anyways. No job, almost homeless. I never had a real relationship with my sister. My father is an asshole that I quit talking to. I stopped talking to my mom because she's too busy to talk unless she remembers she has a son (although I could be wrong about that, but it doesn't matter). I don't feel like I've ever expressed any real agency in my life, and maybe it's because I'm a coward.

Today I procured the means. I'm going to clean this room which has become a den of hoarded crap, a tribute to my depression over the last year. I'll probably leave the room one more time, to get something else that will help to ease the transition, but I think I'm going to be dead before the end of the month. I think my roommate said something about going camping this weekend so maybe that'll be the better time.

I don't know why I'm writing this. I don't feel better but I feel something typing all this out, turning my thoughts into concrete. I just want it all to go away. I wish it never started.