Hey anti-suicide folks, took your advice, reached out for help, everything got worse.C'mon phrase is "seek help" when feeling suicidal or depressed, in May I was feeling extremely suicidal and wanted to end my life, this was not the first time, but then it clicked me, maybe I was just being irrational, and I should really seek help and get medication or therapy, in meantime I researched about ADD and damn, it clicked me I have ADHD Inattentive type, it described my life perfectly, I finally what was wrong with my mind, endless procrastination, lack of focus, low emotional regulation, disorganization, inability to articulate thoughts, inability to start even small tasks etc.  
First psychiatrist I visited, well he only prescribed me anxiety medication and didn't even listen to me when I was talking about ADHD, next psychiatrist I visited was fucking clueless, she said that adult ADHD doesn't exist, which is obviously false! It didn't matter for if I pointed out research about ADHD and that it's accepted worldwide, she didn't really understand basic concepts. She was rude and condescending towards me.  
I was hoping she would prescribe me psychostimulants which is most effective way to treat ADD symptoms, but no, she just prescribed me depression meds, I don't have a fucking depression, I have ADD which is ruining my life.
I realized that there is no diagnosis for ADD in my country(Serbia) for adults, and no medication for it. I am fucked, I tried everything, I'm trapped inside my mind, I can't cope with it.  


My parents are skeptical and my dad just says I'm overreacting and that there is nothing wrong with me, he never even talked about it with me, never even asked how I was, I rarely talk to him about anything but he is so fucking certain that I'm fine and he is very skeptical of all mental illnesses and thinks mental illness is just a choice. What a fucking joke, they should never even fucking breed, born with these inferior genes and they don't even acknowlegde it or want to help me. Mother is more supportive, but she doesn't understand it either.
My life is ruined, I fucked up every opportunity I had, I don't know what to do. I'm physically unattractive, have acne, acne scars, asymmetric face, small skeletal structure, weak, skinny, so there's not much to live for either even in this aspect. I knew since I was young that I was physically and mentally inferior, despite having great academic success.  


I reached out to my friends too, they don't seem to care or understand it. Or countless posts online, trying to get advice and voice of reason to tell me what to do, there wasn't any, no one cares, altruism is an illusion.
So what I am left with it? There's nothing to try anymore, I've run out of options, fight is over, solution is extremely clear, I'm hurting every day, I just want peace finally.  


Oh you anti-suicide folks, you are just so fucking clueless, you tricked me good, sometimes there is no option, this proves it. But I'm grateful for this actually, it's so much easier to commit suicide now!  
Refrain from giving me advice about coping with this mental illness, I know that medication isn't the only solution, but I tried everything and I don't want to look at my ugly body anymore, I'm genetic trash.  


You may think that I am very depressed or sad now, no, I am not, I am actually so fucking happy right now, never have been so happy in my life, nothing ties me to life anymore, survival instinct and most other illusions are gone!
I'm tired of self-pity, of feeling inferior, seeking validation, tried of not having control over my mind. Non-existence here I come!


TL;DR: Reached out for help. Realized everybody is clueless and nobody cares. Affirmed my position that I want to commit suicide and relieve my pain.