Why My Parents Make me Feel Like A Worthless Human BeingHi All, I've looked at many posts about teens/adults having issues with their parents and I just wanted to share my story since I have none I can tell it to.

I just feel like they treat me so shitty than I can't handle it anymore. Whenever I do something I myself am proud of their reaction is so underwhelming that I don't even feel like doing it anymore.

Never was I great in school especially in elementary school. When I joined highschool I woke up and got good grades and even upgraded to a higher level. They never noticed that. Only when there is a small minor thing that causes and uprough they need to talk about how stupid I am and how I will never reach anything.

This July I graduated my second time of college and my dads reaction was nothing absolutely nothing. It's not like I expect anything from him or my mother but a simple reaction like. Goodjob son or well done would have been sufficient!

A day has passed since I graduated and the morning my mom and dad have the nerve to talk about my cousin who is in University and graduated being a lawyer! Man this made me feel like so shit like they don't even want me as their child and its always the same story. Whenever I do something I'm proud of they need to bring someone else in who does it even better. In the beginning I thought this was some sense of encouragment you know like just keep going but the way they say it now is with no sense of love or caring and it just makes me want to kill myself.  


I know myself that I have mental health issues like depression and stress cause of the poor childhood my mom brought me in so with everthing I've done right now I feel like its the best thing I could accomplish yet they have the nerve to still lecture me. Im so sad right now.

Whenever I'm at home they tell me to go to work or just go away they never want me here. Yet my mom is always home and never works. My father does work but we still get money from the government. And he doesn't  like to work yet he is like 45-50 ish year old.

Im 21 right now and I've been working since I was 17 years old.  2 years at a restaurant and 2 years at a fabric where they produce glass.  I've been working since the beginning of my teenage days and yet they have the nerve to say something like this uggh i know im just saying things but i just cant  take it anymore.

I remember when my mom used 2k euros of my money that I kept to pay the debts of the house cause my father got into stupid shit.

Like is it even worth going to Uni anymore ? Sorry for this long story