After thinking for a while, I can't think of any reason to live?Hey guys. I'm new here, first time ever seeing this subreddit. I'll be killing myself in 4 or 5 days, but, considering how important of a decision this is for me, I thought it's at least worth posting about it somewhere before I go through with it. I have literally not a single person to talk to about this, just you random people on this random subreddit I just found. Pathetic, I know. Also, I apologize ahead of time for the length, I tend to go on very long diatribes and cannot restrain myself from typing so much. I just hope at least 1 person in this world is willing to read it. It would mean a lot to me, truly. If anyone else is in a situation like me with all the free time I have, I'm sure 15 minutes of someone's day can be spared. If not, I understand.


I've been thinking for a long time and can't come up with any reason for me to live. Yesterday, I spent 4 hours straight, writing a suicide note. It was a 12-page note for my parents and a 3-page note for my recently-ex-girlfriend. I know it's ridiculously long, but I never was really open with my parents about anything in my life, so I wanted to explain to them everything I've done throughout my whole life since I was a child (like a lifelong journal entry), and all the feelings I've felt the past few years, and my reasoning for deciding this. I waited until I was in a coherent, logical state of mind when I wrote the note, hence the length. I feel that it's better to leave them with something very thoughtful and memorable, because they did so much for me over the years.


A little bit of background before I go on to the reasons for living. I had a happy childhood and good parents. When I hit 16 (currently 22), I started becoming a very bitter, misanthropic person. After I graduated high school at 17, I first started becoming incredibly depressed and considered suicide. I still remember the first time, it was during the orientation in the summer before my freshman year of college. I got accepted into the best college in the state and didn't realize how much work was required for it, because I never studied in high school and got straight A's. Thought the same thing could happen in college, ending up failing two semesters and getting kicked out. I was in constant fear and a state of anxiety during that year, and thought about suicide nearly every day. I even bought a helium tank and everything else I needed to do it, but I was too afraid to go through with it. I've been doing fairly well in college since then, because I'm at a worse school now. But during that first year, I started drinking to mask my depression. After I quit drinking, I started smoking weed in 2013 all the way until 2017 when I quit. Weed is, in my eyes, the reason why I'm still alive today, but I realized that it just masks my issues instead of dealing with them. So I quit recently because I was sick and tired of doing nothing all day, every day. It wasn't sustainable. However, because of that, now I have absolutely nothing to do and nothing to get enjoyment out of.


But anyway, the way I reasoned this, was I thought of what possible plans I could have for the future, what plans I have in the present, what I get enjoyment out of in life, and the personal relationships I have that are worthwhile. Those are basically the 4 criteria I considered when deciding whether or not I had anything to live for. 


For the future: I'm currently in my senior year of college (5th or 6th year senior, who's even counting at this point...). Finishing college (computer science major) will allow me to get a fairly decent job, but what is the point in that? I don't care about money at all. Like, at all. I have money now that I never spend because nothing makes me happy, especially things that can be bought. There's no motivation or reason for me to look forward to the future at all.


For the present/personal relationships: I have had 1 friend since graduating high school 5 years ago. Just 1. And this was a recent thing. I had known a girl for several years but didn't talk to her until recently because she's a lot younger than I am (18 right now). I finally started talking to her in June. We spent the entire summer together and became best friends; we're like almost the same person to be quite honest. We started dating in September and things escalated fairly quickly. She never had a boyfriend before (we're both very shy people), so it was a new experience for her, she had her first kiss, we slept together, etc. She also didn't have any friends, like at all throughout her life. So it was also nice for her to just have a friend in general. However, as of a couple weeks ago, with being like a month into her senior year of high school, she finally made friends at school for once, and stopped talking to me. I also was a bit clingy, I admit, so I suppose it was partially my fault. But essentially, it boils down to my best friend, and only friend in the past 5 years, is basically gone. She acts like an entirely different person now and rarely even talks to me anymore. Which, okay, that's her choice, she's an immature high schooler, whatever. She wants to throw me out after all of that, for some new people, fine. So now I'm back to having zero friends. None whatsoever. She made me so happy for the first time in a long time and now it's over. I only have classes 2 days a week and I work 2 days a week, so the other 3 days I literally sit home all day talking to no one and doing nothing for 14+ hours. I did start lifting weights very consistently a couple months ago (I'm a small but very fit guy), but that really isn't very important to me because what's the point in being physically healthy when you're not mentally healthy? It's not a solid reason and I don't care much about it.
I still have an online friend that I talk to occasionally that I've known for a long time, but he lives halfway around the world and is a shitty human being.


What do I enjoy: Nothing. I've lost all interest in all of my hobbies. I used to love watching anime and cartoons and playing video games. All the video games I used to play, I'm absolutely sick of now. I get no enjoyment out of them at all. In fact, I tend to feel worse after playing them. I can't even muster the energy to watch a movie or TV show and don't have the attention span to finish one even if I started it. It's been this way for a long time, I just haven't been able to tolerate it recently because I've been sober. I generally just watch youtube videos, watch Twitch streams, randomly surf the internet, and play video games all day. And I don't enjoy any of that, I just use them as a time sink. I never go out anywhere, other than school and work. 


tl;dr 

So, I do nothing and I have no one (other than my mom and dad who I live with, but it's not enough to keep me going). That girl really messed with my emotions. She was one person I trusted and cared for, and she felt the same way for a while too, but I guess it's over now. Truthfully, no one would even care if I died or would show up to my funeral, other than family members. I can't think of anything to live for. The sole reason I didn't kill myself years ago was my parents, but I just can't handle my life anymore. Every day is monotonous boredom. I get pleasure out of absolutely nothing. I have no friends. I dislike most people because I tend to find them stupid and annoying. I have no reason to care about school or a job because studying is boring and just makes me more miserable, plus my attention span is awful. A career isn't appealing because I don't care at all about money. I've been depressed for 5 years and I just can't live my life anymore. Getting through every day is a struggle. Also, I forgot to mention therapy. I tried therapy and SSRIs for like 6 months when I was about 17 but it was mostly for my alcohol problem. After I stopped drinking, I stopped seeing her. I don't think it helped much anyway, so therapy is pretty much off the table.

edit: I also forgot to mention that I have issues with sabotaging my own life. for example, always saying the wrong things, like saying something desperate in the heat of the moment, and NEVER learning from those mistakes. I also have wasted well over 10k hours playing video games in my life and don't even want to think about how much farther ahead in life I could be in terms of my social and academic life if I hadn't been so addicted to them growing up. I tend to drastically overthink things, and can never let mistakes from the past go. They haunt me and I never forget about them.

Is there anything, any glimmer of hope, anything at all, that I could possibly live for? Not my parents, that's not enough. I promised myself that if I can't come up with 2 things (1 is family, so basically just 1 more thing) that I could live for within the next 24 hours, I'll kill myself within the next week. Because after all the thought and effort I've put into this for so long, I think another 24 hours is sufficient to find something worthwhile. I've also extensively thought and researched the method I would use to kill myself, but it's against the rules to explicitly mention them so I'll just leave that out.


Sorry, again, for the length of this post. I just think my life is at least worth 20 minutes of typing, when I would otherwise be screwing around on the internet, doing nothing. And I didn't want to leave anything out.