I have $500. Do I go buy a new phone or a 9mm Smith &amp; Wesson? I lost my phone today. Losing a phone - even a $500 example like a Samsung Universe Deluxe Whatever - is not really a general cause for suicide, but the resultant causes are. 

In lieu of a story, you get bullet points. Don't like bullet points? Fuck you. 

1. Depressed since 12. Had ECT age ~18. Worked pretty well, until...
2. Chronic fatigue syndrome/fibromyalgia/y'all fucked at age 19. I'd had chronic pain issues, but they'd been attributed to depression. Gained a lot of weight from sedentary lifestyle. Walked with a cane for a while.
3. At age 22, went on testosterone therapy. It's a shitty way of dealing with #2, but the quantity of tylenol I was using on a daily basis would have nuked my liver within five years. This reduces my lifespan by 10 years, not ~60, but now I'm sterile and terrified the benefits may well be temporary. 
4. During all of this, I sort of slogged through courses at my generic Southern community college. I transferred to a proper university via BS and dumb luck, but it hasn't gone well. Two semesters in a row I've had to drop 75% of my classes due to illness, one of which turned out to be a minor bacteria that just wouldn't go away. 
5. Oh. And I'm not actually accepted to the physics program I went to the school for. So I'm dropping out. With a ~3.1 GPA. 
5. At this point, I'm not doing my coursework, I barely leave the house, and have no further interest in living. It's honestly been about like this for years, but I just don't give enough of a shit anymore to even try. I lost the phone after an all-nighter and the dreaded afternoon nap (for mysterious reasons, sleeping less than five continuous hours leaves me Alzheimers'-level disoriented - I actually don't know what day of the week it is). 

A new phone and a gun of adequate caliber (it's the south - I'm not a gun owner, but fixing that takes about forty minutes) both cost the same. One of them, however, means I don't have to keep being miserable. Also, the gun is $25 cheaper.

Addendum:

Anyone telling me to appreciate nature, consider religion, see a therapist, or take drugs can go play in a woodchipper. I've done all that shit save for religion, which I have always considered beneifical only for those too stupid to live. 