A stupid mistake...I’ve been given a perfect life. My parents love me, Ive always done well in school. When I set a goal I pretty much accomplish it. I have never really wanted for anything. I am the last person to be having these thoughts.

Despite my privilege, I make stupid stupid stupid mistakes. I accidentally do things that should be in every way avoidable.

Today I was in a car crash. It was my fault. A stupid mistake that could have killed someone. It was only through luck no one was hurt, but I shouldn’t need to be lucky. With the resources I’ve been given I should be better than this. I should be smarter than this.

But I’m not. I’ve failed.

I was not intoxicated when the crash happened, but that just makes it worse because it means my best self (not drunk/high) isn’t good enough.

I must see this situation as if someone had died because of my idiocy because it is just dumb luck that no one was hurt. I don’t know how I can get out of bed tomorrow, let alone ever drive again.

I’ve always been a little sad just due to the fact that I choke, fuck up, or make a mess when I have so much of an advantage from a privileged life over others who seem to do just fine. The crash seems like kind of a wake up call and forces me to confront the fact that with this pattern, I will never be something great or special, and from my generally nihilistic point of view I now not only am meaningless, but I only have the possibility of harming those who have found meaning in their lives.

I need a way to think about all this. I was resigned with being pointless, but if I fuck up and hurt someone, that will be the only real thing that has ever occurred in my life because it effected someone who does still care about their own existence. I’m not sure why I should keep trying when I have proven to myself that I will only fail.

I feel silly posting here, part of me says stop whining and go on... but I wouldn’t resist the end at this point.
I’m not just worth it.

Thanks for reading. I’m glad I put my thoughts in writing.
