I am angry and bitter about my life. Having a hard time finding reasons to continue on.I am nothing like the person I want to be and I think I never will be. It feels like life isn't worth living anymore.

Growing up, I looked forward to being a teenager. I thought that I would have a lot of fun and be cool. Instead, when I got to high school, I was a loser. No one liked me and I never went to any parties or had fun. I felt like a constant outsider.

Going to community college didn't change anything. It still ended up being the same; me staying at home and not doing anything. I also ended up staying for three years due to bad grades and anxiety. During this period, I probably thought the most about killing myself.

University was a little better. At least I found some friends and went to some parties and bars. I even got the chance to study abroad in Japan and moved out of my parent's home for the first time.  I finally got a taste of what I wanted, even if it wasn't that much.

However, after I graduated (at the age of 25), my life, once again, went to shit. I worked at Walmart for a year and a half and wanted to kill myself everyday I was there. I feel like this job stole my youth.

Now I'm 26 years old and feel like I'm not even close to who I want to be. I feel cheated out of all the fun times I could have had. My only real experience with women were three drunken makeouts (I don't even know if I'd even count the third one, because I didn't even want to kiss her and she was forcing herself on me). I hate that I've become one of those virgin losers even though I tried not to.

I read about seduction and even tried applying some of it and got nowhere. In fact, I think it made me worse. At least I wasn't afraid of approaching girls in the first half of high school. That shit just made me super self-aware and anxious. Plus, I still look like I'm in high school. 

I can't even find a job here in the US. All they want is experience. I had to get a job teaching English in Japan (which I'm leaving for tomorrow) because that's all I could find. But I'm freaked out about it. The world is going to shit, what with Russia, ISIS, and all these plane crashes you seem to hear about every month. I know Japan is safe, but I hate the idea of flying due to the state of the world.

Plus, I'm worried about having enough money. It seems like my employer doesn't care, despite the fact that I'm paying for everything and my salary will be low.

I hate how I have absolutely no say in what I want. However, I'm learning more about web development and hope that will make me more employable (maybe even let me work on my own). But I don't know if that will even be enough. Or maybe that I should just face the facts: that I'm always going to be miserable and grow old. That's why I think maybe I should end it all before I turn 30.