question of possibility of serious psychological self treatment without medical professionalsI've never seen a clear outlined plan to accomplish this if it is possible.  I know there are many naturopathic homeopathic or whatever to call it approaches to heath matters of all kinds because ive followed that kind of research on and off but as with most things I have trouble connecting things to make them work in a schedule.  In some cases it seems that going through the professional system is the only best way but I hate to see how it seems that so many people don't believe in change and truly not understanding why people do some of their actions and how you can feel so different about yourself and who you are and want to be at different points in life.  A lot of people seem to be understanding of this but a lot more don't.  I'm losing touch again with the people I thought were the best things I have and the ones that I know for sure would want to be there for me in a better way are just too far away to be more accessible and that's the way it has to be.  I have my vices but I never feel casual about it and often hate how its gotten in the way of appreciating the things in life that are great with or without recognition and deserve more acknowledgent because somehow we just don't see it enough in this "everything is possible future world" when it doesn't really make sense how almost any of it is possible when you really get down to the physics or metaphysical part of it.  That whole idea of the "miracle of life" is an approach that can be excessively used I know but its still there everyday and I hate to see its truth disregarded to the point of mocking it almost.  Doesn't make sense but thats how it seems.  I use sociopathic coping mechanisms and don't want to go anywhere anymore without earphones in full volume.  The streets just feel like bad things and every car and passerby is a potential enemy of a person that I don't even really want to look at.  Christianity has been something in the back of my mind that I've felt like I don't want to give up on that someday I could really do it but I've been having a hard time thinking about burning in hell forever and never dying being the right punishment for sinners no matter how evil the world feels.  I'm ashamed of how much of the problem I've been with the world in my life and am bothered by how much a persons actions can affect someones life so now I just try to be respectful, helpful, and kind as much as possible I guess but thats too much of a compliment I'm still selfish with a bad attitude and hate these problems that I don't understand why they exist.  I just got a bershka wallet that says "lost the path to follow" and "push through until the end" and "TOUGH" written all over.  I'm kind of just going with that mentality for now.  Hate that its gotten so bad and worse for others I just wanted to say something here because I'm just pretty fuckin shocked and upset by a lot of what I see here and just don't ever want to believe that people actually do it when they say they are going to.