Help.I have nothing going for me. I'm going to college because my parents drilled it into my head that I'm a failure as a human being if I don't. I don't know what I want to do and am hopping between majors. I have no clue what I want careerwise and am struggling hard in classes because of trying things I'm bad at. I'm only going to college on scholarship since my parents never set a cent aside for it; if I lose my scholarship I'm done.

I drive people I love away. Honestly the only thing stopping me is my partner right now, the first healthy relationship I've ever had. Every one before this was poison. I was used, led on, never loved.

I'm trans. Male to female. I have boobs and hips and all that jazz and no one ever questions my femininity; honestly, I get called pretty and flirted with a decent bit. But I look in the mirror and hate my body more and more. I want to just completely destroy it. I can't ever have kids, I can't ever change certain aspects of it. Chromosomes are there forever, inner plumbing is there forever. Not fixable. 

No family to speak of. My parents and I have had an awful relationship since I was really young for not meeting their standards. They were verbally and physically abusive; we had multiple physical fights, I got degraded into the ground when I didn't meet their standards (which was always.) If I ever even was worried I'd get a C in school, (which I never did,) I'd get told I just wasn't trying hard enough, even when I had no social life and no free time from studying. I have a (nonbiological) sister that adopted me and took me in around 15 or so when she learned about my parents, and I lived with her on and off as much as I was able. She's all that kept me going in high school.

Against my better judgement, I'm going to drop a really identifying detail. Hopefully a friend won't see it, but it's important to the story. I feel like I'm less than a dog. I've delved into therianism lately because I wish I had been born one, because that would be an upgrade to my life. I know it sounds weird, bear with me.

My mother replaced me with dogs since I didn't meet her standards when I was 10 or so. She told me she did. She would treat it (or later, them,) like perfect angels, that could never do wrong. They were never disciplined, never yelled at, nothing. Meanwhile, my pill-addicted mother (imagine a 5'0 lady taking over 6 percocet among other things daily,) found criticism in everything I did. I've always been jealous of the dogs, and I suppose wished I was one to maybe make her treat me decently.

I have little to speak of in terms of close friends. There are maybe two people I'd trust with anything outside of my girlfriend, but otherwise I feel pretty isolated. 

I feel my life means nothing. It's worth nothing. It's a detriment to society just by merely existing. I'm constantly depressed and all I do is bring everyone around me down - I've been told this multiple times. I failed my family by being a freak. I fail my friends by constantly needing help. My girlfriend is the only thing keeping me afloat and I constantly worry I'll lose her; I love her more than anything, she's all I have. But I still worry I don't make her happy. I know she'd be better off with someone else.

I've had suicidal thoughts for years and they're getting more and more serious. I've got a plan for how to do it. I'm trying to suppress the thoughts for the sake of her, but it's getting harder and harder.