Lost, confused, lonely and beginning to give up on everything (Xpost to a couple subreddits)I am currently 18 and going to a University I'm not sure if I want to be at. I live in the UK and am studying Computing. When I left school I wasn't sure what career path I wanted to do and since I was always on a computer/playing games I just thought computing/programming, its what I enjoy, etc. So I move on to college to do a BTEC National Diploma in Software Dev (it was pretty much Computer science though) and as the second and final year comes closer to an end, everyone is rushing work in on time to get a pass but my hopes were to go to Cardiff University which requires a DDD (Distinction x3) and my tutor checked over all my work and said yeah the point allocation would make it up to be a DDD. So I leave that day feeling happy and begin my summer holiday. Knowing pretty much the grades ive got results day wasnt really a big thing for me, but as the day drew closer i began to feel as if something wasn't right... The day comes and it turns out i got a DDM (it goes P&lt;M&lt;D) So I ring up Cardiff and ask for acceptance and no they wont accept, I then phone the exam office in the college to see what the fuck went wrong and due to a certain way they mark it, one of my grades was 'forgotton' essentially so i was down from DDD by 6 points. I did have an 'insurance' choice though which was a University closer to home but wasn't great. Deciding to just suck up i say to myself fine i'll do it. So i then apply for halls and tahts full, then the stress of looking for accomodation, but luckily I found a really esquisite rented house (seriously this is probably the best thing recently that happened, its an amazing place). But now that I am here I don't feel as if i want to be here or if I even belong here. I'm pretty much a recluse in most aspects but I don't mind that, I keep to myself and try not to particularly rely on others. The Uni itself is drab and I don't think I can continue on the course because of how I feel and things.

On the final week of college I also began to realise that as people were finishing and leaving, I wouldn't see these people again, but i thought heh well the good friends will still be around and stuff, other aquantences are just "okay i guess..." But since then people have been outright leaving and going their own ways and beginning to be left with nothing but just my family. I may be a recluse on the most part but I still like talking to people... But they are all going. Also as for my family my dad has stated that if I drop out of University he pretty much doesnt want anything to do with me, whereas my mum would be upset but would still want to try to help me with things and support me.

Over the summer holidays out of my boredom I met a girl online to talk to, at first it was just a fun and friendly person to talk to but I began to grow feelings for said person, I tried to contain them within myself but they just kept growing as I knew more about her. So a couple months pass and then things for her begin to go terrible, her roommate dies and she gets pregnant with his baby. Fastforward another month and my feelings feel to me as if they are very strong and I have given up playing games, started losing weight and gaining more confidence and such. We begin talking about eachother and me moving there in the future and having a family of our own, and of course accepting the child. Everything is sounding perfect and fine but then a week later things turn badly for the baby and she has a misscarriage, she then shunts me from her and her life in terms of moving. She still wants to talk to me and be friends, and I would rather that then lose her because I believe that she said and felt those feelings, they wouldnt just go along with the baby... right? So then she gets pretty upset herself and realises how much she actually missed her roommate and now the baby is gone, she has nothing of him left. Then I begin to hear her talking more about her roommates best friend (they call eachother brothers) and she kissed him while drunk and things. I ask her if I can talk to him and she accepts and I found out that he also has feeligns for the girl and has done for a while but never acted because she was with her roommate/his best friend and things. Last night him, her and a female friend of theirs go out and get drunk and such. I get message from him today saying he doesn't know where she is and that she stayed over, Not sure whether to think they actually did sleep together I kind of blank it knowing the situation she is in and how she feels. But when she finally shows her face she tells me that they did, many times. I instantly feel crushed not by the fact that they did sleep together entirely, but that the way she is feeling and what she said to me, did it mean nothing? and that he took advantage of her when she was drunk... has he no decency? So now I don't really know waht to say or do about that...

So now I feel crushed in terms of love because I really felt special connections with this girl, we share soo much and was willing to drop things to be there. She is pretty muc hthe only person left that I talk to other than my mum. I am in a university that I'm not sure if I want to be in or feel like i should be here, I am doing a course that I am unsure I want to do because I just don't think i feel like wokring with computers for the rest of my life, especially since I've stopped using them by about 70% since I've met this person and now i just feel lost and confused and don't have motivation to continue with things. I've been contemplating drastic measures but can't do it even though it would only effect 1 maybe 2 people from the sound of it...

Help me please, and thank you, you kind people :)