ThrowawayI've been with my SO for the past 2 1/2 years and she makes me so happy. But I barely ever see her since we're usually two states apart. Whenever I'm not with her or in pain I feel nothing and I've been searching to feel something, so I've been resorting to pain and I'm freaking myself out because I'm starting to realise how psychotic I really am. I've been seen by a few therapists but I would always leave in the middle of a session and never return because I felt that they weren't helping me. But I think I'm starting to understand I'm just a psychopath. It's scary to become self aware of this.

All I can think of is more and more intense things so I can feel something. I want to do large amounts of LSD. I want to strangle someone and watch the life drain from their eyes. I want to stab something and watch blood gush out of its body. I won't actually do these things because I know how serious the consequences are, but it scares me that this is what I feel inside and it all started when I decided I don't want to kill myself because I know my SO would kill herself too. That option was taken away from me and I'm going crazy. 

I recently came home for winter break (I go to college) and bought her a cat for Christmas. I'm allergic to cats but I fell in love with this cat. She's a super young kitten and only has three legs but I love her. And when I got to spend time with my SO and the kitty for a few hours, I felt genuine happiness for the first time in months. But due to some other circumstances I probably won't be seeing them again till spring and I don't know that I'll be in the right mental state to keep it together till then without stabbing myself. If I do, at least I'll die with a grasp of my own mortality. 

I've been awake since Friday. I also haven't left the house since Friday. Everything feels surreal. I've been slowly burning and cutting to ease the tension in my body so I can calm down during the day. I can't even trust my own mind anymore.

Anyways, I'm writing all this mostly just so I can organize my thoughts. Don't bother replying. I'm not gonna talk to you