Seriously can't take anymoreEveryday is so hard for me and I go on acting like nothing is wrong but I can't do this anymore. I go to school full time every week day and work part time with 1 day off to relax a week. I make about $200 a week and im still broke bc i have to support my house hold buying food and toilet paper and neccesities and also paying for my fathers addictions like alcohol and cigarettes on the daily. My father has no job and is on a very tight budget so thats why im stuck paying for everything, i never just spend money on things i want... My father is an alcoholic and is extremely verbally abusive towards me and my sisters. I get called a bitch, stupid, selfish (which is funny bc all i do is things for him) he's even said to me to kill myself if i want to bc i don't do anything right. I cant believe he said those words to me. Im exhausted every single night bc my dad keeps me up every night drunk screaming at me for hours on end when i have classes at 8am every single day. Ik i seem stupid for putting up with this but theres no way i could afford living on my own i could not pay $500+ rent, my $300 car insurance on top of gas money other utilities, food, necessities. I have no family to go and live with. Im afraid im just going to have to deal with this every day until i graduate college and actually have a good job with money so i can live. It's so heartbreaking bc my father is the best father in the world when hes sober.. .hes just never sober. I've been begging him to get help or to atleast cut down but when i break down in front of him and sob about how much it takes a toll on me i just get laughed at. I dont tell anyone irl about this bc its extremely hard for me to talk about and im embarrassed by it. My closest friends ive known for years dont even hear these things. The only ppl i talk to this about is my sisters but they live it with me so its more complaining than venting. Im debating opening up to my bf about this and letting him know what goes on just to have someone to talk to. Im praying for better days and help for my father.