So long and thanks for all the fishI'm done.

I've finally made my mind up about it. In a week I won't be here and the only echo left in life on my part is grief, which'll hopefully be shortlived. Worst part? I'm not even experiencing any panic or sadness over it anymore. I'm feeling very comfortable and, well, happy maybe.

I've tried really hard to not really go down this path again, at least since I got comitted. I went out, "lived life" and did what people get happy from. You'd think that would work, especially when you got the assistance of opiatic prescription drugs on your side. Even with the strongest of ships I wouldn't float, just sink slightly slower. So why not just tie a rope with a rock on the other end, take the plunge and be over with?

People have desperately tried to make me change my mind of things the last two months. Yeah, it's been hectic. I get it, my mind is fucked up. I shouldn't be thinking of the things I am, I shouldn't long for the things which I long for. I wish people could stop telling me I'm wrong, that they understand, that it gets better, and that they'll be there for me.

It doesn't get any fucking better, I should know. I've been depressed since I was fucking ten. Depression is, has, and always will be my entire life. I went through more than ten suicide attempts before I even hit fucking twelve. So don't tell me you understand me. You don't understand me any better than I understand you. There's a fucking berlin wall the height of which would reach the moon between us when it comes to understanding eachother. 

I made me mind up about promises a long time ago. The last promise I made was to myself. "I will never again make a promise!", it was. Why? Because I can't be absolutely certain that I fulfill them and there's nothing worse than an unfulfilled promise. So how someone could fucking tell me that they'll always be there for me with a straight face baffles me. No, you won't. I've have a foolproof record of shoving all that is loved away from me. How would you be any different?

At least I'm ready to leave all the confusion of life behind me. The knot is tied and here I am, sitting on the dock dangling my feet in the water. 

Catch you wankers at the bottom of it, [peace.](https://i.imgur.com/u6SbI7b.png)