Word VomitI'm 24, never been kissed, and have spent most of my life hating everything I've done.

You can check my history for what's happened in the past decade if you really care that much.

I don't have a job, don't have love, I'm sick of being alive, and I just want it all to stop. I really don't care if I'm attractive, I don't care if I'm intelligent, I don't care if I'm kind, I don't care about any of it. It all may be true, but it doesn't make up for the fact that I'm a shitty unstable mess of a person who can't find people to be with in this dead end hellhole of a pothead infested, drug addicted, sketchy ass town. I've wasted so much of my life here and I've missed out on so many experiences I'll never get back.

And do you know why I want to go on this senseless rant and kill myself? The fucking birds outside my window woke me up at 5 in the morning and I'm so unstable and angry at this point in my life that the lack of sleep is enough to set me off and make an ass of myself on Reddit. It would honestly be funny if it wasn't so sad. Well, I dunno, it's a little funny.

This has happened before and I tried to slit my throat with an exacto knife, but the "pop" of the tip of the knife as it cut through the very first layer of skin stopped me. Couldn't even draw blood.

This life is a fucking joke. I'm gonna die alone in a town I hate without ever experiencing love. Sure, you can be happy without, but why cripple your happiness like that?

I'm doing my best, I'm gonna spend all the money I have trying to move somplace where there is actual work and people who are doing things with their lives. I'm just so tired. I just want to give up hope. I just hate my life so much. I hate myself indescribeably. Such a pathetic waste of human life. 

Okay I'm done with my emotional purge. I'm going to try going back to sleep. I'll still be here tomorrow, but I can only hope that maybe one of these days I'll get around to injecting KCl into my veins.

So many typos. My hands are too big for mobile...