Ruined everything and dont see a reason to continueSorry for bad english but finnish is my first language. 

The last 5 months have been just constant downhill for me. It started when my girlfriend of 8 years left me and all of my friends with her. I was broken as fuck and the only people i could talk to were my parents.
Me and my father never had a good relationship and when i went over to his place just to talk to someone he just told me he had no time to hear about my problems and i could come back when i sorted my shit out. My mother always liked my girlfriend more than me so she just blamed me for everything what happened and how she lost her best friend because of me. 
After having no one to talk to for 2 months i lost my shitty job what was the only job i was able to get without a degree since i had to drop out of school(no idea if its called college here in finland but basically i was learning computer programming) to help my mother who was in wheelchair when she had my little sister and couldnt take care of her alone and my stepfather had to travel alot in his work and was the only source of income for my family. 
I was able to sustain myself couple months eating only ramen/random pasta dishes. Only thing i did the last 5 months was sleep and stare at the ceiling trying to come up with reasons to continue trying. After losing my job and finally having no money the bills started to pile up and yesterday i lost my home and im at the moment in debt for about 1500-2000€(doesnt sound like much but i was making 1400 a month and the last 3-4 months ive made 300 a month) and i see no way to pay it.
About 1 month ago i found someone worth living for and she made me actually feel happy for the first time in 4-5 months but now without a home or a job or anything else than her to live for it just feels like the last 5 months ruined my life and there is nothing i can do to make her happy or even want to be with me. 
She knows i lost my job but i havnt told her about losing my home or about my debt or about the last shitty 5 months because if she doesnt take it well i just dont see how i can keep going. Im planning on telling her today everything what has been going on in the last 5 months and im scared as fuck.
 It actually feels good to write this since ive never told the whole story to anyone. Everyday when im alone without her i just see no reason to try to dig myself out of this pit ive gotten myself into and i just fear that when she hears all this she wont want to be with me and then ive got nothing what makes me feel something good or make this life worth living. 

Again sorry for bad english and bad formatting.