I really don't know where to turn to anymore.I'm 32.i haven't had a stable place to call home since I was 8. Moving around here and there and as soon as things start going well and I move on the the next step in my plans for a better future, everything falls to shit. I've had to rebuild my life from scratch about nine times now. When I say from scratch, I mean the only thing I had to my name was a shitty phone and the clothes on my back. I'm done doing this over and over again for it to always end up this way. I can't do it anymore. I'm currently homeless, penniless, and hungry, sitting with the only things I own in life in my shitty car that won't go more than a mile without breaking down. I actually own the car! Can't even sell it though because I can't afford the insurance and it's a PoS!

What else is there? I tried to get another job, but guess what? Credit Check!! And I recently got evicted from my apartment to I couldn't even get the job because of a fucking imaginary 3 digit bullshit number! I don't have family or friends I can go to get back on my feet and the state/city I live in is very expensive. Even if I did get a job, I couldn't even pay to get to work and at this point, that's too much time.

I had goals and a plan and even motivation, but life keeps wanting to give me the good ole fuck you kick back down the stairs and this time I'm not getting back up. I'm stuck in an endless cycle that I've been dealing with for 24 years. I tried, I really did every single day of this worthless shitty existence. Nothing became of it. I failed at every turn. I'm tired y'all. I don't have the strength to keep doing this and every single time I've asked for help, I've always gotten the same bull. Oh, I'll pray for you, you can't give up, it'll get better. It doesn't for some people, it just keeps going on. I'm not asking for help anymore cause it doesn't do anything. I'm just asking for understanding. This is too difficult for one person to deal with while I see people that don't try a day in their life get rewarded. Throwing in the towel sounds 10 times better than going another 20 years of this.