I can’t bring myself to pull the trigger but I want to kill myselfI’m just a complete fuck up. I’ve been wanting to kill myself ever since I was about 11 and my dad died of Liver Cancer but instead I just distanced myself from my friends and people around me and never really mentioned it. I loved my dad with all my heart even though I didn’t really show it and he wasn’t really around. He wasn’t a deadbeat dad or anything it’s just that my mom and dad weren’t married and he lived in New York and we lived in a different state but I’d see him. I’m 15 now and it’s only gotten worse. As I’ve grown within these past four years I’ve been through it all, especially rejection. All the girls I’ve liked and actually confessed to have given me the worst rejections ever from calling me a “short ugly fuck” to being lead on on purpose for the girls fun and having them tell me their dating someone. The worst part is some of the girls that have lead me on and rejected me have tried talking to my younger cousin when they know me and him are related. This just made my self confidence and image shattered to the point where I don’t even try to fall in love anymore in fear of getting hurt again and being laughed at. Along with that I’m always being compared to him by people because of my bad grades and being ugly to him who is an honor student with all A’s and good looks and being apart of the football team. I was also suspended for 10 days recently for having weed edibles on my person in school. I’ve never really liked school because it’s a place where they force me to talk to people when I just want to be alone.

As I grew over the years I started getting more involved in crime from smoking and selling weed to making guns with my friend. I honestly feel like he’s the only one that would understand what I’m going through because he’s tried to kill himself in the past for his own reasons but that was before I knew him. I honestly don’t care about my life anymore so I don’t really care about anyone else’s life. That’s not me saying I’d kill someone for no reason but if I really had a hate towards you and I had the chance to kill the person I’d take it in an instant. The only person I really live for is probably my mom who recently had knee replacement surgery so I help her around the house doing things for her and helping her go to the bathroom and other things. I have an older brother and sister but I don’t talk to them either because of the fact that they’ve tried to take advantage of my mom not being able to walk or have just been complete assholes to me. They’ve taken money from her and have even made her cry. I wanna kill myself but it would destroy my mom as I’m the youngest out of my siblings and I was the only one who really has always helped her. I don’t have the courage to call a suicide hotline or any of those other things in fear that they’ll tell my mom or try and get my school involved. I definitely don’t wanna talk to a doctor or anything because they all claim they know what’s wrong and prescribe you some drugs just so they can get a paycheck when they don’t know what’s wrong with me at all. My friend would let me borrow his glock without me telling him what my intentions are. He doesn’t know about what I’m going through but I’m too much of a pussy to pull the trigger. I’m writing this as one of my last attempts to get help before I actually go through with killing myself. What should I do?