I really don't knowI just got waitlisted for a job that i've wanted for 5 years. I wrote 30 paragraphs for my application, and i poured my soul into it because the place this job is is the only place that has ever felt like a home to me. I feel like i'm never going to find someone who loves me. Every time i've dated someone i never really felt loved, and i know the person i like right now will never love me back. All of my friends are getting into colleges and doing the things in their lives that they want to do, and i just feel replaceable. I know that i'm the disposable friend that's left out of trips and activities because there wasn't enough space for me to go. I know that i'm not going to be able to do the things i want to in life. I want to be a doctor or a musician, but i cant focus enough to remember anything for chem tests. I've been faking that i know what I'm doing for so long that i don't know how to be real about anything anymore. i don't feel like i'm worth anything, and i've been dragging people down with me because of it. the only reason i've dated some people before wasn't because i loved them, but because i just wanted to feel like someone actually cared about me. Plus i have a problem with imagining my future before i know if something will happen or not, and when the match that started the flame of my future never lights, my life just topples. I've been trying to distract myself with the things i like, a few TV shows i watch just came out with new seasons, but now they're over. I wish i could restart my life somewhere new, but i can't. My art wont improve, no matter how hard i practice. I can't memorize anything i need to for school, no matter how hard i study. my music just doesn't fit, no matter how many melodies or tempos or beats i've tried. I was told to fake it till i make it, but i feel like ill never make it, and faking it is all i've been doing.

&amp;#x200B;

I really don't know- a bit of a song because im not feeling the best.

&amp;#x200B;

I've been crying, but i know that someday i'll run dry of these tears.

I've been trying, but soon reality will catch up to my fears.

and i know I've never really loved,

it's because I've never been enough.

sometimes I'd rather watch from above,

than to search for diamonds in this rough.

&amp;#x200B;

i'm tired.