I want to kill myself (really long post)(Sorry for bad English) I'm  15 years old and i possibly have some mental disorder. I get angry at pretty much everything. When I was about 7-12 is probably my peak of anger. I would flip out just because my brother jokingly call me fat. And when I'm angry I would slump down on the chair, clench my fist and sat there like a crazy person. Even though now I'm getting better. My anger is less intense and I stop being angry faster. I still get angry really easily. Which make me very annoying or you could say a killjoy. My older brother is better than me in every single way. He is good-looking, smart, can play both guitar and piano really well, he is in good shape and good at sport while I'm out of shape and can't even run for 5 minutes. But most importantly he is a relaxing guy. He doesn't get angry easily like me. Everybody in my family like him. But when my family goes on a trip, like goes on a restaurant, I will always get angry for some reason and kill the mood for everyone else. Let's just say they would rather me be at home and they actually enjoying the trip. About friends I actually have some friends. But not best friends. They are like casual friends. Friends that I hangout with at school. But not a friends that hangout at each other houses or go see a movies with.
I have so many problem in life. Though I'm pretty sure to other people this is nothing. I'm kinda overdramatic in that I overthink stuff too much. And that make me stress all the time. And most importantly I'm very self conscious. I'm always afraid of people looking at me. And I am very shy. I can't even talk to my distance relatives. Also I'm kind of a loser. I would rather lose instead of doing hardwork and win. Which makes me give up everything in life. My family is very into music. And in my life I have learn guitar,piano and violin. Which I'm not good with any of them because I gave up half way through the lessons. I'm a kinda guy who says "whatever, let's just do it tomorrow". Because I always give up. And I almost never felt happy. My normal state is stress and annoyed. And the reason I use my computer alot is to watch my favorite TV show because it make me happy at that moment. But as soon as I stop watching. I'll turn back into my normal stressful mode.
But my mental health is not my only problem. My physical health is also a problem. I'm fat, like really fat. I am shortsighted, in that I can't see anything further than 10 cm away from my face without my glasses. My right ear hear less for some reason. And I have flat foot. And it's hurt when you stand or walk for too long (my weight is also possibly have something to do with it). Again this might sound really casual. But my head is screwed up and make me anxious about stupid thing that other would brush off as nothing. I don't know what to do to make me into a normal person mentally. I just want to know how its feel to not be angry and stress all the time. And not to be afraid of people and being able to talk to them like normal people do.
I think about killing myself quite alot when I go into mental breakdown. There are 2 major things that make me decide to not kill myself. 1. I feel like I will missed the rest of my life that I could enjoy like video games or movies that will come out after I die and I'm afraid of not knowing anything after I offed myself. 2. I don't wanna die painfully. I feel like if I had a gun I might have kill myself in a fit of rage. My mom wants me to go on mental course that will help me become better. I know that's it's good for me but my loser trait make me lazy. And when I refused to go on a course my mom (who is also have anger issues) will become angry and that make me even more stress. And make me think about suicide more and more. I just wanted to be a normal kid.

Sorry for the long post