Here goes nothing.  Sorry, this is long.  It's years of explanation that have been pent up. I feel pathetic posting this on a public forum.  I guess I'm just looking for someone who would have some kind of reason or even can relate to what I've been going through almost my entire life.

I can remember my first thought of suicide at the age of 6.  I wanted to run out into the middle of the street and hoped to get hit by a passing car.  I remember where I was standing in front of my house, looking around to see if anyone saw me, and, then, I started running towards the street; but, I stopped.  My thoughts were, "What if I don't succeed?  Then I'm going to get the worst beating of my life and still have to suffer through all of this." 

It's almost 20 years later, and that has been my biggest fear ever since.  I do not want to get others involved, and I do not want to fail.  

At the age of 13, I started cutting myself, and I have been struggling with this off and on throughout the years.  I kept it a really hidden secret for two years until I confided in a close friend about my cutting and about a beating I had received from my father.  That friend then called the cops, and they came over to my house.  I told them that my father didn't beat me because I didn't want to see him go to jail; they took pictures of my scars from cutting and threatened to take me away if I did it again.  After the cops left, I kept getting yelled at for being a stupid, ignorant bitch for getting my father in trouble like that and for doing those things to my body.  I can understand this view of things.  I really can, but the cutting, for me, is almost like an addiction.  It has been my only friend during my depression and sadness.  The release is almost euphoric.  And, just the thought of how wonderful harming myself feels, gets me excited for the release that I could feel from the pain of suicide.

I have been planning my suicide for a very long time now.  I've had the gun to my head; I've had the rope around my neck.  I just haven't gone through with it because attempting suicide is like a gamble.  I do not want someone that I love to have to clean up a mess.  I do not want to have to see my mutilated corpse.  I don't want them to be the first to find me.  I wish there was just a place that could assure me that I will die and that the people that I love will not be able to view any part of it.  

I'm very confident in my choice to commit suicide.  I know that I will do it one day.  I just need to find the perfect way to do it.  

Lately, I have been thinking more heavily about it.  The only times that I don't think about suicide is when I feel like I have purpose in life and when someone is relying on me.  How pathetic, huh?  I see no point in having a life that imposes such burdens and frustration on others.  

I'm a complete failure.  I had my first professional internship in the engineering field before I even graduated high school.  I was accepted to some of the most prestigious colleges in the states.  I had a wonderful plan to marry my now ex-fiance (of 5.5 years) and have a family with him.  But, now, I was denied the ability to go to these colleges because my parents did not want me so far away.  And, even after going to a local college, I couldn't finish school due to finances.  That wonderful ex cheated on me with 5 girls in the time we were together and stole my virginity.  I can't even walk into my church for help in fear of getting excommunicated because I had sex with my ex.  My life is a complete waste now.  And, I would really like to be able to find a way to end it as soon as I can. 

Has anyone else felt this way for so long?  Do you know why?  Did you ever get over it?  How?


Edit:  I wanted to thank everyone who took the time to read this and to respond.  Thank you for sharing your unique experiences, lessons, advice, and stories. I know that this may not mean much, but I do love each of you for doing this. 