I just wanted to fall in love.I'm 23. People around me are already getting married. People around me already had relationships all throughout college, high school, maybe earlier. I never had any of that. I was too focused on school. I tried to hard not to make anyone feel uncomfortable. I finished high school with out ever going on a date, I finished college with out ever learning how to start a relationship.

"it just sorta happens," some have told me. That just means "it sorta" won't happen for everyone. I wish I was strong enough to live with it. I admire monks and thinkers who could live for more without ever needing someone else. But I'm not them.

I work at a banquet hall. Every shift I get reminded of what I missed out on, what I will never have.

"If you think you won't, you never will." And if I think I will, how will I know I'm not lying to myself? I don't know how to change. Apparently I need to to survive. Well I guess I'm not surviving.

We only have our past experiences to go on. Everything is extrapolated from that, whether it be sensory or psychological. Well, I've never attracted anyone. And I don't see how I can.

What's more sad? One who's deluded themselves into thinking they're someone they aren't, who was always going to fail? Or is it the one who realizes their inability and lack of worth and takes the fall early.

"You've made it this far."

Putting aside the fact that arguments for continuing life are repeated iterations of sunken-cost fallacy, that statement implies that there's a set destination for my life. That statement isn't incorrect in and of itself. There is a set destination that we all are predestined to reach: death. Everything else is unknowable, except what extrapolation we can make from prior experience. Knowing that, all I've known from before are disappointment, therefore all that is ahead of me is disappointment.

"Life is what you make of it;" "You have to be the one to change yourself;" etc.

Clearly I am not functional enough to be successful. Clearly I am inferior. It's better if I don't pass my genes on anyway. If the world operates on survival of the fittest, then I am not fittest and therefore I ought to not survive. I am the proverbial chaff that must be removed from the wheat.

"Your family loves you."

If they do, then they'll accept that I want to end my pain. If they do, then they accept that, given that I will never know the love I want (the love of a wife), that I want to end my constant losing fight with self-loathing.

I am my own worst enemy, and I will triumph over myself one way or another.

I must die so that the pain of living I feel will end. I must die, so that I will no longer feel the regret that comes with being utterly alone. No friend, no sibling or parent can give me the existential validation I desire. Should I go on living a hollow pretense of life? Or should I finally let my body mingle int the grave where my mind awaits?

Forgive me, a sinner
