do you recognize warnings signs in your own behavior?i'm in therapy and on medication and i've been feeling much better after a long period of depression. but in a way i also feel worse. when i was profoundly depressed, nothing mattered. i was barely working, not engaging with people, doing nothing and sleeping a lot. but the therapy and medication has pulled me out of that quicksand and now that i am aware and breathing and living again.... i'm looking around like oh wait, what was the point? why am i pushing? why am i trying? even with the therapy and medications, i'm still having major fights with my partner and still enduring abuse from my mother and still trying to survive in a low-paying job. all that's different now is that i have the mental awareness to recognize it instead of being depressed and not caring. i feel like therapy/meds just revealed my problems. and i'm sure the point should be that now i have the power to change them, and i was optimistic about that for a while. but i can't help but feel like it's a lose-lose situation. i've been like this my whole life. my problems will always be my problems. my partner doesn't understand me, and our relationship has steadily unearthed the fact that i am very much like my mother, a woman that tormented me and raised me in a very toxic environment, and if i continue living i feel like i'm only going to poison the world and anyone in my path. why subject the world to someone like me?

&amp;#x200B;

lately i've been punching myself in the face. i used to cut a lot and have been thinking about sharp objects again. i look up images of cutting and people who have died by suicide and other dead things. i'm fascinated. i'm sure it's not helping me, but sometimes it's still soothing to see other options out there. that there is an exit strategy. but... is that okay? is this a warning sign i should look harder at? 

&amp;#x200B;

i want to be dead more than i want to die. i want to just be done, gone. no longer existing. i want to be erased. i have access to lots of different prescription medication but have also been thinking of getting a gun.