I thought it was getting easierI wouldn't know who to give a suicide note to. I've been waiting ever since I was too little to understand the concept of suicide for my life to feel worth living. Maybe I am too selfish. Maybe I am too picky. Maybe I'm just sensitive, more than others. Maybe I have been too damaged to ever be repaired. I cannot know for sure. Let alone that I am not God, I cannot know of what is ever truly right in the universe, I don't think I have someone to pick my brain apart and figure out where the pain is. It stopped mattering what happens to me. I am sad anyway. I am sad when I am being treated like garbage to those who are supposed to love me and care for me. I am sad when I am out to eat and buying nice things. I am sad when I am around a lot of people. I am sad when I am alone. I am always so sad, and I can barely explain why. I just do not know. I have been through many ages, a lot of my childhood, now my teen years, and throughout playing, bullying, learning, struggling, being outside, being online, and growing up as a whole - I still remain so sad. At my core, I think I will always be this broken, less than worthy person. I can cheer up, I can have my moments of being excited about something, but it always fades too soon, and I never forget what it felt like. I mourn the lost of every happy moment I feel was wasted or too short more than I even experience them. I don't want to feel like this anymore. I don't know what else to do. I'm still scared, but it feels like suicide is the only relief I will have from this sadness, even if it means my existence is gone completely. I suppose my entire life has been worthless, if I cannot even be happy for myself, then definitely not improve others' lives or the world around me in some way. I feel guilty for that, to stay alive with a worthless life, but I am still selfish - I think. I would want my last day to be a peaceful one as possible, as an eighteenth birthday present, even if it's late. I know I do not want anyone in my family at my funeral. I don't want them to touch my dead body, or try to put flowers over my grave, or anything like that. I want to disappear from them and they would never hear back from me. I want to find somewhere where no one would find me. Maybe, I could find some nice space outside, or some abandoned shed. I would write a will, but I fear it wouldn't be respected, and I would have no way of defending myself. Like life, even in death, I am so powerless to what happens to me. I hate being powerless. I at least want my will respected and I know it wouldn't be. That makes me so sad. I don't know if I will ever feel in control of anything, I don't even have the motivation to do things anyway. But when I am an adult, I plan on killing myself as soon as possible.