The inertia's finally running outI've spent the last 2 or so years suppressing my desire to kill myself, to finally die and not have to deal with any of this shit anymore, and I don't even know why. I don't know why I've kept going until this point, other than the fact that I'm too poor to buy a gun. I dream about it. I fantasize about it. It's the only remaining thing I have to look forward to- my job is a dead end, I'm not going to college, I have no real friends, nothing to make me want to stick around. I'm beyond the point where this is just a quick escape from a bad situation- my life has been shitty and pointless for years now and I'm sick of coasting along just because I can't bring myself to do anything else. I'm unwilling to put the time and effort into spending years in college to maybe change something, or to try and find a new shitty job that pays just as little that amounts to nothing more than a change of scenery, or to find someone to talk to about this to try and hear them explain why my life is a precious thing I shouldn't waste or some shit like that.  I'm just sick of this. There is not a single aspect of my life that appeals to me in any way any longer, and I'm tired of staying in a world I don't want to be part of just because it's expected of me. I just want to end this, I've dragged it out long enough already. I don't stand to gain anything by continuing in this grain, all that'll happen is I'll just postpone it even longer. 

Hell, I don't even know why I'm bothering to post this, because at the end of the day I'm just gonna force myself to go to work in a few hours like nothing's wrong, then come home to dream about finding a loaded gun again. I don't want to be talked out of it, I don't have any way to do it in the first place. I guess I'm just doing this because this is the kind of thing suicidal people are supposed to do. I genuinely don't care if any of you are interested in trying to talk me out of this, I just feel like saying shit that there's no way I could say under my real name.