life shouldn't be this hard8 months ago, shortly after graduating college, I left the country having gotten my dream job that I had wanted since I was 14 years old. When I got there, it turned out to the be the opposite of anything I thought. I got food poisoning and heat stroke the first week I was there. I may have had a UTI as well. An old back injury flared up because I had no bed. My apartment was filled with cockroaches. No one would talk to me except when I was at work and even then, they used a dialect I couldn't understand and it was very hard. I had no car, no phone, no internet. There was no public transit near to me. I wanted to kill myself but I decided to come home instead. I thought it would be better. Some things are. I am no longer sick off all food I eat, but my eating disorder came back. I feel like a failure all of the time. I went back to school and it's really hard. I failed a class fall semester and I'm struggling with taking it again this semester. I couldn't get a job for months after I got back and when I did, it was strenuous (in a school cafeteria). I had to quit. Now I suffer from chronic pain. I can't work. I'm in pain all of the time. I live with my parents and must commute to school by bus 1 hour each way, 5 days a week. I have no car. I have no money. I am running up a bill on my credit card, it's over a thousand dollars already. I also have over 40 thousand dollars in student loan debt. My eating disorder screws with my head all of the time. I feel fat. I am fat. None of my clothes fit me at all. I am literally scared to get up in the morning because I know I have nothing to wear other than sweat pants and sweat shirts. I have no money for clothes. I try to exercise but I am tired and weak all of the time. I could eat 3000 calories a day and I would still not have energy for even half the day. I go to the doctor quite often. I take 8 or 9 prescriptions daily for various diseases. My body fails me. My life is a mess. Maybe I'm not taking a knife to my wrist, but the option of lying in bed and never ever getting up again becomes harder to resist every day. Or maybe take too many of the prescription pain pills that never dull my pain. Everything hurts all of the time, emotionally and physically. It's getting harder to fight.