My mother found me after I overdosed and left me thereI'm a 19 year old former uni student. I dropped out of studying for a degree in manufactured engineering just before christmas. I moved out of the city I'd lived in these past 4 years and moved back in with my mother.

We argued a lot, or to be more accurate I'd piss her off by not realising x thing needed doing (because she wouldn't say anything, just silently fume) and she'd yell at me. Tell me I'm disgusting, lazy, not mentally ill, dirty, vile. She told me, a borderline personality sufferer, that I'm a manipulator. That I use people... that I'm a train of self destruction that hurts everyone in my life and leaves them.

She's been this way all my life, and started saying this stuff to me when I was around 10. I finally realise that she doesn't actually believe these statements, rather she remembers things I've mentioned. She knows I'm scared of becoming a user and she decides to hurl it at me because she *knows* it'll hurt me. She says statements knowing that it'll hurt, and when I cry she raises her voice, then yells about me acting like a baby by crying. She takes enjoyment out of belittling me when she's hurt by something that I've accidentally done. 

So christmas eve I took a overdose of dihydrocodeine and amitriptyline. I took about 15 pills each. I began to fall asleep whilst eating pizza in the evening. My mother kept shouting me and asking me "how can you sleep sitting up?". I could still respond at this point but in a slurred way, saying I was just very tired.

I went to bed. My mother promised me that she would wake me in 20 minutes, so it'd be a nap as it was only 6pm ish. My last memory is sitting on my bed as she promised me she'd wake me.

I woke at 3am with no memory of what I'd done, hallucinating. Every time I'd close my eyes I'd see something, and when I opened them I'd see even more disturbing things. I have hallucinations due to BPD so it didn't disturb me too much.

I woke my mother up around 11am christmas day with a coffee. Later in the day I began remembering what had happened, my overdose and asked her if she tried to wake me. She looked at me and said "I tried, you wouldn't wake up. I shook and pulled you and you carried on asleep. So you overdosed?". I admitted it. She just nodded. She didn't look upset or angry or even empty or defeated, just mildly annoyed. I asked her why she didn't phone an ambulance. She just said I was still breathing.

My life has gone into shambles. I sleep on my mothers fold up bed in the hallway of her one bedroom flat. I have no friends, no purpose, nothing. I live with a soul destroying mental illnesses which leaves me on the verge of abusing people regularly, and in an effort to not hurt people I hurt myself through cutting and burning and using drugs and alcohol, and have done for nearly 10 years.

I am heavily scarred, most are keloid. Red and purple and silver keloid scarring, raised and dents in my skin, all over from my arms to my breasts to my legs. I pissed myself the other month because the prescription painkillers, the constant use for years have done something to my bladder. I suffer with stomach pains due to the amount of pills I regularly take. I have no job, and considering the fact I can't even talk to people without stuttering and struggle to do basic things like go to the supermarket or talk  to strangers it's no easy feat to get a job. Still I had a volunteer job at my old city, but I live too far away now.

I'm broken, finally broken, and my own mother left me knowing I could die, because only a stupid person can walk on somebody unconscious and unable to wake and decide that theres zero chance that person will die.

