I think I'm gonna kill myself tonightFor context, this is what I might send some people before I go downstairs and do it, I'm a 13 year old male, I know that a lot of the reasons I've posted here aren't even good reasons to kill myself but, I'm just tired of life
Why? You wanna know why? I feel like my parents couldn't care 
Less about me, giving the minimum they have to and that's it, I don't know if others know I'd like them to go to parents day, but they don't, I'd like them to play games to me, but they don't. the fact that I'm bestfriendless, and that my two closest friends would rather stay with each other alone than stay the three of us, the fact that all my friends insult me everyday, that they've thrown trash on me and stuff it in my bag, they've broken my stuff and never repaid it, theyve ignored me, and only seem to care a bit more when I stop pretending to be happy, and show how I've felt for oh so long. The fact that my social anxiety stresses me about almost every action I take, and the few choices I'm certain about my friends act like I've murderered someone, that I know how bad I am in maltese, and have to write thousands of words in a matter of 2 months in it, and get told off by my friends for being incapable of being good at it, the pure amount of homework that is given, and yes I know every student gets it but, that my procrastination makes me wait till the last minute to do anything,making all my work shit, and when I do put effort In it, I'm put down since all the teachers have favorites which are mainly my friends, and the teachers seem tohate me. That my parents don't understand I cant chew tough meats, and then give me a steak and complain that I'm a picky water for not being able to chew it, they tell me to cut a small piece, they tell me to chew harder,and when I still can't chew it they leave with a disappointing look. That my brother is basically a permanent daily put downer, who tells me to kill myself twice weekly. The secret that I have a crush and can't tell anyone because its a guy.the fact that I don't get 8hours of sleep ever, the absolute pain stacking boredom I get that is washed away by binge watching, that I've had to lie to my friends just so they accept me, the fact that I'm not happy by the way I look, and have been mildly anorexic in the past,  And the fact that I could kill myself so easily,makes it so hard to resist. If I do end up sending this to anyone, no, I do not have depression, that is when you are depressed for no reason at all, and nor am I suicidal, I just don't want to have ever existed, but really, if I could just snap my fingers and not have existed, I'd do it.
The only person I feel like actually is nice to me, is (blank) and (blank), granted I feel like, or at least want to feel like, some of my friends do actually care, but for example today, I stopped pretending to be happy,(blank) didn't really seem to care, and only talked to me when (blank) asked him to. Im not gonna get into the online shit, since it's not a big deal and you'd have no idea what's going on.
If you received this, and I've done what I've done, do not feel guilty,