Tired.I'm on disability for an anxiety disorder and manic depression.

I live next to my parents, including my abusive narcissist mom.

I have no stove in which to cook. I'm tired of microwave dinners. The thought of fast food makes me want to vomit. Getting burnt out on cold sandwiches.

Even if I had a stove my mom took all of my cooking stuff, so I'm limited to just a spoon and a cup anyway.

I would do anything for one HOT meal. A meal that isn't processed food or cold. a HOT ~healthy~ meal. Or at least some what healthy.

The thought of ramen makes me want to vomit as well.

I'm debating on just picking up smoking again, it's obvious I can't afford to eat nor do I have the necessary tools to do so. I quit 4 years ago on the 7th of this month.

I have no car so I can't just "go out" and buy something.

My dad brought me a burger from BK which I did not want. Just onion rings which is one of the few fast food things that doesn't make me want to hurl chunks. So it's just another meal I get to skip. I didn't want to seem ungrateful so I just threw it in the fridge. It would be SO nice not to have a stinging pain of hunger.

I live out in the middle of no where so I can't just walk anywhere either. I'm just tired. I don't see the fucking point in living at this rate.

Something about New Years always brings out the worst in my depression. I usually do ok by myself 24/7 even on holidays, but I really struggle during the New Years bullshit. Not to mention my period is due any day now so I'm sure i'm being overly emotional as well at the moment.

I would sell my soul for a fucking hot healthy meal once a week.

I'm 100% isolated. I don't have any friends that can drop by with something that's not gross or just to hang out or whatever to get me out of the house. I'm burnt out on the shit I eat regularly and i'm burnt the fuck out on living.

My self injury has gotten a lot worse recently as well. My legs are a complete war zone. No mild chicken scratches, they are cut the FUCK up. I'm sure i'll have another session tonight, I'm kind of teetering on a melt down. 

It's pretty bad when the skin on your legs has dulled down the box cutter you use. I'm gonna have to invest in another one as well as some anti septic stuff. I ran out of the anti septic stuff I apply to my legs after I'm done.

Just tired. I don't even know where to begin on how to get better or change my life.






