I am stuck there is no other solutionThis a long post and it’s more of a vent than anything else.


So let me start by saying that i had the worst childhood and its still affects me to this day (im 21)

Im not sure if this is abuse but my parents always beat me, my father was really strict and i didn’t have any relationship with him, the only time he would talk to me is to ask me if have any exams or if i got my grads back.  And because i struggled at school he would come back home from work and start beating for minimum of 2 hours straight. He would hit me with the metal side of the belt on my face he would punch me, and when i start crying and covering my face he would yell at me and tell me to put my hands down so he can hit me directly in the face, he would pick me up and throw me on the ground and get on top of me and start chocking me until i start gagging and thinking that im gonna die. One time he he told to get my head under the sink but i was afraid so i begged him to keep beating me in his bedroom instead, so he did and i still wonder to this day what did he want to actually do by telling me to put my head in the sink. So after he’s done beating me he would tell me to kiss his feet and then go to bed.
He would then bust the door open while am asleep at 2am or so, wake me up and keep beating me.

This was my whole childhood with him until the age of 18, i didnt like my father because we never spoke about anything.

At the age of 18 i traveled to Europe to continue studying abroad, this was the best decision of life as it was a getaway from the hell i was living in, now im in my third semester and im failing miserably to the point that im probably going to be deported ( i have a student visa), so not only im going to get deported but im a failure and disappointment to my family too.
Even tho they were shitty to me they spent alot of money for me to study abroad and i just can’t tell them the truth ( that im failing ) and on top of that i cant get back to live with him i really cant, i wanted to get a job there so i can afford a place to live by myself but the truth is im from a third world country and you need a high paying job to be able to afford living by yourself ( we dont have minimum wage there).

so im most likely getting deported, im a failure and stupid, im a disappointment and caused my family to shell out money for me to study abroad just to fail miserably at the end. And i can’t be honest with my father i choose death rather than him knowing.

I was thinking abt offing myself alot for the past months just to prepare myself mentally because i know at some point when i get expelled from my university i have to do it, there is no way around it, but to be honest im scared of dying idk whats there on the other side and i dont want to die alone isolated in my room and i still have to figure out how to do it in the easiest way possible.

Anyways sorry about the formatting and the lack of better vocabulary im really bad at putting my thoughts into words