I don't see any better options.I'm almost 21 and I've totally wasted my life. My work history is none. 

Why don't I work? Because every time I've tried, it hasn't worked out. There's always something. I should have at least 2 years of work experience by now, but because of circumstances, some my own fault and others not, I have none. 

I have no higher education. I have one real friend. I had one meaningful relationship and she ghosted me. I have no parents, and my relationship with the rest of my family is bad. I'm now financially cut off. 

But I'm still young. I should be able to turn this around, right? Maybe but every attempt I make fails. There's always something in the way. Right now I'm taking care of my elderly grandmother. 

I have goals, I'll never achieve them. The language I'm learning to move to another country? Simply a time waster. Even if I saved enough money to go, what makes me think I'll have better luck there? At best I'll be some creepy fucking expat. I'll never have a job. I'll never have a family. I'll be a constant disappointment to anyone I bring into my life.

I'm extremely ugly, and while proper grooming goes a long way, I look inbred as fuck. I might be, I don't even know. Or maybe fetal alcohol syndrome. It could go either way. 

My IQ has dropped significantly. I was tested as a child and scored 120, now I'm around 100. I'm a fucking mental midget and I don't understand. 

Oh and now I have fucking IBS or something. Does anyone care? No. I can't even find peace while I shit anymore. Shitting, sleeping and showering are the only solace in my life and god or whatever is out there stole one of those precious moments from me. Fuck. 

Why the fuck should I subject myself to 30 more years of this shit on the rare chance I'll find the ability to change? There's something deeply wrong with me. I don't want to do this. I cannot do this. I can't find a single reason not to shoot myself. 

As soon as certain obligations are over, I intend to kill myself. I'm not sure the best way. I've been in too much denial to do enough research, but I guess now's the time. 

Fuck everyone that contributed to the mess that is my existence. I've been robbed of normalcy and I deserved better. I deserved a normal life. I'm not sad, I'm angry. I'm constantly angry. Fuck. I want to beat the fuck out of someone. I want to break everything. I want to destroy myself.