Tomorrow, I shall attempt reaching freedom.It took a lot of convincing to myself and courage to post this, but here it goes.

I can't take the torment anymore. Not only have I been dealing with mental illnesses for years, but my mother has damaged me further, and my dad left me behind to soak in my mother's nearly-constant rage. A few years ago, after I started seeing therapy for my parents fighting, I was diagnosed with an array of illnesses: panic disorder, anxiety, depression, and schizoaffective disorder. Soon after that, my dad couldn't take the fighting anymore, so he left my twin and I with my mother to live somewhere else. My mother was and still is mad at him for leaving us behind without financial support, so she has and still is letting her fury out on me.

I'm scared to live. I haven't had a decent day in a long time. I can't go a day without auditory hallucinations/panic attacks and/or getting yelled at or sometimes even hit. I have attempted suicide twice in the past - both were overdoses. The first time, I was hardly affected. The second time... close, but no cigar. I hadn't attempted suicide since two years ago. I thank my best friend of two years managing to give me a reason to live... it's a shame we hardly contact each other anymore. I miss him so much... almost as much as my dad. Thankfully, I'll get to see my dad one last time tomorrow, for his birthday. I say it's my last time, as I plan to attempt suicide the same way I tried the two other times. 

If I manage to succeed, well... I guess my mother will be finally happy to not have a waste of space around anymore, bothering her with each inch of her life. And my sister, she won't have to worry about me ruining her plans with my panic attacks. And, for my dad... at least he'll be happy that I won't have to be around mother anymore, I guess. I hope my best friend won't miss me too much - by how he is, I won't doubt it that he'll heal from it quickly.

If I don't succeed, I hope I don't get thrown away into a hospital like last time. Being at that hospital made me worse - I gained my habit of staying up for several nights on end there. Everyone scared me there, and I am traumatized from that event. I have vivid nightmares almost every night of that horrid place. If I don't succeed, I don't want to go back into that hellhole of a school. Ever since people heard I had to go to the hospital, people have called me horrible names and most of my friends left me - they feared to be friends with someone who was "a freak" or "mentally unstable". I don't want to face more ridicule.

I'm sorry for being a bother. I'll update if anyone wants to know, or if I fail or chicken out. Thank you for spending your time to listen.