I feel like giving upSo I've tried everything. I got a career, a new truck, I got over my ex and got a way better girlfriend who treats me way nicer. I started working out, I made a lot of new friends, I quit smoking cigarettes and I quit drinking but I still couldn't shake the depression and it's so terrible, because I'm always the guy no one would expect to be this way. I have no one to talk to, my family cares but they don't understand the full extent of my depression. I tried to talk to my girlfriend about it and I only alienated her. I can't even bring myself to tell my friends because I feel like they won't talk to me. everyday gets longer and I swear I hardly sleep and when I do I only have twisted nightmares. to make things worse I had to leave my job due to anxiety and other problems. that's when I decided I'd start drinking again. I drank everyday and my poor girlfriend would put up with me. I hated what I was putting her through so I left her. she still tries to talk to me and I only avoid her for her own good but I swear I do miss her. then I noticed my friends are avoiding me now. I think they caught on to who I really am. I tried Dr's and so much medication but it only made things way worse. some medicine made me way to suicidal and some Dr's wanted me to ether go to rehab or keep taking these pills. I didn't wanna go to rehab so I seriously cut back on the drinking but somedays I really really need it it's the only thing that makes me happy for a second and I'll gladly take that over the painful depression. I've thought about suicide I even bought a gun and wrote so many suicide notes but no one knows. I even keep a journal of all my nightmares and hallucinations and other stuff. all of this may not seem that bad and I know others have it worse then me but I don't know what else to do. I tried living, I tried lying to myself for to long pretending to be happy. I'm sick of making others happy and only getting nothing but pain in return. I've been depressed for 12 years now and I'm only 22 I truly believe that I'm cursed.