I’m not sure what to do anymorehi everyone just found this sub last night and i feel like i need to make a post. 

on mobile so i’m very sorry if this is formatted badly this might be a bit long and i’m sure no ones going to actually read it. 

i’ve never felt like this before, i never thought i would make it to 23 and i’ve been thinking about suicide since the ripe age of 5. i actually found one of my “suicide notes” from when i was much younger the other week when i was cleaning out my room. 

but i’ve never felt as terrible as i do now. back in october one of my cats died a very tragic death. he climbed into my dresser and got stuck and tried to chew through a sweater to get out. i had a strange feeling not to go to work that day but i did anyways. around 1 pm i got the worst pit in my stomach and apparently my mom heard him yelling before she went to work (around 1) but didn’t check on him. i can’t stop blaming myself and i resent my parents so bad for leaving him in my room all day and not checking on him. my cats are like my actual children i’m certain i’m more attached to them than i am to any human. 

progressively everything’s just gotten worse after that day. i was with the same person for almost 6 years. we’ve have our ups and downs of course but nothing too crazy. one night something happens and i get upset and break up with him but i never really thought it was over. we still spoke every day went out to dinner a few times since then. always figured we would get back together. and just two days ago i found out i was lied to every single day all those years. if anyone’s interested in what happened i will go into more detail but i’m just so broken up about this. 

i don’t want to live anymore. i think i figured out a good trick to be able to swallow pills. i’m going to write everyone i care about a letter telling them how much they mean to me, but i don’t think i’ll give them out. i just want to get all my thoughts together. 

all i can think about is my other cat, the one who’s still alive. he lost his brother a few months ago and now he’s going to lose me. i don’t know how he’s going to react to me not coming home at 6 to give him a big hug and kiss before dinner. but i just can’t do this anymore. i have no motivation. i haven’t eaten or drank anything in days. all i do is cry and pinch myself until i’m bleeding because i’m too lazy to even try and find my razors. i don’t know what to do anymore. i feel like i just have to pick a day and get it over with.