Can you help me?I don't really want to kill myself but sometimes I feel I should. I was on a complete downfall in my life when everything from my parents separating to me getting caught in an accident happened years ago. From my accident it was hard recovering as I missed large times from school and now I'm losing time from college because of being weird and having social anxiety. There was a post here by a guy who said he had no friends and anyone to hangout with and he needs pics for online talking to girls. Well, I had the same situation. Everything fell apart for me so I started playing online and then I met a girl online from a common friend who was really good. We were talking to each other day/night I really started liking her but she liked another guy and he fucked her life up and left her. After that she didn't like anyone else and always ignored me. Then I started going out a bit and started looking quite fine but then still I was weird and I still don't have anyone who calls me or anyone who wants to hang out . I didn't go to college for a month and no one even texted/called me to check on me. My father is sick right now and he is in his 60's and it's really hard for me to manage everything from social anxiety to responsibilities to studies and being good everywhere. No one cares about me and neither do I have money. I've to cook food and give it to my family and then do other stuff. It's really hard for me as I am just 17ish. Back to the girl, she started hating me because I started liking her over the internet and so she never came to met me. We were supposed to meet on my birthday which is on 28th of June but she cancelled the plans on my birthday. I spent my birthday alone sleeping. Now I missed some exams and I like to study but I haven't so its freaking me out because I don't want to fail and be the one left out. I want to have a normal life like my friend who has everything given by his parents including a bike and lots of money and lots of money for school and other stuff, all he gotta do is wake up, sit on his bike, go to college, study, give exams, come home and enjoy. For me its like wake up prepare food, get some money, give it to famil,y go to college , if not then sleep at home and play some online games, feel bad about myself and then get no love. Help please.
I know I wrote too much but Idk what to do with my life. She was the only thing in my life and now after 2 years that she's gone I feel so alone, I can't imagine the fact that she will like someone else and probably things will happen, my anxiety is getting to me and I am getting violent. I am really tall and strong so in anger I just knocked out a guy who was troubling me to a point where he lost his front teeth. Well, I regret doing that and I feel guilty but he deserved it though. But Idk if I should kill myself so that the ones who left me and the ones who are making me suffer will feel guilty? 