[Long] I'm dog tired. I just want to take a break from all of this.Recently, I have been feeling low and under-productive. I started bingewatching old movies in bed.

When John Coffey said "I'm dog tired" in The Green Mile, I felt that.

I'm tired of being alone. I'm tired of being so pathetic, so powerless. I want to regain control of my life, but some things are too late. They have slipped away from my hands, and it's irreversible. 

My health has decayed too much. Every bit of food I indulge chips days, weeks away from my life expectancy.

I messed up the relationships that matter the most to me. Old acquaintances distance themselves from me, and new acquaintances avoid me due to my personality.

The only thing that seemingly remains within my grasp is how, and when I die. I don't wanna lose control of that. Otherwise, I'd have absolutely no control over my life, and I'm afraid of that.

I have so many regrets. I wish I could turn back time. I can't atop thinking that maybe I can make up for it by just disappearing.

I cut contacts with someone I considered a close friend. She seemed to feel uncomfortable (as I misunderstood the situation and the nature, or rather the closeness of our friendship) so I told her I won't be messaging her from. My part again. I apologized for the inconviniences I've caused her the past few years.

I did it because I care for her, and I don't wanna bother her anymore. But it hurt. It hurt so much. I liked her. I still do. But I know she doesn't like me. I know no one would. 

All I want before I die is for someone to hold me in their arms, cuddle me. Maybe stroke my hair, maybe lay me down on their knees. All want to hear are comforting whispers, saying "You've done well. Keep up the good work.". I just want my efforts to be validated. I just want to feel like my best is enough. 

But the harsh truth is, it rarely is. My best is hardly enough. What I do barely matters. I've tried changing. Hitting up the gym for 4 months (until I had to quit due to college preparations), acting more friendly, less silent, more interactive. For almost a year. No one noticed. I still have no friends. My old mates are busy prepping for their college, and since I talked to them about my issues, they are avoiding me, it seems. 

I know I'm not worth it. I know I'm not enough. It's not that I don't want to change, it's just that I can't. I just want someome to love me.

"Because I want it over and done. I do. I'm tired, boss. Tired of bein' on the road, lonely as a sparrow in the rain. Tired of not ever having me a buddy to be with, or tell me where we's coming from or going to, or why."