Need to get my thoughts down on paper, maybe i can reevaluate my life...This is going to be a detailed account of the last 1.5 years of my life. I do not expect many people to read this. It is mainly for myself.

I began smoking weed just after my 15th birthday. my cousin introduced me to it. At first i had no problem with it. I was functional, and normal in every way.

Several months later however, i began to build up a dependency on pot. I started smoking all day, every day and starting using it to escape my reality instead of enhance it. When my money wasn't enough to buy the weed i wanted, i started stealing. i Broke into my neighbors house while she was away and stole $400 from her sock drawer. I began stealing $10-50 from my mother's purse every week when i would see her. I knew she knew about it, she just didn't want to tell me she knew out of fear she wouldn't be able to spend time with me anymore (she was living alone, lonely and i only saw her once a week as it was).

I used weed to get away from all my problems. I would just get high instead of thinking about the bad things which i had done. not caring just as long as i could be high.

I began to get into some really perverted shit. Beastiality and rape fetishes, i jerked off to gory demonic sex stories, i stole my sister's panties jerked off in them, cut holes in them, and wore them. I'm not sure why this excited me. I didn't have a thing for my sister. When i look back on it whenever i'd stop to think about why i was doing whatever i was doing i would just say "fuck it!" and get high instead.

For months i would search any house i was left alone in, looking for shit. i searched my house, my moms, my uncle's, my neighbors, my friend's... i snuck out in the night twice to break into cars, steal quarters and other non important things. i Was a true klepto.

For me, my biggest fuck up and shame is the fact that i tried to have sex with my dog and my neighbors dog... i wont go into gory details, but it was pretty fucking disgusting.

About a year ago, i began doing shrooms 1-3 times a week on average. i continued this off and on for several months. it began to get WEIRD. i didn't trust anybody, i thought everybody was out to get me. i began to look at myself as "that weird kid" and i felt that everybody else saw me the same way.

The last time i did shrooms was on graduation night (i wasn't graduating, just done with sophomore year) my dad and stepmom went out to see a play, leaving me a good three hours before they'd be home. i sat on my deck, smoking weed, tripping balls on 3g of potent gumbas, taking bong rips intermittently, looking up at the trees  and smiling.

All of a sudden, i heard a voice in my mind; "those trees are smiling back at you" I thought... hey that was weird... i didn't think that... but didn't think twice about it. and i decided yeah... those trees were kinda smiling back on me.

Suddenly i felt like i could hear parties in all the houses around me (i live in a neighborhood with almost all old people, fairly sure there were NO parties around that night). 

I went back inside and laid down on my bed. I began to hear voices in my head... people talking at a party (i had just gotten a half ounce of mushies and had about an ounce of pot) 

"...heard he's got like an OUNCE..."   

"....his parents house he shouldn't be doing drugs there..."  

 "....STILL say we should call the police...." 

"....he's selling it, let's turn him in..."

These went on and on, with my frying mind freaking out not knowing what to think, i tried to tell myself i was just tripping. the voices started laughing at me. suddenly, in my mind, a woman screaming "RAPE!!! RAPE!! PLEASE HELP ME!!! HELP ME!!!!" and crying hysterically. I sat bolt upright, scared out of my wits.

"...this is what you like isn't it you freak..."

"...have you SEEN what kind of porn he looks at?..."

I began getting a crawling sensation all over my body and started hyperventilating, scared. the voices told me to calm down. told me they knew what was in my dresser. "Oh shit the panties" i thought.. over the next three hours, the voices went back over my entire life, thinking about every bad thing i've ever done. telling me how horrible of a person i was. I began to plead. please!! who are you?!

The voices told me they were kids from my school. that they were in the house next to me and had been watching me and the sick shit that i had done. they told me they had a machine that looks into and records people's minds, they could document it, and i would be put in jail on trumped up charges to be removed from the society i was a menace to. They began making me think about all the other people i knew about doing illegal things, told me because i had thought about them and it was on record, they were all going to jail too. I frantically texted me friends "dude the police or FBI are after me you really need to get all your shit and get rid of it right now this is serious! they're coming for you next!"

They told me if i went next door and smoked them out, they would forget about the whole thing, so i left, frying my brains out, to the house next door. I searched all over the house for them. they told me their dad had seen me come in and had a bat and was coming for me. 

"GO OUT THE FRONT!!"

"NO NO HES GOING TO THE FRONT, RUN OUT THE BACK!!"

"WAIT NOW HES GOING TO THE BACK"

i didn't know what to do, i was running back and forth between exits in an empty house, listening to the voices in my head.

When my parents got home, i was sobbing on the floor thinking about all the kids i had just helped to put away for life (somehow this made sense to me). i think i convinced them i was just high and not tripping balls.i ended up going to bed that night, still scared for my sanity. 

The next day was even worse. I began fearing more and more the police were closing in on me. Around midday im in the midst of a massive panic attack brought on by the voices, i run up to my second story room, i see my winow, half double plated glass, half air conditioner. A little house in my mind tells me "GO! jump through that window." so i do. i fall the ten feet onto hard dirt, cutting my face fairly badly  and jarring my head "Now DIG!" i began tearing at the ground with my fingernails and teeth.

I then ran back inside. my sister was pulling up in a truck at this point with her boyfriend and they were wondering what the fuck was going on. i ran back in the house and began running laps around the inside of my house, i broke the railing and fell on my face again on a turn.

Finally, my parents got me to settle down and try to tell them what was happening, i told them everything, about the kids next door and their mind control device. My parents told me in no uncertain terms that such a device did NOT exist. they tried to calm me down. I wouldn't listen.

That night i slept in my sister's room with her and her boyfriend on the bed and me on the floor. i didn't want to sleep alone. I was still wrapped up in a my head and i somehow convinced myself that i had pissed people off so badly that the government who was secretly working with the mexican cartel, were sending cartel members to shoot me up with elephant tranquilizers, drag me and my family down to mexico and torture us to death.

They were very descriptive, telling me how they'd cover me in tacks or trap wasps beneath my eyelids. I got in the closet. i began thinking of the small pocket knife in my room next door and if i could get to it in time to cut my throat before the cartel members got me. luckily i didnt think i could make it. so i didnt go for it.

My sister woke up and asked me what was wrong. i told her about the cartel members and she told me to go back to bed. it'd be better in the morning.

A few minutes later my sister was asleep again and the voices were telling me how they were bringing a Rottweiler to ass fuck me since i was so into dogs. it would be bloody. and i "better get my asshole ready", or they'd torture my family all together. i began trying to stretch my ass, while crying. they told me to say out loud "(sister's name) with you please fist my asshole" and i did. I'm not sure if she was asleep or just pretended to be so she didnt have to respond. 

Following the voices instructions, i went to the bathroom, and by the fistful began to rip out my pubes and spread them over the toilet seat. it was very painful.

I went back to my room and woke my sister up, the voices had decided i had something i needed to tell her. i said "look if you dont hit me after this, your boyfriend better." i told her about the panties, she looked at me with a painful look in her eyes. "They're just clothes.... it's okay... we're not gunna hurt you" i couldn't stand it. why wasnt she just giving me what i deserved?!!?

Fast forward about a week and my parents decide this isn't stopping. they take me to a psych doctor and i try to tell them what i was experiencing. I was convinced there was mobs of people outside of the hospital trying to break in and rip me apart because of all their kids i had put in jail with my mind. I spent the night in the hospital. Without health insurance this night alone cost my parents Ten grand. When i got out i still wasnt any better. 

Over the next few months after that while the voices were still there, i began to realize things about my mind and the truth at last. I was constantly desperate for death. i got up on that balcony so many times... i still have scratch marks on my neck. at one point i was convinced my whole family was in on it too. There was one day that still... in my memory seems so much like they were trying to make me think that they wanted me to commit suicide... things like after being told there was a gun in the greenhouse being told to, pet the kitty who i NEVER petted. and was in the green house. i searched the house over for things i could use to kill myself

my sister had a talk with me. she told me in slow words, gazing deep into my eyes i could NOT kill myself, whenever she said to not do that, her eyes seemed to tell me that she was saying to do it. kill yourself you little freak. she seemed to be nodding slightly. im STILL not fully convinced this wasn't real. it seemed so real.

My next attempt i took a bunch of pills. benadryl and Klonopin. i drank a bunch of alcohol, and woke up in the ER three days later with a big tube down my throat. After struggling not to choke to death on my own spit for an hour, i shat 3 days of liquid food and the charcoal which they had used to cleanse my body into bedpans and just about died right then and there. the only worse part was getting the catheter removed.

I stayed in the hospital for 5 days. They decided to send me to a psyche ward up north for a week for suicidal and depressed teens. I wont go into detail, but it was pretty horrible.

By the time i got out of the psyche ward, i was ready for life again. i got it. i finally knew what the fuck had happened to me i had figured it all out. i was back on top again. i didn't want to kill myself anymore.

After about 2 weeks i started getting into pot again. again, it became an everyday thing and again, it became a problem. I brought pot to school, got an MIP, and found out i'd have to quit smoking pot for a month for drug testing.

The day before the drug testing started, i broke into my dad's cabinet and stole old meds. i Took 13 benadryl, 2 klonopin and 3 Lorazapam/Ativan. I smoked a shitload of weed, spent all the money i had. i knew it was ending that night.

So at about 11 i decided it was time. i got up, calmly walked outside, got onto my deck railing, and jumped. my stupid ass hit the ground feet first. i started screaming for somebody to call 911. i crawled around the house to my parents room and they called an ambulance. This was Monday the 14th (two mondays ago). i got out of the hospital the friday of that week with 2 fractures in my left foot and 1 in my spine. i have to wear a foot brace for the next month and a back brace for the next 2 1/2 months.

So here i am, thinking over this. it feels good to get it down on paper, and it took less time then i thought it would. there is a LOT that i left out and the most interesting things i convinced myself of in my head i could not tell you about because they would never make sense. But at various times i was convinced the president wanted to meet me for lunch, i was about to die, the world was about to end at my hands, that i was actually already convicted of a murder i didn't commit that had happened about a year before in my town. (oh i forgot i once just sat on a bench at a school until the police came and got me. i was dressed all in black and had a huge scar on my face from jumping through my window) I ALMOST told them i had killed the person i thought i was convicted of killing.

If any of you made it through this, please share your thoughts. I havn't done any of the perverted shit lately and i really regret so much that i've done in my past. But i've come to terms with most of it.

TL;DR:  Took mushrooms, became schizophrenic, asked sister to fist me, became suicidal, tried several times to kill myself, here i am with a broken foot and back. Thoughts?