I'm so sick of how society treats people with mental illness. "Just take these pills and act normal, you idiot!"Our society (the west, I guess) is so fucked up and backwards it's disgusting, no wonder so many of us want to leave this planet.  

Yesterday in the news in England someone committed suicide by stepping in front of a train, and the fucking announcer made a shitty comment over the loud speaker about how the person who died 'couldn't be bothered to live.'

This is why I'm done with this planet.  I'm crippled by depression, anxiety and several other physical problems and you know what? I'm just a burden on the world, and the only person who cares is my husband.  My family doesn't give a shit, my child doesn't give a shit, and everyone hates me because I've had depression and anxiety for 15 years. Just try harder, just take more pills, just be normal,  just make money, just be part of the system, you're nothing, you're a failure, just take more pills that make you worse and cost tons of money.  

I can't even get medication in the country I live in now, and I don't want it anyway, it never fucking helped. All anyone ever does is throw pills at you and then tell you to get over it and be as miserable as everyone else.

I'm writing the letter to my son. I've decided to do it so it looks like an accident, there are ways to make it look like an accident, but I'm still gonna leave a not confirming that it was suicide, just so the police don't get confused.  I only want the police to know it was suicide, my son can find out the truth later.

I can't stand the hatred anymore.  I can't stand knowing that so many people have betrayed me and will betray me again in a heartbeat - because I'm useless and nothing to them.  I'm the lowest of the low. I'm a housewife with crippling depression and anxiety.  My husband deserves so much better. And our life has been so shitty for the last 4 years and it is not getting any better.

shit comes in buckets, not sprinkles.  It's been raining shit for the last 4+ years and I am broken by it.

Two people on the street I grew up on killed themselves.  and I have utter sympathy for both of them. One was a kid with behavioural problems who's parents just treated him like dirt, and another was a single mom with two girls my age.  I'm not mad at her for what she did.  I'm sorry that the world let her down.  She was a nice lady, never brought anything bad on herself. 

I have sympathy for all of them. That fashion designer, even.  she must have felt so alone, like the only thing that made anyone love her was her "success."

Well, take it from me, the scum of the earth - the world hates me.   No matter how hard I try, I'm still poor and useless and pathetic. No matter what I do, my son will always hate me and believe his father. He's autistic, he never had much affection for me anyway, and knowing he doesn't love me is a nightmare I can't survive.

His father won.  I'm scum, and I'm going to figure out a way to do it.  I want to wait until things are less stressful at my husband's job, though.  

Life is evil and horrible, and those of us who are mentally ill just see the truth clearer than everyone else. Fuck you I'm sick of your pills and your lies.  

I can't wait to die. I'm gonna do it in a way that it looks like an accident, and my son can find out the truth when he's older. 

