Need help with dealing with an acquaintance (Canadian input especially useful!)Hi guys! This is my first post here so sorry if it's longer than what's usually posted here.

A guy I know (not closely and I live far away so I cannot help them directly) has recently failed his first semester of college (too late to get into other courses) and is currently in debt. He was always in poor academic standing at every subject so it seems that academia (in other subjects) is out of the question. He also likely has a [chronic illness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ankylosing_spondylitis) that has already appeared in all his close family members, so this is very limiting when it comes to work in trades.

I've proposed that for now he should get a diagnosis from a doctor so he can at least potentially get disability from the Ontario plan and the CPP, however it is very hard to motivate him to do even this. Some of his family members live like this permanently and he is afraid of becoming like them (this would be very bad for his self-esteem). However due to the illness getting other well-paid jobs (in trades) and keeping them after 10 years or so is really hard. Also, asthma keeps him from joining the Army. 

He doesn't know what to do with himself, and I'm a bit stumped too. Some other ideas I had were driving, basic office work or a precise trade that doesn't require much hard physical labor (like watchmakers decades back). Other ideas/resources are well-appreciated!

He has one family member (grandfather) who supports him (lended him college money) but he hasn't told them about failing the semester yet.

He is somewhat suicidal because of all this though thankfully not extremely committed yet. As is usual in these kinds of cases, he is ashamed of himself and finds his existence useless, thinks it would be more useful for society and his family if he were dead. Constantly has a miserable mood, wakes up in the morning feeling as if he were hit by a car, all that stuff.

I think the greatest long-term cure would be a fulfilling job, so ideas on what he can do with himself are the most useful! Both temporarily and in the longer term.