I Just Want To Fucking DieI don't know where else to pour my feelings out that I have right now. I can't go to Facebook without people calling the police and getting me admitted to a psych ward so I figured I would just type as I cry my eyes out.

I am fucking miserable. I'm a failure. Nobody loves me. It just feels like people tolerate me so they won't feel guilty when I finally build up the courage to end it. I want to die so badly. The only thing that stops me is I'm a giant pussy and I'm afraid of what would happen if I survived.

I've been horribly depressed for over a year, going on two, and nothing I do seems to help. I've tried therapy, I've tried tons of different meds, but nothing seems to help. I can't get out of my own head that I am a failure and I am unlovable.

It was my dream to become a police officer. I wanted to do it so badly. I started doing dispatch here in SLC and loved it. Eventually I got my chance and was hired by a police department that paid for all my training. I got out of the academy and started my training and I quit within a month because I was so miserable. But even though I quit because I didn't like it, I still feel like a complete and total failure. Ever since I quit my life has gone to shit. I had to go back to dispatch, a job I hate, with my tail between my legs while the rumor mill started. I was in a relationship at the time and she ended it to be with someone else (a cop who also ended up treating her like shit, long story that doesn't matter right now). 

I just feel like I'm doomed to a life of inadequacy and a life of loneliness because I'm too depressing to be around. I'm 23, I live in my mom's basement, I'm a virgin who's only ever had one serious girlfriend, and I can't even keep a fucking job. I don't see what the point is anymore. Why should I keep going when I know my life isn't going to get any better? I'm so unhappy all the time and I wish I had the fucking courage to kill myself. I came really close a few months ago and I wish I had done it then.

I'm not looking for help or for someone to try and give me reasons to live. I just needed to vent a bit. As I've typed this I think it might be beneficial to call a crisis line to try and get some emergency help.

Anyway, sorry to bother anyone.