My current mental state - 18/MaleI am not sitting here with pills in hand or a noose hanging in my closet, but I unfortunately foresee self-death in my future. I don't know if I'm in the right place, but I feel the need to reach out and I hope this community obliges. 

My problem(s):
I have a hyperactive consciousness; that is to say, my mind is literally constantly engaged in trains of thought. Since coming into intellectual maturity, i have felt that I think differently than most all people do.  I am a man of pure logic, reason, and realism;  I see existence for what it is, surface level, nothing but matter and energy. No destiny, no order, no real meaning to anything ever; everything is random chunks of matter chaotically traveling through space-time. I can look at human life, and appreciate it to some extent. Truthfully, every human being is nothing more than an animal with one selfish desire: survival. I can see existence through the perspective of people on earth if i so choose, but this just makes me feel as self-centered and ignorant as the rest. Everything that anyone can ever think, talk, dream, debate, or fight about exists on a speck of dust we call earth. Who the fuck cares?

I have completely stripped myself of the ability to naturally emotionally connect with my reality, and have created a jaded existence for myself. I am constantly being bombarded with thoughts pertaining to the insignificance and downright worthlessness of my life relative to everything that is and ever will be. I dwell on my mistakes and shortcomings, because they are what people remember the most. Worst of all, my last true emotional connection, my primary source of inspiration and encouragement, my best friend and true love,  is currently slipping through my fingers like grains of sand. 

I do not necessarily want to take my own life; I hope i can find something in this reality worth sticking around for. I simply cant foresee any real worthwhile benefits that come from this hellish grind. What is the point of mentally torturing myself and enduring all the useless bullshit of everyday life? Most people die on the inside by the time they're 25 anyways and just go on living a pitiful existence. The people who knew me will forget and move on, and if they don't they're just gonna die someday also. Happiness is impossible to come by, and I'd rather give up than constantly fight a losing battle my whole life. 

The only thing keeping me from going through, I believe, is the false hope that I may be able to someday live in happiness with the aforementioned special person.

I apologize for the lengthy post. I find it difficult to explain my mentality without significantly elaborating. I am currently relatively stable and composed. But I am a tortured soul who is desperate for an escape. 