Thinking about commiting suicide on my cousin's birthday while lying in her bedI’m 17 (guy) and my cousin is 20 (girl).

I've been thinking about making jokes about using a suicide bag around my cousin, and then actually doing it. I don't think it would traumatise her at all, because she is much better off than me. She has a job, a perfect boyfriend, and she knows how to be social. She's also an amazing football player, and I feel like, when she plays, knowing I’m gone, she'll play even better because she's so happy that I'm gone.

All I really want is to become friends with my cousin, because cousin is not enough. I will ask her if she wants to come with me to a music festival (I will pay for her ticket which costs 130$), and I will also buy a gift for 60$, because it is her birthday in less than two months. If she wants to be my friend after this, I will not end it. However, if she still doesn't want to be my friend after that I don't know what to do, except ending it by using an exit bag. However I know she won't be sad at all if I'm gone, she’ll probably be happy to have no male cousin left. I just want to make my cousin happy, because if she never wants to be my friend, then me not being on this planet anymore would probably satisfy her. I don’t know however if it is a good idea to do it on her birthday. If I do it on her birthday I want to do it on her bed too. Maybe she'll think it'll ruin it, or she'll think it was just a dream come true. None of us is going to live forever either way, one day nothing you have done will matter.

The thing is, she's never said "I don't want to be your friend" but I know she doesn't want to be my friend because she always says she's busy when I want to hang out, or she's with her other friends. Reasons why I guess my cousin wouldn't want to be my friend:

First off, I'm very ugly, and second of all I am a guy, and though she has guy friends judging from her photos on Instagram, most of them are girls. Also I guess there is a bit of an age difference. I’m not turning 18 until summer, which is when you become an adult, and you are able to drink where me and my cousin lives. And my cousin likes to go out and drink with her friends sometimes, as I've sometimes seen on social media (at  least before she removed me from Snapchat). I'm also not very good at socialising, when I'm with my friends I usually just keep saying stupid shit, but when I get the lucky oppurtunity to be with my cousin I don't say a lot, because I don't know a lot to say that wouldn't come off as stupid or redundant. So basically I think at least a little bit more before I say something when I am with my cousin in comparison to when I am with my friends, and my friends are all guys from the age of 14 to 19.

My only other cousin is 14, and she's told me she doesn't want me to hurt myself, but I'm sure she just says that because it maybe was something she learned in school, or something from my aunt. I don't think she'd be traumatised either if I died.