It's all I think aboutDisclaimer: This isn't anywhere near as intense as some the stuff on here and I'm in no immediate danger but I didn't know where else to post.


I'm no really sure how to express myself but here I go.

Suicide is something I just can't stop thinking about. I'm not self-destructive, I've never cut, don't drink/do drugs or any of that. All I think about is finding a good length of rope and getting it over with.

Why? I'm not really sure. I wasn't abused as a child but I was never partictulary happy. I've sought solace from frying my eyes at every possible hour I could in front of a fucking PC/TV screen. I did hang out with friends but I made a fucking fool out of myself before I moved on to College and I've never felt like I've lived that down.

Social interaction nowadays is something I want and enjoy but I always come away feeling drained and needing space to myself which I know many people do I just feel so fucking pathetic for needing that.

I change as a person socially too. By myself I feel proper. When I'm out I can't help acting like a fucking fool. It's like I just completely lose control of who I really am and start trying to be "Witty" or "Funny". Every night I come home and think "Why the fuck did I say/do that?" and feel further ashamed of myself but when I'm out of my room and with other people I can't help it. Before anyone suggests that it might be an improvement, let me tell you that I act like a fucking minion around people. It's fucking disgusting. I just cannot be myself around anyone, even on a one-to-one basis.

I'm not even sure if I could go through with it because I'm just so monumentally fucking lazy. Even this has taken me well over 2 hours to write. I have no pick-me-ups, no motivational strategies. Exercises hasn't given me any energy and browsing /r/getmotivated and /r/fitness has only made me feel worse. I have work due in for tomorrow but I haven't lifted a finger to do it and the more I think about it, the more angry I get but I still cannot do anything. I just cannot work.

I can't even play drums anymore because there's just so many better players than me. I can't focus on what I'm doing because I just keep thinking about how terrible I sound compared to them. I know I'm gonna get told "Use it a strategy" but I fucking try that and it gets me nowhere, I cannot use their success to fuel me. It doesn't work.

If I did commit suicide, I know it'd be massively unfair. The "friends" I've come to make in my time will not see it coming and they'll ask why and blame themselves or some stupid shit like that so I know that if I were to go about doing it that it'd be rather a dick move. I recently saw my Grandfather who I haven't seen in about 4 years and the couple of hours I spent with him actually took my mind of it all. He's getting really old now and told me to stay in touch which I plan to do but the day after I was back t thinking the same way so I resolved that if I decided that I would eventually end it, I'd make sure to outlive him because that would be beyond unfair to him.

I probably have other stuff to say but that's all I can think of for the time being. I don't know what I wanted to achieve by posting here (I'm well aware some people have it far worse than I)but I feel better now that I have. 

Thanks for reading this far, I'm open to PMs as well. Please keep up all the good work that this Sub-Reddit does and thanks again for taking the time out to hear me whine.