I suffer from massive religious stress, self-hatred, anxiety, and a lack of confidence. I'm starting to consider suicide.I have been going through a constant internal struggle over religion that has caused me self-hatred, anxiety, and taken away all of the confidence I used to have.

It started two years ago when I realized that the Bible had a large number of contradictions and a loved one of mine died from cancer. I began to lose faith in God, who I had loved immensely before. I started to have intrusive thoughts about my loved ones being in Hell, then about me being in Hell. I had a night-terror once in which I was told I had done the "unforgivable sin." I was up at 2 AM crying about it. I also discovered that I was bisexual, which only worsened my problems. Eventually, I got over myself and moved on with my life as an Atheist. Everything was fine for over a year, and my intrusive thoughts went away entirely.

However, come last summer, my religious stress has returned stronger than ever. I'm starting to hate myself even more, and I now even self-harm via beating myself. I feel absolutely useless. I also live in a constant state of fear. To be more specific, my stress started to get worse on July 2nd of this year when I heard there was a potential ISIS terror threat on July 4th. I started to have intrusive thoughts telling me that ISIS was correct, and by not doing exactly what they do I was evil. The thoughts also consisted of God hating me, wanting me to burn in Hell, and wanting me to suffer for being bisexual and doubting him.

In the past few weeks, my stress has gone far beyond its usual level: I can now not go anywhere without having a lingering feeling of dread. I constantly think about which religion is right, and I try to get help by talking to people of various faiths. I have talked to Christians, Muslims, Atheists, Agnostics, Pantheists, Wiccans, and even a Mormon yet I still cannot find internal peace.

I now think of both the Bible and Quran as books of hatred and war rather than peace and love. I have no idea which religion is correct, or if they're all false. While I'm leaning towards the latter, my massive fear of Hell keeps me from fully leaving religion.

I feel like I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place, dangling on a string and constantly being smashed into both. I've had many more thoughts about mutilating myself and killing myself lately. I even received a call from the Crisis Hotline last week telling me that a friend was "concerned for my well-being."

I have absolutely no idea what to do at this point, and I'm engulfed in anguish, fear, self-hatred, and depression.
