It's like constantly standing on a cliff edge, having one peek over, then another, then anotherSo I had this from another subreddit, this sums up a lot of feels without me wall of texting myself;  
Hey look, Reddit hitting it on the head again.
I've been pondering these things my entire life. I think the people here on this subreddit will understand exactly what you are saying, but when you tell regular people about it, then it's almost like their brains cannot compute what you're saying. What I'm getting at is that there are people who doesn't go through any existential crisis. If you're anything like me, then you've seen the variables and done the math. The result of that sum was that "the juice ain't worth the squeeze" and basically we're all just a cog in a giant rusty machine that only benefits a few. When I speak to people I think they simply lack the mental capacity to comprehend the world we live in. They either think "the world is shit, so what" or don't think of it at all.

However... that I see incredibly successful people who lead happy lives... and I'm not saying that their intelligence and environment doesn't play a role, but these people have a different perspective on life. While I see only dead ends, they see opportunities. I despise being around people, but they see people as possible friends. They are the ones who are organizing parties, while I'm the one who waits for people to invite me. There are people for who life is an exciting series of challenges and opportunities.

So ultimately a couple of things: Did failure create my depression or did the depression create my failure? The whole chicken and egg dilemma. Did the people who are happy just grow up in a environment of opportunity and without factors that negatively influenced their mental health? This means that depression and anxiety is wholly influenced by environment. But if you are born with a positive opportunistic personality, then depression and anxiety is completely determined by nature. The thing is, there are successful people who can make a success out of anything they touch and I'm sure nothing can convince them to commit suicide. There is no "hidden truth" or "the cold real world message" that will change their mind.

So ultimately, it's not that simple. What is the answer? I don't know. I'm just a guy trying to figure out if this cage I'm in is self-made or not. If the cage is real and if it can be destroyed. I'm trying to figure out where my child-like optimism and wonder went. Did someone grab it from my hands or did I give it away. As for the way we interpret reality, how suffocating and meaningless it is, either they're stupid and we're smart or the other way around. I've been thinking recently: either I'm the smartest person on earth or the dumbest. Because either I figured it all out or I constructed this "no-win" world in my head.

The ongoing existential crisis continues.  
  
At the moment I'm on 150mg of Sertraline to try and help me cope - I've been on it for six months now, and I still don't feel much better. I'm 30 and enviable of my peers because everyone whom I know and loved has moved on and gotten married, had children, bought houses.. I'm still living in with my parents and I genuinely don't know what to do with my future.  
My younger sister also has a husband and her own place, I love her to bits but I'm jealous of what she has that was practically handed to her (Grandparents owned the house) and I won't have the same window of chance.  
I have pretty much no self esteem and no love for myself, whenever I'm told to try and love myself it just draws a complete blank. Every day at the moment is just living day-to-day, disassociating and distracting myself from darker thoughts, and each night is spent reliving dark dreams/semi nightmares about how I thought my 30th was going to pan out because I was going to put an end to myself there and then.  
I've never had a proper, or lasting relationship. I'm always the nice guy but it's screwed me in the end and I'm left by the wayside as I'm cheated on, or just left altogether - I'm terribly lonely, and I only have one local friend unless I intend to drive for several hours; she has her own problems that I try to help with, without loading too many of my emotional burdens on her too.  
It makes me restless, and although I've used alcohol in the past to try and cope, my main poison is opioid painkillers, traditional sleep medication does nothing so I use the codiene to give me the relaxation to sleep, even if it doesn't completely curb the dreams.  
Every time I'm asked if I 'have a plan for how I want to do it' I'm so good with wearing masks and always say no, but in reality I do, everything right down to the last detail, who I'd give what to, how I'd make sure I made a couple of people's days go great on the way, what I might leave behind as a note and how and where I'd do it.  
I'm just so genuinely tired of things and don't know what to do.

