Something terribleI'm in a low place. The lowest I've ever been.
I've done something horrible. I lied to my mother about whether I can finish my degree (Chartered Accountancy) as fast as she wanted me to. I can't. It's hard.
I know how much that lie hurt her. She's a single mom supporting 2 children and I was basically her hope of a good life. She works her ass off for us at a job that both physically and mentally drains her to the point where she falls sick sometimes. I lied to her because I saw that. I didn't want my studies to be yet another source of pressure on her so I lied to her saying they were going great and were perfectly on track. Long story short, she found out that lie recently and has basically disowned me. She said she doesn't want me in the house and that she doesn't love me anymore. For the past 3 days, her mood has been getting worse and worse and so has mine saying she has given up on me and doesn't love me or my sister anymore and if it wasn't for my sister, she'd have left already. She's not going to support my studies anymore. I'm putting resumes out there to try to get jobs so I can pay for things (partly as an apology as well) but nothing is coming through.
I don't really have any ambitions or dreams. All I've ever wanted to do was to support my family and take the burden of my mother. I'm trying my best I really am, but I think my mom has completely given up on me. I feel as if I have nothing. I'm in a dark place, constantly thinking about killing myself to take the burden off my mom so she can focus on my sister. Is that deluded? Selfish? Probably. But I don't see anyway out. My mom told my sister that she wants to die and that is the last thing I want. I know I'm a huge burden on my mom and that she feels that this recent lie means I won't be able to ever take the burden off her and that she's given up on me. But I don't mind. I just want her to be happy. I can't stand knowing she's depressed and it's my fault.
She's given up on me and hates me, so if my killing myself can make her happy again then I'll do it. I have nothing except my family, and if my mom doesn't love me or want me anymore and would rather I'm gone then I don't mind doing it.