The very first people that want you to stay alive, are the last to help.I posted yesterday about euthanasia in unpopular opinion, and I only got down votes, and posts "it will get better", "you're too young". That's what I mean, exactly this. Why does it bother people that someone wants to humanely opt out, be gone, be done?

The more I think about all this, the more it seems to be the best thing to do.

We will die anyway, but for someone who's been dead already, what difference does it make? If you went through some sort of trauma, it will always be with you, it will always haunt you.

There are so many variables in life, they all matter. Don't even try telling me otherwise, because that will be straight up lie. You'll never live the life to the fullest, you'll never experience what it has to offer.

Mental rape lives a mark, it's like a scar. 

I would rather die by euthanasia, or assisted suicide, but I could never afford it, it's quite ridiculous, that people who "think" that are helping others, are at the same time exploiting them, or maybe it's just a poor person perspective. Maybe those XX thousands required, aren't that much in rich countries, and are easy to get.

I've been to a forest yesterday, took me 3 hours to go back and forth, the only place where I feel free, and welcome, where I feel somehow stable. I guess that's the reason why so many people decide to end it all there, makes sense. We live alone, we die alone.

Tomorrow I'm going there again, and I hope it's the last thing I will ever do, I'll endure seconds of pain, that will in fact save me years of even more pain in a long run. That's the only compromise I see, the only way, as what has been done, can't be undone, and there are no other ways of changing my situation, unless I won some lottery ticket, so I could start fresh live, in Canada, USA, Australia, New Zealand, be a truck driver, or whatever. But one thing is certain, I'll never stop thinking about it, so who knows how long would I live my new life. 

I do not look forward to anything, no plans, dreams, friends, lovers, no nothing to be honest. Pointless existence, I'll be forgotten. No skills, or even worthy education.