Just a snippetCross posted...

I want to apologize in advance for how long this will be. 

My wife had an affair a month before we got married in jan 2016. I found out a few months after but seeing as we had married since then already had a child and were moving 4,000 miles away already, I decided to stay. 

Fast forward a few years, it was hard getting over the first affair. There was still barely any trust, and a few lies she had told since but nothing major, over all things were good. We had a son and I had sky rocketed my career (military) and was on the right track to pursue my dream job in the civilian world, things were better than ok. I thought they were great. Well near the end of 2018 her mom is getting married and the plan was to send her and the kids home for two months and I would meet them for Christmas. While she was gone I came down on orders to somewhere this summer and decided to save money by flying her back and taking leave when we moved. We argued quite a bit while she was gone, my trust issues came out, and things just didnt add up sometimes. But we worked through it i apologized took all the blame and decided to stop being so controlling/worried. 

When she came home something was different. It was off. I knew it the second she came off the plane. I tossed it up to being homesick and wanting to stay after being gone for a few years. On Dec 30th I just had a feeling and looked through her phone. I found shit no one should. Texts saying I love you, the kids and I miss you, and nudes.... to my brother. I immediately confronted her and she admitted it after a few minutes.

I lost it yelled, screamed, cried, hugged my kids and went directly to a bar. I proceeded to drink until I blacked out. Ended up back at the house screaming at the top of my lungs things like "how could she do this" " you arent taking my kids" anyway I end up getting arrested. We werent allowed to talk for a few days due to a military protective order. Once that's lifted we decide to make things work. 

It was hard really hard the first few weeks. Then as it always goes I had to leave for six weeks for training. While I was gone I found out so much more about the affair. It went on long after she said she wanted to work it out. They did alot more than she said. Then I discovered she also cheated while we were dating with my OTHER BROTHER. I am horrified. But I push it all down it's in the past. My kids need me and us together I'll fix it. 

We continue to work on things. I have to turn off my phone for 20 or so days. I turn it back on and shes changed her mind doesnt want to work this out claims it has nothing to do with him just her. I'm broken hearted. I come back home to a loveless house trying to get her to change her mind. 

Eventually (after more lies are told and found out ect) she changes her mind again. Were doing counseling together and separately. It seems to be ok. 

But I'm so angry. I hear a song or watch a show that has anything to do with cheating im livid. If I see a picture of either of my brothers my blood boils. If I suspect or even get a hint of not getting the whole truth from her I feel my heart start to race. And on top of it all I'm about to leave again for 6 months, she will be at home, near my brothers for that time. And I just dont want to be angry anymore. I feel like shes being genuine but I'm hesitant and just so fucking angry every day. I lift, I work, I study, and play with my kids. And nothing eases the pain...

I've always thought suicidal thoughts made you weak... but here I am...