Genital/Body Dysphoria? Possible Gender Dysphoria???I really hate my genitals it’s caused nothing but extreme mental illness in me.

I’ve never talked about this to anyone, not even online. It’s so embarrassing and I think I’m going to kill myself because I just can’t anymore. 

First, let’s describe this situation. I really hate my genitals, I think about self mutilation a lot. I get excited thinking about cutting it off, probably because it trigger me and makes me super depressed, suicidal, and almost physically ill looking at it. I genuinely want to remove it with, or without medical help, I don’t care anymore. The physical pain would be nothing compared to what it’s done to my mental health which has fucked almost all aspects of me. The only positive I can see in all of this is that I have gender dysphoria (I think) still trying to figure it out. Which means I could just transition to a trans women and hopefully feel better about myself. It could also just be extreme body dysphoria i’m not to sure. Either way I can’t be a real man nor a real women so it puts me in a shit spot. 

We will start with flaccid. My flaccid dick size is the same size I was born, it never grew in girth nor length. It’s about 2 1/2 inches in length, girth is about the size of two thumbs pushed together. Also, my penis is crooked and weirdly damaged. The urethra opening is crooked so when I pee it goes way to one side. It has some kind of weird hard bump on the tip on one side as well. It’s not cancer since I’ve had it forever and it probably would of killed me by now since I’ve never got anything checked by a doctor. 

Not only that but my balls are extremely saggy, like it’s extremely bad. There is so much access skin. I can pull it all the way to my asshole and touch it if I wanted to, or all the way up just almost touching the belly button (like an inch away). Also I might have webbed penis (I think). That means some of the scrotum skin is hooked onto the actual penis to high.  

Erect I’m like 5 inches, not bad, it’s workable sure. Girth is non existent, so I’m basically a stick, how fun. My balls still fucking look so fucked. I also have slight penis pain in the one side erect or not it is there. It doesn’t hurt and cause extreme pain, but I can feel it. It’s weird. 

My dick isn’t sensitive anymore, probably because I jerked it too much and too hard with no lube since I was a young horny teen who had nobody. And it distracts me from using drugs, alcohol, self harm. Anyways, I can’t enjoy that feeling of pleasure anymore. I don’t remember when it stopped feeling good, but now I’m not sensitive. There is only one spot in my entire dick that feels pleasure it’s weird. I’ve tried taking breaks, I tried going slow and loose, trying to bring some sensation back, but nothing has worked. 

After all those flaws I also am a one pump chump. I can’t control it at all, I have tried, I just can’t last long. If I ever had sex it would be over after a minute. 

In conclusion, I am so fucked. It has ruined my life and I don’t think anything is worth living for. It breaks my heart knowing I’ll never be a man. I’ll never be able to satisfy a woman sexually. I have too many flaws down there for her to be fulfilled. I’m sure she wouldn’t want someone who can only lick her pussy. Wtf would she need me for if I can’t do anything else. This shit on top of other issues has me questioning everything, it has shattered me into a thousand pieces and there is nothing I physically can do to fix it other then chop the shit off and move on, or accept that my most important body part to me is disgusting.