I want to die. Would appreciate any tips on how to get through thisI wish I could go to sleep and not wake up. I failed my first clinical assessment in medicine after studying really hard and it was so demoralising. The marker probably had way too high expectations but I still I feel really inadequate and like a failure. I was already feeling down because I hate waking up every morning to go to the hospital and coming home to study and sleeping late and repeating every day until the weekend, which gets consumed by assignments and more study. I went into medicine hoping to become a psychiatrist but I hate doing physical examinations and the grind to get there seems so long and horrible, and now I feel like I might never even get there. And also my relationship is rocky and every now and again it starts to fall apart. It always resolves but it takes a while and a lot of hurt and pain to get there and right now I'm in that painful patch. I don't have the energy to deal with any of this and I don't want to. The sad thing is that no one really understands how depressed I feel except for my boyfriend, because he gets like that too sometimes. He came over and held me while I cried, but he also said some things about our relationship that made me feel worse. If I had an easy painless way to die I think I would do everything I like one last time, leave a message for everyone I care about, and take it. I know it's weak and selfish but I feel so low and just being alive is causing me so much suffering. But the thing is, I just don't know how to do it and I'm afraid, so it probably won't happen. I don't know where to go from here or what to do, I don't know how to get through med school and all the steps after to become a psychiatrist, I don't know if I can do it - not just whether I'm capable, but whether I have the mental and emotional strength to put up with it. Everything hurts so much. I'm going to try book an appointment with my psychiatrist but it might be a while and I think I'm going to struggle to get out of bed really badly tomorrow. Does anyone have any small tips on how to get through this and just keep going and maybe get to a place where it starts feeling tolerable to be alive again?