It’s my birthday in two weeksMobile. Throwaway. Longer than originally intended and while reading it back realised it sounds like a shit r/storytime post so, sorry for that.


I’ve pretty much always felt sad for as long as I can remember. Not all the time, but if there were no distractions, my default mood was sad. Not necessarily crying my eyes out, just low, drained, unmotivated to do anything. I didn’t tell anyone about how I felt because that was just normal to me. Besides, loads of people in their late teens/early 20s say how “depressed” they are, what’s so special about me feeling down?

I worked in a pub for a year, starting when I was 19. As an antisocial introvert who finds his energy being away from people, this was not a pleasant experience. My girlfriend at the time was away at uni, meaning between her lectures and my unsociable working hours, we never got to see each other. The weekend before my 20th birthday, I worked 3 clopens (close the night, open the morning) in a row. As I lay in bed after the final shift, I felt so empty and alone and...sad. I accepted that this probably wasn’t normal and that things needed to change. I couldn’t go on feeling sad all the time, so I set myself an ultimatum. By the time I turned 25, I would be happy, or I would be dead. This seemed to relieve some of the pressure, it gave me something to work towards, as well as a finish line - I knew it wouldn’t go on forever.

Fast forward about 3 and a half years, I was still living at my parents’ house but I’d left the pub and had a couple jobs in between. At the time, I was involved in stock management for a large national corporation, which is to say I worked nights stacking shelves at a supermarket. This was not my ambition (I didn’t really have an ambition, but this wasn’t it) nor did I want to spend more time there than I really needed to, so I was looking for other work as well. I had applied for a particular job that seemed perfect for me: flexible hours, short commute, ability to work from home if needed, fast typing necessary (1v1 me on typeracer and find out), all in all it felt like a good fit. One day, after a particularly unpleasant shift the night before, I woke up to an email thanking me for my interest but that I was not going to be offered the job. Not even an interview. I didn’t get the chance to show how well I would be able to work in the right environment. All the factors that had made me so hopeful that I could get a “proper” job and do something that would bring me joy while earning a living at the same time, gone, discarded without a second look. It wasn’t fair. But I didn’t have the mental strength to deal with it there and then so I decided not to bother. I went to get some dinner (breakfast?) and was greeted by my mother (usually very lovely) asking all the wrong questions about money, jobs, my attitude, just a lot of stuff that she has every right to be concerned about while I was living with my parents, but absolutely the wrong time to ask. I snapped at her, we both said things we wish we hadn’t. I left and drove to a place where I could be alone and calm down. After a while, I went back home, my parents were both very apologetic about the situation and I apologised as well. I explained what had happened, how I was feeling (ALL of it) and asked if they would help me get help. I went to a GP and was diagnosed with clinical depression, started on sertraline (because who needs a sense of humour or sex-drive to be happy?). Not only this, but due to the length of the NHS waiting list, my parents paid for me to see a private counsellor. 

Therapy helped me talk and work through some things I’d been struggling with for a while and was generally very beneficial. I was able to realise that most of what was holding me back came from myself. I didn’t try new things or meet new people because I was worried that I wouldn’t be good enough. At least by not trying, I’d never know for certain, maintaining the illusion of adequacy I so desperately needed. These realisations came at a time where I ended a pretty nasty relationship (came back from a session feeling very emotionally raw and was told the only way to feel better was to get a real job and to move in with her immediately) and had secured an interview for a lucrative position with a clear path for progress. Not only this, but shortly afterwards I met someone else who is funny, beautiful, understanding and generally very lovely. Life was good.

The antidepressants were stopped over the summer months and I made the decision to not carry on with them afterwards. I moved out of my parents’ house and got a place with my (new) girlfriend. And I got the job! I had achieved everything I’d wanted, building a solid foundation from which the rest of my life could flourish. But even now, when all the distractions are put away, and the world outside the window goes quiet, I’m still sad. I lie less than a foot away from my loving girlfriend, yet I’m still alone.

I’m 24 years old and I’m not happy.

It’s my birthday in two weeks.