I lost a future friend, dont do this to anyone.One week ago I sent a mail to somebody I wanted to get to know. He never had to chance to open it.

This fall I enrolled in uni. Kinda lonely, but w/e. Everybody is. Have my usual friend circle so everything is okay. Some of my subjects (CS) require student reference group members, and after none of us wanted to do it for this one glass, one guy did. He looked kinda shy in his profile picture but he wrote in a fun way and seemed to be a enjoyable guy, with friends hanging out with him in his banner on facebook. Every 3 weeks they were required to take in feedback from the rest of us and pass on to the lecturer, and he always wrote in a funny snippet for each google poll he would submit. One week ago I wanted the lecturer to go over a certain topic again, as myself and others were struggling with it. I could've just sent the mail myself directly to the lecturer, but the the guy('Joe') seemed fun so I sent him a message and asked him to ask for me. 3 days passed and I didnt get a reply from him, I assumed he forgot it. I then decided to send that mail myself, to the lecturer and got a reply instantly.

Today, I received an email from the school faculty.
'Greg' had passed away the day before before I sent that email. It was never read. I was shocked.

Why?

I went on his page and his mother had written an obituary. I was heartbroken. He was always smiling in every picture, and seemed like a really enjoyable guy. His youtube channel was linked on his instagram, and he was subscribed to alot of the same channels I was, and looked to like alot of the same games aswell. He even had his MyAnimeList on there, the mad lad liked alot of the same stuff I did...

I am so bummed out right now, I never even knew him besides reading his 'obligatory' posts on our student facebook page. We would've had so much to talk about...

So please, if you are on this subreddit for the wrong reasons dont do it. If I feel like this I cant even fathom how those that actually knew him, and were in those pictures with him smiling alongside him feel right now.

Fuck man, dont do this to yourself, those around you and future friends you dont even know yet.