There's no shame in this...First of all, I want to say that I am not technically suicidal. I am here because I want to die. I could never do it to myself, but every day I wake up and hope to a God I don't believe in that I get struck by lightning or hit by a bus.

I have had a long life with little reward. I spent my early years being a 'normal' teenager, but always feeling left out. I'm sure plenty of you here know the feeling... A little more than two years ago I met the girl of my dreams. We had a wonderful relationship. We never fought, I loved her endlessly, and everything seemed to be perfect between us.

However, it takes a fool to believe that those sort of things last forever, and that's exactly what I was -- a fool. I am only 21 years old and I have never known what it is like to have more than enough money. I have many talents, but they all seem useless. I don't want to make money, I just want to be happy.

I've convinced myself for the past two decades that no amount of money can bring you happiness, but the thing is, fake joy is worth more than real depression any day.

I have been told on more than one occasion that I should see a doctor about my depression. The fact of the matter is; doctors scare the shit out of me. My mother had a lot of the same problems I do; the pills she was prescribed only made her even more crazy, and I don't want to end up like that. 

I have chronic insomnia, and I feel numb to the world. I want to die, yet I could never bring myself to do the deed personally. Can anybody tell me something new? Can somebody help me break out of this mold I seem to be stuck in?

There are plenty of things that I love to do, but I don't possess the resources to pursue them seriously. I love to cook, but making fresh meals from scratch every night gets expensive. I find nothing more relieving than playing my guitar, but all of my instruments are cheap and don't do justice to any of the songs that I play.

I have never been a monetarily driven person, but I only find happiness at the bottom of a bottle anymore, and liquor gets expensive. 

I guess that I want to make a living off of the things I care about the most; just like everyone else. I have no shame towards my depression (or anything else for that matter), so I will link to my Facebook at the end of this. I have a few songs recorded in my video section that I would love some feedback on. Also, I can give guitar/cooking lessons to anybody who is short of being an expert on either subject. 

I may be a little drunk at this point, but I guess that is what it takes for me to post here. I say I'm not suicidal because I feel like I have gone beyond that. Last week I swallowed half a prescription of Klonopin because I couldn't take it anymore, and I woke up 6 hours later with my head in the toilet.

To put it in a nutshell, I feel like taking my own life isn't even worth it anymore. I have gone beyond caring whether I live or die. I hold no fear towards death, but inflicting it upon myself seems selfish, and that just isn't my style.

So, who thinks they can talk me out of this rut? Who has an idea of how I can bring myself into the known world instead of being a nameless face in a melancholy crowd? I am all ears (or eyes, I guess, since I'm reading instead of listening). 

There is a lot more to my life that I find unsettled, but it seems like a waste of time to talk all of you through every last detail. If you have any questions, I'll give you honest answers. Lying is a waste of everybody's time.

Here's my Facebook link: Edited out the Facebook link, if you're really interested in seeing those videos, send me a PM.