I don't want to talk to anyone...I need help.  I'm a 20 year old female.  My (now ex) boyfriend of two years whom I loved and imagined myself growing old with told me two weeks ago that he does not love me back, and thinks he is incapable of doing so ever. I've been so bitchy and emotional lately, and I just don't think he could handle it...After my last outburst, he no longer wants to even speak to me...

I have few friends in the area, and nobody that I feel comfortable enough with to talk to. Counselors have never understood me.  They always manage to make things worse.  I've been crying every day lately and feel sick to my stomach.  I've given up on life and everybody in it, so I have become irritable and explode in anger at the drop of a hat.  (up until a few months ago, I was always the "nice, passive, quiet girl" to everyone)

I live with my parents, and they seem to hate me.  I fight with them everyday.  They see me lying on the couch with tears in my eyes and call me "lazy," "unappreciative" and a "bitch".  They no longer want to pay help me pay for my senior year of undergrad or for the apartment that I want to live in, so I might not be going back.  I don't enjoy school anyway.  I'm a nursing major and I just don't think it's for me.  I really don't have a desire to do anything else though. I can't even remember what I've learned, and I'm going to be a senior.  I'm struggling to stay afloat in the program.  I have few friends there, and the ones that I do have, actually as terrible as it is to say, annoy the hell out of me.  I pretty much no longer like people in general...

I got laid off of one part time job the day after my bf broke up with me, and I stormed out of the other one today.

Oh, and I'm bulimic.  I have been since my junior year of high school.  My doctor is the only one who knows.  I've been unhappy for as long as I can remember, but up until now I have always put on a good front.  There were a few times in high school when I considered suicide, but I pulled through and never made an attempt.  Then I met the guy of my dreams and everything seemed to get better. I started having a lot fewer episodes of bulimia and started to feel healthy. As things started to fall apart with my relationship, things got worse emotionally and the episodes are everyday again.

I'm very introverted, and don't like to share my problems with others.  People have there own damn problems.  I refuse to go into a psych unit.  As I said, I'm a nursing major, and I just had my clinicals at one.  I would rather kill myself (literally). Maybe I'm too proud.  I don't want people thinking less of me.  I usually think I can drink it away.

I refuse to go on medication.  I believe in naturopathic medicine and treatment..  Maybe I feel like shit because of my bulimia and a nutrient imbalance?  Or maybe because I'm no longer exercising and meditating?


Anyway, I don't know who to talk to because I always feel awkward and uncomfortable talking to anyone.  I really don't see a future for me, and I have no hopes or dreams.  I feel empty.  I'm really fighting the urge to jump off of something tall.


Please don't respond with anything "hallmark", or the number for the hotline..because I know I won't call.

