I dont know what to do anymore, i dont know what im doing on here, i dont know why im posting this, maybe i just need some help from someone on here.Can I just post a life story on here? Ima do that. (Sorry its so long)

Born in by parents 20 years apart so I have that going on for me already. When I was somewhere between 3 and 4 my mom left in the night and only left a note. I just played this off as "oh brother needs mom too" in my child mind. In that time my grandma kicked me and my dad out because she already didnt like us. Mom came back a few years and left again somewhere around 5 or 6 years old, I didntnknow where she went this time. I decided that my brother needed her again. I moved to a town a couple hours away from my grandma. Really ghetto town, had a sister there on my dads side, she was a druggy with an abusive boyfriend and my 3 nieces. Only parts I'm going to bring up there are i was forced to eat my own puke and saw my nice be thrown across a room for tying a knot wrong. We finally moved out of their place.

Then in a 1 bed apt with dad and made his bed every night with a beer on it (I thought that was normal and he always drank before bed) while he was in the shower, then went to bed. We moved into a house. Soon my mom came back. I was about 7 at this time. Missed a lot of school because I wanted time with mom but she never realized that, always yelled at me, was verbally abusive and always got drunk. I remember seeing her half naked on the bathroom floor while dad was rushing me away to clean her up. Got a dog. Loved that dog. Ended up as moms dog. Around 11 she left again, this time she brought me to the city to live with her friend and even brought me to see her boyfriend at the time. I should've known what was going on. My Christmas present was finding her gone. Important note: the last two times, the night before she left I had a bad feeling in my stomach, the second time I told her it was the same bad feeling as last time, she told me she loved me and promised to never leave me, but next morning she was gone. Took my dog with her. Called dad crying and asked him to come get me.

i had a friend that was using me for what I had, because I wasn't rich but I had nice things. Another friend, best friend, he introduced me to weed, it was a nice escape. Flash forward, was emo, suicidal and all that fun stuff. Was 13. Found someone I thought liked me. He was a cheating, lying bastard. Then he raped me, abused me, kept this going for 2 months and i didnt feel like I could leave. He made me worthless. I moved to different state.

Felt life was good for a minute, alright in school, few friends. Only complaint is dad started making these remarks. "You're just like your mother, always sleeping around" (I had mostly male friends, I liked to hand out with them, this made me stop hanging out with people) "you're not going to graduate with these grades" "youre going to get held back" (not as a how can I help you tone, as a disappointed tone and even if I tried to explain how differently school works he would continue to say that and make me feel bad) sucked because I was doing alright. Highschool started (T-T). i started making friends, still couldnt do the best in school, still had the remarks that hurt. My dad also had a tendency to touch my butt even though I asked him to stop several times. He finally agreed to let me go to therapy. (Was diagnosed with depression and anxiety, didnt go long enough to find out more) I was happy for some time. We lost our car. Couldn't make it to therapy. Waterslide back to depression. Had a "good" relationship in which he lied to me, more lies to hang out with friends (especially one that was very touchy with him, except "its okay because I dont feel the same way") his family hated me because I'm white. Lasted almost a year and we ended. During this my mom was told by doctors she had something wrong with her uterus. I found out that my mom had cancer, that the doctors before knew and didnt tell her. Its stage four ovarian cancer. This happened near beginning of year of relationship. She had conquered this for over a year. After relationship a r/niceguy kept badgering me into a relationship I wasnt ready for, I told him I needed time but he didn't care. I went to visit mom for Christmas. I didnt have time with mom, niceguy made me text him the entire time and if I didnt it would be fighting. A few months, on March 12 i got a call in the middle of school and missed it, called back after. My mom was in the hospital.

Was offered by family to get a paid flight to see her. Dad refused because it was too soon, I wouldn't make it, I had hours before the next flight, plenty of time for me. He agreed to let me go after those hours of convincing, had to go the next day. I arrive at grandmas house to visit mom in hospital. I'm sat down very confused. Mom died that morning. I didnt get to say goodbye because I was only hours late. I try not to blame dad for not seeing her, but it feels like it. Broke up with rebound. Time for myself. Not working, missed 2 weeks of school, couldnt catch up. Barely passed. Missed most of my 3rd year, barely passed. Didn't feel like I could talk to anyone. I tried asking dad to go to therapy over my mom. He tried my old therapist, she moved buildings. And one other therapist and gave up because "too much paperwork". left the building with him giving uncompleted packet and embarrassed because he yelled at the receptionist. he never tried, I didnt get therapy. His excuse for not trying is "do you really need it? Lots of kids parents die". Another relationship, most recent. Be ready for some serious bs.

Before relationship and for the first month I was his "goddess" type of thing. Soon went to shit. I was never his equal. He didn't trust me. What I knew about him was based on lies to make himself seem cooler. I was his first. But he still treated it like it was an every day activity. If he wanted to go somewhere or eat somewhere we went. If I wanted to, it took months to convince him. He sent memes of naked women because he thought it was okay, when he knew about my insecurities. He took me to a restaurant with the theme of sexy nurses, didn't ask if it was okay. Just went in, kept looking around at the waitresses in "nurses" costumes and TVs with sexual commercials. He never complimented me and treated like an object. For two months there was not a single bit of compliment or proudness, but then goes into full detail about a woman in his platoon who was "so inspiring". (btw he was marine corps but I went in relationship knowing he was joining) every day i let him rant about his day. I never got to say anything about mine. Ex rapist decides to message me. I went into a full blown panic attack, especially since one of my friends said he moved to the same city as I did. I blocked and deleted him right away. It was a whole different account than his main. Wanted to talk to boyfriend. His response "it doesn't matter, he can't hurt you anymore" then never said anything about it again. I get that "he cant hurt you anymore" is supposed to be comforting to someone but "it doesnt matter" is a bitch move. I told him a couple times about what happened with mom drinking, asked him not to drink ever, he promised. His birthday comes up, he keeps saying to me "im going to drink on my birthday and theres nothing you can say to stop me". His excuse "I forgot about that story" to him promising to not drink. "I forgot" are his two favorite words. Broke up with him recently, he was still saying he'd change, like he was saying for the entire year and a half. 

This school year my teacher gave me an opportunity, this is the first time in that program I was believed in. I had confidence and was teaching like I was supposed to. Was interrupted by the other teacher and told I was doing everything wrong. Went in later to ask what was wrong. It was like he was telling me someone else's story and kept trying to explain what was going on. Teacher that believed in me butted in (he hadn't seen what happened) and tried connecting it to how I was two years ago, when in reality id changed. I wanted to break down right there because the only person that believed in me couldnt believe my side of the story. Felt hopeless.

I don't know why im doing this. Maybe I wanted to rant? But I want help on what to do about the therapy situation, I don't want to call a hotline and I keep breaking down, I can't do this anymore...

Tldr: pretty shitty life, missed mom before she died because of my dad refusing. Afterwards I'm not allowed therapy because "do you really need therapy? Lots of kids parents die". Even shitter relationship and am no longer believed in by the one person who believed in me.