Hardest day of my life should I end it?This is not a post for you guys to feel bad for me. This is just a place I know I can vent without anyone knowing its me. Im a 17 year old guy and I just found out today that I wont be getting into college. Like any college. My parents just shouted at me for an hour and I have sat in my bed looking out my window. I live on the 14 floor in a condo and thought what else to I have to lose. If I jump right now what will happen. 1st I dont have to face my life I dont have to look and hope a college will take me. It won't be a threat anymore. Because ill be dead... On the other hand if I stay alive and hope a college takes me will I even enjoy going their. Will I become more miserable and end up killing my self anyways. What will the consequence to other be? I have to say I am so privileged to be where I am as I attend a international school and get a great education.  Meaning although my parents are angry which is fair to say they should be but their loving and caring and really have given the world to me. My brother. My little guy... I love that kid so much and we do have brotherly moments I want him to do the best in the world for himself and Idk if he'll do so well without me. My friends. I have to say I have some of the best friends I could ask for. They look out for me and always make me laugh. But. I go to an international school. I probably wont see them much in the future. And ending it all will take out all the bad I have caused on everyone in my life. I understand that my parents might not be able to recover from my death and as self fish as this seems. I think ending it might do myself a favor but them to. I know this is long and if you read it to the fullest thank you. I'll try to keep you updated on my life but id just like to say if you dont hear from me I either forgot or im dead. As I am writing this final thank you message their are tears running down my face and still the thought of jumping is still their. If you could help me in anyway please comment anything I mean anything will help. Thank you and god bless :)