Need Advice. Really sick and tired of sheltered upbringing.Sorry for the wall of text but I need to get this out.

I am currently 16, male, a high school student in the US, and obviously living with my parents. I've been lurking this subreddit for many months and just worked up the courage today to write something here. I am using a throwaway so nobody irl can know this post is from me.

Ok so basically, I live with my parents who are both really religious. Because of their religion, they are stricter and have a lot more rules than normal. They definitely aren't as strict as some of the other religious parents I have met in my life but they still are generally strict. One thing I find important to mention about them before I continue is that they are impossible to talk to about serious things because they react negatively (not abusively or anything, just the inability to be calm and sound supportive) about it usually. Keep in mind that my parents do love and care about me and I love and care about them as well even though we don't completely get along due to some of these things. I know they want what they think is best for me but they have no idea the mental toll they are causing me.

Now I am going to talk about my the sheltered-ness of my upbringing currently. It was never usually like this. Before 8th grade, I went to a private school and had plenty of friends that I always hung out with and had good social skills but in 8th grade everything changed because they felt I was getting too stressed with the hard ass school work there (Which was somewhat true but I was 10x lazier back then) so they switched me to online classes for 8th grade. The beginning of doing online classes was okay but it's been about 3 years now and I am still doing them and it is complete hell. I am now basically sheltered and have been prevented from having any normal experiences at my age. I barely have any irl friends now except outside of a small youth group that my parents forced me to go to but I now go to by choice because it's literally the only chance I have to see other human beings that are my age. I have no experience dating or doing anything romantic because of it and I just generally don't get to have any experiences with anything that a normal hs'er would have (partying, going to prom, going out to big things in big groups, etc) and it absolutely destroys me. Pretty much the only socialization option I am given involves church and I basically take it because it's all I have but it doesn't really make me feel any better because I just am not close to any of those kids and I am also very very different from them and I don't feel a sense of belonging there. I have quite a bit of amazing online friends who definitely help keep me like half sane and they know that I am down and depressed a lot but they don't actually know what is going on. My online friends are really great but I personally need the irl interactions as well. I think we can all agree on that. I made a brave step earlier this year and told my parents that I didn't want to do this online class thing anymore and wanted to go back to school and get my life back but it seems they won't budge and I am going to forcefully be in this bad situation until I can move out in over 2 years. I don't think I can bear even another year of this. I spend my days crying and constantly thinking about suicide. I feel so destroyed everyday. I'm in tears typing this post. I've been feeling reluctant to post here because my problems don't seem that big and it feels like I am complaining about nothing but I built up the courage to do this.

I really need and would highly appreciate some advice. You can either comment or PM me. I will be checking a lot. Thanks for taking the time to read.