I feel like I am out of optionsI've been suffering from depression on and off since age 12, officially diagnosed with depression at age 20. I was doing well for 2 years on Prozac 20mg. I had some job challenges and was able to handle them well, be stressed out and then move on and be ok. I met a man who I fell in love with.

This man did not love me. I was just someone he was fucking. The whole ordeal went on for too long and it really brought me down. It took me a really long time to quit facebook stalking him. I haven't seen him in a year.

Soon after, my uncle died. Then things at work went to hell (office drama, terrible boss) and I covered up my crying spells saying I was just sad about my uncle (even though it was because I felt I was going to be fired and sad because the only man I ever loved didn't give a shit about me). 

Months and months later I'm still not right. I went up to 40mg of Prozac, then 60mg, then switched to Zoloft 100mg. I'm disenfranchised about psychiatry as a whole (history of seeing very poor providers). I started a research study with a Doc who I really like and have been honest with for the first time ever. 

The first part of the study was open label, and I was taking 10mg of Trintellix (Vortioxetine). It made me worse. I was cutting, feeling suicidal, doing drugs I don't normally do, crying at work, getting angry/yelling, basically white knuckling it. I recently gave up on the Trintellix and went back to 40 mg of Prozac and within a week I no longer constantly think about killing myself. 

I was so unhappy on Prozac but at least I was functional. I burned myself with a hot knife previously before I joined the study while just on Prozac, but I wasn't crying at work, getting pissed off, throwing temper tantrums, planning ways to die, or cutting myself daily. 

I guess I felt like being on Prozac is better than on the Trintellix. I'm not actively suicidal but I am just so unhappy. Maybe being unhappy but semi functional is all I can hope for. 

I do have an appointment next week, but it is only for a referral and I wont get to see the only psychiatrist I've ever liked anymore. 

tl:dr what are your experiences with drugs and therapy? I am feeling really discouraged about treatment options. 