I'm giving up completelyI'm an incompetent failure. I was addicted to heroin and opiates, but I've been clean for 8 months. I went through withdrawals completely on my own. My whole life has been one fucked up joke. When I was 4 years old I was molested by my moms best friends daughter. She was 16. She called it My Size time, and if I didn't play I wouldn't know what love was, and no one would ever be my friend and she'd have to kill me. I ended up never telling anyone about that. When I was 13 I went on a cruise ship for family vacation, I was raped and had my virginity taken from me, I've never told anyone. My cousin was in the room and she pretended she was too drunk to remember the night. I wasn't drinking, I was sober, I was scared of drugs and alcohol. When I was 14 I met a boy who told me I was beautiful, who told me I worthy of love. He told me to forget all the bad and with a few blues my world would be lovely. I was soon addicted to Roxy chasing a heavier high, I jumped on the h train and never stopped until my first overdose. It took me two more overdoses and 6 hospital-bed-landing-beatings from my ex till I realized what was best for me. I went on withdrawals completely alone. By 18 years old I was in my first year of college, I was drinking 4 days out of the week and hooking up with random guys. I met a boy who I thought was nice. He cheated on me multiple times without remorse. He told me I needed to lose weight and he would love me. Eating disorders had been my thing since 12. I pulled an old skeleton out of my closest and I lost myself more than ever. I took a summer to find my self entirely and I did. I found me. In October I met a boy who meant the world to me. He was my first love, my second year of college I thought I was doing much better, he didn't cheat. He didn't do drugs. Didn't smoke. Didn't get drunk but loved a nice IPA with his dinner. I love him. It took until January  for things to become official. I had never been happier in my life. And then he left me. I had gotten pregnant after being told my endometriosis was so severe I'd never be able to have kids. They were wrong. I couldn't tell him. He had just dumped me and my brother had just died and I found out I was pregnant. I opted for an abortion. But I'm alone. I have no friends. He was my best friend and I lost him. I contribute nothing to this world. My life is one huge mistake. I'm a guinea pig. I'm worthless. Nothing I do is of substance. I have to leave. I have to go. Everything is so painful. The nightmares won't stop. My boderline personality disorder is the worst it's ever been. I can't afford therapy or medications. I can't live this life. My life isn't going to get better. I'm worthless. All I can think about is how good one last taste of heroin would be. 