I realize most people post here who are wanting to kill themselves, I am posting here to show how suicide can make your loved ones feel. If anyone is looking for "a reason to not do it", please read thisEDIT: This is not intended to be a guilt trip.. to add more pain to how you feel.. this is honestly just a way for someone to gain a new perspective. If hearing how someone feels about a suicide of a close person will make you angry or set you off in a negative way, please ignore this post! Some people are angry and DONE with worrying about feelings, and this is probably not what they want to hear.. however.. some people want to hear how people do care and will still care long after someone is gone.. and this is for those types of people. Please don't take this an me trying to guilt someone into staying alive.. Feeling guilty is the worst feeling in the world and I do not wish for this to be the outcome for people after they read this! It was strictly meant to show that people DO care.. even the ones that you don't think do!!! I'm very sorry if it seemed/seems rude.. So please, read with an open mind and caution and try not to take anything negative from this, if that's possible! (the letter does become angry in one paragraph.. but anger is a normal feeling no matter what happens.. I didn't mean for that part to be what everybody focused on) 



I just wrote a super intense letter to my ex who killed himself. I wouldn't want people that know me to read this because it would make me feel really vulnerable, but maybe reading this can help someone on here. I'm reading all these posts and it is breaking my  heart. Anyway, here's hoping that this might give one person that extra push they need. *also, my ex was very determined to kill himself for a long time. Not many people know that like I do, but it's the truth. He had it glorified in his mind.. so the part where I say "Maybe I, or someone else, could have for that exact moment, but you would have gotten your fate the way you wanted eventually".. it's mainly out of anger and based on the knowledge I have of how he was. So please, don't focus on that part.. anybody can change there mind about this. 




It has been three years. Three years since I’ve touched your face, three years since I’ve heard your voice, three years since I’ve been able to use any of my senses for you. 


Actually, that’s a lie. On some days, without warning, I will be lucky enough to catch your scent in the air. Before this started happening, I had no idea how powerful the sense of smell was. I become completely disoriented as soon as it happens. Sometimes, I think I may pass out. It doesn't happen often, but when it does, it takes my breath away.. in a very emotionally painful fashion. 


The first thought that races through my head: He is here. I don’t know how true this thought is, because who knows if it’s possible for you to be near me after you are gone? Is it just my memory randomly pulling your scent out so intensely that I believe I actually smell it? Is your spirit beside me when it happens? Not that you’d visit me, if it is indeed possible, considering the way things between us were when you left this world. 


I like to think that you can see what I do and get in a good laugh. Boy, have I made some mistakes or what? I’m like a train wreck that happens slowly. What the fuck am I doing? You’d think that you and I were happily married, with a full life ahead of us, the way I took the tragedy. Shit, maybe that would have been easier. I completely shut down. I felt like I didn’t deserve to feel anything, considering we were barely on speaking terms before you passed. I still feel that way, sometimes. Like your friends and family are the ones who deserve to be to hurt out loud, not me, so I keep most of my feelings tucked deep down. 


And then there’s the guilt I feel. I go back and forth on how I feel on this particular emotion. Some days, I am just guilt stricken, lying in the bed, crying or sitting in silence like a mad woman. I wonder if there was anything I could have done or said to change your fate. What if I had stuck around, toughed out the hard times? Would that have even mattered? What if I had called you that night? Would I have been able to change your mind? Did I even possess the power to do something like that, or am I over exaggerating how important I was to you in my mind? I like to believe that maybe, just maybe, I could have made a difference for that particular night; but that’s just my ego. I know deep down that nothing could have changed your mind. Maybe I, or someone else, could have for that exact moment, but you would have gotten your fate the way you wanted eventually. Or maybe that's what I tell myself to keep the guilt from rearing it's nasty head.

 
Other days, I am livid. I am pissed as fuck at you for being so selfish. How dare you take it upon yourself to take your life? Did you not realize how that would affect everybody you loved and that loved you? Did you think nobody would care? Or maybe you were just too fucked up to even consider us. I hate you for it. I want a miracle to happen that allows me to see you one last time, just so that I can beat you until you are dead again. I believe this is referred to as the anger step in grief. I’ve noticed that I don’t follow those steps correctly. I do hit most of them, at some point. I never bargained. Maybe I never did because I’m not particularly religious, or because your death was sudden and I had no time to before it. In any case, I’ve hit depression and anger the most.

 
One day, I hope to see you again. I don’t really even care what the outcome of our encounter would be. Maybe you would be at peace and realize that we were young and stupid, and forgive me for all I did.. abandoning you and moving on from the maddness ; then maybe I could forgive you for taking your life, and for all the pain you caused me while you were alive. Maybe you would be the same selfish dick as you were once before, and will tell me that the way I reacted over this tragedy was ridiculous, and that I shouldn’t have held on to nothing for as long as I did; that you never cared about me. Either way, at least I would have closure and be satisfied. Pain from a broken heart is better than the pain caused by not having any answers. 


I sincerely hope this hits someone in the feels. This started as one girl's attempt to let go of rage and guilt, but maybe it can be more. Life is good, people. It's the only thing we do. Just live. Life can be beautiful if you let it. 
