Called in sick to work todayI don't know why I am posting...  I just wanted to start typing and have it mean something so I guess thats why I am posting here.  I have called into sick three times since I started my new job back in June this year and I feel horrible about it.  I often think of it and realize that its not that bad and they haven't fired me yet not that I am technically doing anything wrong but I feel so horrible about it.  I usually find myself oversleeping then in fear of facing my bosses call in sick (I work at a very small company literally its me and then my two bosses who own the company its very mismanaged but thats not really the source of the problem)

Anyways to the point right... I don't really expect much out of this I mean honestly the only reason I am posting here is because I don't understand my suicidal thoughts.  I think of ways to kill myself, what would be the least painful, how I can make it quick, how I want it to look after I am gone...  But truthfully I am not that kind of person, if you were to ask any of my family and friends they would be absolutely confused to think of me as someone to kill myself, but then again maybe not I don't know.  I also think whats the point, the same way i feel like life is so pointless i think that killing myself would be so pointless, theres no reason to live or die so why even go through the effort of killing myself.

By the way to give some demographic information about myself to help explain who I am a little more: I am a 23 year old male who graduated from college a little over a year and a half ago.  Finally found work in June (from a friend who set me up) working in the IT field.  I live with a roommate in a town home and have poor relations with my parents but good relations with my siblings (4 sisters) but don't stay in contact much.

Anyways I find myself going from extremely sad, to extremely mad, to feeling nothing again...

I don't know what I expect from this post... Guess I just wanted to post.

Edit: Thanks for the motivation guys I feel a lot better than I did this morning.. Just need to prevent myself from these emotions I keep feeling every now and then that causes me to think like this.

Edit 2: I feel a lot better guys from your comments and concerns I feel that my issue might stem more from a untreated/undiagnosed form of depression but again I've read that its never good to self diagnose so of course I most likely need to probably go in to see a professional.  I feel kinda stupid now that I even felt this bad this morning it feels like this thread should be more under /r/depression now heh...