I wanna die, new city and new crushI'm in a new town. I moved to Florianópolis, a town in Southern Brazil, because of college. Right now I'm very depressed. I'm often depressed. I tried suicide two months ago and since then things have changed a lot. I ran away from my abusive mother (who gaslighted me and tried to kick me out from home). I was accepted into a good university. My sister cut ties with me. I smoked weed for the first time.

Right now I'm very depressed and I'm listening to Piazzolla, my favourite composer. Sorry if my text is confusing, I'm quite confused right now; sorry if my English is wonky, I'm not a native English-speaker; sorry for anything at all. I just took my meds. I wish I had died. Things have changed, but they haven't got better. Piazzolla brings me sweetbitter memories. He brings me memories of a lost afternoon, when I was just depressed. I was reading Cortázar and listening to my favourite Piazzolla's composition, Tristezas de un Doble A. While I read Cortázar, I wept. I didn't quite know why, I just wept, and wept. I felt anguish. It was a sunny day and I felt anguish.

My best friend here in Florianópolis will soon be a dog. But things aren't all lost. I have a new crush and she's lovely. I met her when went to visit a "república" (which is kinda a student house but private) and when I arrived at its door, there was a good-looking girl standing there waiting for someone to open the door. We chatted a little bit and that was it. When the door was opened, one of the owners and I went up to the second floor to see the rooms and she didn't come up with me. The owners didn't talk to her. They told us later that they thought we were a couple -- what I found weird because I'm very far from being good-looking and she's quite good-looking. Anyway, there wasn't a room available for her so she left. A week later, one of the owners said my new Colombian housemates (now saying housemates does feel right, but also it kinda doesn't? I mean, I'm going to live there but I'm not living there at the moment) had arrived and that they would do a pizza night to celebrate it. Guess who was there? The nice girl. We chatted quite a lot that night. We talked about many things. She showed me her Lula's sandals. I really liked her and now I find myself having a real crush for the first time in years. I ate her broccoli pizza even not being huge on broccoli. She appeared impressed when I chatted with the Colombians in Spanish.

I don't really have much hope anymore. I feel anguish. I want to die. Well, I have a new crush who is probably impossible and I'm in a new "foreign" city. Florianópolis is a beach town. I have thought of trying to die in the sea.