Need someone to talk to.Just some stuff I need to get off my chest, because no one in my life can handle this level of intense emotion.

To start off: I suffer from pretty severe hormone imbalances. I get cyclically manic.

Imagine the absense of any pleasure whatsoever. I still search for something, anything that feels good obsessively by eating, masterbating, etc. I sit around because my brain isn't functional enough to do anything. I can't read a book, I can't clean my room without breaking down crying. All I can think about is how much everyone hates me, how there is no hope, and the phrase "I want to die" repeats in my head endlessly. I can't stop obsessing about suicide. I tell myself that it is only because I want the pain to end, but I can't stop. I can't sleep at night but sleep through the day.

I should mention that most of these symptoms go away *completely* once my period starts. I know that it will end, it always does...but it always comes back. Nothing I've tried makes it any better. I was never able to be consistent in school, I would do exceptionally well for three weeks or so, go off the deep end and not turn in hw etc. I feel that I can never and will never build anything worthwhile in my life. Antidepressant and antianxiety pills had no positive effects.

This isn't who I am, but it rules my fucking life. I know it goes away, but if it will. Always come back what is the point in trying?

I've slowly been getting more self destructive. I've long been highly resistant to overt self harm, (It came out in other ways: picking at my blemishes, severe bingeing, porn addiction) but last week it got so bad and lasted longer than it ever had before, and without thinking I took one of my insulin needles, dug it into my thigh and dragged it for 4 inches or so. It felt so good, but I never want to do it again. 

I'm not sure if this qualifies as self harm or addiction, but I compulsively eat sugar. I am also diabetic. I have tried a number of treatments, none of which have had any lasting effect. I keep trying, keep failing, and keep getting up, but I fear that this will go on too long and I'll make myself really ill.

TL;DR What can I do, in the moment, that won't hurt me permanently but will give me relief from this purgatory? Mostly just need someone to talk to.