mom is brokenfirst i'd just like to say thank you to everyone here in this subreddit for sharing their stories. reading the trouble you guys are going through help remind me i am not alone. i hope you can all find peace and happiness in your lives.

last night my mom had a drink. there's something wrong with her; every time she drinks, even if it's just 1 shot or 1 glass of wine, she changes into something else. it started when she had finished doing the dishes after dinner and my dad went to the kitchen and asked if he could help. she blew up. she didn't like that he came so late, and from there on everything turned into a nightmare. this happens about once a month.

she began screaming and throwing things. abusing my dad. she even shoved me around and nearly knocked me over a table in the living room. it got so bad that we had to call 911. she looked like she was hyperventilating and on the verge of losing consciousness; we were worried. she got 100x worse after we called them. she made us feel like villains, like we don't care about her. the police showed up, they tried talking to her and explaining things to her from a neutral standpoint. they could see what was happening and sided with my father, my brother and I. even the female officer was trying her hardest to explain that her family was just trying to be supportive. i can't say they were much help. she got worse after they left.

she's been threatening to either run away and never come back or kill herself. she's not feeling any better this morning, but she mentioned she was going to go to the mall later. maybe she needs that alone time. but now i'm worried i'll never see her again once she steps outside that door. she's in the shower now.

she refuses to see a doctor or therapist. she refuses to consider anti-depressants. she is just always miserable after having a drink, no matter how much we try to comfort her. she's too emotional. and she doesn't seem to understand it always makes things worse by drinking, yet she still does it. she is not an alcoholic, she doesn't drink everyday, she just can't handle ANY alcohol.

i've been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts for a long time. i consider myself a pretty strong and resilient person and i know i have it pretty good compared to a lot of others. i don't think i will kill myself, but this weekend is a tough one. i'm scared.

when she's not like this she is the best mom in the world. thank you all for listening.

edit:
she just left to go shopping. i hugged her and cried and told her to please come back after. she didn't seem to care.