Societal pressureSo for context I’m 20yrs old &amp; from TX, USA. The past few years I’ve been going deeper and deeper down the rabbit hole of feeling isolated and out of place, I have an inescapable feeling that I do not belong where I am and that there simply isn’t a place for me in the world I live in. Since childhood I was encouraged to seek out things in life that bring me joy and fulfillment, this was something I’ve carried with me since and it’s only become more and more problematic. My one true passion in life is running and unless your the best around there isn’t any money to be made from that, and very few jobs within that market that don’t already have thousands of more qualified candidates waiting in line with resumes in hand. I’ve only worked to jobs before, one was a project job in a big group and everyone chose the hours they worked (I chose to show up as little as I could) and the other job only lasted one day due to a panic attack three hours into my shift which sent me running home with tears in my eyes. The biggest issue that ties in with all this is my political stance, I’m so fucking against the way that America functions, in literally almost every capacity. It’s inefficient, slow, for profit, corrupted, racist, sexist, homophobic, and resistant to fundamental change. So I really struggle seeing how I could ever live with myself having a job at which my pay was taxed to support that system, does that make any sense? I couldn’t stand myself contributing to a system that I so strongly disagree with, it’d be breaking the strongest morals I have. It’s not like I make it out of the country as I don’t have they finances to find such a journey, and my family is poor enough already, not to mention the absolute parasite I’ve already been to them only costing money never bringing any in. So with no job prospects, no cool rich relative to work for of the record, no way of getting established in a new country that I’d be happy to support, I don’t know what I’ve left to do? Sure I could live off the streets leaching off the good nature of strangers, sure I could cheat the system and earn myself life in prison to live off the taxpayers’ dollars, but what kind of quality of life is that? I’d rather call the shots to whatever degree I can and end things on my own terms. I haven’t got to planning it out yet but it’s getting there for sure, things haven’t changed in too long and my own psyche is weighing on me beyond comprehension.....

If you made it this far along, thank you, you’re the only people to have heard this. I really hope it made some sense