Having a difficult time latelyI guess this is just my last attempt to reach out. That's what people always tell you to do, anyway. I guess friends/family would be the first choice but I don't really have either of those. My best friend lives in another state, and while I've gone to her before she's dealing with a lot of shit lately and told me she can't really deal with me, although in nicer words. My mom is the only family I speak to and, well, when she found out about my self harm for the second time she cried and told me how terrible she felt about it, and how badly it looked for her. I have a "friend" who I'm quite certain only speaks to me because he knows I don't have many people to go to. He tells me he's not just putting up with me but I think actions tend to speak louder than words, for the most part.

I just feel so disconnected from, well, most things I guess. I've never had many friends and for the most part I've been okay with that because I'm more of an introvert. But a person can only go so long without even speaking to a single person before it becomes too much. I've tested it out before, and I went a month without talking to anyone. I probably could have gone longer, but I finally decided to talk to someone.

Things were supposed to get better. I moved out and started at uni for a maths degree. I went from a 4.0 to failing calculus 3: the most important for my degree class and I can't even get a C.

I have no one in my life that really cares. I've been friendly and as outgoing as I've had the motivation for. But I don't belong here. Have I ever belonged anywhere? I can't recall a time where I was happy. Maybe less depressed at some points, but for the past 11 years I've never been happy. Maybe hopeful. I know I've been hopeful that things would change and I could become happy.

I want to be happy, it looks great. Instead all I do is contemplate walking out in front of busses on my walk to college. I can't see any kind of future for myself, but I realise that's largely due to the depression. I just don't know how much longer and how many more times I can lie to myself about things getting better.

I finally managed to make an appointment at the counseling center but they didn't have anything available until the 19th. So I guess I just need to last until then at least.