I can't remember the feeling of happiness after having not felt true happiness for years.My story i guess or a vent or something idk idc

Im not sure when it all began but for many years i have wanted to kill myself just end it all. I feel so lonely all the time. I have planned and attempted to kill myself before but either pussied out or something went wrong. When i sleep i feel at peace and in those rare occasions i have dreams i am happy, but then i wake up and realize i can never be that happy and every single day i wake up i wish i hadn't i wish i would have just died in my sleep.   
A few years ago or just 1 im not sure a thing happened which like made me feel even more suicidal and then a few months after that another thing happened and that day i went to a mountain planning to jump off but people were walking with there dogs there and i don't want those dogs to see that.  
Simular events happened over and over and then for like the past 2 months the only person i really talked to stopped talking to me. I get her tho i wouldn't talk to a fucking monster like me.  
The past 2 months or so i have just been getting worse and worse as the days go by. I moved to the city thinking my life would be different i could idk meet new people or something go out and live a little.  
But that didn't happen, i relapsed into hurting myself after the person stopped talking to me. I don't cut my arms tho since that is too noticeable, i don't eat for couple days or a week then i burn my hands and scratch and cut my back.  
For a long time i tried pouring myself into work and art to try to think of something else then what is in my head all the time and it worked, for some time. While i was drawing i didn't think of anything else but then after the drawings everything came back, until eventually i came to hate it and destroyed my left hand (i am a lefty) lived near some cliffs and smashed it with rocks and well now i don't feel anything in 2 of my fingers and it shakes a lot.

I am not afraid of dying i came to peace with death a long time ago in fact i would embrace it but then there is always someone there and i know that if i would let myself just drop in the ocean then they would just pull me out.   
It's easy to pretend to be happy so as far as people know im doing fine but in reality not a second passes with out me thinking about ending it all.

For some time i thought that if i couldn't make myself happy then perhaps someone else could, so i had some hopes of that i could be in a relationship or something but then i realized that that is nothing but USELESS HOPE. If i can't make myself happy then why the FUCK should someone else be able to do so, I DON'T DESERVE IT. Someone like me shouldn't be happy and its obvious that no one gives a shit since if they did i wouldn't be alone all the time. 

I just want to know why, why does everyone hate me so much. WHY DO I HATE MYSELF THIS MUCH.  
I just wanted to be happy in life.

But i have decided that next Summer or perhaps rather Easter if i still feel like this then i am going to kill myself. Not gonna care if someone is on the mountain that i plan to jump of just gonna do it.