I’m honestly excited to die of a heroin overdoseFor an extremely long time I had a lot of desire to commit suicide but there was always something holding me back from doing it. I don’t even know what it was to be honest but today I feel content for the first time in my life. I’ve gone through a few counselling sessions for drug addiction and mental health and it was extremely helpful. The people at A&amp;E when I went was the same and my GP too. Couldn’t ask for more but living a terrible life that won’t get any better isn’t worth it. My brain chemistry is probably fucked and I won’t be able to return to normal again and not be depressed. I’m trying to ruin my life as possible as actively as possible. I binge drugs with the intention of losing my mind and hopefully going crazy to the point I do commit suicide because I haven’t got the courage to do it anyway. 


My belief is that there is no afterlife and once I’m dead I just simply won’t exist. No regrets or anything. Suicide DOES fix your problems as far as I’m concerned. I’ll be dead so even though the guilt of putting people close to me through this makes me reluctant to do it, I won’t feel anything towards them anymore when I’m dead so it really doesn’t matter. 


All my problems will be gone tomorrow or if not very soon. I have £120 sitting in my bank account and I might just buy some other drugs that I haven’t tried or just go all out before I’m gone. I have some heroin that I’m getting tomorrow and I’m going to try a few recreational doses first before I fully kill myself. I don’t feel nervous at all and I feel so happy for the first time. I can’t function in this society at all (can’t even do simple things like wake up early) and the life I dream of having is one where I can do drugs all the time without having to worry about other things like money but that isn’t achievable from what I can see. 

Just imagine the rush from IV heroin. I can’t even begin to imagine how good it could possibly feel. I used to dream of the euphoria something like heroin can give someone because it’s a feeling you can’t get when sober or with many other drugs. I’m going to go out on top of the world. So euphoric, so content and so happy. I’ll be unconscious by the time I die so I won’t feel any pain. This is going to be the best thing I ever do and I can’t wait