My family history is resurfacing again and I'm really thinking of killing myselfClarifying I got halfway done with this and realized I didn't put my gender. I'm a dude

Fuck... I keep on getting ready to leave a comment and then back out since I don't know how to start it. My palms are sweaty as fuck and I have to get a lot of shit of my chest. I'm still a freshman and I'm sure to some people I don't talk to and explain shit my life seems great, maybe it actually is I don't know at this point. I'll give some basic info b/c I doubt anyone I know uses Reddit.
Well I'm 14, July birthday, High School freshmen, child of divorce, depressed but hate medicine and therapists (will dive in later), afraid to kill my self but really want to, positively atheist, most likely bi-polar (genetic right), severe social anxiety, pathological liar, most likely severe anger problem, and some more shit but I don't know what to say yet. So I guess I'll do a biography or short-bio

 So I was born to my dad (learned from mom has anger problem; don't know if I can trust) You'll see a lot of distrust with her especially. And born to my mom (bipolar, paranoid, bitch) both had me before wed-lock. I guess I'll do a quick bio on them. ( sorry for it being everywhere this is all of my heart and head since it will be more heartfelt. My dad son of a woman (call her C-grandma) since her first name starts with C. Well she isn't a man hater but doesn't like to be weighed down ; realized after 8 or so divorced. And his dad (Bill) is a drunk cunt who treats his mom like shit ( dads dad) still lives in his moms garage at 68 or something. Well bill doesn't want his kid and C-grandma loves her son. Well C-grandma runs off marries new man (grandpa). Well my dad lives with grandpa after he and C-grandma divorce at age 10 or so. Well he hates grandpa ( up until the time I was born or close to it. They made up and were/are really close (the dad he never had). My dads relationship with his mom is just average they are pretty normal no real problems never were. Now to my mom

If anyone actually reads this me talking about my parents history is only to round out the story and give so background so please bear with me

My mom is a child of two other boys and daughter of a Vietnam veteran (PJ) and an Australian Christian lady (grandma). Well PJ was emotionally abusive and fucked up the good parts of my mom. My grandma isn't perfect (but is the closest thing I have to perfection in my family) and with Christian values still doesn't believe in divorce. PJ and grandma are still "together"just don't talk and avoid one another which isn't a problem since he is currently in prison for who knows what. Well my mom was also sexually assaulted, we don't talk about it I just overhear snippets from other family members. 
*half our family (moms side) lives within 30mins of each other including us
Well now history is done 
Damn this took nearly an hour and I haven't even started on myself at least it calmed my nerves MOVING ON

Well I was born out of wedlock 2002, I was the child of parents who got married because of the kid.
*They had no plans to get married beforehand. 
Well with the history of alcoholism, (alcoholism is increased when brought up around it right) so 2 fold for me since both parents grew up around it and now I do to, and the cesspool of depression, anxiety, bi-polar, and severe anger I was fucked from birth. Well when I was born both my ears were fucked up for some reason. So I couldn't hear and missed out on basic communication skills until age 3 when I got surgery and shit. Ears are fine now but it left me a few years behind other children my age and therefore I felt excluded. We lived in apartment complex till age 4 or 5 and I no memories of anything in my life up until that age area. Well I enjoy the new area we move into, nice suburb with a large elderly population right on the edge of city limits. *One key factor of each living area is no children within a 5 year age difference close 
This combined with the exclusion for being hard of hearing and therefore lacking basic communication skills leaves me being on the outskirts and social anxiety. 

ONE THING TO CLEAR UP: I'm not that kid that sits there fidgeting losing my shit. I am the type of person that sits there not talking and just listening. The way I've described my history thus far I seem like a basket case. I probably am but I'm good at hiding it. I probably appear average don't stand out too much.

Continuing, with the social anxiety and all I got used to being alone and entertaining myself. I had a brother at age 8, kid is now an unstable time bomb who has spent a quarter of his life in and out of mental institutions. We thought he was normal (I did) my parents probably knew better). Never close to him never will be (we will call him time-bomb for sake of secrecy and it makes me giggle) Till around 10 my life was good (most likely me being a naive little kid). I was really emotional but other then that I appeared normal. Hell, I felt normal and had mastered fitting in and bullshitting my way through conversations. (Probably not a normal thing for a 10 yo to be good at) 

*The tone and pacing is starting to change I had to go revise some stuff and clear out some lies (It's hard to stay true since not a lot of people know all this and I always like making a story sound better)

I had become complacent and started thinking my life is dull I want something to happen. I pretty much jinxed myself. Well around me shit started changing my parents fought (more like I started picking up on it), my dad business as a computer technician slowed so we lost half our income. My mom was a therapist for pretty much an insane asylum (crazies attract crazies) but got fed up with the buerocracy, so she started her own business as a private practice therapist with the money from my PJ's VA checks who was in prison again (all legal since grandma is still married to PJ and do anything they want with "their money"), he would have spent it on alcohol anyway. Well no with my mom making over 100,000k and my dad unemployed a superiority complex formed and only furthered the fighting. At this point I am being manipulated to hate my dad.

Now my dad is very prideful (like me) so while my mom was rubbing the paychecks in his face he couldn't possibly ask for money. This led to the house payments (what he pays for) to get behind. We got to the point to where the house was going to have to be mortgaged. 
GREAT IDEA INCOMING: how about we burn down the house and restart with the insurance money 
Well Mr. Prideful over here somehow did it and we were back our feet
CLARIFYING TIME: no one had any idea about the mortgage so to us it was (everyone else in the family) a house fire that burned all our shit. 
Now this is all sad but what was worse us that my mom was pregnant  with the 3rd child. 

(2012) Now no one knows about the insurance fraud except him so we continue on. We rent a house 15 minutes away and I switch schools since I am just out of the school zone. In my head everything's so cool new school, new friends, and new experiences.
(I was a cringey, Christian optimist) After all  I wanted my life to get interesting.
*Remember I still acted like a child and therefore naive and almost blind to the real world
After I move schools the 3rd brother is born (best kid ever: has long blonde hair like me, he keeps my grounded and stopped me from killing myself multiple times. Not like he grabbed the barrel from my mouth but the thought of him sad had kept me alive) We will call him little girl dice every mom mistakes him for one. 

NOW IT GETS DEPRESSING

After my brother is born my mom starts cheating on dad and I start seeing what is actually happening. My mom had been saying shit behind his back to me and pretty much grooming me to hate him. But with this happening my dad seems perfect In my eyes. Anything he's done wrong is just a lie so I side with him. With everyone on sides Mom: her and time bomb 
Dad: me, dad, and little girl
Divorce is announced to family and custody is thrown around 

Previous paragraph is the tail end of 2013
Next paragraph is the start of 2014

Now remember dad still has no money so he tries to stay once he realizes he will have nothing ( after all she had money for lawyers what does he have). Now in my eyes he is perfect still. In reality at this point he is just kissing ass and being her bitch. His pride is destroyed and he lost his backbone. 

Now it's the beginning of summer 2014
Mom has used Dad dry and throws him away. Now when I say she throws him away she calls the cops to our house and they escort him away. After he is gone she invites boyfriends over every other day and she drinks on our front pouch every night. Remember close knit community with elderly that also sit on the front porch. Word spreads around school that I live Ina drunk house and that I'm white trash. The kid that simply blended in is now throw into the spotlight 

I'm Tired of this ark so I will tie up loose ends and finish the year of 2014

-My dad is gone and now I am depressed 
-My dad now faces sexual assault charges 
(Still not resolved, unclear so we will glance over this) Just realize sexual offenders aren't able to get custody
-Visit dad at end of summer up north of the U.S where he lives with his mom even now (we live in south) the visit is where I learn of sexual assault charges
- Middle school has started and with it the stigma of living with a slutty, drunk

QUICK SUMMARY of 2014: I lose my faith, become pessimistic, dad gets thrown out and is rarely heard from (I start wanting to leave and see him even more), stop eating b/c self image worsens and I lose my appetite (I was already skinny), 
OVERALL: life worsens tenfold and eyes are partially opened

(The next year and a half I spent carefree and with no emotions)
Beg. 2015: I finish up my school year depressed and bullied with the hope that my dad will come back (he was still my hero)
Summer 2015: spent at grandmas eating nothing, thickening my wallet, going through puberty, binge-watching Dexter and Breaking Bad, and at church events (sweet Christian grandma doesn't know about views on religion/ waste of time)
End 2015: Start 8th grade with sweats, hoodie, new deep voice, and long hair
(I build a pothead stigma around myself which I just go along with)

At the end of 8th grade (Early 2016) I come to the realization that I want to die after I visit my dad for the last time

Now this is where I currently am:
At the beginning of High School I decided I wanted to at least try to have some fun before I'm dead. So I changed my personality and how I acted around others. No one even knows my parents are divorced. I didn't think about the repercussions because I didn't think I would live this long. After all there is no hell or anything of the sort and no one is really going to give a fuck, I'm just going to be one of many who take their life that day. But the past week I have been really happy. Hell I'm going up to Seattle with some other friends this summer, so I can at least live up until that point. I'm just afraid that all that shit with my family is going to get too me again, since the one kid I explained everything too is upset with me and spreading it around that my dad is a rapist and that my mom is a drunk, slut. What sucks even more is that multiple students who are patients of my mom have got wind of this and told her. So now I'm thinking of killing myself again. I don't know what to do
