I don't think I can keep goingMy husband and I have been married almost 8 years, have spent our whole marriage talking about kids, choosing names for our future children, planning our life. 8 months ago we started trying to have a baby, then he told me he changed his mind and he didn't know if he wants kids after all. A few months after that he changed his mind back and I got pregnant. It ended in a miscarriage. My husband held me and promised we'd try again, then changed his mind again 2 weeks later. 3 nights ago he told me he wants a baby just not yet, tonight he looked at me and said he didn't want kids, with no empathy or love in his voice. This is a typical week for us. 

Yes, we're in therapy, together and separately. I took a vow for better or worse and I've told my husband I'll be here with him no matter what. I write letters to the baby I lost. I sob, I cry. I used to believe in God and heaven but now I think it's all shit. I love my husband, he's my best friend. But I don't want to live anymore. My career has me working almost exclusively with the elderly. The ones without children are the most lonely and depressed. Often they have no one, they are forgotten. I don't want to die alone. 

10 years ago I had an eating disorder that almost destroyed me but I worked hard and went to inpatient rehab and have been in recovery ever since. Tonight while my husband played video games I went to the bathroom and made myself throw up until there was nothing left. There's too much pain. I can't live like this. I'm all alone in my pain. I'm losing all my friends as I watch them all become mothers, a club I'll never be a part of. I chose my career, my husband, my whole life around becoming a mother. I don't know who I am. I wish I was dealing with infertility, because then at least my husband and I could grieve together. But I know every month he breathes a sigh of relief that I'm not accidentally pregnant. 

I don't think in have a purpose left in this life. I don't love my job, it's just a job. I always meant to work part time once I had children. I don't want to hurt. I don't want to feel. My life isn't worth living.