I've snappedLast friday i locked down my work place for The weekend. It hadn't been a busy day with vacation time, not many orders, so i wasn't that tired. With that last "click" when locking up something in me just snapped. I got in my car and just sat there. For 30 minutes i just sat and tried to figure out what happened. It wasnt a good feeling. Or mix of complicated feelings and subconcious thoughts.

I didn't much feel like going home as I have done every day for The past 5 years. Its always been an amazing feeling, that friday feeling. Not this time. This time i didnt feel it.

Eventually i made my way to a store to pick up snacks for The weekend, its always Nice to watch a movie or something with snacks. Not this time however. There was no anticipation towards anything. I didn't look forward to friday night, saturday or sunday. So i tried eating some happiness, good dinner, movie etc. Felt nothing. I was in no mood for gaming with cyberpals/friends or alone, or reading, or chores, or spending time with my 3 Pet squirrels. Felt zero desire to talk to anyone. 

I spent most of The weekend just lying in bed trying to understand what snapped, What broke in me. My first thoughts went along The lines of wanting. I didnt feel like I wanted or needed anything in the world anymore. This scared me. And made me think of other periods in my life where suicide was a constant thought. This time felt different, or lack there of. But I would never end myself (incase anyone was getting worried) . Since my best friend growing up killed himself 3 years ago i promised myself to see life through no matter what. And I aim to, regardless of what happens. 

I wasnt expecting this though. This dissapearance of all desires, ambition, this curiousity for The world and reason to explore. Any will to live besides The promise i made to myself just gone.

I know I have reasons to live. They just aren't reasons I care about anymore. And im only sharing this because the feeling I have is still an enigma. And it might be interesting to know if anyone else has experienced it and what they've found or gotten from it. And to anyone feeling The same right now, if You can take anything from this that might help you please do. For instance, dont throw in the towel just yet, lets wait and see what happens at least. 

And to anyone whos looking to help, dont worry about me. You cant give me purpose or make me realize something I dont already know.