Im drowning in my thoughtsSo im having one of those low days, the ones where you dont look people in the eyes and when they ask whats wrong you just tell them your tired from not sleeping. Ya its that kind of day.

But the weird thing is i keep having these days more and more often, its not like i want to feel this way, it happens

So for one im in the military and having a stressful life and dealing with assholes is in the contract. But dealing with yourself isnt part of the dotted line you sign.
I deal with assholes, bigots and hypocrites on a daily basis but the one thing i still dont know how to deal with yet is myself.

I got to work most often now hungover from the night before because i tried drinking my shitty thoughts away for the night. Sometimes the drinking helps, sometimes it can make it worse. I guess you can call me an alcoholic, but i dont think i have to drink, its only when i need to get rid of the shitty thoughts. Alcohol makes my mind into pudding so i cant self-hate and rethink about my daily decisions or how shitty i think of myself.

Im good at my job, and most people like having my help around so being a complete piece of shit isnt my problem. The problem is being with people. We hate the weak, insecure and suicidal, they are just useless bodies to us. Its the military and we often think in the life or death mindset.

So when im afraid of expressing my feelings and talking about the shit thats in my head i guess im brainwashed to think its a bitch move.

But lately the alcohol doesnt numb me enough no matter how much i drink. My thoughts are still there. I cant tell anybody because they think that im crazy. Ive had this rough time lately and its from my own thoughts. 
Im at war with my own mind and my mind will win. 

I keep saying hey your not the piece of shit that you think you are, or that im not so worthless and im not useless to everyone around me. But i cant fight those thoughts anymore. I cant beat my own mind anymore i always lose this battle. I have to get away but i cant do it, im afraid of ruining whats left of my life because of a couple recurring thoughts in my head.

I always wonder who would give a shit about me if i died right now. But this list stops after my family. I cant find the reason to fight. I cant find the strength to want myself to continue whatever this life is. Im slowly drowning from my own thoughts in my head. Idk where to go to for help because im afraid of the outsider treatment ill get if i find help. I posted this because i can be anonymous and not feel unworthy of my stupid idle thoughts. 

I dont want sympathy or empathy, i just wanted to vent and hopefully somebody will listen. Thanks