This feels difficultI made a decision at some point during the last 10 years, what the last day of my life would be. There are less than 365 days left now, and as much as I keep thinking that maybe things have finally changed, they haven't. I'm still weak, and only exist for the sake of financial security for the few people who still require me.

The thing is, I even feel guilt because I do not suffer from some spike of trauma, nor do I feel like I've been given a raw deal or something. The former, would be a lie. The latter, I don't even know what to say to. All I know is, if people heard that I plan to die, they'd simply think I was an idiot. Maybe it's true, but I never said I wasn't.

It's more a snowball than anything now. I've let myself physically decay over the years. Hygine is intolerably bad, I've gone months, sometimes even a straight year, without bathing, i haven't been to a dentist or done anything to my teeth in years; they're cracked, yellowed, and likely beyond repair. I sleep little, I barely eat, and I pretty much look like I am already dead. Nobody really questions it, at least not to me.

That snowball has moved the idea of my death from "Can this turn around?" to more of a "Well, too late now.". I truly consider myself to be voluntairly socially retarded. I'm 29, never learned to drive. Have not attempted to find a girlfriend, let alone lose my virginity. I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't have hobbies outside of my home. If I didn't have to work to pay the bills at my current residence, there would be few times I'd ever bother to leave my basement suite anymore. I did these things to MYSELF, I completely am aware of that. I did them to myself because I knew, I knew beyond anything, that I would not become anything but what I am right now. So, knowing that no good could come of a person like me, I never found the will to go and obtain them.

It's the final year of my life right now. The day after my 30th birthday, I do plan to die. It's the "Time's up" point for the people who believe that I'll be around to  financially bolster them.(Not support, bolster. They are quite obviously capable themselves, now).

The problem is, I just needed a place to let some of this out. I've been here before, under another name, and I thought that maybe things could change if I said my piece.

This time it's different. I am very sure that things will not change. as I said above, it's the point now where I feel like I don't have what it takes to stop a snowball of this size.

All I want now, is to find a way to let this out a little while I patiently sit here, for one more year, waiting for the end of my world.

One thing though, I just wanted to say one last line for people, because I truly am starting to believe this, based on my experiences in life. Listen well:

It is possible to be the hero people need, make sacrifices for people who beg for them in their times of need, and still lose. You can do everything like the after school specials tell you; don't do drugs, respect people, be an upstanding citizen, and STILL lose. Whatever you do, don't base your entire lifetime around the needs of others, because it's so fucking easy to forget who you are, and if you're like how I am now, it's possible you will never find a way to get that back. That's when you start feeling that you just willingly gave up something, i don't know what, and you can't ever have it back.

