I overdosed on Xanax,Alcohol,and Norcos six years ago this NYE.It was also my birthday.
I got diagnosed with Graves Disease that year,and had my thyroid radiated out.I had been abusing drugs and hating life forever.Once I got diagnosed and couldn’t get my med levels right,I gave up.

I ended up eating a ton of pills and drinking a whole lot of gin and did not want to live anymore.I ended up blacking out,instead of dying and got a DUI.Cops found me passed out in my vehicle,I had crashed in to a fence and was out.Woke up in jail and had no memory of what had happened.
Got years of probation and a thing in my vehicle I had to blow in for over two years.

Ended up getting my Med levels right while I was on probation.
Got off Xanax and all other drugs.
Xanax withdrawal was fucking terrible.

I am happy now.Which is totally fucking insane.My mom died last year,my dad has brain damage/dementia.Being alone with my dad and taking care of him,while he is dying,is something I couldn’t have dealt with,and maybe getting so close to death made me understand others suffering in a way that I feel I can help him be more comfortable while he dies.I have every reason in the world to get depressed again and not want to go on.
But somehow getting my meds right for my Graves’ disease,getting on medication to help my anxiety Cymbalta,and taking the right sleep medication Trazadone,has helped me to be able to cope better.

I hope if someone reads this,they can maybe see somebody who got to what they thought was the worse part of their life,thought that there was no point in going on living,and was still able to get to where I could be happy,and deal with things that would have destroyed me years ago.
It’s not how I pictured finding peace in my life.But most peoples idea of what being happy means,and I must admit that it’s not what I thought it would be like either,is not at all the crazy thoughts I had about what peace felt like.But I do understand it now,and I hope your ideas about how it’s impossible to ever be happy in life,don’t get ramped up by your ideal form of what happiness is.It’s really not as out of reach as it feels.I had a really fucked up childhood and an even crazier run in with drugs,depression, and panic attacks.Things don’t just go away.But the way I deal with them,and even the way I think of them have been changed forever.

I didn’t find religion or anything to even follow.Therapy never helped me either.But knowing that I almost died and would have never even got to the point of feeling happy,and that is more depressing than anything I ever went through,and that’s saying a fucking lot.

I hope no one gives up on living.
For me,I am sure there is nothing after death.I don’t wish what I felt on anybody.I know lots of people have it worse and are still in the middle of not being able to decide if they can go on living.I don’t want anybody to die because they are sad and destroyed by life.I hope you get through it.I hope that everyone can find some peace in living,instead of dying.🧛🏻‍♂️