At a really low point in my lifehi. This is gonna be a really long post, so please bear with me, I'm just going to vent it all out since it's really late at night and I've been crying for hours now.

I'm a 16 year old girl currently about to take some really important exams. I have a brother who has struggled with depression for about 8 years now and some really supportive parents who have looked after him and gotten him help. However, I guess it's just not really working. This year especially has been terrible for all of us. Due to my brother's depression, he takes it out on my mother because of some feud that went on between them a few years ago that I presume still affects him to this date. Their relationship deteriorated even more this year, because after my brother quit his job, he blamed it on her. Ever since then, he wouldn't talk to her for about 7 months. He even tried to strangle her when she got angry and threw a remote at him, and I had to pry his hands off her neck. Personally for me, it was extremely traumatic, but I managed to let it go. At many points throughout this year, because of this cold war between them, along with my father's deteriorating mental and physical health, I have suffered from suicidal thoughts. I have never gone to attempt it, simply because I don't know how to, and I don't want my family to be even more devastated. I have shared these thoughts with a friend of mine.

However, recently things began to look up. Something happened and my brother actually apologised to my mother, and suddenly the 7 months of cold war was forgotten. However, today their mini argument escalated to the point at which she threw a remote at him again, keep in mind that he had been aggravating her with stupid remarks the entire day. He snapped, and verbally abused her immensely.

As a person, it really hurts me to hear someone abuse my parents profusely, especially when they have supported my brother all along. Although I understand my mother's actions were wrong, this situation makes me feel so helpless and hopeless. I broke down at that point. My father also had to intervene, and later on he revealed that he too is suffering from depression. This hit me immensely, although I had suspected it all along. 

My point is that I think I am mentally and physically exhausted to the point at which my motivation to do well in my exams are gone. All I can see when I close my eyes is the most painless way to kill myself. I've been thinking of hanging myself, but then again I end up thinking about how my parents and my brother would feel. I feel so fucking helpless and miserable. My social life and school life is great, it's just seeing my family suffering, and seeing them in this state ever since I was 9, it hurts so fucking much. I want them to heal, I want them to love each other, I want them to be happy. It hurts me so much to see them like this, I just want to die. I'm really tired. I'm actually considering it this time, I don't know what to do. I told myself I would think over it when I am in a more stable state of mind, but I feel like everything is so pointless. It hurts me even more seeing my friends with normal, healthy families when my life is a fucking mess. I'm just so tired