My depression has slowly turned into anger. I'm driving away the only people that care about me and making my situation worse.It feels like I have *always* been sad. I remember being a kid and crying myself to sleep some nights because of (what I now know was anxiety) and sadness. People have always liked me and I have always been decent at reciprocating those feelings and gaining friends. But as years go I on I feel, I don't know, inferior(?) to everyone else. There have been a couple times when I was just gonna go through with it and end it all. I mulled around hanging myself on the door knob, or shooting myself or even scoring some really strong drugs and making it look like an overdose (though I rarely mess with much more than weed and alcohol so some might be skeptical. But in the end there are two things stopping me. The first is thinking about the person that will find me. I can't do that to somebody, I just cant. And the second reason is just flat out fear. I am scared to die and I definitely don't want to suffer. Sometimes I wish I could just evaporate away and have never existed. I have fought the urges for so long that I am started to be angry all the time. I wake up sad but it always turns into anger and frustration, then I blow up (90% of the time at someone I care about) and by the time I cool back down I feel freaking awful for being such an asshole. I am always sad and I feel like I am taking it out on everyone. I think my best friend is done with me after fighting with him today. I have other friends, ones I have known my whole life but they all have families and wives and kids and jobs. I have a dysfunctional family, no job, and damn sure no wife or kids. I can't get out of my own head enough to try to find a significant other. I have even caught myself yelling at my dog and he loves me more than anything on this planet. I don't want to be mean anymore but it is the only way to channel my sadness and I hate myself for it. I never meant to turn out this way, and I just want to be normal and happy. I know that it would destroy my friends and I am certain that my mother would kill herself if I did it. But I don't know what to do. I used to hide my depression behind my eyes but now I am just a bitter, angry asshole. I would rather just be a sad recluse again than to be the person I have turned into. Honestly not even sure what I am getting at. I just really needed a place to vent I guess, thanks for listening to my ramblings. 
