The elephant in the room- rantI’m going to make this short or else I’d be writing a novel.
I’ve had suicidal thoughts for a very long time, even before I knew I had depression. I’ve attempted it more than once in the past year. My first ‘official’ attempt left an elephant in the room that is still here to this day. 
For the first and last time, I decided to slit my wrists sometime last year.  Perhaps it would have worked if I waited a few more minutes, but midway through 17 year old me panicked. I begged my brother to take me to the hospital with blood soaked arms and he did. I was put on suicide watch and made my mom miss 2 days of work. Which she made a big deal out of, though I understand. My mother refused therapy and refused to get the medicine I needed to help my lack of potassium.  (We have another elephant in the room, her name is ‘Eating disorder’- yay). 
After things simmered down, my brother and mother no longer talked to me and I was ignored for months. I could tell they dreaded me by the insults they gave me when I did try to speak with them. Tensions were high in the house for a while and eventually, I had to shove everything under the rug as well if I wanted to speak with my family. 
 I want therapy and lord knows I need it, but I will only succeed in making my mom angry by mentioning it. Which I find amusing, seeing how she has also claimed to have depression several times (Sort of off topic, but this was revealed when I found messages on her phone that indicated she was cheating on my dad. When confronted about it, she faked swallowing pills as a ‘suicide attempt’. We freaked out only to have the doctors tell us there wasn’t anything in her system and then blamed us lol.) I don’t know if her own suicide attempt makes her doubt me, but it’s come to the point where even I tend to doubt if I truly have depression or am just exaggerating it.

Anywho-It’s a bit strange, but the idea of taking medication sounds like a literal dream. Though I’m afraid that at this pace, it’s going to be a while before I am able to receive it with or without family support. 