you dont know any of these people. still though.I've played with this word a lot.
It used to be more common in my life, back when Fall Out Boy was still cool and Emo was still a new phenomenon. I was in middle school then and I was sad. I felt worthless and stupid and unloved. I was picked on by people that I hated and cared about alike.
Back then I was chubby. I say "chubby" because everyone goes "noooo" - they sound like a cooing pidgin to be honest - when I call myself "fat." Back then, I wanted to kill myself because I couldn't take it. The abuse and the feeling that no one really liked me - I wasn't "In the loop" among my friends and frankly no one ever called me, I called them - became too much and I wanted to die.
But then again, I knew it was dumb to think. So I didn't do it and liked a sad life until I finally broke that phase freshman year.
Sophomore year was my high point.
Then junior year was awful. I hurt Alex and disappointed my parents and basically fucked my future forever. At that point I lost everything. I just stopped because, well fuck I already ruined everything.
When I got rejected from Northwestern, I was honestly the lowest I had ever been. I had never in my life felt so useless and awful and just flat out shitty. I wanted to die.
That week I came the closest to putting a plan into action.
That turned around on that Friday night when my friends surprised me for my birthday. It was my personal "George, everyone pitched in and we raise the $8,000!" My heart was singing "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" and I was happy.
And now this.
This.
What is wrong with me.
I hurt Leanne.
I hurt her because I'm selfish and stupid and a dick.
I hurt her because I think with my penis.
I hurt her because all I could think about was my own happiness and I can't do that. I can't because I don't matter.
Ya know, I fuck everything up.
Like last week when I realized I needed the car on wednesday at the literal last second. It ruined my dad's schedule.
What the fuck is wrong with me?
So.
I know what I have to do.
I need to apologize to Alex. Fully and frankly. Tears will flow. I know they will.
Then I need to apologize to Lauren. I really liked her and even held her hand for a whole fucking car ride and promised we'd hang out but didn't because I'm stupid and a coward and now she doesn't even say hi to me in the halls. And when she does she does it like I ran over her cat or something.
Then I need to talk to Claudia. I don't think I can do this. Not while leanne is mad. I really care about her, Claudia. I think this whole thing has made me like her a bit more but, honestly, I care more about Leanne's friendship than a relationship with Claudia. So this whatever-we-are needs to end.
And then I wait.
Leanne won't talk to me, I know she won't.
I wouldn't know what to say, anyway.
So at that point, I kill myself.
I think it's a fitting ending.
I'd write a note, though, to clear up any loose ends. It'd say something like:

This is less of a note and more of a disclaimer. No one is to blame for this but me. I'm the one who hates me and I'm the one who killed me. No one else is.
Now, don't think this is a reaction to a single situation. I'm not some immature moron who thinks killing himself is a way to escape. It isn't. I mean, I'm dead. That's pretty prison like.
Rather, this comes from a long cycle of screw-ups and disappointments and failures. Those are the only things I'm good at, to tell the truth. I mean let's look at what resume for a moment: 

   * I bike, and yet I'm slow and out of shape constantly. I wobble like a fucking weeble every time I go out. I remember one time I thought I would one day be good enough to ride pro. That's fucking hilarious.
   * I act, and yet I'm over the top and unnatural. I stutter and don't speak clear and frankly I know that my directors tend to hate me. I've never seen me in a show, but like, have you seen the rest of the BCA actors? They're amazing. And here I am giving a performance that a tree could out do.
   * I sing, but barely. My range is shit and my ear is worse. I'm in an a cappella group and I can't harmonize. What the fuck.
   * I'm a bad student. I'm lazy and stupid and am afraid to talk in class or to communicate to teachers. I am a slow reader and frankly I can't understand French despite having taken it for years.
   * I'm a terrible friend. I'm unable to gift shop properly and I never talk to people. Sometimes people feel alienated by me and it's all because I don't know how to handle myself. This is now getting into the hurting people category.
   * I'm an awful Boyfriend. Don't date me (&lt;---sage advice is by some miracle I live).
   * Etc. Etc. Etc. (suck at making lists too. Also necessary King and I reference. Much love for that show).
I'm a worthless piece of shit - a screw up, a loser, a dick. I have no redeeming qualities and frankly I don't understand why people tolerate me. Why people don't just punch me in the face when they see me.
You know that feeling that you get when you hate somebody so much you just want to bash their head in? That's how I feel whenever I see myself in the mirror. I just want to do it a couple times and maybe, just maybe, I get some sort of skull fracture and pass out and then die from the blood loss. No one would come in because no one goes into a closed bathroom.
All I do is ruin things and hurt others and I want this to stop. The world would be a better place without me. I'm doing this for you guys - the people I love and care about. You know who you are.
Think about all the times I've burdened you or hurt you or annoyed you. Now imagine never having to deal with that again. You're welcome.
I love you so much, thank you for tolerating me and for trying. But, let's be honest, this is what's best.
-Matty

I'm considering driving into a tree at 70 mph. But that would result in too many car damages and lots of money needing to be spent, so I need to do something simpler.
Also I'm afraid of pain, so that's an issue.
Maybe CO poisoning. That could work.
I don't go to school one morning, clear out the garage, park the car in it and then close the door. Dead in a few hours, before my dad gets home.
That could work.
Jumping is the worst. Don't jump. Really, you'll shit yourself.
And where am I supposed to get a gun.
My parents don't use sleeping pills, but I'm sure I can find a nice substitute somewhere.
Yeah.
This is going to be hard.
But the right thing is always hard.
And this is the right thing.