I am going away soonI am ending my life very soon


2020 is going to be the best year ever because I will no longer be suffering or hurting, I will be dead. 

I am a 17 year old girl and I have lost all hope. 
I went to public school for many years and since year 10 I have been homeschooled, in my middle school years I was bullied very bad. I feel so alone, worthless, and like everyone would be better off without me in their life. I have borderline personality disorder, depression, anxiety, and my parents are not supportive of it. I show any sign of my mental illness and they do not care about me. There are many trees where I live now, I have thought about hanging myself from one. My dad has multiple guns and I could use one but I don’t think I have enough nerve to pull the trigger. I can’t deal with it anymore. My father is abusive. 

I feel as if I do not exist, my mental health has not gotten better I am getting worse. 


No one checks up on me, my “friends” do not exist anymore, I truly have no one. I made an Instagram without my parents knowing and I have made a couple of online friends but they’re not here and I am alone. I am never going to be happy, I will never be enough. I am a burden. I even told my father once that I was feeling down and I felt like suicide was an option for me he offered me his gun. I feel like I have been left out of everything , when my “friends” meet up and go out I am never invited, I am no ones first choice.  

My mother tells me I want to be sad, I am choosing to be sad, that is not true. when I cry, I am made fun of or mocked by my father. My father calls me names, he called a “dummy” today, he has called me many more worse things than that. Before I say anything else, I just do not want you to tell me “you’re so young, you have your whole life ahead of you! You will be 18 this year and things will get better!” I have heard it before and I have no hope. All I see is what I do not have, when I was younger I had a “boyfriend” but I have never truly experienced love and i feel as if i never will. No one wants me, I am nothing. If a boy talks to me, I am abandoned or they do not talk to me again. 

My cousins, aunts, and other female family members are having children, happy with their significant other and I am so jealous of them I am jealous and it makes me want to peel my skin off. I am suffering, I am hurting, I am crying writing this. Suicide has been on my mind for many months now, it has never been this bad and I know no one will miss me if I go, no one misses me enough now to think of me or message me why would they when I am gone? 


I have so much sadness inside and no one cares no one understands how sad I am. I express myself on the outside to show how I am feeling on the inside, I am scared to go in public now each time i went with makeup people would stare or even giggle at me and that makes me so upset, why am i different than anyone else? 

Growing up my uncle would always whisper in my ear “you need to lose weight” and I remember him telling my mother “there are girls her age that are skinner than her” or he would give me 10 dollars and then have a smile on his face and laugh about it while he told me “don’t go to McDonald’s and spend this” 

I was never fat, I am a curvy female now. Things such as this have traumatized me and I can’t stop crying. I had a dream of a family member that raped me, I felt it i am starting to believe it was not a dream. 

I have self harmed since the age of 9, when my father found out he laughed and told me “you’re just trying to fit in with the girls at school that cut themselves” I have relapsed and after I am finished typing this I am going to cut myself again. It’s always something I fall back into, my thighs are covered in scars. 

I am suffocated by my thoughts and by my depression. I can not go on like this much longer, life is unbearable for me.