My girlfriend says she is suicidal, anything I do doesn't seem to have an effect. In desperate need of advice.Hello, my girlfriend and I have been together 3 years, long distance relationship. We meet up 2-3 times the year and in total we spend a good 2-4 months together. This summer we are going to move in together, at least that's the plan.

In the past year my girlfriend has shown serious signs of depression, that have changed her as it got worse. A lot of things come from having a rough time at school and people in general, she always thinks people will make fun of her or think less of her. I knew about that when we got together, but didn't think much of it as everyone I know including me have some sort of social anxiety.

This has escalated a lot in the past year and in the last 2 months though. She keeps saying things like "I don't want to be here", "I want to go away", "I'm good at nothing", etc. Last February after a long talk and a few days of her thinking things through she promised me she wouldn't do anything. But now it has resurfaced and it seems to be much more serious than the last time.

I'm trying to shift her mood, I'm being as understanding as I can. But nothing seems to be working, she snaps at me for almost everything and the fights between us happen on a weekly basis. Small fights, for stupid insignificant reasons. But they still happen. It feels like we disagree on everything. 

I'm the only one she has talked to about this, no one else knows. She lives on her own, parents and brother are in different states. I also got no one to talk to, I haven't mentioned this to anybody. I'm afraid that if I mention this to someone I know it will change how they see her and treat her. Which I don't want. And if I say it to one of her family members, she might find out I talked and that might push her away from everyone completely.

I love her and I care for her. I just don't know what to do. She tells me she is not going to do anything because she is "too afraid". Part of me deep inside thinks that she doesn't really want to commit suicide, she is just really depressed with stuff at work and a life in general. Whenever I have asked if I have done something or if its me that is causing this, she swears I have nothing to do with it.

Most of the days it feels like she is a husk of herself. She has mentioned how I should let her go because she is causing me pain, but I'm not giving up on her. I'm not letting her alone in this fight. I keep reminding her of that. I tried telling her to go talk to someone but she refuses, says it will only make it worse for her.

I could use an sort of advice or help, I appreciate it.