Suicide at 13I am 13 years old, British, and living in Luxembourg. My life should be perfectly idealistic and lovely, but it just isn’t. I have no one other than my dog caring for me and that isn’t a nice thought; that one tiny creature is the only thing I have. To cut it short, I have tried to kill myself twice now by hanging. The first time, the rope must have untied before I died because I woke up on the floor with the rope next to me, which I am assuming meant I had actually tried to fulfil my plans from the day before. I just ended up vomiting for the rest of the night. The second time, I did pass out, but filmed myself this time and found that I had fallen of the rope after convulsing. I woke up not being able to remember anything and found my phone with all of the information from the past month I case I failed again, which I had. Looking at the time stamp on the video, I had been out for about 4 days whilst my parents were away.

I don’t want to live when my own mother ‘Wishes I would drop dead’ and both of my parents ‘want me gone’. I don’t want to live when every single kid in my year calls me weird and says no one likes me. I want to die, but the last two times I have tried have failed and I’m not sure trying again is going to yield the same effect or not. I’m considering jumping off my roof (3rd story + loft). What the hell can I do? I either get far too much sleep for about 16 hours or I get far to little of 3 or less. I want an alternative because I don’t want to continue like this. Everyone who I have spoken to has either said ‘it will get better’ or some zen mindset thing and I know for a fact the latter is just placebo, really. I can’t talk to my parents, I can’t talk to the school counsellor because she is friend with my mother, an English teacher st my school, and she would tell her. I have no one I can trust; no friends or adults.

What the hell can I do? I literally have nothing to live for but my dog, and I don’t want that to be the reply. Please, just tell me how I can solve this without my parents. Or perhaps how I can go to a doctor or something without my parents. Please just bloody help me, I can’t go on like this.