I would really appreciate some genuine advice here, about some questions that have been on my mind the past few weeks, thank youThrowaway, this is literally the only place I can think of where I can request a conversation of this nature. Thought of omegle, but that is just a write off (I'm no f16)  It obviously needs to be a anonymous talk. 
Before I start, to whoever is reading this, please understand that I am writing this to genuinely look for respectful advice, If you have that, then please be so kind to talk with me.  I am not going to go into the reasons or anything for my decision, you should know this isn't a spur of the moment whim decision or anything of that nature, I genuinely do not want to talk about anything of it. 
I'm struggling with how to make preparations for use of a better word. 
Mainly for my brother,sister, mother and father. I realise that it will probably the worst thing that will ever happen to them, so I have given this a lot of thought, how unpleasant it may be. 
It will be dignified, to the best I can do, thought about this for the last two and a half years, I want to soften the blow in every way that I can.
Forgive the vulgar talk, but I haven't chosen on a note especially, I have written something personal to both my brother and sister, and mother and father. Trust me, it has taken me a very, very long time to write these. The nature of them bothered me for a great while, mainly because I didn't want them to be negative or dark in any way, the content is all personal loving things about our lives together. I didn't want to offer any explanation (although I have a bit of comfort knowing that they will understand somewhat, again, not going into detail here). So I've basically got them, I'm not really doing anything else. 
I live alone, about two miles away from my parents' house, I am still undecided on how to inform them (again, I must apologise for the nature of this), but since I live alone, a good four or five days could past before people become alert, I honestly don't want this for them, so I want to let them know the best way I can. Now I just can't stress  how much this is bothering me, because it feels too much like I'm delivering it personally to them, when in fact I just want them to have the easiest path out of this. I've always over thought everything in my life, it's only natural that this is also one of them. 
Secondly, again I must apologise, but do one make requests for funeral proceedings? There is a particular song that has always been special to me, and I have jokingly mentioned it to friends and past girlfriends in the past that If I ever die I want it to be played, but would it be too crippling on my family to read things like this? 
Given the age we live in too, I have made plans to dispose of my mobile phone and laptop, merely for the fact that I don't think it is fair for someone to be left with something that can pry into unnecessary aspects of a persons life. I imagine it wouldn't be very beneficial to anyone have access to a lost ones laptop. 
The final thing that I need some advice with is the dilemma with my brother and sister. One of my closest friends I lived with in university lost his older brother to suicide, the week he moved into the campus. He once said to me what pains him the most is not knowing why. In fact, he pulled out of university a few years back because it was still too much for him to handle bless him. 
There's nothing more that I want in my heart for them to truly understand why, just so they have something, so they won't have the pain of not understanding, but christ, I can't possibly even begin to imagine how I would write something like that to them, or even If I had it in me at all. 

If you've read this far, thank you ever so much, and if you wish to respond, please fight the urge to write advice or help about changing my mind, whereas I appreciate the thought dearly, I am really lost in the world right now of finding a medium in wish to have this conversation. I'm hoping this will be okay. 

x