Hi, I want off this roller coaster.Hi, everyone. I would just like to get off this ride. Before you jump on anything, I'm not depressed, I'm not sad, I just want off.

I have come to the conculsion that my life will mean nothing more, than a working my whole life to pay for things that really have no value, I will never be loved, I am a reject of society, and that not matter how hard I try in my life I will never change this.

Now, I know, some of you are going to tell me "Life is what you make it." or "It will happen, just give it time." Well, let me tell you, I'm tired of giving it time. I've given it time for almost 26 years. I know that is not a long time, but you see my friends, 26 years of suffering is a very long time. 

"You need to just go out and be sociable." Ah, a good point, truth is, after having my family conivince me that shoving every pill down my throat is a good thing, my social aptitude has fallen apart. I now talk with a stutter, I have lost all confindence, and am a mere shadow of my former self. Hell, I haven't even had a date in two and a half years. Aren't I a winner? 

"Hit the gym, brah." Tried that, became a cage fighter for a time, pretty good at it too. Seems I'm only good at hurting people or getting hurt. Kind of ironic, huh? But in the end that didn't help either. The last girl I got close to even told me how unattractive I was! 

"See a therapist" "Pop more pills" Woot! That's just what I need, more of what has made my problems worse over the years. therapists that do nothing, but see me as a car payment, and then want to hospitalize me. And more pills that fuck me up in the long run. 

So as you can see, I am tired of this game. I am tired of coming home smelling like shit and being tired as hell. I am tired of not getting anywere anymore in life, as it has hit a plateau. After the plateau I will deteriorate, as does everyone when they get older. Will become more alone, and worthless and will just be waiting to die. I do not wish to wait to to die, so I throw in the towel and submit to the endless void.