Alienated from everyone close to meI don't want to go into all the details, but tl:Dr my parents have had bedbugs in the past and they may still have them despite two trips from the exterminators. And I have just moved back into my hometown from the city.

About a week before I moved back my cousin called me and told me that he was at my parents house and he found a bug on the couch. I told my roommate about it and my roommate's fiancé's brother in law overheard and told his family that my parents have bedbugs again and so here's where I am now. 

I can't spend time with my family because they likely still have bedbugs and they won't admit it due to some kind of fucked up pride. And they said last time they seen one they bought some bedbug spray and took care of it themselves. Idk if anyone has ever dealt with bedbugs before but from what I've read, getting a heat treatment from an exterminator is the only thing that works. 


When I first moved back, would eat meals with my parents in their kitchen, avoiding any other room because of bedbugs. However when my friend's fiance's family found out about the bugs, my BFF said that I couldn't come over to her house until I was sure that I had no bugs on me because I had been in my parents house. 


So now I'm in a situation where I am alienated from both my parents and my best friend. I don't have any other close friends. And I constantly undermine my own efforts to spend time with people due to my own emotional baggage. I stay anxious, and depressed and constantly am in some state of avoiding a panic attack. And I'm getting to a point where I don't know how much longer I can last like this. 


I don't feel like I can look forward to a life where I just have to deal with chronic loneliness and crushing anxiety on a constant basis. I've never had to be alone before now, there's always been people around me, and now I got nothing. I'm faced with living not only on my own, but alone as well. I've been overeating again. I feel listless. And I know those things are making it worse but I'm not sure if I care anymore. 


I just want to not hurt, and I want to not care about anything anymore. I'm tired of being lonely all the time.