Please hear me outI am a 23 years old guy, and I'm afraid that I might commit suicide this Thursday.

Like, I have a lot of problems in my life. I completely fucked up my life and now I'm paying the ultimate price.

God, where do I even start? I dropped out of high school, because I was an edgy teenager and I wanted to attend an art school instead. Well, I attended one, and then I dropped out of that one too.
Then, my family forced me to finish my high school education and enrolled me into a high school for adults. I dropped out of that one too. Why did I drop out all the time? Because I just... god, I wish I knew. I just wanted to sleep and play video games all day, because I'm just... so damn tired all the time.
Anyways, I lied to my family about attending high school, and I lied about graduating it. My family thinks that I've finished high school. I haven't.
Well, after that, I lied to my parents about attending a culinary school. I don't know why I lied again, but I did. Well, I've "attended" this school for two years now, and my family supported me through it all. Every single damn day, I've lied about going to school, cooking etc. It's so fucking painful. 
Well, my graduation is due on Thursday. My mother, my brother, my stepfather, they all want to come and see me graduate. Yeah, I guess you see the problem, because I never attended the school.

Also, I'm heavily in debt, because I'm renting an apartment, since my "school" is located in another city. I took out several quick loans to pay for rent, since I've been unemployed for a year and a half. No one knows that I'm in debt, but every day I'm afraid that my family gets a call from a court. 
Also, my rent is due on Thursday. I don't have a single fucking penny. There is nothing I can do. I lied to my landlord, I told her I've got the money. I've lied to my family, I've told them the same. I just lie all the time, that's what I do.

So, you see the problem? I love my family above all else. They've been nothing but kind to me. I've lied to them for the past four years. I'm a fucking monster, a lunatic.
I want to die, because I've been depressed ever since I dropped out of high school. I just want to sleep, man. I'm so fucking tired all the time. It's like I go to sleep, and I wake up and I'm still sleepy. I can't describe how tired I am. I can't deal with this.
Every single day is pain. I'm anxious of everything. Every single noise makes me jump. I've got terrible social anxiety and I can't make eye contact with anyone. Every day I wake up in sheer terror, then it's dull boredom, and then it's tiredness again, for the past three years. I can't, guys, I fucking can't live like this. I'm a monster, a shell of a human being.

I want to go to some distant forest and cut my veins. I want to do this so bad. I'm probably going to do it this Thursday, because I've fucked up my life so badly. But my family... I will doom them, right? They'll never get over my death. I love my brother over everything. God, I even made a playlist for him to find after my death. It has, like, 200 songs and I recorded interludes that explain everything to him.

Does any one of you guys play Life is Strange? Man, I wish I could reverse time.

Okay, enough rambling. There are two more days to go, two more days to decide on my fate. But... I've never told this to anyone. No one knows of these lies. Writing this has helped, and I sincerely love everyone who reads this. 
I do, I love everyone so much. I've got so much more love to give, but I'm afraid I'll have to kill myself soon.

Also, sorry for my English, it's my second language.