A open letter to myselfForgive the raw formatting, I just wrote what came to my mind

Derek, This is and should be the hardest one to write. Son I know you’ve been through a lot. A lot of it infact all of it was your decisions. I don’t think you took responsibility for them. But at the same time I remember how you were feeling. I remember you intentions and the beautiful feelings of love inside you. I know that place is still there dude. And I know how you struggle everyday to keep tha light shining within you. Thigns didn’t work out how you planned but maybe that’s better for you. Its been a long time of struggling. Remmber when you were younger, you were so happy just to breathe. You literally sat there for a second and just enjoyed the shit out of breathing I remember that moment you were on the couch. Shit dude that was along time ago. I know you got into drugs and you thought you weren’t making bad choices just doing what ever one else was but besides the drugs your actions that you made, you weren’t taking repsonsilibity for. I know you felt like you didn’t have a choice like you weren’t even choosing anything but looking back its obvious. And that shows who you are. That’s not a bad thing weve all made choices bud its how we grow. I know you went to a really dark place because of Marilyn and how strongly you felt for her. Fuck from almost a decade later writing that made me tear up a little. Bro you have a beautiful heart full of so much love and I know you witsh you could go back to where that love emiinated form your every action. I know your making steps towards getting it back and doing what you can with what you’ve been giving and I know you struggle. You always thought you had some mental health issues but always embraced them ebacsue its hwo you are. You love life so much and you carry so much pain with you. Your 25 and a virgin and haven’t found love since Marilyn in 10th grade. I know that bothers you but you keep going, I know your kind and caring and your strongest passion lies in helping others. I think you need to show yourself more kindness and mercy and help yourself bro. People love you and you don’t question that. But I know you want love from a girl you know that would make you so happy because whne you felt it with Marilyn you were so happy almost euphoric and at that moment if you died, you would have died happy. If you ever feel like dieing which you do a lot, read this and look back on what I told you. 
	I love you with all my heart Derek  let love guide you always.
----

if anyone has any comments id love to hear if anyone can relate and if you want try it yourself I felt a lot better after and I cried on the last sentance 