Permanent Damage? (a Tad bit long? &gt;w&lt;)Hi! This might be long o-o
Sorry in advance if it's Scrambled, I can't get my ideas straight =3

(Msg to a friend: Stef don't mind me &gt;w&lt; it's not something you can do anything about this sooooooooooooooo nu reading 
._. )


START:

So now it seems like my suicidal tendencies seem to be peaking in amount &amp; frequency, Maybe it's normal since I'm at the stage where I'm having my shifts in adolescence, Or maybe that I'm just used to it.

I want- nope I am DESPERATE to actually find an easy painless suicide method which I have been in the past 8 years (mostly they end up as a fail anyways)

I am running into obstacles much harder (well it seems like it's ONLY me) than before.

My previous self-destructive behavior is now becoming a habit &amp; a trait now.
But to be brutally honest, I think I'm just lazy?

What is the difference of being lazy &amp; just tired of everything that you give up?
(I don't think I reworded/explained that feeling of mine well in that phrase sorry &gt;_&lt;)

Now a days I just struggle to go out of bed or go to school.
My absences are sometimes really illnesses (like fever, stomachache, flu, allergies etc.)
But than most are just me without the will to go on.

If you'd see my records, there's a pattern:
An absence per week.
Different reasons &amp; different days of the week.

&amp; then I am not submitting the needed requirements for my subjects because I prioritize sleep &amp; rest. Not like in the previous years I would try my best to pass the requirements but now, it feels like that I don't even want to. Maybe that's laziness or in what I would feel about that:

1. My mind will tell me to do the requirement
2. I would feel very hopeless &amp; tired in just making the first step ("I'll just fail...")
2.2 Worry a lot
3. I give up
4. I distract myself
5. Repeat when remembered until the point of the deadline

This greatly contribute to my anxiety to go to school in which I have regularly felt for 7 years because... Bullying.

"Going to class? Well good luck, some of your classmates are going to bully you"
 
I'd use to just go to the clinic as safe haven, now technically I can't (they seem to have a lie detector now 😨)

Even though my classmates, after 8 years, are incredibly kind now. My mind &amp; heart has already associated classmates as being "scary, mean &amp; bullies" so I stay away from them even though they try to befriend me.

Meanwhile teachers are "Terrifying &amp; Unforgiving" "if you miss something just let them have it graded as 0", since even before I would miss out on just a few requirements &amp; whenever I was confronted by this by my teachers they wouldn't take it lightly &amp; worse with other teachers inside the faculty room.

My grades are drastically falling since 7 years ago. 

I love to learning new things but then these feelings of being blocked is not helping &amp; pulling me.

The wrongs I do, the suffering that i inflict upon myself converted into feelings of satisfaction.

Everytime something bad happens, my brain will instantly reply: "Ha, good! If you suffer a bit more &amp; make bad decisions that will lead to permanent damage, you'll be able to commit suicide immediately!".

I try my hardest to hide these feelings from those around me.

I am frequently attempting to make conversations around people &amp; have a loud voice for recitations (actually that's just energy converted from fear instead of from confidence &amp; courage).

Today. I am pretty much absent again, instead of learning wonderful things that is being taught in school...

I am researching about suicide methods

END

P.s. Somewhere around in the message, I lost most of the ideas that I was supposed to relay ._.