I was born a burdenI've always felt like a burden. Whether it be the medical bills to the food to the clothing, I've just always been a detriment to my family. I don't live lavishly, I let my sister and mother and father live the life they can. Part of that life includes reminding me how much money I've (l)(c)ost my parents. My mother has always been this way and up until recently, I had just had to deal with it. I grew depressed and eventually turned to drugs and alcohol. However, I always kept a fine GPA and stayed in tune with what I was good with and kept working on my various side projects. That became too much for me and I looked into moving in with my father for the time being due to the fact that my mother had become unbearable. My father, a much more timid spirit, could continue to talk to me in a serious conversation instead of devolving from worried to screaming like my mother. 

I've gone to many different therapists to help with family problems, depression, and some mental troubles. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia earlier last year and instead of helping me my parents decided it was in their better interests to ignore it and because of this I currently have to wake up in the morning and suffer every second while I'm awake until I sleep which turns into a 3 hour turn-and-toss fest until I wake up and don't have the will to try sleeping again.

To get to work and school, my father helped me buy a car. No longer can I tell if he continually reminds me of the car's price and how much he could've done for himself with the money. I want to pay him back as soon as possible but I am in no position to even start dealing with that matter.

My mother can't be trusted. She goes out of her way to make my life harder. She will call and text me every 2 hours asking if I'm available for dinner or some sort of meeting where when I decide to meet her she will spend as long as she can doing her best to remind me that she gave birth to me and it was the worst mistake in her entire life.

I no barely eat at this point because I'm afraid to walk into the kitchen and make food out of ingredients I didn't purchase and I'm barely making enough money to pay for school and gas as it is. I cry on average 2 or 3 times a day but I think it's just a bad habit because I haven't gained anything from it yet. 

I still consider suicide every day but it's not feasible when considering the position I am in. It's selfish. I read that suicide has a greater chance of hurting me long term over killing me. If I attempt suicide, I'd probably mess it up and end up becoming a figure that sits in bed all day and drains my parents' money on medical bills. If I do somehow succeed with suicide, my parents will end up having to pay my funeral expenses.

At this point in life, I'm slowly building up the money so I can safely move away and cut all contact with my family. Maybe I won't be happy but they can be.

I'm lost