I recently patched things up with a dear friend, and now more than ever I want to die.I'm eighteen years old, towards my final term of school, and only recently a friend and I had a falling out. I met him last year, when I moved to my current school, and me, being shy and awkward and quiet and pessimistic, was certain nobody would ever talk to me, even though I was the "new person". Well, I was wrong, he talked to me, I found out we shared the same interests, he complimented me on my hair, my t-shirt, he introduced me to his circle of friends; within the span of ten minutes I had come to the conclusion that he was a good person, and I had hoped that we could be friends, I was happy to work hard for it to happen. And the week followed, we did become better friends, and I fell very painfully in love with him. At the time, I was really convinced he liked me back; nobody had ever shown me this sort of affection before, not even the previous person I was in a relationship (although, to be fair, said relationship was three years prior). I was so in love with this new friend of mine. When I found out he had a girlfriend (another person told me, I've never told my friend that I liked him), I was beyond heartbroken. I even resorted to an old vice to help me deal with the pain - self-harm - and I hated myself for even thinking I stood a chance with someone as wonderful and beautiful as him. 

It took me a while to get over that, but I continued being friends with him as best I could; looking out for him, hanging out with him and his friends, going to see all the gigs his band would play live. I couldn't quite shake the feeling of affection I had for him, but I was trying to be content with a friendship. It worked. 

Summer came and went, the next term back something was strange, soon enough I realised that he was acting extremely cold towards me, and I had no idea why. To this day I still don't. His coldness lasted five whole weeks (one of those weeks we both spent at school camp, that was a nightmare and I won't get into that now) and then Monday morning last week things were back to normal, in a very weird way. He was being kind, funny, interested, warm to me again. I took it as a sign that whatever had happened between us to cause a rift suddenly fixed itself. I was both happy and terrified; what if we fell apart again? What if I said something stupid and fucked it all up? I decided not to focus on my negative thoughts. I continued working to keep our friendship up, I went to see his band play live yesterday. He let me know how glad he was I made it. 

Today I caught the train home with him. He told me that his girlfriend and her friend (both of whom I'm friends with) were trying to set me up with someone. He told me about the garden near the train station near his house. He smiled the way he used to back when I first met him, so warm and full of joy, like a beautiful painting. When we parted ways I couldn't breathe. I mulled over everything I'd said, worrying I sounded like an idiot in everything I said, worrying I said too much, too little, talked too fast. And I think now, more than ever, I don't want to be here. I know I should be happy with my rekindled friendship with him, but I'm so afraid it could all fall apart again. I feel so overwhelmed with having him back, with still being insanely in love with him, I can't shake the feeling that our friendship just won't last, though. I hate myself so much, I really think I want to end my life. Maybe I'll do it tonight, and finally end this tiring charade I call my life once and for all. It'd be so nice to escape this mess, to never have to fear or feel a thing ever again. I want death so badly. :(