The letter I wish I was brave enough to send my loved onesI’m going to kill myself after work tonight. I’ve been preparing my letter for a week now, but I can’t bring myself to send it, so I’m dropping it here. Not sure what compelled me to. Maybe it’s one last cry for help. 

Dear Mum, Dad, and everyone. 

I’m sorry that I killed myself. I’m sorry if you start to feel like this is your fault. I wish I could say something to take away the pain, but I know that’s likely impossible for you right now. In this letter, I want to say why it happened, because I lived so long in silent suffering. 

I’ve killed myself because I have nothing. Everything has been stolen from me. 

Depression stole my relationship with you guys from me. I remember how much fun my mates and I used to have, and now look at how it was in the end. I was too broken to even speak. I didn’t have any self esteem whatsoever and I could see how my silence weighed us down. You deserved better. 

My job stole my dignity. I couldn’t support myself when they cut my hours, but honestly that feels like my fault for being autistic and unable to adapt to regular work. Now what do I do, I spend my time doing sex work. I should have worked harder at fixing myself but I didn’t. 

I guess I just wish I could have said all of this when I was alive. I wish I could admit it, and I hope hearing it provides at least some context for why I did what I did. Never in my life did I want to be diagnosed with autism, or be a prostitute, or lose my connection with those I love, but it happened to me. It happened and it was fair. I couldn’t take looking at myself in the mirror and I couldn’t stand therapy. How does a girl like me stand in the mirror and say affirmations to myself? How can I do the things that I do and tell myself I’m worth it? 

I can’t, I couldn’t. 

I love you guys. You kept me here for as long as I could stand it. But I’m the end, seeing how my depression was hurting you was enough to make me realise there was no hope for me. I’m just sorry I couldn’t have done more to help you all .

Love, 



That’s it I’m sorry if this is a bannable post. I guess I’m just lost and was using a default for one final push for guidance