I've hit a brick wall.

I dont know how to word this constructively, or where to start. So I'm just going to go. Before you think I've had some long history of abusive behaviors and depression. I havent. I'm 22 years old, I've always been that happy, lit, funny dude at every occasion. Constantly making the next person laugh, and a person always willing to comfort those who need it. And always the life of every friendly get together or occasion. I loved life and lived it to the fullest. 


Now. Within the last year of my life I've went from being on top of the world with an amazing job, my first apartment, and a beautiful relationship with an amazing woman. To losing the job, losing the apartment. And the relationship. I've moved back into my parents house with no money. My car had been repossessed which makes finding a job that much more difficult. My relationship I thought was a temporary break. Is permanent. And I cannot find work. I've been completely stripped of everything that I identified myself with. Everything I worked hard for in life. Just gone. I've sold almost all of my belongings that were valuable to make some small cash to get.me by the weeks with groceries. And I have nothing. I cant find a job. I feel like a defeated piece of shit. I STRUGGLE to find a reason to want to get out of bed in the morning. I struggle to go about regular day to day things. And I struggle getting this girl out of my head. Last Saturday I wrote my suicide note. And tied an extension chord around my neck. I was convinced I was going to do this, so that I didnt have to continue fighting when I'm completely exhausted. The pain I feel on a day to day basis is just unbearable. However. I looked in the mirror and just broke down. Despite how bad I want to end this fucking miserable shit right now. I just dont think I have the fucking balls. Every night since then I feel myself becoming more content with the idea that if I tie that chord to my back porch, that's all I need to do to get rid of everything. 

I'm just tired, I'm tired of giving my absolute entire effort into everything, and making no progress. Every 1 step forward is 3 steps back. And to add onto the physical, mental, emotional, and financial exhaustion, day in and day out I just think of this girl being with someone else. Someone else touching her the way I did. Someone else making her happier than I ever could. And i just dont want to see those days. And i dont fucking know the point of me writing this to reddit, i really dont. But then again I'm completely lost.