Where to start19, I hate living obviously. Grew up the only boy with 3 sisters all mixed. Typical single white mom and nigger missing father. I know my dad, see him now and then maybe every other month. I never talk to him, or anyone really for that matter. No one knows who I am. I feel like I'm always being dragged around with my family since I have no ambitions of my own and I'm neet. I told my mom at 16 I wanted to die and that I od'd on pills at my "friends" house but survived. That's the only part of my life she knows about. I'm not stupid, I just honestly hate talking to people, it kills me, if someone asks me a personal question I'll just freeze and look like an autists while I proceed to think of an exit strategy. I dropped out of highschool in 10th grade and ghosted all my "friends". Live in the south went to a school mixed with all types of creatures. Black/white/mexicans/down syndrome/autists/asians/school shooter stereotypes, you name it. Being mixed really fucked me up as I got older because I had no one to relate to, especially as the only boy in the household with only a white mom to look to. My favorite lyric of all time; Earl Sweatshirt "To black for the white kids and to white for the blacks, from honor roll to cracking locks up off them bicycle racks." I wasn't really  a chad or nerd, just somewhere in between, stoner if I had to put a pin in it. Never really hung out with just one crowd, I could go from spending my days with qt's to spending them doing drugs with one group of people to playing video games all day with another crowd. Most of my friends were predominantly white growing up, I would go and stay at their nice quiet 2 story houses on the weekends getting a taste of the sweet life, only to return to my tiny shitty loud roach infested trailer with 5 dogs and 5 cats. I think this is why I hate my family the most honestly, they're typical ignorant black people (except for my mom obviously) who constantly play music as loud as they can and yell when they talk, they do the same shit to this day. Played video games a ton growing up, specifically league of legends for nearly 10 years now, probably why I'm so anti-social. I was the golden child growing up, athletic played multiple sports, perfect grades up until highschool. Now I just hate mostly everything that's not video games or drugs, I just chalk that up to the depression though. I've taken LSD several times from when I was 16-18, haven't in the past year or so. I told myself I would never do it again until I'm happy with my life and I have friends. It has given me a lot of perspective, I'm not a noobie druggy that I would let it destroy my psyche so easily. In February at the beginning of this year me and my 2 oldest sisters moved to a house in the city where we live with my oldest sisters girlfriend and her kid. It's just as cancerous as my childhood home, just as loud, I don't see a pile of 20 roaches when I look to my left but I still see a few every so often, 2 dogs and 2 cats that piss and shit everywhere. All I do now is fiend for entertainment and smoke weed. I've actually been sober for 3 weeks for the first time in 4 years, trying to last a month. Weed is probably the only reason I haven't killed myself. I just don't know what to do besides slave away for 7.50 an hour, even then I can't really do that just yet because I've yet to obtain a GED and drivers license, or car. All I can do is just wait. I just sit in this fucking room and wait. Wait for something, anything. I need this month to be over so I can go back to smoking weed again. I've thought about selling weed but I have no connections. My grandpa (mom's side) let's me do little jobs with him like yardwork every now and then to make money, he is pretty wealthy and has been helping us out our whole lives, he has bought my oldest sisters and my mom cars and has talked about buying me a car. I just really don't know how to begin my life, the only thoughts that come to me are degenerate thoughts like try to make music, even though I have no passion for it, or try to stream or go pro in video games. I'd of killed myself by now if I knew how to obtain a firearm. 

God bless the person that actually reads this abomination of a post.