The first timePresent time. It is been 3 months since my mother decided to flew and work abroad like my father. Different country. Since then i became the "father/mother" of my 4 younger siblings. Every morning my grandma visits us to help me do the daily house chores, and leaves every afternoon.
My youngest brother is only 1 year old and 9 months when my mother flew abroad. It is challenging and fun to be both figure in your youngest siblings. But it can be really really tough and exhausting too. It is not new to me though, taking care of my younger siblings. But this time i feel it became harder. The first time i did something to rest forever is when i drink all of my prescripted and some unknown drugs at once then sleep. I found plenty of pills in our medicine box. Some of the drugs are from my recent operation which is acute appendicitis way back years ago and some i don't know. I got "open"ed, the term i heard from one of the doctors. Because the hospital where i got operated was not that advance when it comes to operations. They do not have the technology that will make the procedure of my operation easier, without cutting from my upper abdomen to my lower abdomen and opening me. It looks similar to a woman that gave birth via a caesarian section.
I hate my father that time because when i got operated because of ruptured appendicitis, he was home on-vacation for 2 months. I've been telling them, my parents that i always feel pain in some parts of my stomach and i've been feeling it for 3 days, but they always tend to ignore it telling me that it is only a stomach pain because of me eating a lot. Then days after days of resisting my stomach pain. As days past, my stomach pain began to ache more. For days i tend to walk slightly bending forward, so that my stomach pain won't hurt really bad while walking. Because every time i walk in my normal posture, my stomach pain aches more. Then one night. While sleeping i woke up feeling the worst stomach pain i've ever had. I stand immidiately and woke them. I remember my mother asking me what is wrong? and that i looked pale. After that i scream of agony and cry. So loud that my whole family got up because of my cry. I said to my parents, "please send me to the hospital i can't bear it no more" "it really hurts". I was 17 when it happened. And my mother knows that i will not cry and that loud if i was not really in pain. So much pain. So he convinced my father too to rush me to hospital, but my father insisted and said, "it is nothing that bad, it is just an "usog" (please search it, tnx!) and we cannot rush you to the hospital immidiately, we can't afford to pay hospital bills right now". Thats what he said knowing the fact that i was in a massive pain. After that i made my mind that whatever happens next. More pain, more vomiting of green fluid. I will not say it to them. I was ready to die that time. i did not even feel scared. I just want the pain go away. I never drink nor eat something they gave me that day. But then one of our neighbours check me who has a nephew that was confined and operated because of appendicitis. He talks to my parents then suddenly they rush me to a hospital. I do not care anymore, the thing that i was only aware of that time is pain. Please make the pain go away! Then after an hours of waiting, i got operated. After that incident the feeling and the idea of me dying does not scare me anymore and it stays in my head. What scares me more is the idea of pain i will feel before i die. Since then i always imagine myself picturing me dying in every possible way. And sometimes i want to do what my mind is showing me, cross the highway and get hit by a fast car, jumping on the balcony where i am standing, slith my wrist with a razor blade, stab myself with a kitchen knife, cross the train as the train pass me and many more. it got lessen though after my mom gave birth to my little brother. 

After swallowing a lot of pills i force myself to sleep, then after that all i remember was me vomiting a lot of fluid with  some of the pills i swallowed. My mother was busy doing house chores and taking care of my younger siblings downstairs that she doesn't even heard the sound of me vomiting upstairs. I felt the stomach pain i felt when my appendicitis got ruptured. My body crumpled. I felt dizzy. Then i sleep. I still feel the stomach pain and the dizziness the following days but i ignore all of it then after 4 days, as i recall i feel better again. As if like i did not try to kill myself so that i can rest forever.

Now, the feeling of numbness that i felt when my brother died years ago came back. Last monday i get hit by a car, but nothing serious happened.

Sorry to cut it here. It is too late. I need to sleep cuz i have things to catch on tomorrow. Sorry!
Sorry about my bad english and my choices of words.