What comes next...?I don't see a future for myself where I'm happy.

So I graduate college this June. But I majored in Biology. I didn't really want to be a doctor, but my parents wanted me to. I'll be stuck living in this house with them, and I don't like this environment. My parents are addicted gamblers and take their losses out on me.



I see my life developing in a couple of ways.
1. I end up doing what my parents say, and apply for medical school. I will continue going to school for another ~12 years, getting a job as a doctor, but I will be in my 30s at that point.



2. I don't graduate early. I take random classes for the year, maybe study abroad; live in apartment away from my family.
Most of it will be paid by my scholarship, but I will have to pay some too; the payments alone will knock out whatever savings I have. I would most likely switch to computer programming, since I thought my intro to CompSci class was interesting. But I will surely be in debt.

But then what even happens there?
I get a job as a programmer somehow, and have to deal with the office politics that made my dad miserable?How would I even get to work when I don't even know how to drive at age 20?

Career-wise aside, what about the people in my life? 
I realized I don't have anyone who really knows who I am. I can't trust people, I can't show people who I am. I always have a shield up. I'm just that smiling individual that everyone knows of and has a good opinion of, but never in a tightknit group.
I think about my friends who I admire, and I think about what will happen when I graduate? I lose contact with them? I'm graduating early, and I'm leaving them behind. And when I leave college, I'm leaving behind everything I was comfortable with. I'm good at "being" a student, but why did I prioritize it so much? My ability to memorize information, my test-taking skills...what good will that even do in the real world? I"m a one trick pony.

 I have these images passing through my head where I'm at the bank and a robber shoots me, or we get in a car crash and I die. I just don't see a path that ends with me being happy. I turn 21 soon, and they say that is supposed to be your most exciting birthday. I just don't get it. I was never one of the typical college students - didn't go to parties, didn't drink alcohol/drugs. I thought I was being rational. 

I thought going by the book, graduating highschool, graduating college, being logical and not falling for bad influences..






It did nothing for me. 

