Don't want cause traumasHello, I'm 15 years old girl from Finland, I'm posting here for first time.
That's my story.
It started from 2013, when unknown stranger sent me friend request on facebook, I didn't know it's going to change my life so much...we used to chat sometimes, years changed, we shared numbers to chat and call in whatsapp. Day by day we texted more and more. I fall blindly in love to him, even tho he had his own gf in his country. I got very depressed and anxious, I weren't able to go school etc. so I've missed 8-9 class. Even before I've been anxious of going school but it got worse.
Over year ago, when he broke up with his gf I told about my feelings to him. He accepted to be with me in long distance relationship. (I have never met him even, he lives 7000km away from me and due my age I have no change to go and meet him, he is already +20 but he wont come meet me "because of his studies").
We used to text each other daily 2-5 hours, he told he loved me so much he wouldn't be able to live without me, but also he started to force me to do strange shit things, he said he can't be with me if I don't born baby for him, if I don't marry him, like that...he told it's cause of his culture (hes from Tripura)
Then I decided break up with him, I felt so hurt. After sometime he came beg me to be with him, he told I don't need to born baby, I don't need to marry. So this shit continues...
We used to fight for several things and I become more and more anxious and depressed, I've now totally stopped going to school I really can't do anything anymore. I've always been worried will I even have money to go and meet him, I am really poor and I will never get job! I have no future. Yesterday, I blocked him everywhere, I'm never enough for him, he just fakes me, he hate me really I know, I'm so poor kid!!!
And now I just want to die, but I have 10 years old littlebro and I don't know how will be his condition if I kill myself... 
That's what stops me, otherwise I've already had escape from this  hell. Fuck this sounds so stupid and probably none of you can understand. 
Would it cause less traumas for my brother if I started to act rude and make him to hate me first..? 
Then I would be free to kill myself? 
