Please help I don't want to live anymoreI want to give up. Everyday I feel like a disappointment. My father treats me like crap, well whenever I'm around him. I never leave my room. He also told me once in the car when my mother and all of my siblings where there that he doesn't want me around. I know he doesn't want me here. My mother treats me like I'm her enemy. She will also treat me like I'm a disappointment just like my father does. I honestly don't remember the last time we ever had a loving, fun, and happy moment together. I don't think it will ever happen. My father never said he loved me, only in texts he did but never in real life. My mother said she loved me but never meant it. I've had friends in real life but I soon got homeschooled because people where talking about me behind my backs and the school pretty much sucked. The only person I could trust was my best friend, Maylee. But I stopped seeing her after I got homeschooled. I pretty much stopped being social. I talked to people I only knew on the Internet though. But I soon quit after I got catfished, lied to, and other personal reasons. Then I was and still am completely not social to anyone. I mean I only knew my family but I'm always in my room just alone. No one to talk to. No friends. My grandma gets a little mad at me because of that and she gets mad at my brother too. My older brother is pretty much just like me and doing the same things but he lives with my grandparents. So basically I'm a disappointment, I'm alone, I'm hated, I'm hurt due to personal reasons and I'm someone that no one needs in there life. I really don't see why I should be here. I never been called special. Every day no one tells me they love me, that I matter, that I'm someone they need. No one tells me to keep going and never give up except for my family that lives states away. I never saw them but some people tell me they love me and I shouldn't give up and that they believe in me. It makes me happy but then everyday something bad happens. Christianity and my future is probably the only things keeping me alive right now. I was going to hang myself today but I wanted to get help. I just want to know I'm loved, that I'm special, and that this world needs me. But I think I have no reason to be in this world because no one needs or wants me. I think I might actually just do it this week. Please help.