I think I need help, but I have too much anxiety to get helpSo I have some type of problem. I'm not sure what it is or why I have it, I've even been to a lot of mental health forums over the years and I have never read of a single over person having a remotely similar problem. So here it is, I have really bad anxiety, but there's only one specific trigger for it. I can talk to people outside of my family with no issue about whatever I want, and I like socializing with them. I can talk to my parents fine for the most part. But if I talk to my parents about me socializing, I have a complete anxiety attack and freeze up. 

Let me give you an example, I was talking to my dad yesterday about a new movie that came out, we were talking fine without any problem, then all of a sudden my dad says "So did the people you know at your job like the movie?", my dad was talking about my social life, so my heart starts pounding and I tell him I have to get out of the room by telling him I'm going to the bathroom. Another time I was talking to somebody at the place I work at, then all of a sudden both my parents walk in and see me talking to somebody, my heart starts pounding and I can't think straight, I get out of there as quickly as possible by hiding in the bathroom at my job, and I literally start sweating and huffing in their for a minute. Another time I was going shopping with my dad, when I saw somebody I used to work with at the entrance of the store, he said hi to me, but since my dad was with me, I completely ignored him and got out of that area of the store as fast possible while trying to calm myself down. Again, if I was alone without my dad being there I would have been able to say hi to that guy without problem, but me being near my dad just triggers the anxiety.

Both my parents want me to get friends but they've mostly given up on me by now. Occasionally they ask me about why I don't have any friends, and I can never answer them without trying to change the topic or freezing up. I want to get help for this, but I don't know how. Explaining what's wrong with me to them triggers my anxiety, because even letting my parents know that I want to socialize gives me a severe attack, so I can't get myself to do it. I could go to a doctor, but then the same thing would happen, I'd get anxiety and freeze up.

Here's the sad part, I turn 21 years old in less than a week and I have absolutely no friends outside of my job and never leave my house besides going to my job. I want to socialize and have a normal life, but I just can't. I want to move out kind of but I don't have enough money. Hell, I've even looked for advice on other mental health forums over the past few years, and I never do anything about it because I'm too scared of my anxiety. I keep on getting invited to do things with my friends at work, and I have to say no because if my parents knew I was socializing I'd get extremely bad anxiety. I seriously don't know what to do.

And now here's the suicidewatch part coming in, I've been thinking about killing myself because of this. I'm so fucking bored sitting at home all the time not being able to do anything besides play video games. I want to go have a life, but I can't. I hate my life. I can't think of any way out of this. Somebody in the comments is going to give me some great advice, and I won't be able to do anything with it. I don't know if I emphasized this enough yet, but the anxiety I get is BAD. Any advice I get I'll probably just pussy out on. Is there ANYWAY I can get help without my parents finding out? I can't live like this anymore.