Hey fellow Redditors, I'm feeling super down for some reason. Details belowI posted an IAmA a couple of days ago about being 17 with my substance abuse problem. I'm slowly waning myself off of them. I haven't really been craving coke or alcohol and I'm feeling good and I never really though of it as an addiction. I would stop months at a time but when I did it I did th in excess I don't know. 
I've been wrestling with depression for 2 years since my sophomore year in high school. I've attempted twice and failed both times. I just get in these spouts were I just think about how pointless things are and how bored I am and how sometimes I just want something spectacular to happen but I know it won't and seeing a point to go on gets hard. I think I'm mostly depressed is because my mom this morning basically told me I just needed to "snap" out of it and bring god into my life because that's why I'm so sad and that I bring this on myself for surrounding myself with "bad spirits" and how I'm not really depressed. I've battled self harm and I fucked up and gave in and sliced my upper arm up pretty bad and now I feel like I can't stop. I'll just sit and cut until I can't feel anything. 
Growing up, I felt really ignored because my mom was always busy with my older brother and his mistakes that I went unnoticed and my dad wasn't in my life a lot. And I realized the more I achieve the more attention I'd get so I tried to be perfect at everything and started abusing coke to help me stay up at night and do weeks of homework in a small amount of time. I clearly remember getting a B on a paper and just feeling worthless and sitting in my room and slicing into my arm for 2 hours. 
It's not like I'm some loner or anything but I just feel like all of my friendships and relationships are so fucking shallow and how no one really knows me and I just feel really alone. 
I fucking hate talking about this because I'm a guy and self harm has always been categorized as being a girly thing so I just feel embarrassed. 
I feel like if I killed myself everyone would be shocked because I don't show it and I'm so happy but it's all a facade. I feel like I'm wearing masks because inside I don't know how I feel just numb and empty

Sorry for babbling, I just need someone to talk too. Distract me from cutting tonight. Maybe a guy who's dealt with self harm? It doesn't matter though just need a distraction. You can ask me anything. 