After this there is nothing more to sayMy name is Nicole.  It's so weird revealing that even though it's such a trivial detail.  But, I want this to be personal. It took me about 10 minutes to think of a title and 5 more minutes to think of the first line to write.  
It's so funny that it's 8: 30am where I am and for hours I've been thinking of everything I want to get off my chest,  but now I don't even know how to title my little manifesto. 
I'm sorry if this is inappropriate for this sub but I sat on hold with Suicide Prevention for 30 minutes and gave up.  I'm not going to lie and say this isn't meant to be seen by anyone, but I'm here because the thought that one person may skim even a few lines of something I created brings me a little comfort.  Human compassion is all I've ever wanted.  
So I'm just going to reveal my shit and leave.  
I am engaged to a woman. I've openly been a lesbian since I was 13. My father died when I was 16. I have ADD, clinical depression,  PCOS,  and asthma.  Not a fun combination.  
I have a big long story about myself and the absolute doll of my life in my post history so I won't say too much about her.  But I have to include her in this because she is the only light in my life.  It's absolutely unfair she got fell in love with someone like me.  She's hilarious, adventurous,  and compassionate.  She taught me how to be "somewhat" responsible and was the only person who took care of me when my mother kicked me out after my father died.  Shes delt with me not being able to keep a job,  losing my insurance and quitting therapy,  my chronic pain,  and my inability to focus on anything we do together for years.  
I try like hell I swear.  I've put myself together and held the pieces together and maintained jobs for months.  Supported her when she lost her job,  and have sat for hours doing her favorite hobbies with her.  She's kept me up having sex until 6am and then I've stumbled into work at 7. I was in college,  but quit my second year. 

I know this is long but I swear it has a point.  I HAVE to get this out or I think I'm going to explode. 
Sometimes I am okay. When the lows are low I know that I'll get myself back on top.  But today is different. 
My family doesn't speak to me.  (Because you know the whole gay thing.) We live in one of the most homophobic states possible.  And I am all alone other than her. I am $30, 000 in debt (some from college but the rest from a ridiculous story about my mother) working minimum wage. 
I had a good job until last month.  I was making $15 an hour and was trying to pay back all this debt so I had my accounts set to auto pay.  Well I completely forgot about it and my $350 paycheck from my new job is now a $50 paycheck. My car insurance is due next week and it is $150. We have no money for food.  
I haven't slept and she's going to be awake soon and I have no idea how to tell her.  Her entire paycheck goes to rent, gas for the car,  etc.  I pay for food,  utilities,  phone bill and car insurance. 

Her family no longer speaks to her because of me.  They liked me when I was just her "friend" that needed a home but when they knew we were together that ended.  They've told her numorous times that if she left me they would take her back.  I would know she was fed and taken care of.  She wouldn't have all my stress on her shoulders.  I wouldn't keep being an absolute disgrace.  
Our moto has always been the cliché "us against the world" But I think that maybe that was just me knowing that her world would have been better had I not shown up.  I pulled her down into mine.  
I started this out saying I wasnt going to say much about her but somehow it all ended up revolving around her. That actually made me smile. I don't know what I'm doing or what my intent is with this,  but it feels good to get it out.  