OK so I've come to just accept this is how it is.I'm a drug addict who suffers with bipolar. I'm a hard-core substance abuser. I clear my drug debts and then I rack them straight back up. I have nothing, but a shitty finance car. I have no job. My mother does drugs with me and she ends up paying all my drug debts. Then her boyfriend comes on the weekend and he pays for all the drugs, the cycle never ends. Then I'm ticking/borrowing drugs and racking up debts. When I'm sober, my bipolar is out of control. The mania is insane. I'm on fluoxetine. I'm not professionally diagnosed, I've waiting for the psychiatric to diagnosis me. Self diagnosing is not good. But the doctor even says I am and has booked the referral. But because of the fluoxetine, I'm getting extremely manic. My eyes get so dilated. Like today, I had to get rid of my cat, because it kept shitting in my room. Which it never use to do. I took it to a rescue place. I was so manic. I was singing to my cat. Driving without a care. Then when I said my goodbyes. I put some music on and start doing manic rapping like a completely unhinged person. Then I got home, listened to podcasts. WAS ABSOLUTELY MISERABLE. The manic was gone. I was lying face down on my bed. Listening to the Magnus Archives. Then I speak to my mom and I get drugs. We do them. I'm in and out driving back and forth to my dealer. Getting drugs, doing them in the kitchen. Driving coked off my head back and forth. Now I'm sitting here typing this. My mom is paying one of my dealers debts off this Friday coming. I feel like such a shit person, I'm wrecking mine and my mothers life. She is a addict and so am I. I take my little brother to school and I'm not the nicest of people. He suffers with autism and adhd and I lose my temper, to the point I have to make him sit in the backseat and I have to wear eardefenders because he touches everything and says all things to make me tick. It's just a endless cycle. It all went down south ever since I met cocaine and lost my job because I got drug tested. Ever since that I'm just a miserable piece of shit. I'm 24 years old, receding hairline i weigh 220 pounds because I constantly binge eat. I'm a shell of a person and if I did have the courage to kill myself. I would of definitely done it by now and you wouldn't be reading this. I've tried walking through parks, abandoned exploration, seeing sights, I recently got a dog. Soon I plan to take her for walks, when she's old enough. (She's a puppy.) All my family know I'm a unhinged bomb which could explode any minute. My mom does everything for me, I could atleast treat her better. But mental health runs through my family. It's like nothing gets through to each and one of us. I have a auntie who is a narc and I use to live with my aunt and grandmother, she forced me to get credit cards and I don't even live with her now. I live with my mom. She uses my credit cards. I've never used the fucking card once. She's brought sofas and fucking god knows what else. But she does pay it off. But that's not the point. I had a argument with her the other day saying I want the cards payed and you to fuck off out my life. My auntie took everything off her mom. Her home. Everything she ever worked for. But that's another story.

I think about just slicing my arm sometimes, deeply just not thinking about it and just thrushing it straight through. I'll probably call the ambulance because then I would realise I don't want to die. But these thoughts come and go. Sometimes I just want to yank my steering wheel into a lamppost. Not another driver that would be selfish. But the lamppost can be fixed surely. Sometimes I just want to go to a store where you buy all materials, doors and kitchen appliances. Just buy a rope and Google how to make a slipknot, buy a bottle of vodka, take all my antidepressants. Obviously before setting up the rope. Once I've taken all them tabs, down that vodka furiously. I know I'm going to die then. So just fucking jump on that rope and end this nightmare. 

That paragraph are my constant thoughts. I've self harmed before. But never majorly. I headbutted a glass panel through before. That was probably the worst thing I done. I drank a whole bottle of bacardi. Boosh! Head through this glass panel. Ear hanging off and head split open. Glass in my head. I even rung a fucking taxi. You should of seen the taxi drivers reaction. Like me casually asking him to take me to the hospital. I pay him the fair. Arrive at the hospital. Blood dripping all down me. I don't even have to book myself in, or sit down and wait. (This was near beginning corona). The nurse took me straight in. I was highly intoxicated and was sarcastically making jokes about what happened. I said someone bottled me because I didn't want to admit I done such a thing. They stitched me up, I have a scar now I'm just forehead and my hair is usually shaved. So it's noticeable. I got sent home. I had no money I paid a random guy to take me home. Got home. Took off my bandage and popped open a beer. 

This is all purely venting, I clearly don't want to die. But I feel like I'm slowly reaching the inevitably of actually doing what my mind is telling me to do. 

My life is like the lyrics of Hotel California.

You can book yourself out but you can never leave.