Here's my noteWish me better days as I escape this fate. I'm weak you all knew never been strong. I'm just a stupid person with unachievable dreams. This is the reason I can never live in peace. I feel as though I have no one left to tell this to. So let me sit alone quietly I moan for something I have never owned. A lot of I's in this it was always about me. To the ones I have talked to recently. I mean in the past week I love you all dearly. To the fake motherfuckers and the only one I've loved I bet you'll be glad to hear this stupid fuck is gone. Or maybe just give a shrug never giving a fuck. The ones I thought I was so close to all of that is gone. I thought I was coming back to the place that I belong. I never did see you again only a brief moment you said we should catch up then repeatedly blew me over. Whom I thought was my closest friend I guess we all can move on you have taught me this is true. I'm a creep and a weirdo but you already knew. I wish that I could go back to California at least then I could dream of days of moving back here and not living this sad reality. But those are just false and lifeless dreams. I can't carry on I've lost all self control I feel so fucking lifeless already lost my soul. But seriously fuck you telling me you loved me over the phone. Making me say that shit back to you then throwing me of your road. Never wanting to see me again like I'm some fucking freak. Well guess what I'm gone now. Although you screwed me over from the day I helped you move and when it was your turn you left me for that dude. I've always been a sucker. I wish I could move on you're really not that great. That's kinda the reason I'm writing this Im dissapointed in myself. My brother thinks I'm a loser and he isn't fucking wrong. My sister mom and dad know I have something wrong with my head. Bell I love you Ken you too. Rick Steve and Jose long lived love to all three of you. Max Kev and Cam you guys have been cool with me. Carl and Chase wish you the best. I love you mom your the fucking best. I love you dad you're the fucking best. I'm sorry I had to do this but I never felt this way so lost so alone so fucking out of place. Derrick and Linda you guys are fucking awesome almost forgot to say that. Because if I didn't say your name then fuck you. You're the ones that made me feel as though I belonged. Fuck you for never messaging me once to see if I was ok. I guess I was wrong to think that you were my friends. Just so you could hang me up and never talk to me again. I know that Im a freak a lonely brainless geek. I was weak for your love and you took that all away. Now I feel abandoned lonely and so cold. So one last fuck you as I vanish to this poem.