Needing some support.My depression got to a very low point last week. Over the past two weeks my mental health has been absolutely terrible for so many different reasons. 

I was up pulling so many all-nighters for projects that still didn't feel good enough when I turned them in. Because I was getting little to no sleep, my roommate got very upset with me for discussing my suicidal thoughts, and for me just being snappier than usual. I know I couldn't excuse that behavior and I admit I was being sassier/snappier than I needed to be, but I was also having a terrible week, which she knew. I was either too quiet, or I was too angry. And when she and my friend wanted to go out places and I wanted to catch up on sleep, I was being rude and negligent. 

The past week I ran into a lot of ex friends I had last semester, and they know about my depression. I was an emotional punching bag to these people and I decided to end the friendships. I tried to keep it very friendly, but seeing them hurt me so bad knowing all of the history that had been there. It contributed to a lot of my thoughts about how no one would miss me. I'm not on bad terms with them, I'm just not on great terms with them either. It just felt very strange and I felt panicked running into those ex-friends. 

I haven't been reaching out to friends/family and they have been taking the lack of communication very personally, yet when I express I'm not doing well, they don't want to hear about it. I can't seem to win, so a lot of the time I just keep it all down. 

The point is the past week was awful, and suicidal thoughts began creeping back into my mind. I really don't want to get to a point like that ever again. It was a never-ending battle between constant panic attacks and sensory overload episodes that ended with me crying and shaking on the floor from the smallest noises, trying to hide my sobbing from my roommate, ect. to attempting to plan a date for my own suicide. It took me so much to not re-start cutting myself because I had promised my crush/friend I would stop. I never ever want to get to that point ever again. 

If you could, I could really use some positive words for this week and the upcoming weeks. I have been through so much emotional pain this past week and I am recovering from it. I just need some prayers and assurance that things will be okay this week. I'm so nervous I am on the verge of another regression. Please tell me it is all going to be okay.