How do I go from here?Excuse the mess this post will become. Right now my emotions are fucking everywhere, going from crying, punching everything, laughing at how fucking stupid I am being all the way to slicing my knees to bits with a small blade.

I'm not sure why, what started this or why it's got worse. I just can't seem to dea lwith anything. I finally got the courage to phone my brother on xmas day in tears, he has dealt with shit like this before himself. He dragged me to the doctors and all they cared about was putting me on tablets. I tried it, they doubled my dosage... then they never gave me more tablets. 

I don't know what to do, I can't stop crying at random times. I feel so stupid for it, there is nothing to cause it. It got bad enough that I couldn't go into work one day, and I never went back. I got fired for not turning up. I've sold everything of value just to keep a roof over my head, but I have nothing left. Nothing in my head is making sense. 

I go through periods where if I focus on something, I can make it a few hours without anything, but if ANYTHING happens negativly, the longer I left it the worse it gets. I've recently started cutting into my knees deeply, then punching my legs hard enough to squirt the blood out. Noone knows about this. 

I live "alone", well I rent a room in a house, with an elderly lady, and a middle aged man. I hardly see either of them and I prefer it that way. I hate going outside nowadays. People annoy me, and I shake a lot when I do push myself to head down the shops. It's got to the point where my phone charger broke, and I'm glad. Glad because I no longer have to use my phone. I can't be called about anything. 

I know it's stupid, I know it's causing me more problems. The police kept trying to ring me because yet again I fucked up, and was caught speeding on my motorbike. I have a court fine to pay, but I've ignored it. I now can no longer pay it either. This is not a plea for money, I want help not charity. I had to sell my bike to pay off rental arrears. Since selling it I've started thinking how easy it would of been to ride at 100+ into a truck or something.

I'm sitting here typing this crap, tears pouring away, and I just keep looking at the blade wishing I had the fucking guts. I can only do superficial shit before I puss out. Can't even end it properly huh?

I hardly eat, I've started to enioy the stomach pains. I love food don't get me wrong, but if I don't eat it doesn't cost me, and I don't need to head outside. I'm not fat, or skinny. It just helps not to eat right now. I've stopped doing pretty much everything. I play the PC a lot, because I find it helps take my mind off of things. otherwise I sleep all night and day. I literally spend 80% of my time either in bed crying or asleep. And there is no fucking reason for it.

I've got noone to turn to, noone understands what I'm going through cause not even I do. I'm single, alone, Mothers dead, wish my father was dead and if I ever see him he will be( I was born as the result of a gang rape, where my "father" forced the other 19 guys to wear a condom, while he did not). I have my aunt, but she does not understand this at all. After xmas and my brother taking me to the docs for tablets, she kept telling me to just cheer up and do things... I fucking can't just do that. I wish I could, I wish there was some magic pill or thought I could have.. 

I'm finding negativity in everything these days. For example I found an old pair of really good headphones, thought I might enjoy some music.. but after an hour of fairly quiet use the left speaker blew causing me a fair bit of pain in my ear. Ironic right, complaining about pain? 

I'm so tired of this. I'm stressed out to fuck, doing nothing about it because the stress has caused some shit in my brain to not work. I was on tablets, but had to stop them instantly, I ran out, I finally got the balls to go to the doctors for some more on the last day of having any, and got told they couldn't get another prescription for me for 2 days. Bullshit, just sign the fucking paper and let me have the SAME tablets I had last time. But no stupid woman behind the desk would not let me see a doctor as it wasn't an emergency. It was. To me...  I keep sweating majorly, shaking like mad uncontrolled, crying for no reason. I don't see anything changing, I have things piling up around me and deadlines coming up and passing and nothing is happening or changing and I'm going to run out of time. I just can't take this anymore. 