Stuck in a 5 year rutI'm really typing this to get some advice, I'm desperate for it. The post is going to be quite lengthy and sporadic as I feel there's a lot to say so I do apologise in advance. 

I'm currently about to enter my second year of university and I've suffered with depression for about 5 years, with it only being diagnosed professionally within the past month or so. I also suffer from severe social anxiety which has caused me to end up leaving my 2 part time jobs I've had over the summer within a week of each other. This doesn't help with what I'm guessing is an inferiority complex of some kind as I never really feel good enough for anything, be it people, achievements or whatever. For example, I nearly failed my GCSE's and I'm now at a top 20 university and recently got a high 2:1 in my first year but it means absolutely nothing to me, like at all. My girlfriend who I thought the absolute world of left me 2 weeks into the summer holidays, saying she didn't have time for a relationship back home which is fair, however this came after reassuring me nothing bad would happen over the summer holidays the day before we left to go home. I understand situations change but it took me 3 years to build up the courage to be with someone again in a romantic way after my psychologically abusive and physically abusive ex, and it's ended so abruptly when I most needed someone to be close to. 

I don't feel happy in my own skin. I feel fat, ugly, not good enough to be around my friends let alone in a romantic way anymore. 
I get bored with anything within a few minutes of starting it, be it listening to music, playing video games or watching tv, I question the pointlessness of it all. I watched a nature documentary and thought about the pointlessness of human life when at the end of the day we're just animals ourselves, we all die and it means little to nothing. 

I have issues with money, not that I don't have any, more I have a fear of spending it which prevents me from properly enjoying myself as I always think of the future consequences it could hold if I spend this or that. 

I feel so alone, so desperately alone. I try to speak to my mum but she's not very understanding, at my age and throughout her life she's always had the world at her feet, she's always been popular, went out clubbing all the time, had boyfriends etc so there's not much relatable ground there.

I'm aware the above doesn't sound like grounds to want to kill myself, however it's been such a long time since I've felt genuine carefree happiness and it's really ruining my life. I know at times I'm trying to get people's attention to help me and that's pathetic, I've begged my friends to let me kill myself without them feeling guilty, this is despite me knowing what it can do to someone as my own best friend did the same thing 4 years ago and sadly passed away. I think that kinda puts it into perspective, I want to die so much despite knowing the repercussions it can have on other people.
I feel like it's an inevitability that I'm going to do it at some point, and most likely soon, I've tried twice in the past albeit fairly discretely and perhaps that was more of a cry for help, however now I genuinely want to go and I need help. 