I'm alienating all my friends &amp; thinking about killing myselfMe: 22 years old, living in Canada, transgendered woman (pre-transition, still living as male), dealing with social anxiety disorder and depression. Spent a year in therapy from January to December 2010, been on 75 mg of Effexor XR since June 2010. Slowly making all of my friends hate me and thinking I might be better off dead.

My friends have been going through some tough times lately. So have I, but I've been putting that aside to try to help them.

I can't do it anymore. A friend of mine was dumped by her boyfriend last Thursday night, and a few of us spent most of the weekend staying at her place to help her through it. This was during a period of time in which I was feeling really awful about myself, and really unlikeable.

I tried to push that aside, but on Friday night I snapped. I sat there for the rest of the night, essentially comatose while someone helped my friend through a panic attack. I eventually fell asleep. I woke up and I spent most of the day in the same state. I texted the friend who was just dumped (the only person I felt I could talk to at the time, who was in the same room as me) and vented some frustration about the idiosyncracies about some of the people in the room that were really, really getting to me in my fucked up state. Eventually, we went off to the side and talked for a bit, and then I went home to recuperate.

Turns out one of her friends went through her text messages today and told everyone what I said. Now they all hate me, and I talked to her about what happened. I asked if we were okay, and she said she wasn't sure and that I've been putting too much pressure on her and she needs time to think.

So. I'm alienating and losing all of my friends. I feel like I'm doing everything wrong, and while I've been having recurring thoughts of suicide for a while now, they've never been more intense than at this moment. If they get much worse, I'm going to go to the hospital because otherwise I might throw myself on to the subway tracks when the train is coming.

What am I going to do, SW?