I'm torn into pieces.  I don't want to do this anymore.I'm 18(f), almost 19 in 2 months.  And I don't want to do this anymore.  I can't take it anymore and I'm tired of crying every day.  I'm trying to be strong but I'm slowly breaking down.  

I'm diagnosed with depression and anxiety and every day is a struggle to get by.  A year ago, things weren't so bad.  I had a boyfriend.  I considered him my only true friend.  He was also my first love, first everything.  I made him my life, and he has just left me with a deep cut to the heart.  He used to be kind and caring, but things changed.  

I was failing university because of my severe anxiety problems and would often have anxiety attacks.  He would call me crazy, out of control and a burden.  I felt worthless.  But I stayed because I loved him and I considered him my friend.  I gave him everything I could only to have him rip my heart out by cheating on me.  I will never forget the words he said to me when we broke up (which was only two months ago) "You are worthless and useless.  You are a burden to my life and you deserved to be hurt.  You deserved to be cheated on.  I can do whatever I want because I am justified in doing anything."  It stung and those words have never left my mind at all.  I gave him everything and he took all of it.  Now I'm left with nothing.  

The worst part of all of this is that I found out I was pregnant during the week we broke up.  I told him and he told me to get an abortion myself.  I felt so worthless and I felt broken.  I did end up getting the abortion because I couldn't deal with it.  I couldn't deal with it along with the depression and anxiety.  It was a selfish decision and I hate myself so much for having the abortion.  I just gave up.  I couldn't do it anymore. 

I have only told one friend about all of this but I feel they never understand me no matter how hard they try to.  I have never told my parents either because they are extremely conservative and I'm scared of how they will react.  I just feel so alone.  He was supposed to be my true friend.  He wasn't supposed to betray my like that.  I'm angry at him but at the same time I'm more angry at myself for being so worthless.    

I feel so hurt every day.  I can't go on.  I just want everything to end.    I feel like I can't do anything right.  A lot of the times I just sit in the tub with a knife to my wrists.  But I try to stay strong and I will always convince myself to stop.  But things are getting worse every day.  Sometimes I go out at night just for a reckless drive.  Maybe I'll be lucky enough to get into an accident.  I just don't want to do this anymore.  I don't want to deal with all of this anymore.  I don't know if I can even go on.  Everything looks bleak to me and I'm scared to go on with life.  I'm weak, pathetic, and worthless.  And I'm writing here because I need help.  Thank you.  