I don't really want to die, but...So folks are saying I should post here...

Long story short: 38, single, female. I own a condo, work as a contractor, &amp; I have no health insurance. I rent a studio downtown (in a major city) where I am supposed to work on art, this is my second job. I paint portraits, do digital prints. People like my work but I've found it difficult to turn it into a full time job be because I need a steady income. I've tried before &amp; haven't been able to survive for more than a few months. I feel like a failure. 

My social life has gone to shit. Nobody calls, and I hardly get texted. Because of my various jobs I know a lot of people. When I go out I almost always run into someone I know, but most people I am not close to. Those that I do count as close friends are busy with their own work or family, and as time goes on I find those interactions to be more and more superficial. People say they love and care but I don't see them as a presence in my life. I was camping at a festival last year and was having a meltdown because here I am surrounded by all these people and here I am isolated. This old hippy dude came up to me concerned, and tried to get me to have a good cry and let it out. I find letting go to be extremely difficult, do I couldn't. He wanted to be sure I had someone to talk to, to vent and unload with. I realized then I don't have anyone. 

The people I know don't have any interest in hearing about my sads. They want me funny, or to tell them stories about the fun/weird stuff than sometimes happens to me.  I can see them squirm if I bring up the unpleasant emotions. Some all but run the fuck away (I can't tell you how terrible that makes me feel). It's like they are all fair weather. It's not that they don't care, but the attitude seems to be that I should handle my darker moments alone. 

I've been in a raging depression for months now (I've had problems with this on and off since I was a child. Yeah diagnosed with acute depression at 7). suicidal thoughts are becoming more prevalent. I've been debating killing myself when I hit 40 if I am not able to turn things around &amp; create some more intimate relationships again (not necessarily sexual, although that would be nice). I can't stand the isolation. It's driving me to extremely dark places. When I try to reach out I often don't get a hold of people, or if I do I get blown off. I feel like this must be my fault because I am the common denominator in all of this. 

I don't really want to die, the world is an amazing place after all. However I'm in a lot of pain that seems to have no end. If I'm going to be alone like this for the rest of my life, then I would rather that life be short. I feel like I've tried nearly everything, and I'm not going to off myself anytime extremely soon, I'm acutely aware of how devastating it is to those left behind. I have to wonder, if my suicide can that painful then where are those people now while I'm here? 

And btw nobody knows I'm in this much trouble. Not sure how to even have that conversation.... 