Has anyone experienced this?I don’t have any memory of this because of my age and probably my mind, but there’s evidence it happened like a court case etc so it’s real. I was sexually assaulted as a child. 

The thought that I was hurt in this way as a child definitely hurt me. I found this information out at a young age too, so not good. I never really faced the truth of accepting this as something that happened to me and never really talked to anyone about how it made me feel. I lived my life in this anxiety/depressed ridden bubble, also had a couple of traumatic things happen since but not near as bad. As young as elementary school I can remember wanting to die and being in so much pain internally but not knowing why. I tried once, but got scared when I realized there’s no going back. I’ll spare details. 

I always felt like I just wanted to be done with and end it. Well 20+ years later I finally seeked professional help for my anxiety and depression. I wanted to tell my therapist about this thing that happened to me in my life that I have no recollection of. Well the day before this specific session I had my first panic attack that I at least can recall. 

I was going to tell my bf about what I wanted to talk to my therapist about, the sexual assault. I immediately fell into the attack and completely disassociated. I felt like I had no control over what I was saying or thinking and I remember telling my bf some disturbing things that were very detailed but it all felt like a dream. In this state, I remember either thinking or saying (I can’t tell you which my thoughts felt LOUD) the only way out of this dream is to kill myself and then thinking or saying how I didn’t want to because I was happy now and of course crying hysterically. 

My bf put me to bed and I woke up to him looking at me very worried. I couldn’t remember a lot and it all felt like a dream. He wouldn’t disclose details to me about what I said and I didn’t press because I vaguely could recall some of it and it was awful. I could tell whatever I said really hurt him because he was on the verge of tears. 

My therapist couldn’t give me details as to what my brain did or what that even was. I’m curious if anyone has ever experienced this or have an idea what happened? 

Now, I’m doing much better and have learned to manage my anxiety and depression.