Heavily considering suicide, as it would probably benefit me and those around me as well.OK, this is gonna be a fairly long post full of venting/ranting so I'm sorry if you feel like I'm wasting your time. Depending on the length I may add a tl;dr at the end.  

To begin, here is some brief back story:  

I'm 20 years old, turning 21 in mid-June. I was born to teenage parents who split when I was very young (3~ish). My father is the one who took custody of me, so I haven't met my birth mother since she left us. He eventually overcame the depression that followed after meeting my current step-mother (who I consider to be my actual mother) and her two daughters. We then became a family of 5, which expanded to 6 in 2008 with the addition of my youngest brother (who is the only biological child between the two if you exclude the daughter that my parents had to give up for adoption in 2001). My father worked hard hours as a welder to support all of us (a fact that he has used to guilt-trip me before), and has forced us to move on many different occasions over the years.  

Due to the constant moving and relative family instability in my early life, I developed Social Anxiety Disorder throughout elementary, middle school and high school. It was hard for me to make friends and even if I did, those friendships dissolved after I moved. The only time I felt truly accepted socially was in my Freshman year, when I had tons of friends and I actually managed to crawl out of my shell. But when I was forced to move again, I essentially gave up on making friends, as they would just be stripped away when I was inevitably forced to move again.  

As for my relationship life, that is virtually non-existent. I have never had a girlfriend or been involved intimately with anyone. I have tried in the past and have been rejected/shunned by every girl that I try to ask out. The one that broke me and sparked a depression that I'm still in today happened in my Junior year when I asked out my best friend at the time. She and her brother were my only real friends at that point, but once I attempted to start a relationship with her, she rejected me, stating that she wasn't ready for a relationship (Which was bullshit since she got with some other jackass not even a month later.) Her brother claimed that it was because she didn't want to ruin the friendships, but that too was bullshit considering she stopped talking to me after she got with the other dude.  

Then I cut them both off after I moved again and finished my Senior year at a new school, completely broken and alone. I managed to get into a college on the opposite side of the state from my hometown (which is where the drama with that girl happened), but was only able to afford going using Student Loans.  

And that brings me to the present, and why I'm posting here. After two years of college, I have flunked out due to my depression overwhelming me and consuming me. I am completely alone after my parents essentially disowned me after finding out they have to pay over $20,000 in PLUS loans because I failed school, not to mention I have $10,000 in loans to my name. At this point, I'm on the verge of being homeless because I cannot find a job (trust me I've been trying for a while now) and even if I did have one, I would never be able to afford to pay back the money working a minimum wage job.  

But if I was to die, (my loans being federal not private), my family (which I oddly still care about somewhat) would be able to death discharge the loans and not have to worry about them.  

So my plan at the moment is to wait until I turn 21 (June 12th), to buy alcohol (which should enhance my depression to give me the stomach to go through with it), then hang myself once I am drunk out of my mind.  

To be honest, all I've ever wanted out of life was to find love, but at this point, that's not really possible.


Anyway, TL;DR:

Have Social Anxiety Disorder, depression. Flunked out of college with $30,000 in loans that would go away with suicide.
