I completely ruined my mental health and self-esteemMom died young. Dad abused me and killed himself 7 year later. After that I started to live way too carefree. Eat whatever. Smoking joints and cigarettes all day. Zero regard for health. Quit 1.5 years ago at 27 years old. 

After that the 'real me' came to the surface again. I was like fuuuuuuuuck what I did can EASILY kill me. Started working out all the time, eat extremely healthy and so on. 

I also feel extremely depressed though. Should have always lived as focused and disclipined as I'm doing now. I became extremely panicky and wanted reassurance from everyone around me.

At one point I decided to contact my ex. She hates my guts and I said all the wrong (negative) things. She blocked me and my irrational brain didn't want her to leave out of my life forever. I always looked up to her... She was a bit like my second mom because she was 8 years older.

I explained my depression and she didn't want to understand me AT ALL. My goal was having a serious conversation. Her goal was to end the conversation. She blocked me like 5 times, but it's on instagram dm and making new accounts is so easy that I didn't even think about what I was doing. I tried to explain myself more and more, but she just used everything against me. In the end she destroyed me completely. 

She wrote such a fucked up message that I completely lost my mind for MONTHS. So many insults and also things like 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... I was fucking sad, filled with self-hatred, suicidal, suffering from obsessive thinking and that's why it hit me way too hard.

So... after that I just couldn't take it. I had so much pain of that message that I kept begging her via instagram dm constantly like.... 'Please talk this out, I have those words constantly slamming me down... This is a crucial point in my life. I need positivity instead of negativity. Let me explain myself.' 

She never replied though and all I could hear while I was at work or doing whatever was those insults. I would often write messages and delete them again a few hours later. She would block me a couple of times. Most of it was just me screaming at a wall out of frustration because I couldn't get rid of those insults and afterwards deleting those messages again. I'm sure I must have been a heavy nuisance. 

I also went to therapy and we figured out that I have Pure OCD. This makes sense because I remember having obsessive compulsive behavior like this as a teenager too. That's why I also kept having repeating thoughts of dying of lung cancer after quitting weed. I quit smoking weed for a year before and eventually I became very obsessive too. It's a pattern throughout my life. The problem is that I now have it with those insults and that's extremely bad for my mental health. I'm not trying to defend my behavior at all because I was wrong, but the worst thing that can happen to my mindset right now is having extremely harsh insults constantly repeat. 

Anyway, for my ex my behavior must have been extremely irrational, annoying and erratic. She got flooded with messages from me because I got untreated mental health problems. I feel like such a piece of shit because of this. Both my behavior towards her and the consequence for my life is extremely fucked up and I'm struggling so much with this. I feel so low because I've acted like such an obsessive loser so it's hard to muster up the self-love to succeed in life now. I work out 6 times per week, I graduated and I'm trying to grow, but I'm scared that I will die soon while having those mean words slam me down everyday until then. That's why I often feel like my life is bound to fail and I will be very miserable and remorseful on my deathbed. Going out as a loser who failed at life by living too unhealthy. My worst nightmare. 

'You'll never learn how to live your life'... A sentence that broke my spirit.