Dad walked out on my mom after 38 years of marriage, mom is feeling suicidal and i [21 F] feel unhelpful &amp; useless[Reposting from R/Relationships]

So on April 7th I got a phone call from my dad saying that he left my mom and needed me to go home immediately (at the time I was living in another city for college). I called my mom right away and she confirmed that my dad had packed up all of his things while she was at work today and moved out of the house. The worst part is that she found out from an 8 page letter that he left her in what used to be their bedroom. The letter basically just stated that he wasn't happy, didn't want to do this anymore and doesn't love her.

My mom is completely devastated, every time she attempts to talk to my dad he just gets angry and aggressive in his answers, or he'll ignore her. My brother [18] is furious and no longer wishes to speak to our dad because he was home when my mom discovered the letter and thinks that my dad is a coward.

The last (almost) two months has been a roller coaster of emotions. I have been trying to keep neutral and still try to speak to my dad because I don't want him to leave me too. However the last two weeks have made me start to reconsider whether i want him to be a part of my life moving forward because he skipped my 21st birthday, refuses to talk to my mom or even give her any answers on what to do moving forward (i.e. do we need to sell my childhood house? is he coming back? can we afford for me to go to school or do i need to apply for OSAP? are they going to go through with a divorce?), and every time i try to see him all he wants to do is go out for dinner at a restaurant which is a very shallow interaction and doesn't allow for much meaningful conversation.

The thing that makes all of this harder is that my mom feels really embarrassed and ashamed to tell people whats happened, so therefore I'm one of the only people she talks to about her feelings. Today she came home from work crying and told me she almost stepped in front of the train today and that suicide has been on her mind lately.

I feel incredibly hurt, stressed out, depressed, angry, tired, unfocused, and heartbroken. I don't know who else to talk to other then my counsellor that I see once a week because I don't want to keep bothering others about it. This has significantly impacted my grades, social life and relationship with my friends/boyfriend.

Part of me really wants to call my dad and tell him to get his shit together/stop being a coward and just tell my mom the truth but I don't think doing that will get me anywhere and I don't even know what to say.
I know this is incredibly long and mostly rambling (I just came back from consoling my mother), but I do have a few questions that I need help with;

1. How else can I help my mom other then being an ear to listen to? I feel unhelpful just sitting there and don't have any advice I can give her.
2. Are there any books on dealing with divorce/separation for adult children that anyone can recommend? Or any good books on separation in general?
3. Should I talk to my dad about my mom feeling suicidal? If so what's a nicer way to tell him that I think he's being a selfish asshole while my mom, brother and i are struggling?


-----

tl;dr: Dad left Mom abruptly over a month ago, Mom is feeling suicidal, Brother [18] &amp; I [21 F] both feel unhelpful and don't know what else to do.