Here’s my storyI have CPTSD from physical and mental abuse because of my narcissistic father while witnessing him do the same thing to my mom. I was sexually abused by his friend/acquaintance, too. I reported all of this to my school counselor about 3 years ago (I’m 15). Although CPS didn’t do anything about the abuse from lack of evidence and my father’s lying, I was able to get therapy to process my trauma.  

My mother will not leave my father even when she had the opportunity to press charges on him once. So my father visits from another state because he could no longer get a job in my current state. Even if she claims to completely understand how my father is a big trigger for my PTSD she still encourages me to have a relationship with him. Because of this, I cannot forgive her, which prevents us from having the close relationship she wants us to have. When I try to talk to her, she shuts me down anyways. The rest of my siblings kiss my father’s ass. I don’t blame them. Trauma bonding, I guess. But why am I the only one who takes a stand against him?! 

In my family, I’ve always been the black sheep and outcast. The most hurtful thing I have been called by my younger sister is “mental”-while ironically, I feel as if I’m the most sane in the household because I can see the bullshit.

I have no where else to live. He doesn’t physically abuse us anymore but still does emotionally and psychologically. I progress in my mental health, then he comes home for a visit and it’s all severely fucked up again. Even if I leave when I’m 18, the Ptsd and all the other disorders will still be there most likely life long. It’s very exhausting. 

I’ve been admitted to the mental hospital 4 times. Even there I feel like an outcast and weirdo. It’s indescribably isolating. 
“Draw and color and breath when you feel upset” they say, and send you back home. My social anxiety is usually always the most severe in the entire hospital the psychiatrist usually says. 

I also suffer from chronic depression and OCD, too. I’ve been suicidal since I was 9. I’ve had these for as long as I can remember.  I’ve never had a single friend in real life. I’m far from an asshole. I just either lack social skills or, while I have a lot of empathy, really don’t care about people at the moment. 

I don’t fucking care about school and my current special education case worker, school counselor and school director ramble on about how much “potential” I have, how I’m not using it and it makes me feel terrible about myself. I told them to stop but they keep saying this shit. They don’t fucking understand how I ruminate about school 24/7, worrying about the lowest grade I have, a C+. They just think that I’m just “being a slacker”.
In middle school, old my case worker, principal and counselor were amazing and I’m forever grateful for there efforts to keep me alive and comfortable. 

But I’m so fucking tired of being here. I should have really killed myself the first time I said I would. I’m embarrassed of my entire self. I’m a loser to my family. I know this because they’ve told me. I hate everything about myself. I know they will get relief from my death. Even if they don’t want to admit it. Everyone who’s not my online friend will at least. I only care about my online friends, and it makes me want to cry for hurting them the way I will soon. But I don’t want to do this anymore. 

Life is a fucking joke. Mine is at least. Do I actually want to do this? Nope, but I’d rather commit completely to death then just exist. And  committing completely to life? Too much work I’m not willing to put the little energy I have into.  
I don’t know when I’ll die yet but I know what method I’ll use (which I’m not saying here). 
