Need to escape my narcissistic abusive motherI always moments of panic and contemplating/attempting suicide after my mother flips out on me. It’s hard for me to write this coherently because i’m currently sobbing and mustering all my willpower not to cut my thighs to shreds. I’m thinking of how many rants I’ve written about her before and I just don’t have the energy to do it anymore. Some key problems: I don’t feel safe living with her. When she loses her temper (set off by the smallest, most unpredictable things, then I am blamed for not knowing what is going to set her off) she personally attacks me, screams, and denies it all in the end. One day I stood up for myself and said I felt unsafe living “under” her, she proceeded to ridicule me and said that she was not some emotional abuser, as that if i wanted to see “real emotional abuse” she could show it to me (i think referring to a relationship in which she was emotionally abused by my father). It’s not right to excuse her horrible behavior because it’s “not as bad” as what happened to her. Nobody deserves what she’s doing to me, but to make matters worse, her little reasons for going off on me always blame me and not herself, and for things that are often extremely exaggerated or hold no truth. She criticizes me as a student (I am a senior hovering between class ranks 1 and 2) and compares me to my stepsister (F student) as a personal attack when I show any sign of normal teenage laziness when it comes to school. Today, she went off on me for not wanting a write a 5 page essay on baseball. I think there is a problem when, as an insult, you are compared to a sibling. 
When I broke down and said I shouldn’t live in fear of my own mother, she said being afraid of your mom is normal. Certainly not at this level. Despite the doubt her gaslighting can instill in me, I know this is not normal. I think I’m more afraid of what I might do to myself if this continues. I want nothing more than to be dead so I don’t have to be in this situation anymore.