My friend's situation is really bad, should I tell his parents?My friend is an introvert and he is really shy. There's a girl that he "indirectly" likes. He keeps thinking about her, and gets jealous if some guy, or say, any guy talks to her, in the college. He even warned a guy to stay away from her. And also called a guy who he thought was talking to her, just to check. And he sometimes spaces out, becomes blank, and tears start coming from his eyes.

He also says and thinks that everyone in the college is better than him, and also that he is a "hopeless piece of shit". And also that he doesn't have any talent or whatsoever, and just wants to give up. He also tells me that everyone in his class thinks he is a "loser", and no one wants to talk to him. 

Me and my other friend are trying everything we can, to help him. But we are limited by the business in our own individual lives. What do we do to help him?

Apart from that, he was also involved in a toxic relationship with a couple. The girl would annoy him telling him why isn't her boyfriend messaging her. And he (my friend) would also talk to that "Boyfriend" all the time, and even play online games with him, and then at one point, he grew really annoyed of my friend's messages, and told him to stay away.

And also, there is too much workload on him right now, from his college. 

And yesterday, as it turns out, he tried to "kill himself".  It was night, I was leaving his home, and then he insisted that he comes to drop me off. I said okay. 

But this time, he chose his car, rather than his two-wheelers... I asked him whether he drove car everyday for college, and he said no. I also asked him whether he drove it before this time, he also said no. The tone of his reply was monotonic... he replied with no interest, and then after dropping me off, we said bye, and then he was off his home. But I waited for him to take a U-turn, so I could see him returning his home. It was just a hunch. But I didn't see him take the turn, instead he took another road.

He was all alone in the car, filled with misery and pain, probably driving on the highway, with no one inside...  

And then I got a reply from him saying that he has reached home. 

And now he uses me and my other friend as a "diary". He constantly texts us whatever comes up in his mind, including his negative thoughts and what others think of him. 

So I'm planning to put an end to this, tomorrow, by telling his mother (who is the only person there currently), while my other friend takes him to a garden. But the feeling of doubt I get is, what if she treats him badly after listening to me? And it becomes more worse for him?

Though there was time when I saw his mother be sympathetic to him when he got low grades in the final exam of our 12th class... but I still don't know if it's a good idea.

P.S. I also tried telling his mother yesterday, but he was there, and dragged my shirt and stopped me. He kept saying, "Please, you don't know everything, please." And most of the time, the talk wasn't even in person. He would text me, rather than speak to me directly. "You are the only person I can trust." "If not you, then whom?" 

I'm really sorry to have you waste your time reading this long paragraphs, but any of your help is appreciated at this point.