Dreams and Life in the TrashI was in my second year of college when I started hanging out with individuals that were frequency users of drugs. I took shroom one time &amp; it was the death of me. I got stuck thinking that life had a different meaning. After abusing my body with work, school, marijuana, and not sleeping, I quit my job. I started to take long drives that led to me speeding because I thought that if "believe" hard enough everything would be fine. 
One day after a calculus test, I hit the highway and began speeding. Before I knew it there was blue lights behind me. For some reason I thought I was going to wake up the next day fine, so I didn't stop until a few miles down the road. I was arrested for speeding and attempt to elude. My brother bailed me out to only continue going to school and smoking pot. I was destroyed that I was arrested, but I lost all sight of what reality was. Then, I again started taking Long drives. This Thursday night I drove for who knows how long. I ended up running a red light and crashing. I completely crashed my car. I thought I was going to get a new life, so I didn't want to speak to the cops. Little did I knew that they were going to charge me with a DUI. Again, I was bailed out to only get mad at one of my professor for kicking me out of the class for laughing out loud. I was not in my right senses. He reported the email where I cursed, so I was arrested for disorderly conduct. 
I have lost everything. It is nobody's fault but my own. I have been pleaded guilty to the DUI, so I have 24 months of probation plus programs. I still have two more court dates pending. I am blessed to have a supporting family since they knew it was not me controlling my body during those two months. I feel destroyed and hopeless. I have thought that maybe killing myself would be the best option, but I cannot do that to my family. I'm back to myself after rest and reflection. I have always been very hardworking and a Dean's List student, but My dreams are gone. I have a criminal record because of my stupid decisions. Please, any advise would help since I'm a good honest 21 year old who took the wrong path.