i'm so burnt out, tired, depressed, suicidal, hanging on by a thread, just wish it would all end.I absolutely hate my job. I cannot stand the pressure, the responsibility, the low pay. i'm a computer technician at micro center. my boss can be a dick head. he can be abusive. gets in my face and screams at me. tells me all the bad parts about myself. i just try my best. there are a couple of coworkers that make my job harder. like this one guy that doesn't shut up when we work on sundays. i hate to blame him for this, but he wouldn't shut up and i accidentally wiped a customer's data drive because i couldnt focus on what i was doing. there's a lot more to it. 

there are so many other customer issues. i can't stand it. every unit is an issue with the customer. i try my best to be courteous and offer a good repair solution but most of the time the customer has an issue paying for something. why bring it in then if you dont want to pay? i dont get it. anyway i've been stuck here for almost 2 years. i hate very second of it. i only like my other coworkers. other than that this job is horrible. i have worsening hyper tension, heart palpitations, headaches, high blood pressure because of this job. i'm fucking only 24 i shouldnt have to deal with this shit.

then i get home and i'm with my wife who annoys the shit out of me sometimes. i cant stand it. i wish we never got together in the first place. my life has been an absolute mess since the moment i was born. mom and dad got divorced when i was 2. i dont talk to my dad's side of the family anymore. when i was 14 my grandma died, she took care of me for the first half of my life. i wish she was still around because my mom sucks. 

yea, im 24, got married at 23. my wife's not from america so we got married early so she could stay. lots of stress associated with that, i'm not gonna get into it. overall i am extremely unhappy with my relationship. i havent been happy with her since the first few days we were together. i wish i ended it then. but no i'm a desperate moron who had a nice time with her once and fell in love. no one else liked me because i was so shy and awkward. 

i wish i didnt care about girls growing up. i should have focused on myself.

i went to college. got really depressed and graduated with a bullshit degree instead of the one i wanted. i had to change majors due to depression. couldnt succeed in the first major. so that's really depressing. i'm mostly over that though.

i just hate my current life. my wife and i have been living in shitty apartments because thats all i can afford. rented a room in a house. hated those landlords so much. then we moved and found an illegal studio. these landlords neglected to tell us their kids were loud as shit and that they played piano constantly. fuck i hate that.

so i hate my job. i go home and hate where i live. i just am filled with so much hate and tension. i really want to kill myself. there's no help available for me. my family cant help. friends cant help. all i can do is help myself which i try to every day. nothing works. other employers dont want me. why would they? i have a shit degree and a computer repair certification. I FUCKING HATE BEING ALIVE.