I'm looking at 100+ pillsHello my name is Allen Christie I'm a 29 year old c-5 spinal cord injury , in 2010 I went swimming and dove of the beach , I woke up in the Beth Israel icu in bosten hooked up to a breathing machine. I lost the use of my legs , torso , my hands and I have limited use of my arms .

After my injury I spent just over a year in various hospitals in bosten going through rehab. When I was deemed well enough to leave my parents made modifications to their home so I could move in . My father built a roll in shower ,and ramp so I could get in the house .

My mother decided she was going to be my pca, personal care attendant. She does everything for me from cooking an cleaning to bathing and inserting the suppository so I can move my bowels. 

At the time of my injury I was seeing a girl and she couldn't handle it so she split. And I've been alone ever since, it's been six years since I've had any kind of intimacy with a woman.

I was 6 ft 210 lbs at the time of my accident I'm now down to 135-140 lbs and I'm developing bed sores along with a host of other internal problems too many to get into at the moment . I have a spu catheter and I'm in the emergency room what seem like every week getting it changed due to blood clots clogging the tube not letting me drain my bladder.

I'm constantly in pain 24-7 365 days a year , weather it's my nerves in my back an legs spaziming or the plate and two screws in my neck I'm always having an autonomic dysreflexic reaction, which is composed of involuntary shaking , cold sweats   And a pain in my head that makes a migraine look like nothing , I've been shot twice and I'd rather be shot a third time then deal with that pain. 

My days start with a bowel movement every day because I can't control my rectum much less feel with any certainty when I have to go, during this I have to lay on my side for upwards of two hrs on my Right shoulder , after about an hr the AD reaction starts and I'm in near tears every morning, then after my mother cleans me up like she had to do when I was a child I either stay in bed and loose myself on my iPad, or I get up and go out to my Drs appointment or I go an sit outside if it's warm enough. I haven't been outside after 7 in years my mother isn't willing to put me back in bed late at night with I understand I'm not her only child and she's up on her feet all day cleaning and maintaining the house, not to mention her medical problems that make caring for me a near impossible task. 

I know I'm better off then most people in my situation I'm lucky to have the support and care from my family. But it's not enough I'm seriously depressed and no one seems to understand the problem, the people around me all have hope that either God or science is going to fix me . I don't believe that it will, and even if they did figure out how to repair the spinal cord, what chance would I have being able to afford the surgery on  800$ a month ? None nada zip. 

But that's not even the biggest part to my depression , I know I'm going to die alone and most likely from an infection of some kind, but I've still been trying to find a girlfriend. Needless to say I haven't had any luck , I recently started talking to someone from p.o.f and we seemed to be hitting it off she didn't care about the catheter or the fact I'm in a chair . I was honestly starting to believe I had a chance at a serious relationship but today out of what seems the blue she asked for space and to leave her alone. Said were moving to fast . We haven't even met in person yet! So yea I know that's done . I've had this happen before and I've dealt with it but this time it really hurts , I can't do it anymore I'm so tired of being alone. 

Before all this I graduated from a tech school in metal fabrication an wielding and since middle school I've worked various construction gigs . roofing , laying brick, cutting firewood . And right after high school less then a month after graduation I enlisted in the marine core I served 3 years and 4 months when I popped on a piss test for pot, they discharged me with an OTH other then honorable so there went my college, at around the time I came back to the states from my second deployment my wife at the time was having our daughter ,we stayed together maybe six months and then We divorced just before my discharge from the core. Afterwards I moved to Tennessee and stayed with an marine from my unit for the summer before coming back to mass, shortly after getting a job landscaping and moving in with my gf I had my accident. 

My point is that I've always worked for anything and everything I had not only that but everything I know how to do is manual labor, I'm fucked the even if I had my hands I couldn't do an office job I'd have a panic attack and freak out .my self worth is gone I have no pride in myself or who I am anymore combine that with physical pain and the pain in my heart I'm just done I cant do this anymore I'm holding a bottle of tramadol in one hand and my warfarin in the other I'm this close to just swallowing them all I've looked into I'm going to pass out then I'll have a seizure from the tramadol and the blood thinners should cut off the blood flow of oxygen to my brain . I died during my accident so I know what's coming just a nice lack of consciousness and a black screen.

I posted something earlier but I didn't explain anything so disregard that one I guess ,who cares anyway 