Reddit, can you please help me understand the world better?Edit: Dear SW, thank you for the comments...

I am grad student ( not a native English speaker) . I make ends meet with the pay check I get with my on-campus job. All my life I have been wondering various conventional practices around me.

Why do we have governments all around the world who do less good and create more trouble by either cheating the citizens of a country or joining hands with economic giants etc.

Why do we pay millions of dollars to bring a story to life and create entertainment when we can use that money to educate people to make them good decisions. We already can experience the joy and horror by sharing real-life incidents which are stranger than fiction.

Why do we educate young ones without giving them a purpose to learn and hence discourage them to learn and kill curiosity?

What is the purpose of all of our fucking lives?

What the fuck is really happening in this world?

The list goes on... I can't fucking figure it out...

I feel depressed when I think of anything one these lines... I feel I am alone... I feel like killing myself (as there is no purpose of me being here) and some others who are really dumb and are messing up this world ( on the other hand I feel bad to have such thoughts .

Why am I like this??? why am I so confused?? Is it only me??

My background: I am 23, I like what I am learning and I am a curious one. I am surrounded by friends but I feel alone inside as I cannot(don't) share my thoughts very often with them. I was in a relationship but didn't enjoy it because of all the attention I was forced to give her. I have been like this since I was in grade 5(as far as I can remember). I would wake up in the middle of the night and think " Why am I here?" " What's my purpose?" " Why do I have to live?" etc. Money, love, lust, relationships, attachments seem materialistic. However, I cannot deny that I do not enjoy these materialistic objects.

Reddit, is something wrong with me or does anyone else feel the same way? I need your suggestions to carry on my life in a meaningful way. I feel disgusted in this world, feel like I am alone, feel like no one cares if I live or die, my existence just doesn't matter and not only my existence but my friend's and family's too. I feel like a slave of the government and the economy of this world. I feel like the slave of education system which kills curiosity. I feel disgusted by the chemicals given to children by highly qualified doctors which are not natural. I feel disgusted because I feel disgusted by many such happenings around me. When this happens I imagine a grenade exploding right in my face and go blank for a while and come back to my senses after a few seconds.

**tldr**; I feel frustrated by everyday happenings in this world. I can't help but think that I should kill some dumb useless people and kill self. ( I will never do the killing part. However, I don't want to feel this way. Reddit, can you help me?)

Cross-Post from [Ask Reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/dz9ig/reddit_can_you_please_help_me_understand_the/)

Edit: formatting