I need to end it.I'll never find someone. No one thinks I can anyway. No one talks to me about it. They just talk amongst themselves. I am shit. No one could ever love disabled trash like myself. I have to be perfect for someone to love me. I don't deserve anything. I wish I was never born. I'm just some stupid retard. I am nothing but an edgelord joke of a person. I make too many mistakes. Everything will just keep getting worse. People I care about will keep dying and I will probably be one of the last ones. I'm too scared to ask anyone out because I have no real means of transportation because my shitty health and retardation kept me from getting my license sooner. How could anyone possibly have any remote interest in that? I was defective from the beginning. I am a joke to everyone. I have maybe one friend. He is maybe the only real friend that I've ever had. I identify as bi but I can't act on my desires for the same sex because of my religion. I cant let go of religion because that would take away all meaning from my life and I would have no choice but to end it then. I'm hopeless. No one can help me with romantic relationships. I like wasn't even born with that information already in me like it is for everyone else. Everyone forms relationships super easily. No religious girl could ever love me because I have to be perfect or at least super close to it.  I'm wasting my life in small jobs when I really want to go to college to be an archaeologist but I'm still probably too retarded for that too. Plus I would have to live near the school which I could barely handle it when I went to a small year long program last year. My depression and anxiety would increase and I would end it without a doubt. I am a waste. My life is a waste. I'm a metalhead but I can't find anyone nearby who is as into metal as I am. Everyone is either into country or rap. Everyone I meet where I live is either already married or in a relationship. Especially people that are my age. Nothing gets better. I'm too black pilled anyway.