I'm trying my best to keep going but I'm done.I'm 24 but I can't take it anymore. My over critical dad constantly on my back and my mom being overcritical too but she's less on my back, getting tired of where I live and I just think I'll try to get it over with by this week. Don't know when. I know a bridge in my area where I can get it over with.

I work 2 shit jobs (1 seasonal) in pursuit of a Finance degree but I can't even take school anymore. It's unbearable and I don't even want to do the next semester.

I've faced my problems for too long (half my life) with little to no tangible results, ridicule, have had constant suicidal thoughts/attempts for 4 years now and a few in high school but not as much as now. I kept quiet, did what I had to do with finesse and i was efficient in almost all aspects of my life but I now think I'm at the point of burnout (been 2 weeks now). I can't deal with life anymore. I'm done. Finished. 

For context and I know it sounds stupid but some chick earlier this afternoon (a little older than me or I think around my age) was with her mom and her little kids. At my shit job, I started saying hi smiling and she smiled back but murmured and had a little mocking grin facing her mom. I felt a little out of my element and was less energetic and I started feeling a little gloomy. The chick then left the store running and laughing with her mom. I had this happen to me with two chicks who I gave Halloween candy to back in the 11th grade and they just looked at me and started running off and laughing. The fucked up part is that she's not an ugly chick. She's actually decent looking.

This is the shit I have to live through. I just came back from my shit seasonal job at Amazon and got to the other store (my other job) right after that. I was actually feeling OK but then I thought about all of the shit I had to endure for the whole waking up at fucking 5:45 am to get to my first shit job of the day. Fuck that.

The reason why this is fucking with me is because a few chicks used to make fun of me back in high school and it still continues to this day. What's the point of living if every single move is in anticipation of being ridiculed and mocked. Then people who live in their own bubbles (like my manager ) who I'm cool with tell me to get over it even though I listen to all his girl problems he has on Tinder and try to offer solutions and listen to him. I don't get shit on Tinder so yeah, I can't relate bro.

I'm just tired in general. Just tired of constantly being reminded of my "responsibilities" from my dad and just tired of the BS from everyone. The best part is I have no one (except a former mentor) of mine in high school to talk to about this shit I'm dealing with and I haven't spoken to him in 5 years. My friends which I have none at the moment because I text them and they don't want anything to do with me judging by their non replies.

 And I will not tell my parents my suicidal attempts/thoughts. They won't understand. Plus being a black man fucking makes this shit all that more great.

I'm done with a passion and I think I'm at the point of no return. I'm a 5 minute walk away from an interstate overpass so I'm good to go. Fuck life.

I'll probably have to go to my shit Amazon job tomorrow and then rinse and repeat until I go through with my plan around this week. I've tried everything except for full fledged therapy and taking a vacation or leaving my area for a few days. I've tried positive thinking, exercising. But it all seems for naught since I'll be faced with another setback as I'm always faced with. It's like everything good I do ends up turning to shit. What's the point.
