[18/M] Losing the will to live, don't know what to doI'm an 18 year old male, currently living with my parents and works a full-time job as an apprentice web developer.  I would say I have been depressed for a few years now and have been smoking weed for 3-4 years on a regular basis. Since November of last year, I have been smoking at least 1-2 grams a day and having nearly double that on the weekends. Up until a few months ago, I was also taking ecstasy/speed every week to couple of weeks but I cut that out because it was affecting my work rate.  For a couple of years, I use to hang around with my friends and just sit in fields and smoke weed all day and up until a few months ago, that was still the case but I started losing interest in walking long distances and being out in all weathers, just to smoke weed so I started ignoring them and started smoking alone.  

As a result, I have not left the house in about three months, other than when I go to smoke a spliff or for work and have lost interest in everything. I just don't care about anything these days. I use to love playing music but now I can't be bothered. I started ignoring all my other “non-stoner” friends because I just feel paranoid as fuck. But, I still want a better life for myself but I just can't see it ever happening. Also, the fact I'm still a virgin is just eating away at me day by day and I feel like a constant failure. I did at one point see a doctor about it and got referred but they just stuck me on a stack of meds that made me feel like an emotionless zombie, so I stopped taking them. They also informed for the first time, that I had ADHD, which didn’t help me feel any better. Now, all I do is wake up go to work, come home, smoke weed and then go to sleep. I feel like I’m losing my sanity and I’m to going to just throw myself off a cliff or something any day now. To me, I feel at this point, suicide seems much better than trying to deal with any of my problems. I’m tired of feeling this way and in a way I feel a lot more positive about dead then being alive. I think my emotional problems are way too complex and will never be resolved. With girls especially, I feel like I will be pre-judged and get an instant dismissal so I never try it and thus I feel uncomfortable when I hear about anything to do with sex, seeing couples in public, etc, it just makes me feel worse, like a constant reminder of how much of a loser I am. In fact, I would say that my sexual frustrations are the most prominent factor in me wanting to kill myself. Even as I type, I’m just thinking about how great it would be to be dead and to rid of this shit. I’m a pussy for sure and I either need to man up or just end it. The only thing that has really stopped me thus far is the potential impact it could have on my family as I’m quite close to my parents. I feel trapped tbh.

Sorry if this does not make sense to anyone, I’m quite inebriated right now. 
