Think my ex might be contemplating suicide...I already know what a lot of people will say... she's my ex and it isn't my problem.  Except it is.  I still care about her a lot.  She was the one who ended things a few months ago.  We were together for 3 years and she chose to end things 5 das before her birthday.  

Now here is where it gets hard for me to talk about.  I was not the best partner to her at all.  In fact, saying that is a huge understatement.   I always expected more out of her than what she could give.  I made nasty comments about how she looked.  I made fun of her.  I called her names.  I lied to her.  I did inappropriate things with other women behind her back.  I hit on her female friends.  I hit on women she didn't know.  I kept in contact with old girlfriends and flirted with them openly.  I pressured her for threesomes with friends of mine.  I pressured her for an open relationship which she didn't want.  I tried to get her to agree to let me bring a triad into our relationship.  I blamed her depression for my own bad behavior.  And looking back I know I was the cause of it (her depression.)  She started taking anti-depressants when we were together and as far as I know she still takes them.  I know I'm a piece of shit.  I know I don't deserve to be happy with anyone after the way I've treated others.  (It's not like she was the first.)  It was her leaving me that made me realize I need to re-evaluate the way I treat others.  I have a real problem empathizing with people.  And so I've decided to just not enter into another relationship.  

And she had a rough life before me.  She has OCD (clinically diagnosed.)  She got beat up on a regular basis growing up.  And her ex-husband used to beat her up.  There were also things that happened with an older male family member when she was a teenager that shouldn't have happened.   

As far as why I think she's contemplating suicide...  the things I'm going to mention here have all happened over the last couple of months.  She has made a few comments about how she will be dead soon.  She had several aunts die in their 40s.  She keeps talking about how the women in her family all die young.  

She has a lot of medical bills she's been trying to pay.  She recently got a bonus at work and went on a shopping spree for herself.  She bought herself a really expensive top-shelf bottle of Whiskey, among other things.  SHe was telling me about it and she was like, "I know I could have used the money to pay my medical bills down.  But I'm going to die one day.  I might as well have a good time while I can."  

She was sick not too long ago and couldn't get rid of the cough.  At one point she made the comment, "Maybe I'll get lucky and find out I have stage 4 lung cancer like Walter White."  

I don't like hearing her say this stuff.  She never used to talk like this.  I knew her for a year before I dated her.  She used to be so full of life.  

She posted a meme on Facebook the other night that said, "I'm tired of having to apologize for the monster I've become.  No one ever apologized for making me this way."  And a couple of nights before that she posted one that said "If I disappeared would anyone even miss me?"  

But the thing that really got me was last night...  She is really into music.  I mean really into it.  She is one of those people that has music on all the time.  No matter what she's doing.  And she posts songs on Facebook pretty regularly that reflect her mood.  I don't like any of the music she listens to so I rarely paid any attention to these posts.  But idk... last night she posted a song that I just felt compelled to click on.  I wish I wouldn't have.  This song really bothered me.  It was eerie and unsettling and really disturbed me.  I would link it but I don't know if this sub allows links.  It was The Final Cut by Pink Floyd if anyone is wondering.  It's very obviously a song about wanting to kill yourself.  There are lines about "What would you do if you saw my dark side?" and holding a blade in shaking hands, etc.  I was not expecting that at all when I clicked on it.  I thought they were a bunch of hippies who's songs are mostly about drugs and not needing no education, lol.  And she posted it with no context, no nothing.  It was just a Youtube link. 

I know people will probably tell me to stay the hell off her social media.  But we are still friends on facebook.  I'm going to see her posts.  I don't know if I'm just reading too much into these posts and her recent comments about death or what. Or maybe she is trying to get someone's attention.  She was going to Therapy the whole time I was with her and as far as I know, she still is.  

I feel really bad about the way I treated her.  I just hope I didn't drive her to wanting to die.  What do you guys think I should do?