I'm just exhaustedEveryone's better than me, and I thought I'd come to terms with this, but apparently not.

God, we need to get rid of that universal "gifted" program in elementary schools.

I don't hate people that are better than me, how could I? I just blame myself for not trying hard enough, not being good enough. I feel like a sham. Everything I've made myself out to be, I'm not. I'm good at nothing. I'm mediocre, will never stand out, will die one day and be forgotten within a year. All of my friends are so sweet and smart and pioneering, and I love them with all my heart. They deserve the world for their efforts and the success they've made for themselves, even if they're only juniors in high school. Fuck, I'm only a junior, but it feels like there's no hope for me. It's too late for me.

I know so many amazing and talented sophomores as well. They're all so amazing, so kind, so charming. I could never be like them. God, I'm so pathetic. These people, if they run into a problem, they work to solve it and overcome it. I don't. I give up. That makes me a failure.

I thought I'd come to terms with all of this. I guess I haven't, and I hate myself for it, because I just feel so petty and narcissistic. I want to tear out my brain and rip it to shreds, replace my personality with someone else's. I don't have the looks to get me through life, either. I'll never be confident enough to own what little I have. I'll never be confident enough to transition.

Nobody cares about me, or they try, but can't. I don't blame them at all – that's the one thing I can say with confidence. I don't blame anyone now. I used to blame the world for the problems I'd created for myself, but now I can see that whatever pain I'm suffering now, I've brought it on myself one way or another. I don't want to burden everyone else with my suffering, because they have enough stress to deal with. They shouldn't care about me. If I spill, they'll just push the responsibility onto someone else, someone more "qualified" anyway, and where will that land me? Back at the therapist. Expensive, pointless therapy that just makes me hate myself more, makes my mom hate me more, makes my dad hate me more, because it's a reminder that I'll never change, it's a reminder that I'm just a financial burden and a huge fucking mess.

Everything treats me so patronisingly, because they know what I used to be in middle school. That whiny, privileged bitch that just kept moaning about his depression and anxiety and mommy issues. I'm "edgy" to them, still. I'll never be anything more than that "quiet kid who draws", the "one with the resting bitch face", the "scary one". I don't think they hate me, or maybe they do? I just know that they think I'm pathetic, and they listen to me and they're all nice to me, but it feels like they're all babysitting me, entertaining my garbled nonsense and cooing at me. The diction here makes me sound bitter, I'm aware, but I truly don't blame any of them, you gotta believe me on this. Fuck, I don't want to be a more shitty person than I already am.

I thought... I genuinely thought I was getting better. But last year and this year proved me wrong. I'm still the useless mess I was in middle school. I'm still the absolute miserable ass I have been all these years, the attention whore, the prideful and jealous douchebag. I thought I was making friends, and fuck, maybe I did, but they don't like me, not really. Once again, just playing along with me. I'd rather they beat me up and spit in my face, because this hurts more, when it's so vague that I'm left questioning whether or not I'm exaggerating it.

I just don't want to be a burden anymore. I don't want people to care about me, if they ever did. Fuck, is it arrogant of me to think that people cared about me at all? I'm so ridiculously self-centered. It's time I gave back to the world. People will move on. If I'm going to die a nobody, might as well end it sooner, make it easier on everyone else. But I don't want to die, not really, I don't think. I don't want to live, either. I just don't want to have any responsibilities, and I don't want to be a responsibility. I wish I could just pass in my sleep. I wish I could trade my health for someone who is dying, someone who deserves to live, someone who can become a great person. I'm wasting space. I don't deserve any of this.

Fuck, I'm pathetic. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. Absolutely disgusting. I don't need to have a conversation, thank you, I just needed this. I don't know if I'll kill myself, but I should. Is that even serious, then? Doesn't everyone want to kill themselves every once in a while? I'm not special. I want to stop thinking. I wish someone would gut me.