Being trans-age is hell.You can’t even really compare it to being transgender, as transgender people are largely supported these days and recognized as legit by most of mainstream culture and science. But us trans-age folks? We’re mocked left and right. Even by those who otherwise consider themselves progressive. *Nobody* takes us seriously, no matter how much time we spend trying to explain ourselves. We are a laughingstock, a joke, and treated like such shit.

I will remain true to who I am, but honestly, external validation is such a huge part of feeling good about yourself, no matter how much people try to deny it and claim that you should only seek validation from within. I *need* people to recognize me for the young girl I am. I *need* them to understand that just because my body grew up doesn’t mean my mind and soul did. For all intents and purposes I am a 14-year-old girl. And let me tell you, being treated as and expected to act like an adult when you’re not one is absolutely heartbreaking. Devastating in so many ways.

I actually don’t even think it’s possible for me to put into words how soul-crushing it is to not have my identity validated. It’s my ultimate source of pain and the reason I probably won’t live long. I’m so, so disappointed that the majority of people would rather prove themselves “right” than accept that they don’t know me as well as I know myself and agree to treat me according to how I feel inside. At this point it’s become clear that they’d rather see me DEAD than as the child I still am. 

But for now, I am stuck in a body that causes me tremendous distress. I am forced to act in ways that feel completely unnatural to me. My heart is deprived of the kind of love and nurturing that is given to other kids—the kind of love and nurturing I need to survive. I guess my existence is just a burden on this planet. People have shown me time and time again that instead of doing a few common courtesy things, such as using my preferred age labels (child/teen, young girl, kid, etc.), they would rather continue treating me as something I’m not and pushing me further towards the edge.

I see no point in going through life like this. As you can imagine, things only get worse for me with time. Right now my biological age is close enough to 14 that I can generally “pass” if I play my cards right, but I know that obviously won’t always be the case. I feel physically sick when thinking about how I’ll look 10, 20+ years down the road. How much more my bio age will have strayed from my real age. 

I won’t go on living like this. I can’t. My heart has just about completely shattered beyond repair.