Left alone and empty after sacrificing everything and destroying myselfHi, not sure what I expect to get from this but appreciate a place to put it out there. For intro, 20f. i have suffered with severe depression and (social) anxiety and disassociation for as long as I can remember due to past issues, finally saw a doctor for it about 4 years ago.

For a few months my 3+ year relationship was struggling. He changed personality entirely. It was around this time a new female friend became part of his life, she's married, 10 years older than us and he became so intensely attached to her. After months of them growing closer, us drifting and arguments and sobbing every time we tried to spend time together, he suggested we take a week communication break, as well as saying he couldn't try or care anymore because of my reaction to the situation  stressing him out. 4 days in he called to try again prematurely. 
Things didn't improve as he started lying about how often he was talking to her and lying to go off and call her during time we set aside from his overwhelming schedule of seeing her in person, (the sneaking off to call her was actually on a night we had just got home after going to the pub and her turning up out of the blue and so me not talking to my boyfriend for most of that night out then).
I suggested breaking up a couple of times but it ends with me realising I can't live without him and begging to try again with me trying even harder, while he admits to giving less effort. He says he still loves me, I think he does, but know he's having his own mental struggles that he's refused help for until now..
Last night we finally discussed it because he was messaging her throughout a NYE party we went to where I didn't know many people to talk to so depended on his company (social anxiety) but we were on the same page and we were happier than we'd been in a long time in that moment, kissing and hugging because it seemed sorted and we understood each other again. I was actually crying of relief. But a bit later the female friend blocked him on Facebook messenger, which upset him, triggered a whole new argument with us. Having gone to the party at 9pm, we got home and didn't sleep until 11am new years day due to the argument and going in circles. And I realised I can't win against it. And my boyfriend isn't well mentally now, I don't want to tear him apart trying to fight for our relationship. So I backed out. 
I've tried to talk to the female friend.. She's not malicious or trying to hurt either of us, I'm sure. So that just makes it harder to understand how and why this is happening.
He says we can go to being friends (but not seeing each other as much as he sees her) but I can't even imagine that pain of accepting a mediocre "friend" position in his life now. 


I know I've rambled way too much here, I just wanted to release. I've been suicidal for a while but now it's too intense. And now I'm alone, and dont have his support. He's said he's still there and has messaged me a bit since I left his today but it isnt the same. My few friends are always busy and have their own priorities of course, it's understandable. I'm not close at all with my family. I have no one. I'm so embarrassed about this situation. If I could just go in a way that wouldn't hurt and embarass people I know I'd be long gone. During the relationship breakdown both me and my boyfriend quit university because of stress, which I know embarrassed my family. I have no money and my debt is hanging over me, I can't get a job (have tried) and don't even have enough to cover future rent on the uni flat that we shared but is now empty because he didn't want to leave home, it turned out, and I couldn't live by myself.

I really don't know what I expect from here but I appreciate anyone who read so much. I'm just not in a good place and I don't think I'm going anywhere better soon.  It's been severe but never this awful. My heart physically feels so heavy..Thanks for reading, of course it's impossible to give advice having only heard what is probably a biased account on my part, but anything you have to say will be read, thank you 