I don't know what to do next.Dear SW,


I apologize for what will certainly be a long and probably boring wall of text, but I need a place to tell how I’m feeling and what has led up to it, and I know that this subreddit has a reputation for a kind ear.  You people are all too kind.  Really.  It’s tough for me to open up to people I know in real life about this, hence why I’m turning to you guys.
I’m facing a dilemma with regards to ending my life or to completely altering its path.


To begin with, my entire life, I’ve been known as “gifted,” which essentially means that school and academics come easily to me.  I swear, I don’t want to seem like a dick by mentioning this right off the bat, but it’s important for how I function on a day-to-day basis.  I blew through high school, and it only took me two years to graduate college with a BA (I’m currently 20).  However, the benefits to my intelligence end there, as it’s very hard for me to “turn off” my brain, and I constantly over-analyze every situation, giving myself horrible anxiety and depression.  I also hate myself for unexplainable reasons and view myself as a failure because I’m not happy and content with my life, even though my accomplishments at such a young age would suggest anything but.  On an average day, I think about killing myself a dozen or so times, and in the past three years, have seriously gone through with measures to kill myself about 4 times, but have backed out at the last minute, mainly because, despite my pain, I can still recognize how much I would hurt my family.

Last summer (2010), I finally saw a therapist about this.  I was diagnosed with severe OCD and reactive major depression.  We did some CBT, and I was placed upon Prozac for about four months.  However, I moved away to school again, but, since I was in a comfortable environment and away from my therapist, I abandoned the therapy and the meds.  Everything around me was known, I had an established friend base, and I didn’t want to become “dependent on meds.”  Therapy makes me feel like I’m broken, which I absolutely hate.  The school year was relatively uneventful, and while my depression/suicidal thoughts occasionally existed, I pushed these to the abscesses of my brain and was able to live relatively “normally,” or at least as normally as I can live.


In May, I graduated college, and I received an offer from a prestigious post-grad program that is a two year commitment.  I don’t want to say which one, but it’s a guaranteed job with salary for two years and, due to the rigor, it will undoubtedly open up many doors for me later in life.  Of course, everyone was excited for me, and I jumped at the opportunity for lack of anything better to do.  I’ve undergone training for the program and I’ve moved to my locale, and while I’ve made friends in the program, I feel as if our only common ground is the fact that we’re participating in the program, and I have trouble relating to them.  Moreover, I’m not excited at all for the program when it actually does start (about a week or so).  Everyone around me keeps talking about how excited they are to begin their journey, but I don’t feel any of this, I just feel alone, scared, and am horribly overwhelmed.  Granted, I know that a lot of this probably has to do with moving to a new area and being out of my comfort zone, but I constantly wonder if I’m making the right decision with my life, and since I’m not happy, I’m inclined to think that I’m not.  But I don’t know if anything would make me content, at this point.  I feel like I’m only happy when I’m running or biking outside or reading at home with my family.


I (perhaps foolishly) rushed through college because I was not happy, and I thought that getting accepted into this program would make me happy and content, but it’s been anything but.  I feel like if I did drop out, though, most everyone would think I was the biggest idiot in the world for passing on such a golden opportunity, and I fear that I would hate myself later in life for dropping out.  All I want is to be content, but I don’t know how to accomplish this.  Currently, all I want to do is just crawl into a metaphorical hole and die.


If you got this far, thank you for reading.  I don’t know exactly what I wanted to accomplish by writing this out, but it’s a slight load off my chest.  I don’t think I’ll kill myself tonight, but I’ll probably shed some tears and wonder what I did to deserve this.


If you would like to ask any questions, I will most definitely respond.  Again, from the bottom of my heart, thank you.
