Drunken experience on the night of my 18th birthday may have just completely ruined my life. I feel so ashamed and disgusted, don't know what to do and am verging suicidal.Before I get started I need to stress that I don't want or need piss take answers. I don't need people to tell me I'm a bad person or what I did was wrong. I know all of this.

Ok my question begins with a small bit of back story. Im a recently turned 18 yrs old man. I've had a rough past 6 years with depression and anxiety stemming from an older boy forcing me into sexual acts as a young teen to being blackmailed on social media as a 16 year old. I've also dealt with suicidal thoughts. I've only started to properly socialise this year.

Basically my 18th birthday was this week. I'm away on holidays and me and my 16 year old brother and his friends went out to celebrate in a nearby town. After drinking some alcohol (about 5 shots of vodka and a pint) I felt horribly sick. I spent the majority of my night getting sick and I've come to the conclusion that one of my drinks was spiked and I've drank more before and never gotten that drunk or sick. Anyway after an awful night me and my brother and his friend got kicked out and I had to get the guys home on a taxi. We were all "smashed" but I was slightly less "smashed". It was weird walking home. My brother and his friend were totally messed up and telling me private info about their love lives and showing me themselves in NSFW fashion blah blah blah. Anyway fast forward we get back to my apartment. Vomit is flowing and we all crash in my room with me on the floor and the lads in beds. Anyway i had this horrible dream where I was licking my brothers friends upper A-hole and then was rubbing my penis on it. I inserted it slightly into the guys bum but no enough to penetration it. It was more like rubbing it. Then later I was messing with my brothers flaccid penis. At this stage in the dream they're both asleep. Later in the night I actually wake up, wack my head off a wooden desk and and stumble into the toilet and get sick. Then fall asleep on the floor in the kitchen. The weird thing is that now it's the following day and I can't properly and conclusively say that it was a dream. I've looked up vodka and spiked drinks and asked an aunt about it too. From what I've read hallucinations are common in these scenarios and I'm beginning to think the dream was real. It bloody felt real and that's why I'm so upset about it. I feel disgusted and that I violated and did unspeakable things to people that couldn't say no. I've read tons of stories today online about similar situations but the reason I'm so disgusted is because if my last and the horrors done to me as a young teen. How could I do this to others. I understand this is a gigantic explanation but I really need help. Again I can't conclusively say that it was real but it felt like it the more I think about it. I know my brother and his friend don't remember it but I feel like a pervert. I'm so afraid. I can t tell them without starting a literal war. I can't tell my parents. I told my aunt (who is 7 years older than me) vaguely what happened and she said just to put it down to a horribly I'll informed drunken/possibly drugged situation and move on and don't breath a word of it to anyone involved. I've never asked a question here before but I need to ask this. I'm so disgusted and horrified and honestly the only reason I haven't killed myself yet is because I have a very young toddler sibling with down syndrome who is essentially my best friend. I don't want my parents to be in a position to have to tell her in 15 - 20 years what happened to that older friend or brother who disappeared when she was a child. Again thanks for reading and sorry for the long question. I don't need joke answers. I need help. I'm verging suicidal and losing my mind. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you