I don't know what to doTo preface all of this, I've struggled with ADHD, OCD, and MDD my whole life. I never had structure of guidance on how to manage myself and follow through. I feel like I've faked my way through everything, and when I do try to seriously put effort in, I end up spinning my wheels and often failing worse. I'm currently going to a very expensive college, and I feel like I don't deserve to be there. I don't feel smart enough or capable enough, and I've been really struggling since I got here, and I'm in my senior year now and nothing is better and I can't do anything and none of my professors believe in me anymore and they all look at me like they don't want me to be there or like I'm an annoyance. They treat me as if I'm unreliable, which makes me panic and spiral and then I AM unreliable and I make everything worse. I feel like all the negative things people say about me are true. I feel like I can't do anything right. I've tried really hard to get better, but nothing ever sticks. I've been in therapy and taken medications and gotten an ADHD coach and I still can't do anything for myself. When I was barely scraping by and passing my classes I tried to push through, but now I've failed two classes and I just don't know if I have it in me to try again.  I know failing isn't horrible, but it proved to me that I haven't improved at all and that I am totally and completely hopeless. I failed the same class twice after the professors bent over backwards to help me and the class wasn't even difficult to begin with. If I fail again I'm going to be kicked out, and I feel so guilty that my parents have wasted money on my education and trying to get me help when I'm just a helpless idiot who can't do anything. I know people let care about me, and I know it will hurt them, but I don't know how I'm going to ever be able to function on my own and I don't want my parents or friends to waste any more time or money or effort on me when everything up until this point hasn't worked. I just feel so guilty and I hate myself for messing up so badly when all my parents have done is support me and try to give me the opportunity to succeed. I wish I could just flip a switch and have it all be over, but I know that if I tried to kill myself I'd just fuck that up too and then make even more problems for my family and cost them even more money. Im terrified how they'll react when they find out I've failed. I'm terrified of going back to school. I'm terrified of the future. I really don't know what to do. I feel like I'm trapped in my own head.