I have anxiety about my future. I've never been happy so why should I believe I ever will be?I'm a 22 year old college student. After a near emotional breakdown I decided to switch my major from Psychology to Accounting. The main reason for the switch was because I wanted to have some chance at a real job after school without getting a PhD. Recently I've been suffering from a great deal of anxiety and depression regarding my academic and professional future. I constantly worry that I may have made the wrong decision switching to Accounting. I worry that I won't have what it takes to finish my degree or that my social anxiety will inhibit me from making a good impression in interviews and I won't get a job after graduation. 

This fall I'll officially have spent 4 years in college and all I'll have to show for it is a useless Associate's Degree in Psychology and some debt. I'm still going to be looking at another 3 years in college before I'll have my BS in accounting which means I'll be 25 when I finally enter the real world and can finally start my life (assuming I don't fail any classes or have any major setbacks.) I'm still living at home with my parents because I don't make enough money at my shitty part-time job to have a place of my own and I honestly don't know if I could deal with working 30+hours a week, attending school full-time and living on my own. 

All my managers at my current job are around my age, married, and making enough to live comfortably. Sometimes I can't help but feel like such a loser compared to them. Not only that I feel like I'm missing out on life. I feel like by the time I finish my degree and (hopefully) get a job in my field my youth is going to be wasted. 

The worst part is I have no friends and I'm realizing that if at 22 I still have no friends then my social life will probably never improve. And honestly, what hurts the most is the only thing I really want in life is meaningful relationships. I want a group of real friends, I want a social life, I want somewhere to belong. What good is having a good career and a decent salary if you have no one to share it with? 

I've spent a lot of time recently thinking about my past. I realize that I've never really been happy in life. I was never particularly beautiful, I'm not particularly good at anything, I only had a handful of "friends" growing up. My so-called "friends" never really respected me and would always put me down or use me. I never felt like I belonged and I never felt like I could rely on them. During the latter half of high school I went from having shitty friends to no friends and that's pretty much how my life's been ever since. The problem with a lack of friends is 1.) even if you put yourself out there you can't make people like you and 2.) you can't openly talk about not having friends because it comes off as pathetic. 

The only relationship I have with anyone outside of my immediate family is my boyfriend of 6 years. I love him but sometimes I worry that we may not have a future together. There's things about myself that I haven't shared with him and I worry if he knew more about me he wouldn't love me. Besides that he and I don't share very much in common. I worry that we will have a boring and unfulfilled life together. 

All in all I feel like loneliness and school are causing me to piss away the best years of my life. I worry that I'm going to end up in a job I hate, with no friends, and nothing to look forward to. I've never been truly happy in life. Maybe I haven't always suffered from major depression but I've never been truly content. If this is all my life is going to be then what's the point of continuing to live? I'd rather die than be a failure and a pathetic loser that disappoints my family. 

I'm sorry for being so whiny and I'm sorry for the wall of text. If you've managed to read this far, thank you so much. I have no one else in the world that I can share these feelings with. 