Don't want to live broke.I'm not sure exactly how much longer I have until I run out of money, but it will probably be 2-3 months unless I can get help from my parents.  But if I should run out of money, I'm thinking that I would like to end my life.  A gun in my mouth would be too painful and there might be issues in trying to buy a gun.  I was thinking sleeping pills and alcohol.

I've been applying to tons of jobs but only get call backs on about 5% of them and none of them have offered me work.  I could probably keep a positive bank account working 40 hours at minimum wage or 20 at around double that but right now I have no income at all.  My unemployment checks stopped coming because the unemployment rate for the state I'm in dropped below a minimum (I figured I still had about 6 months of unemployment left over which I easily could have stretched out to 9 months if not longer).

I don't think I'll ever be rich but at least having money means I can live free, free to live my life the way I want and not be dependent on anything or anyone.  Being broke, I'll be a slave to something in order to get a meal, a shower, a place to go to the bathroom, and I don't want to live like a homeless person.  I'd rather die free than live as a slave.

My life has been interesting, not all fun and games, but I consider it so far successful.  The high point in my life financially was back in 2010 before I lost my job.  I think waiting until I go broke to commit suicide will be a good way to die.  I've thought about it for a couple days and it has brought me peace and a feeling of detachment from the rest of the world.

One problem I see is that I'd like to see my parents again and eat a meal with them but they live 4 and a half hours away by car.  I'd have to somehow convince them that I decided to spend 9 hours round trip and $40 on gas just to come see them.  Without a job, I don't see myself making it to Thanksgiving so that's out.  I could ask for money as an excuse to see them but I can do that over the phone.

That's what I've been thinking about.