You guys have probably seen tons of titles...BatmanSo, I'm going to give a little background, followed by what's prompted me to want to do this, and finish with my reasoning for it being beneficial.

I'm 23 and have an engineering degree, I make about 70k/yr (including traveling expenses, moving expense, and medical bills being paid for..it works out to netting 4k/month not counting bills/rent and stuff). I'm in debt by about 40k from school, and have never had a serious relationship (but this isn't whats prompting me to consider this, I actually quite enjoy being alone). I'm good at managing my money, I manage to get about 1500-1800/month towards debt.

My job requires me to maintain physical fitness, I injured my back about 10 months ago and have made little to no progress. If I don't get better in 4 months, I lose my job. Not to mention this injury has caused all my dreams to be out of reach due to the physical requirements of them. I find it quite frustrating that if I wasn't injured, I would be able to afford to take on my goals that required both strength and money. Losing my dreams is the biggest thing, I've always been a big dreamer and they've always been in reasonable reach. This is what makes me want to end it, this and the financial stress I'll be in if I lose my job.

The thing that's really making me consider it as a good option is I have a 470,000 life insurance policy. I keep looking at that and thinking "give this much to my mom, and the rest I'll give to my group of friends under the stipulation that they all have to be together and do something absolutely amazing and out of this world, if I can't achieve my goals of living an amazing life at least I'll give that opportunity to the ones I care about most". And on top of that I'm an organ donor so a part of me will live on in other people and hopefully give them the drive I've had my entire life.

I have the capability to do it at any point due to the medication I have for my back. I've felt worse than this before so I know I still have a reasonable amount of time before my contemplation turns into action. I'm just not seeing a way out of this and I want to see it so badly.