I'm definitely not going to do itI really don't think I'm going to do anything.  I just want a place to vent where people won't freak out

The last time i was here, someone ended up taking me to the hospital.  They did the usual stuff  A few hours later, and i would've died.  I don't think I'm going to do anything like that again, though.  Everything is so much better now.  Therapy is going well.  Lots of people tell me I'm doing so well.  They're so proud.  Lots of people love me, and they're not even messed up people.

I was smiling a little while ago.  A few days.  Or weeks.  Was that even real?  I can't tell if it was all a lie.  I remember it  It feels like it was fake, but sometimes i kinda feel disconnected between now and then.  I'm the girl behind the glass trapped in reality, and she's the fake girl who gets to smile and say she's happy because everything is so much better, and she's glad it didn't work.  It probably doesn't make sense, but I'm not her.  I hate her

I don't really have a diagnosis to justify how stupid i sound.  I have ptsd, and my therapist thinks there's some other stuff too that's a maybe, but i never really wanted to go there.  I don't understand when this stops.  I did the work . Idid my part.  Don't i get anything beyond being a better faker.  I just want to sleep without being woken up  i can't sleep, and I'm tired, and  i want it to be over.

I can't though.  Someone loves me, and im just going to hurt her anyway because I'm made of poison, and i can't stay because being with her reminds me of her, but not like this.  Or the people who were there last time, who stuck with me.  I can't but i want to.  I should though.  I'm so broken and so filthy I'm like a scotch tape and super glue girl, and everything even a little normal about me is something i had to rebuild and glue together.  She ruined me and I've tried so hard not to be but I've stayed ruined

Isn't it natural to want it, then?  To just want to burn it all away if it's just trash anyway.  I can't because i shouldn't waste a second chance most trash girls don't get, but i only got it under false pretenses anyway.  Nobody would have loved me if they knew how dirty i am from the start.  I'm so sorry.  You love me, but I'm not who you think i am.  That was someone else, and  I don't know how to be that girl.  I tried