Gradually thinking more and moreOn a throwaway, not surprising I'm sure.    
Ultimately I feel I need to just get this out.  I'm honestly not too concerned about advice (I can't imagine too much that can help anyway), but I really just want to be able to express my concerns openly and this seems the perfect place for it.    
To start with, I'm a sharp guy.  Always have been smart, I completely understand my pains and fully aware of their sources, their ways of being handled, and I've always felt I can't ask for help.  I've always been the go-to guy for everything.    
Right now, I'm torn about my emotional standing.  I'm currently in classes, in my third semester and currently in my mid 20's.  I feel disgusted that I waited so long and it hurts me even more that I can't work to handle money issues.    
As far as money issues, it's not all that complex.  I am married, my wife has a BA.  However she works for 3 hours a day, making a pittance.  We currently live with my mother.  I honestly find myself blaming my wife for these concerns about money and why we live with my mom now because she could easily get a full time job, but insists she can't find anything (she hasn't honestly looked in nearly a year now).  On the other hand, I desperately want to be the husband that "brings home the bacon" and she has expressed wanting to just be a housewife.  I'm happy with that idea, but we can't do that until I finish school.    
With at the very least another year left before I can get my AA, and another two for a BA (which is what I really want at least), it makes me feel like I'm not doing my duty for not handling the money issues by working myself, however I'm purposely taking a large amount of units to try to get my schooling done as soon as possible (for instance, this semester I'm at 19 units, 12 is the amount taken for full time status).  As it were, I could only hope to work part time on the weekends, leaving me no time for studies or recreation if I did.    
Ultimately I know I have no right to blame my wife, however I also realize I worked full time while she finished her degree.  A degree that has done practically nothing but land her into a few thousand dollars in debt.  Again, it's not fair for me to blame her about that, but I feel the strain for the result.    
Living with my mother wouldn't be so bad, except I resent my mother deeply.  She purposely mocks me in many ways and undermines much of what I'm trying to do.  She has more than once told me that I "should have said something" when I was younger and dropped out of college after high school.  She would have helped me.  Frankly I know this is complete bullshit.  She knew completely what I was doing back then and why I dropped out and refused to support me.  Even now she makes sure to constantly hound me about projects at home that she knows I can't take care of until at the earliest spring break and frustrates me with how much needs to be done.  Were that not enough, I know that when I have a chance to take care of these projects (and she knows when i'll be available), she won't have the money, instead spending it on garbage products from a catalog.    
I find myself constantly frustrated at home and at school.  I feel I have no close friends and for any type of discussion like this, I can't tell anyone near me.  I refuse to discuss any of this with my wife because she already has a good idea of what bothers me and knows there's nothing that can be done for the above.  I find myself wanting to make more "mature" friends than I often end up with at school so that I can have meaningful relationships, but at the same time I can't get over my own insecurities about approaching these sorts of people.  I don't like going out drinking, which is a popular activity here, and I feel that I would need to take that up if I wish to make friends with most people here.    
I recently expressed a concern to my wife about the rifle we have in the house.  A simple .22 squirrel rifle that my father had for a few decades.  It's sat in the corner of our back room for a while, resting in it's case.  I had it there because of a concern several months ago that a neighbor might get violent and just needed the peace of mind within reach.  I had loaded the gun with I believe a half dozen bullets (even though it can hold many more), the chamber left empty, but still ready to go with a single cock and removing of the safety.    
Not too long ago I had looked at the rifle and the thought occurred to me how easy it would be to just take the rifle, place it at my forehead, and pull the trigger.  How I could so simply end it.  At the time, I had no particular feeling of depression that I was aware of, but the vivid thoughts fed me.  As sick as it sounds typing it, it sounded delightful.  Absolutely delightful!  I didn't think about not having to deal with any responsibilities I didn't like or anything like that.  Instead I couldn't help thinking about the blood splatter and brain matter that would be plastered on the walls and how my wife or mother might react upon hearing the shot and coming into the room and seeing me there on the ground.    
I also felt deeply surprised and scared.  I've never felt so clearly interested in suicide in my life.  Even after some traumatic experiences in my younger years (my brother was killed when I was 14 and my father passed away from a second stroke a couple of years ago).  I can't help thinking that I'm honestly not suicidal, but at the same time I feel that I'm just denying it.  I've always believed that no one honestly wants to kill themselves.  They just have something in their lives that they don't want to live with anymore.  From there, I've always considered myself a fighter and not interested in just letting an issue pull me down.  And yet here I am, starting to feel worried about myself.    
    
Another thing to mention is I really don't know where to turn.  I feel that I'm keenly aware of my problems and a help line or some other source of help couldn't give me advice that I'm not fully aware that I should do already.  It seems like a waste of time to me, to the person(s) that have to hear me, and to even make myself get worked up over what should really be nothing.  As mentioned, I can't talk to my wife and I don't dare say a word to friends.  I have no family to talk to, other than my mother who would be the last person I'd ever discuss these matters with for the sake of my sanity.  If anyone could inadvertently drive me to suicide, it would be her.    
    
So really I don't know what I'm after here.  I felt I needed to just put it out there and there is definitely a level where I feel better after typing this all up.  These issues seem so petty now, yet I know they'll pop up again later to bother me.  I can't help thinking about one other thing.  I've seen my father cry.  It was one of the most devastating things I've seen in my life.  I felt that nothing could bring my father down, he stood so firm and in control of himself and others around him (even when I watched him not get his way and make a fool of himself often enough).  When I saw him cry, it crushed me for seeing what was a pillar of strength just crumble.  It's one of the main reasons I try my hardest to prevent anyone from ever seeing me cry.  I want to be a cornerstone for others and can't let them see I'm prone to crumbling as well.  It's probably a huge factor why I refuse to seek help.