A phone call can changeSorry for format, on mobile :)

This happened two months ago but I wanted to put it here...
Backstory:

My family has serious internal conflict, especially after my aunt's wedding - the aunt is deaf and muted as well as her husband - and at some point I was brought into the talk of inheritence. My grandmother had high hopes for me to take over her family company that does business on...let's say it's citronella stuffs like sprayers, essential oil,...and other natural health products.
 
Then came the story of conflict. My parents, as long as I could remember, didn't have that good a marriage. My mom almost succeeded with suiciding on her wedding night due to the pressure that my grandmother placed on her marrying my father.  They have a kid in 2002, which is me, and soon after they are separated due to working sites - my mom works in HR (Human Resources) in Hanoi while my dad is stuck at his local post in Phu Tho working as a electrician. When I was grade 2 (2009) my mom gave birth to my little brother and that's the year when I first knew how the divorce papers looks like. At the time I knew of the definition of the word due to a lot of reading (I am still a bookworm by now) and I was horrified, then secretly burnt away those papers. Despite the effort, the few consecutive years they appeared again and I did the same (until they were stored in mom's company laptop).

I was torn. I couldn't stand living apart from my dad for the first 8 years of my life, although he visited me weekly but only for a few hours of an afternoon, and the first memory of him moving into the house in Hanoi was him beating me up for breaking a dish, which I seldom do (until now I count 5 items broken).  I can't tell if he is physically abusive, because the practice of using whips or sticks to punish children is considered normal in a Vietnamese family, and is "education". Since then I am afraid every single time his voice has a rise in tone because I thought I was going to be beaten up again (for lying way too much for my bruises resulting from school bullies back then and covering up a few smaller things for my mom). In the recent years he starts calling me shit behind my mom's back, and cheated on my mom (which she forgave him a few years back) and now is showing signs of disloyalty to my mom, yet again. 

And on top of that, both families (dad's side and mom's side) resent each other, which reason I never knew. 

As the situation got tense through years, I discovered that I have Borderline Personality Disorder, and I'm high-functioning, yet I haven't consulted a psychologist due to the family beliefs of "Physical health matters, you were born with no flaws, as well as your mental." I had been suicidal since the age of 10 when I tried to kill myself by intentionally let myself fall while hanging on parallel bars in a bat pose, turned out I was fine but my lower half struggles to walk so I stayed home for the next day. In 3 years back happened 2 attempts, one of which I couldn't bring myself to slit my wrist . 

And the most recent one, two months ago, ended with a phone call from mom. I knitted a secured rope and hung myself. A minute in, I started choking and made no effort to get myself off from the loops, despite being way too painful. Then my mom called. I heard the custom ringtone, was in confusion if I just ignore this and die or I go pick it up to see if anything is urgent. 

I chose the latter. 

"Honey (my mom often calls me that since we are close) can you come pick me up? I got a present for you!" 

I didn't know what to answer my mom. A casual line would do, but I was choking on air and could only "Hmm" back. 

What would mom have done if she came home and saw me dead on the rope? The question pierced through me when I heard the ringtone. And I decided not to let her down, because she was the only one by my side til I was 8, who raised me and directed me in the right path the most. My dad never mattered in the story. He made my mom cry, miserable and drained. 

A phone call can change, maybe not entirely but even if just a momentarily relief, it mattered. 

Thank you for coming to my TedTalk ;)