I pushed away the best girl ive ever metSo abiut 5 years ago i got out of a terrible relationship and like any 21 year old i refused to date again i was simply hit and quit it... after about 2 years that life gets lonely. But i was fortunate that an amazing woman red hair beautiful smile and a smart mouth in a good way she could bust yoyr balls and make you laugh at the same.time and she was everything and then some. She was hard working liked to spoil me never experienced a woman like her she was amazing with my neice and was a good role.model doesnt do drugs smoke and doesnt drink... my polar oppostie at the time she got me clean hell she got me to trust again and for the first time.in my.life i experinced real.love genuine love and it felt so good. But..... one day with some friends i made a desicion that briught that to a hault i started doing hard drugs and kept it hid for a while but i stoped showing her attention and after countless pleas and crying for.love and affection she stayed for about a year of this before she finally left me and i realized what ide done. And she tells.me she still loves me but she isnt in love with me... who can blame her we didnt even have sex the last 2 months we were together she eneded up with a guy at work 1 night confessed it to.me and said it was a mistake all this and that she wanted to get over me.because im not changing and guys before anyones like she shouldnt have done that... mind you.i hadnt laid down with here.in months let alone have sex she stayed a whole year with no love or attention and had enough! But she is in my.life rn we broke up a .knth ago we still spend time together but we do our own things. Rn im in this situation where i lost my drive my ambition hell i.lsot my.power over my life and as of rn i spend about 20 mins a day looming at our anniversary picture and think about how.i didnt even buy her a bday presnt or christmas presnt the last year we were together mean while.she bought me.a fuckin car. I mean man when i tell you this girl.fucmin loved me.man she fucming loved me and showed it! And i just took it for granted and now shes gone. So like i said i sit here every day just trying to find reasons to keep pushing. Im a felon now.no ged and cant even join the army. I ahve zero prospects. The part that tears me.up is i was so toxic for her and i know it. Every part of.me.wants her back but im.just this anchor holding her back and i need to let her go but i cant imagine life without her i im not so good at telling stories if you cant tell but the jist is im the guy who found the girl.of his dreams and pissed it away for drugs and now.im.sitting her with a 45. To my temple for about 20 mins a day looking at the good times. I need help hut i have nobody my parents left when i was young my grandparents are gone its just me in an empty house with memories everywhere... has anyone else made it through this. How what did you do besides the drugs for peace of.mind i need to get away from this girl.before i ruin her life but i feel like taking mine i n the process