I wish less people cared about me. It would make disappearing easierI could rant all day about this, but I’ll keep it relatively short.

I’m a 22, almost 23, yo male college student. I’ve dealt with depression for about 8-9 years, have been self harming for the past 6 years, and attempted suicide twice.

The purpose of life to me is to help society flourish and advance in someway. However I don’t feel like I can do that. I feel like everything I do and say is a mistake. I feel worthless; a waste of time, effort, money. I feel so hallow. My days are drawn out with fake smiles and empty emotions. My nights are sleepless, because I’m lost in my thoughts. Even when I do sleep, I’m plagued by nightmares which play back all my insecurities. The only thing that quiets my mind is alcohol. The only thing that proves that I’m still alive is cutting myself. However, even those are starting to become numb. I get drunk but I’m still lost in my thoughts. I cut deeper, stitch, and cauterize my wounds, but I don’t feel anything. I don’t know how much longer I can keep fighting this fight.

I have shared this with my close friends and family. They understand and support me, but don’t try to bombard me about it. I’m grateful that they don’t because there is nothing that can be said or done to change how I feel. If anything, I would be annoyed if they made a big deal about it. Instead they help out by being there for me. 

Everything is casual with my friends. We study, joke around, and hang out; you know, normal stuff. However when they see that I’m having a tough day, they allow me to rant. They’re there to listen to what I have to say. They don’t judge me. They don’t make it into a competition by saying that they or someone else has it worse. They just listen. 

It’s similar with my family too. They obviously treated me differently the first time they found out. They wanted to force me into a mental institution, see a therapist, and take meds. I talked them down into just taking the meds. I tried therapy for a while but it doesn’t help. Now, everything is normal. I talk to them every now and then about school and personal life. They do their best to support me. They tell me that no matter what happens, they’re proud of me and they will support my choices. 

Even people who don’t know about my depression are kind to me. That’s kind of a big deal to me because I feel like sometimes my friends are only their for me because they feel obligated. However if another person is kind to me and is willing to listen to me, it shows that they actually care. I know many people who genuinely care about me and my well being... I hate it.

I wish people hated me. I wish no one cared about me or loved me. I wish I was forgotten and ignored. It would make disappearing so much easier if that were true. I died a long time ago. I have not been living for myself since my first suicide attempt. I’m only alive for everyone else. It’s a dangerous way to live because there will be a point where life builds up so much that I will abandon everyone and everything. I already know that I will kill myself one day, and I know how to do it so no one will ever find my body. Until that day comes, I will continue living for everyone else.