There's literally nothing for me here anymore.Pretty sure no one will read this bullshit, but I need at least the illusion of venting to someone. I have no one to talk about this with irl.


I can't enjoy anything. I lost all of my hobbies, friends, joy in life. Nothing I pick up makes me happy, not even simple little things, like a bath or taking care of a plant. I can't remember when I last felt a positive emotion. 

The only thing that I can really say I want to come true is literally impossible. And I don't mean "I'm not sure if I can achieve this, I'm too weak for this" kind of impossible, but rather "suddenly gaining an ability to shapeshift into a chicken" kind. There isn't anything I can do to even come one step closer to that goal.


I'm only alive for the sake of others. I'm not sure if anyone would even miss me, but I can't leave my dogs alone and I can't cause that kind of trauma to my mom, at the very least. So I keep trying, but I'm getting really fucking tired of it. This has been going on for so long and nothing helps. The whole situation just keeps getting worse, because I get my hopes up a little only for them to be stomped into the ground every time. In fact, I don't have any left. If it wasn't for my poor mom dragging me to pointless therapy sessions, I would give up on trying to get any help altogether, because I just can't believe there is any. 


And this is really selfish, but I don't know if I can go on like this anymore. I'm unfortunately not a selfless person who can find happiness in living for others. I'm hanging by a thread. It breaks my heart, but I know that soon this won't be enough to keep me here anymore. It really feels like I was born to kill myself, some kind of fate, I don't know. I don't know why this is happening. I tried really hard, I reached out, I got help, but it never got any better. The world has gradually lost all color to me and it's not coming back. 


I don't know what to do. I don't want this pain anymore. I just want to close my eyes and stop feeling, forever.