I think I might do it soon?I thought I'd learned not to, but I'm really seriously considering it again. I've tried about four times in the past year and I've never had that "I'm so glad I didn't succeed!" moment that I've seen a lot of others have. The last time I tried was Jan. 26, and since then I've tried to be all positive and recovery-oriented and shit, but I never really felt it all that much and I'm feeling it less and less now. I've come really close a few times since then, including once when I was actually sitting on the edge of an eight-story parking garage, but I haven't followed through.

It just feels so pointless. I've been hospitalized six times since last October--six! They always keep me a long time, too, since they say I'm a really severe case, and all together I've spent about two months in the hospital. Two months sitting and coloring and shuffling around from therapy group to therapy group, and I'm still not better. It helps, but I always lose that recovery momentum once I'm out.

I feel like a huge failure. Everyone thought I was going to do something great. I was 1st in my high school class of 600 and I got a really competitive scholarship that covered everything for college. They only give a few per year and you're expected to really do something with it. They were happy with me at first--I studied hard and took summer classes in foreign countries and everything they expect, but I always felt like a huge fraud and now it's obvious. While the other fellows in my year spent this past year, our senior year, doing important projects and getting accepted to impressive grad programs, I spent mine in the psych ward. I didn't even graduate in the end. I still plan on finishing--it would only be a few more classes--but lately I don't see the point. I just don't like life and I'm not any good at it either.

I don't think the people who know me best would be too surprised if I died. The doctor at the hospital even told my parents he doesn't expect me to live through 2013.

I want to find a reason to keep living, because that's what people are supposed to do, right? I don't even really want to kill myself--what I'd really like is some kind of fatal accident so I don't have to do it myself. Or a stroke or heart attack--supposedly I have an eating disorder and they tell me my heart is in a lot of danger, trying to scare me into eating normally again, but I really don't care. I can feel my heart going wonky every so often, and I hope that it's finally going to kill me.

I'm not doing it tonight or anything (hey, I'm looking forward to Arrested Development in a few days), but I think it might be soon. I've got a plan, but then since I was about 16 I've always had a plan. Maybe I'll find a reason to keep going in the next few days, though. I hope so.