This is, most probably, a goodbye.Typing this up, it makes me wonder how I even made it to age 15. A young woman, so genuinely abberant it's utterly disgusting. A degenerate like me should've never seen the light of day. I am an anomalous result in a science experiment, which unlike most studies performed by the greater minds is quite the opposite of formal- if there is a God, which I highly doubt, he must've swayed between amused and disgusted any time he acknowledged my existence. As egoistical as it sounds, I do think that He would've known about my presence on this earth- after all, I must be his favorite clown, and my life must be the most tragically comical pantomime.

I do not think I am a bad person. I am just a tired one. A 'gifted' child, burdened with scholarships, never ending IQ tests, and expectations; ones that I loathe like no other. With two parents, one a genuinely disgusting failure feeding off of his parents' bank account like a hound with insatiable hunger, and the other a mentally unstable model, who believes I am her personal secretary, financial aid, and cheerleader (by obligation and now personal will, of course). All this... it's tiring. Just exhausting, really. I have been living with both mental and neurological illnesses for most of my life (many people even assume my intellect stems from them- after all, no pain no gain, and all this 'depression' must be just growing pains, essentially). I speak 7 languages, but not in a single one can I express how much agony I truly feel watching the sun rise and set- a reminder that life goes on while I suffer is as disgusting as it is egoistical- I like to think I am the main character in my own story, but alas, it seems the tale of me has lost its only narrator in the splashes of ink upon the tattered pages. Not that anyone would care, though, as the narrator was an unreliable little thing anyway.

I think I have reached my limit. I don't want to describe the extent of my problems on here, as there'd be just too much to explore and explain, but all I can say it really is a lot. And 'a lot' doesn't even say much in the context that I'm drowning in.

I don't want to be alive anymore. 

Yes, there are still things in life that I enjoy, yet my entire life has been a giant emotional roller coaster. It's exhausting and I'm tired of the back and forth between "normal" and "depressed". The past few weeks, I noticed that I'm in the dark a lot. I couldn't bring myself to go to school, and therefore got beat up, physically and emotionally, by my dearest familia. They've ingrained the belief that I'm nothing into my head, and now as it plays on loop like a hellspawn gramophone, I realize I can't even take care of my basic needs like eating or keeping myself in an adequately clean state, let alone keeping my quarters tidy. It's an obstacle course. It's like I inhabit a dumpster site.

As I type this, I can't seem to figure on thing out, though- I don’t know whether it’s everyone around me that I want to kill or just myself. Having an undiagnosed antisocial personality disorder (which, oh trust me, I have- it's just illegal for me to obtain a proper diagnosis for it being a minor) really messes with me sometimes, and I can't figure whether I long for homicide or suicide to be the main even in my book of life.

In all honesty? I don't know why I'm typing all this. I think I'm beyond help. Antidepressants, shrinks, endless hospitalizations for being high risk... Not much more can be done- it's all gone to the point where I deem it hilarious.

I'd very much prefer to have never existed. I never fail to see life as nothing more than a rat-race set up to obtain the necessities for survival. In my eyes, suicide is a beautiful escape from the hopeless game we're all playing- it's a loss, yes, but one so brave I consider it a winning move.

I've never deemed myself to be any sort of 'winner' in this life... But, maybe, the time has come for me to finally succeed at one act of pathos in this measly life I've been leading.