My Story.I've literally just joined Reddit and decided to more or less myfirst post/comment, (from r/survivorsofabuse), here.  I'm using it because I'm not sure whether I have the energy to type something new.  I'll probably add a little more here and there though.

I was groomed when I was 15.  I had just finished my GCSEs (poorly), whilst struggling with a drug addict parent.  This parent would often go missing for 24 hours, act erratically and let me and the other parent down.  Thanks to a rather several severe alterations during the few months prior/during my exams, I lost faith in myself and began struggling to cope.  I was weak, I know.  (My A Levels went more or less the same way).  I began blaming myself for this parents problems, thanks to said alterations.  And so began my fall as a human.

I met Him during our family vacation to Australia.  It lasted throughout my stay and after I left (thanks to the internet).  I knew I was being groomed and I allowed it to happen - I was pretty depressed and felt ugly/alone/unloved - (even though part of me knew I wasn't alone or unloved) - with Him I felt loved/sexy, so I let it him break me down.  Then he just left me.  So I started seeking out other men like Him.  Overtime I began to associate abuse with love/attraction.  The more abusive they were, the more beautiful/the more loved I felt.  

Time passed and I fell even further.  I encountered men who enjoyed treating me like an 'object', a 'faggot', a 'sand nigger', a slave.  I soon found out that these men  were the most abusive.  So I actively started searching for men with that mindset.  Soon I began to believe that I was nothing, just like they all told me.  I found myself subjecting my mind/body to repulsive/humiliating acts, because I wanted to please them.  Because I wanted to be loved.  Because to me abuse was love.  Because the abuse meant I was attractive.  When I hit my 18th birthday I realised I had lost the ability to feel.  I have forgotten what true happiness feels like.  I have virtually no patience, very little empathy and effectively understanding of human emotions.  Thankfully I learnt how to fake it.  I put on a mask in front of everyone.  I'm now that 'bubbly, crazy guy'.  Every so often the mask cracks and my true nature is revealed.  But I'm good at brushing over it;  manipulating people to ignore it;  manipulating them to do what I want.  I also began seducing women - I was desperate to form a REAL connection - to feel REAL love.   

Now I'm nearly 19, and I've been abused by so many men I've lost count.  I've slept with so many women I've lost count.  I now hate children and find myself repulsed by their innocence.  Yet a tiny part of me does want a beautiful wife and even maybe children...one day.  But deep down I know that's never gonna happen.  I know I'm going to die unloved and alone.  

Right now, as I look in the mirror, I don't recognise myself.  I have no hobbies, no interests and usually very few emotions.  Once in a blue moon I do feel - I feel everything all at once.  And then I'll be exhausted and depressed for a while, until the circle restarts.  If I'm honest, today is one of those days.  

I cut myself because I have no control over anything in my life.  I can't control my need to be hurt, which is still there, bubbling under the surface.  Sometimes, I think to myself, 'Find another Alpha to worship;  you deserve to be broken/abused by a real man - it's why you were born'.  

I know I'm pathetic, weak and undeserving.  I know I shouldn't be posting here, because I should be seen and not heard.  I know what I've 'gone through' is nothing compared to what other people endure.  I'm sorry if my post and my weakness angers you.  I'm sorry that what I've been going on about for ages is nothing.  I know I should stay in my lane and shut up but I just can't.   It's like there's a little voice inside of that's screaming to be heard - it wants this all to stop.  I'm exhausted.  I can't keep living like this, even though the other voice, the one begging to be abused, is getting louder.  I feel like there's only one option and that is Death.  I mean isn't Death just the finish line?  The one we've been running to since birth? 

Admitting that doesn't scare/upset me.  What does is that I feel like Death is the only logical/pragmatic solution.  One less stain on the Earth.  One less failure of a son/grandson/brother.  The only way to know and feel true Peace and Purpose.  As I've been whining to all of you, I've begun to realise that this post is meant to be my 'note' to society.  Not that anyone should care.  You all have better things to do that are more deserving of your time.  I'm just being selfish as usual.  Using people for my own sick gain.  I'm sorry if you've read this and you want to kill me yourself.  I really am.