thanks for the abusesitting on the station dissociated unable to go home. my partner of 3.5yrs pushed me into a stack of moving boxes with a hard push to my chest making me fall, they came aftee me with a raised knife when i pleaded they not hurt themself. they once again told me they hate life with me and wish they were alone. they said their long standing sleep issues were my fault bc the other night they stayed up with me when i was feeling bad. the other day i also found out they've been lying about sex and so my trust in them was already greatly diminished. i now no longer trust them with anything. you don't harm someone physically or threaten them with a raised knife (and them pity yourself that they now fear you) if you actually love someone. you don't lie about sex and you don't repeatedly tell someone you wish you didn't have feelings for them so you could leave them without issue if you actually do love them. you don't blame your issues on someone especially one who wasn't even in the picture for years after your issues started developing. and if you by some really screwed up coincidence actually do these things anyway, you don't brush it off saying you "just pushed" them and it's not your fault that made them fall, you don't coop up pitying yourself that the other person is scared of you and avoiding you out of fear, you don't justify your own actions and ignore the seriousness in you just having hurt and threatened your partners life. not if you fucking """love""" them.

i will never trust anyone again. never let anyone in. no one can touch me again and i will never ask for anything from anyone again. i will never let anyone see me vulnerable again.

and you? you say you want to die. so do i. i want to fucking rip my own lungs out. but while you're at home feeling sorry for yourself and texting me nonstop asking me to pick up food i'm the one out in the cold wondering where the fuck i'm supposed to sleep tonight and if it's even worth getting a hotel room instead of jumping into the ocean.

i don't love you anymore. you snuffed out the last flicker of light i held for you tonight. i wasted 3.5 years on a selfish abusive piece of shit and the saddest part is *i didn't deserve any better.* i have never deserved anything but pain.