My friends have abandoned meI know. It's all my fault isn't it? But I can't control myself  


In my last post on this subreddit, I said that I had anger issues I couldn't control. It's gotten worse with the fights on our Discord server I don't start. My so called "friends" insult everything I do, badmouthing me behind my back. And they call me the hypocrite. Does this make them any better?  


I get it. I hurt people too much. It's not me hurting them mentally, because I can't control myself anymore. Anything can set me off, and being banned from the server helped a lot. When I saw them make fun of my attempts to change (I had been trying for a year and a half, made two great friends and had fun writing stories together), saying "Her method of "trying" Is like a fat guy curling one rep per month and expecting for a change."  


And that was coming from someone who stopped being friends with me for five years. He apparently knows what I've been trying to do.  


There's two friends I can trust. One has been through what I'm going through. I trust her completely, ranting when I need to and getting help from her. Slowly, this dark side of me is cracking.   


However, I'm still confused as to why they want me to feel remorse. They started an argument with me??? They knew full well this would end with me lashing out, but they continued pushing. When it was over, I didn't even know what I did, and I'm just confused as to what I've done. Nobody has told me anything, I'm going through my old screenshots of them badmouthing me, but it still doesn't answer my question.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm still holding on to that hope that there's someone out there that can help me with this. But it's such a selfish thought, thinking someone would help me. That's what they think. My hypocritical "friends" who claim to care, but yet start arguments with me, and now hate me to hell.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm too scared to suicide, but I've already started thinking on ways to do it. Is there still hope for me in this life, or is it gone?