Don't know how handle this?Wrote this in a hurry, my bad for the spellings n shit.

So, to start off, I'll just mention I have cripling anxiety at the minute. And this didn't help my situation at all.

A while back, me and this guy used to be close. And he liked me(told me). I don't know why i did it, I guess I was kinda jolly but I went and told a few of my friends. Baring in mind, I was pretty confident back then.

A LOT of awful things happened over the next few months after that(not to do with him)and my anxiety was unspeakably bad. We had grown apart(probably due to me being so awkward and distant)but we didn't hate eachother. Then today in school him and his friends randomly came in and started shouting to me 'is it true you told everyone __ fancied you' and I was just taken aback but was like 'no' (baring in mind me telling people about it happened in year 9 and im in year 10 now). I know I shouldn't have said anything, but it wasn't like I meant it to hurt him. Anyway he was saying things like 'ew why would I like her, why make up a rumour about me you tragic bitch we know you're desperate'. I was pretty anxious that morning and everyone shouting to me brought on a huge panic attack. When I get them, I get them bad. I can barely function and can't even string a sentence together. I was trying to deny it when I just really wanted to call him out for bullshitting about it. What I said made it even worse. My brain flipped and made me think of things i SHOULDNT say to make the situation worse and I ended up saying them. Then he started taking the mick out of my hair and what I looked like in front of the whole class. And to make it worse, his squad joined in and started laughing. Even one of his friends, who I kinda had a thing with. That fucking hurt. My 'friend' was laughing too. He just basically made out I was desperate for him, and thanks tomy fucking anxiety, I froze and couldn't say anything to defend myself. So people do think that. My anxiety probably made this so much fucking worse. It sucks because I'm friends with everyone in that squad. Now they just think I'm fucking desperate. 


This sounds so fucking childish, but it was awful at the fucking time. I'm already facing huge issues. I don't need any more. People already think I'm weird, fake and slutty. This didn't help. I just don't know how to face them tomorrow. They're in most of my lessons. And I have to sit next to the guy in my lessons for 3 of them. I just feel so embarrassed. I really like him, and i feel like he just thinks I'm a fucking loser. Help, please.