Done with life i want to end it but im too much of a fucking pussyI would cut contact with my family but cant because im too young. I that Indian culture is all about family and pride. I dont know if im depressed or just being a fucking idiot. I have goals and aspirations but the more time goes on  i feel like im moving further away from them. My parents forced religion on me and i cant take it. I cant type this without hating myself because i feel like i just sound so much like an ungrateful and privileged cunt. People kill themselves over actual problems and I’m here complaining about small problems other people somehow manage to deal with. 

School isnt going well either. Stress from exams is too much. I have good friends and have laughs and all that, i feel happy when im not home and with friends but it seems all seems so futile and irrelevant when i feel depressed and sad at home. I always end up asking myself, “whats the point in living if im my life is going to be like this?”. 

I only have big arguments with my parents like every 3 months or so, but it hurts me so much on the inside that i feel depressed for the next week. I like to play videogames and watch tv to escape this feeling. I know i waste too much time sometimes and im trying to fix that, im trying to study more. But they dont see that, so they take away everything. All they see is a device, but thats all my livelihood. Everything nowadays is reliant on them. Without it i just lie on my bed, theres no one and nothing else for me to interact with. 

My family is so unstable, theres always some argument everyday but they like to pretend we’re normal. They don’t understand me at all and that’s probably the worst part. All my dad has ever done for me is provide, he was never actually there. Sure he makes a lot of money, but i couldnt give a shit if he made 10k a year because we’re not an actual family. All he ever does is compare his self at my age to me. “When i was your age i wasnt fat like you”. My mum is much better, they’re just so backwards. Parenting isnt for them. With indian culture parents are basically seen as gods and you have to live with them if you are the boy. Realistically, i wouldnt be able to cut contact with my family just because its so fucking big. I’ve read other peoples posts and now that ive nearly finished typing this i feel like such a ungrateful inconsiderate bitch, everyone else is much internally stronger. I thought i was as well, im normally really chill, but i bottle everything and sometimes i just burst. Now that I’ve nearly finished typing this i cant decide if i want to kill myself, and even if i did im probably too scared to do it. 