I have every intention of drowning myself within the next 24 hours.I have had a long history of depression, recently amplified by severe anxiety, loneliness and several bouts of homelessness, which is currently ongoing. I’ve had very little contact with many people for the past year or so, and zero of them have been what I would consider ‘friends’. For a while I’ve considered the closest thing I’ve had to an actual human being who cared if I lived or died, the closest thing I’ve had to a ‘friend’, has been someone I’ve been penpals with for about 6 years. She was the only person outside of Reddit who wished me a happy birthday a couple of months ago. For about half a decade, I’ve wanted to meet this person to hang out, even just for a couple of minutes, and so finally we make plans to. We’ve had vague plans since January, and solidified these plans of me coming to their country and town today about a couple weeks ago. So I make the journey, spending literally all the money I have on tickets, to get to their town. About an hour from when we were gonna meet, they text me “I can’t meet you today, I’m ill.” And… I message back only to be ignored. I just, I guess I’ve been running on 1% for such a long time, but now I’ve finally hit 0%, total deflation. I’m in a strange country, in a town I’m completely unfamiliar with (Hove/Brighton?, England), homeless, no clue what the hell to do. And the one person in all the world I thought actually cared about me, can’t give me a hand. I mean, sure they’re probably just ill, I’m probably overthinking this, but… It’s really making me come to my senses about how lonely I am. This is the only friend I have, and they can’t do any more than let me know ONE HOUR before we were going to meet? They couldn’t have told me in the morning, sparing me from travelling all the way here? I mean, I was still paying for the travel which has crippled me, and yeah, that was pretty dumb, but I really thought actually seeing a person who considered themselves my friend, even for just 5 minutes would be worth all the money in the world. Besides, the main reason I was going now was because of how depressed and suicidal they were, and I just wanted to cheer them up. They have a million friends, and literally everyone of the opposite sex trying to charm their way up this person’s ass. I haate myself for being bitter that someone who has everything that would leave me content with life,  yet wouldn’t bother giving me the common decency of cancelling at a reasonable time. 


I can’t do this any more. I’m empty. I’ve got nothing. I only ever wanted to help people, and my life is stagnant and pointless. I wish you all the very best of luck, but for me, it’s over. I don’t know how to get home, I’m lonely, I’m tired, I’m hungry, I’m hopeless, and feeling like it’d be more efficient to just alleviate those problems from my life by just ending it. The number of people who would miss me has truly hit 0, so I see no problems with taking the quick and easy road. Goodbye and goodnight. Later nerds.
