I'm afraid I no longer have control of my life.I've already posted here once before and I am because it was beneficial and I developed a friendship that helped me through it.

Basically what has happened is that I have been depressed for years. Since then, I got involved with an amazing girlfriend. She was so beautiful, nice, sweet, perfect. We'd been together for over two years and she recently moved to Australia and dumped me because of my depression and anxiety.

This was a couple weeks ago now, I have since stopped talking to her and we are no longer friends. I think I took the high road by being nice with her throughout despite feeling hurt. 
I miss her so much though. She broke my heart and I don't think I can ever take her back, but I miss what we had.

Things have been going well for me lately. I'm in university and I got a scholarship, I got approved to do an international exchange in Europe (I'm from Canada), and I got a co op job for the summer. 
Not only that, I've been seeking help for my depression and I have anxiety drugs.

Yet I feel like my life is no longer in my control. The problem is: I can be a somewhat impulsive person. I see these anxiety drugs and think 'I could take 30 of them in 2 swallows. My misery will be all over.'

Now I'm fighting an internal battle. I know that I could end it in an instant. I've wanted to commit suicide before but now the opportunity has really presented itself. I could kill myself in 10 the decisionmaking of 10 seconds.
I'm afraid that I no longer control my life and the demons inside me that want it to be over will prevail.

I used to think of my life in the next 5 - 10 years. Now I don't know if I will be alive in a week. I have started saying my goodbyes, getting some closure, I'm thinking of taking a flight to northern Canada in a few weeks because I've always wanted to go up there.
I'm really starting to rush through some of my bucket list and I think that I've accepted that my life is done. I don't know where to turn or what I can do. Please Help.