Sometimes, there's no way outI was never a good student, also I always hated school. When I was in elementary school, I remember crying literally every time during first grade when I went to school, I absolutely HATE it. It's the worst fucking thing a person has to do. I love learning new things and applying them in the real world but I don't like school, I'm just not good at it. My grades were always terrible during 1st to 12th, I was always a mediocre student, I never got the grades my parents and teachers told me "I had the potential to". And now what? I somehow slipped through the cracks and found myself in college because I had no fucking choice. I mean, I had, but literally everyone told me it was the best way to get a job and that "it would be the best time of my life. I would get a girlfriend and studying would be awesome". Being the idiotic loser I am, I believed, and instead could have gone to a trade school and gotten something way better out of my life. I would probably have a girlfriend, a house, a car and a way bigger level of happiness if I chose something that "wouldn't get me a better job than college". But now here I am: lonely, getting horrible grades like never before and literally no will to live.

I also never had a girlfriend. I watched as all my friends got into and out of relationships, while I remained alone. Lately, all my dreams are about being with a girl, cuddling and kissing her. My mood dies when this happens. I think about this literally every second, even when I'm drunk as shit...

I had something with a girl last summer. I had sort of a crush on her, she was so cute and so pixie. I never though she'd turn out to like me in return, but she did. One month later after we started our little "thing", she told me she never liked me in return and still loved her ex and well... here I am.

I'm dying inside with each passing day. My life is empty, and no matter how much friends and good momentos I have, there's always something missing, and the only thing I can do is dream about it and cry myself to sleep almost every night because of it.

My godmother died of cancer six months ago. I still remember watching her final moments of life: she was physically destroyed by the disease, she look like a mummy, it was horrifying... Even though I wasn't too distraught by that(I've seen way worse stuff in my life), I vividly remember her physical aspect and how much she suffered. If someone read this they would feel sorry for me because of the sadness I endured, but I never felt sadness. The only thing I felt after seeing her bed-ridden was envy. All I thought about was "why the fuck didn't I get cancer instead of her? She was so happy with her life, she had the biggest joi de vivre I've ever seen in someone. We don't deserve this, she doesn't deserve to die while I don't deserve to live. WHY!?". Six months have passed and I still think like that, my life is literally the same pit of despair it has always been...

My point: why do people always complain when people want to kill themselves? You do know that not everyone is cut out for this world, right? You know that not every one has a reason to live, don't you? If someone tried literally everything and their life isn't getting any better, why the fuck would they continue to live!? Just because someone will feel sad for a while? So, basically, you're saying that we should live out the rest of a life of pure sadness and suffering just because someone will have to go through the (temporary) grieving process? For fuck's sake, we should let our shitty lives be shitty just because of someone!? Fuck you, seriously...

TL;DR: pure definition of "loser", can't get a girlfriend because I'm naturally off-putting, horrible student, don't want to live anymore because my life was always like this and it will never get better, want to have cancer but don't want to suffer, want to shoot myself but I don't have a weapon. I think it's fucking stupid not wanting someone to kill themselves because you can't stand being sad for a while.