I’m so tired...I’m so tired. Of everything. I’m tired of feeling this way. I’m tired of being the burden. I think about just ending it, every day. Spend my free time looking up what in my medicine cabinet will get it done quicker. 
And then I look at my dog. Who wouldn’t understand why I didn’t wake up. And I think about my friends, who will never have their 4th party member on our games, and would forever have to deal with a rando. I think about my dad, who would have to come home to an empty drive way, a quiet home. I think about how my best friend promised me he wouldn’t attend my funeral if I killed myself. All of that should be enough to snap me out of it, bring me back to reality, if even just for a moment. But it’s not. 

I try to look at myself in this different light. Try to improve myself. I go to the gym constantly, trying to reshape everything. Just to get disgusted and impatient. I try to look at the brighter side of things, smile more often, but I fucking can’t. I write, a lot. I write all sorts of shit. Poetry, mostly. For a minute it was helping, made a video and everything, submitted to a contest. But after a while, it just started to feel like a chore. 

And I get this all just seems like the ramblings of some sad fuckin dude, but I don’t know what else to do. I can’t go back to the hospital, no matter how much I want to. I can’t talk to anyone about it because I know I already make them uncomfortable, so I don’t want to bring up suicide over morning coffee. 

I’m terrified to get close to someone, try to be in a relationship. I’m terrified to have kids on the chance of passing along my fucking genes. I’m at the end of my rope, and as edgy as this is going to be to say, that rope is slowly starting to materialize. I don’t want it to. 
I don’t know why I’m even posting this. 

I’m tired of crying every night before bed. Tired of crying when I wake up. Tired of crying in the fucking shower. Tired of putting on the mask that I’m okay when I get to work. I’m just...fucking tired. 

And I’m sorry.