God I miss my dad.# I feel so lonely. 

I just hope that somebody reads this and actually remembers me, also not a throwaway because I actually hope someone finds this and starts to take me seriously.

I've felt like an absolute burden the entire year and I think I've reached the end. I think my entire family wants me dead anyway. The only thing I can still think about happily are the holidays my father would take us somewhere. I remember how happy I used to be, the incredible experiences we shared and the music he'd listen to after our family broke apart. All I have now is a lying, cheating mother that suddenly wants me close again and a makeshift "family" I feel hates me. The last time I tried to reach out about my suicidal thoughts, I got yelled at and made fun of. 

I haven't gotten a good night's rest since my dad passed. It happened at the beginning of 2017. 

I keep getting these terrifying dreams about death, usually involving me dying and my father trying to help me and reach out to me, as if he's a silent spectator that can merely observe me. I can't think straight anymore and I'm sorry if I'm just rambling, but I can't take it. I have so much to say to my family about how they're treating me, but I don't want to because I know it'll just end up in a horrible fight with me secretly downing what's left of my entire prescription of anxiety meds again, just hovering over the crap-infested toilet waiting for my body to finally cave in while I spasm.

A year ago, I lived almost the perfect life, but I've had to downgrade severely after my dad obviously wasn't around to pay my living expenses anymore. I just want those days back again, the ones where I'd wake up on a peacefully warm Saturday morning in a nice, large house to my dad watching some western in our living room downstairs with a fresh cup of black coffee, he'd invite me to have a seat and I'd talk about some stupid new fad that he probably didn't understand in hindsight, but he'd happily listen because he actually liked talking to me.

These days, I'm lucky if I even get to school on time, even though I've literally tried to off myself from being late almost every morning. I understand that I can't expect my older brother to be the pinnacle of responsibility, but I can't take it anymore. He's almost not ready for kids, let alone two of them, but I can't speak up about it.

I just can't do it.

I've become lazy. I used to wake up every morning at exactly 4am to a peaceful sunrise, but I don't see a point in doing anything anymore when I'm too scared to confront my brother about the constant fucking fighting. It's 2 in the morning and I don't want to take it anymore. All I do is play video games and pretend to improve other aspects of my life when I'm scared that I won't achieve what I want anyway.

I just want my fucking life back. I just want to be happy again with a life where I could just relax, be happy and actually make a real difference.

I once want(ed) to become an art director, maybe some sort of narrative writer, but I don't have passion or ambition anymore. I had such a strong passion for the arts once, but I just don't see myself going anywhere. I just want help. I want to be happy. I almost get jealous when I take a look at someone successful because I know that I could never reach anything like that anymore. I promised my dad that I'd grow up to have a good life, but I'm too scared to make that move now.

I just want that pure happiness that I used to have around my dad.

I'm not even going to bother to properly edit this when I probably won't come back to this again. Thanks for actually taking the time to read a snippet of the shit in my life. I mean, jesus, I'm not even a proper teenager yet and so much bullshit has happened to me. My dad dying horribly is just the fucking cherry on top though. I literally only have like, one real family member left, and I'm scared that he thinks that I'm an unappreciative, needy bitch.

I think tonight's the night that I try again.