I'm literally bored of being alive and I don't want to do anythingFirst things first

I'm 15 years old, and at least try not to tell me "YOU'RE 15 YOU HAVE sooooO mUCH to LiVEe for!!1" please. It's stupid.

Don't tell me it gets better. It doesn't. I've been waiting about 10 years for anything to get better. Then I realized you just get used to the bullshit when you become an adult.

I'm bored of being alive. I sit inside all day some days and just play games I don't enjoy, or I might go outside and ride my bike for 8 hours straight. I don't enjoy that either. School is boring and pointless. I learn nothing due to severe ADHD.

I just bike if I'm sick of a game or something. I'm 5'10" and weigh 196 lbs atm, a month ago I was 240. I guess that's cool. My town is small and it's a peninsula, so I've seen everything there is to see. Nothing to do in the town either. It's just street and house. Nothing more.

I do high school online. On my computer. Think homeschooling but my mother is out smoking weed all day or doing what she's doing, and my website is the teacher. I don't like other students or people my age due to being fucked with my entire life in actual physical school, and then being kindly asked to fuck off and out of the school systems for attacking too many students. It gets lonely.

I'm bored of being alive. There's nothing to do. I'm always told to wait until I'm older and do things then, but I don't want to wait. Even if I was of legal age to do anything interesting, I don't want to. I have no motivation to do anything, and I don't even want to get motivation. I sit in a dormant state 90% of my waking agony. I want to die because I don't feel like being alive anymore. Yeah, I get depressed sometimes, but even when I'm happy for some reason, I'd still rather be dead. It's not much of a sadness thing, it's more of a literal (People broke this word. Think the actual definition of 'literal' or 'literally') desire of just not being alive, because I've done everything I can do in life so far.

Don't know what to do. My family doesn't really care. They're shitty. They sit around and smoke cigarettes all day, nothing more. I usually do everything around the house. I don't have any friends. I've tried making some, but I couldn't find any. Not like, failed trying, I mean, I can't find any people to find and talk to face to face. I usually sit and look around a room when I'm not biking or playing a game. (On the new 'gaming' PC I just built. Which I'm already bored of. Got a new CPU, games run better. The excitement of that was gone in 10 minutes. Oh well)

I don't know why I'm posting this wall of text. I don't know what I'm asking. Or what I want. I'll just leave this here, I suppose.