Please help me, I need to get out of this.I'm sitting here listening to Pink Floyd right now. It makes me feel neutral. But I don't feel so well. 

There is a story to it. I think about death a lot. Almost everywhere I look I see different ways to die. And I've been a bit morbid for a good deal of years, and I don't think it's all been negative. It fuels my imagination and helps me write, which makes me feel good. 

But I had a girlfriend. We broke up two months ago or something like that, because I missed my home and felt that she had betrayed me. But sometimes I feel so incredibly guilty that I feel this way that I can't stand myself, and feels like something wet is slowly crumbling inside me. 

She could be so mean sometimes, and she just didn't think about how she said things. She had Aspergers, and her own history of mental illness. Every time I would find the will in me to confront her about how these things she said made me feel, she would do three things.

1. Tell me I overreacted. 
2. Say it was because of her diagnosis. 
3. Start crying. 

She could cry to everything, and said it was her way of dealing with many things. I was okay with it, but all these things made me feel bad and like an asshole, when it was she that had started the negative circle. 

Even now, I worry so much about how she's doing and blame myself for all things that went bad with our relationship. She has no real friends besides her big family, and because of her diagnosis she is a bit away mentally from feeling like a part of them, or that is how I understood it. 

She did things to me, went behind my back with things that had happened. Like kissing two guys and having close contact with an old romance. She broke my heart and trust when she did this, but I couldn't be angry at her because she said it was because of her diagnosis. 

She said the the two guys had flirted with her without her noticing it and then kissed her. She said she felt disgusted by it, but when I asked her why she didn't leave the club then she simply said: She had been drinking and wanted to hang with her other friends. It took two or three months before she told me this. 

This other guy, the old romance, it was she that took contact. They spent half nights sitting up talking to each other on IM, while I was in the bed sleeping. She took lots of pictures for him, with her make-up on and her hair very beautiful... things she didn't do for me. It took her a fucking week before she told me, and I suspect it was because this guy didn't show any interest in her. 

She broke up with her ex-boyfriend because of this guy. And I felt I was on the same road, and would have if he hadn't turned her down. By then I felt that it was time to leave her. And I did. 

Here I am now. Thinking back on all things she did, knowing that if a "normal" girl had done it, I would have been pissed and been able to move on. But here... she says she didn't realize what she was doing. And that it is her Aspergers that is the reason. 

That is making me feel pity for her, because I believe her... and it makes me feel like I have done this to her, that I have deserted her, or was a bad boyfriend. I need some advice, someone who can explain to me if she is escaping responsibility or if she is right, because I need to move on. But I can't when I feel this guilt and pity, and it is slowly driving me closer to the edge, because it burns in me sometimes when I sleep, and I can't take it forever. 