Tonight may be the nightSo here I am. This is it. This is all a bit unreal for me. But here I go. Reddit, you guys seem to care about my situation more than anyone I know personally. And for that reason, I'm leaving this here. These are my goodbyes, to all of those I know and love, and to you wonderful people. I'm not sure what will happen to me. Maybe I'll snap out of it, who knows? So without further ado, I'll begin. (I will use initials for obvious reasons)

A.S., Where to begin? You're one of my best friends. Whenever I need a laugh, or someone to hang out with, you're always here. I'm sorry if I don't spend as much time with you as you'd like, and I hope you don't take it personally. Because you're one of the friendliest, most upbringing people I know and I love you for that. I'm sorry I may not get to play Borderlands 3 with you, whenever that arrives. Raid some bosses for me, yeah?

S.N., My friend, it's been quite a year. I know we didn't get along well at first, but over time we became nearly inseparable. I know I can be annoying at times, but it's only because I think you're such a cool guy. I always want to hang out with you because you get me, and you're just so much fun, man. I know this may hit you really hard. You may feel guilty for not changing my mind, but I want you to forget about that. There was nothing you could do. I want you to live your life and be happy. I love you man, you're like a brother to me. I'm sorry.

A.Z., Be happy. That's all I can ask of you. You've been put through so much this last year, that you deserve to be happy. You and S.N. are two of my closest friends and I wouldn't have lasted this long without you. I won't be around to help you, so be strong for me okay? I love you. P.S., For starters, I'm sorry that I pile all of my problems on your head. You have too much on your mind, and you shouldn't have to deal with my problems. But you make me happy, and I hope you know that I hold you very dear to me. You may be angry, sad, confused. But don't be. You've made such a huge difference in my life, and I could never ask any more of you. I hope all is well in your world, and you live a happy life. I love you.

V.H., The only girl I've ever loved. The one that showed me what it means to be happy. The one that got away. You. I love you so much, I can't even believe it myself. You're still my one and only, and I'm sorry I couldn't be better for you. I'm sorry you left. And I'm sorry that now I'm the one leaving. This isn't your fault, none of it is. I don't want you to be upset, all I ever wanted was to see you smile. I realize I can't be a part of your life anymore. I hope he makes you happy. You deserve it more than anyone. I love you so much babe.

And to everyone else, I must say goodbye. I'm still young, and it pains me to admit that I simply can't bear this never ending pain any longer. Every day is a struggle, and I'm trying so hard to fight back against this depression that's beating me to the ground. But I'm fighting a losing battle. I wasn't ready for this. I don't think anyone can be. I wish there was another way to end this. I love all of you. So much. Goodbye
