College has gotten the best of me...During high-school I was severely depressed I never did anything but game on my computer and my room would be filled to the brim with garbage festering. Even if my senior year was the best times of my life and I felt so happy all the time it was probably just because I didn't do anything and that's what makes me happy. I kept telling myself college is going to be tough but not that hard. A way to meet people expand my open mind and be with people like-minded. Man if everyone here isn't an asshole js. I didn't think about suicide at all until my 3rd week in college and now it's all I think about again. Or just wanting to leave. I was so close when I had around 400 dollars to purchasing a bus ticket to Oregon to live my life by myself. I've gotten to that point where I would rather work a 9-5 job for the rest of my life than do so many years of college, because for me that is a more fulfilling life than anything I could accomplish here. I don't have a single friend besides a couple guys that I play basketball with in the rec-center and some guy I sit beside in stats class. I love waking up on Tuesdays/Thursday just because I know I have someone to talk to for 30 minutes at least. My mind is so out of whack I have to talk to myself just to realize what I am doing, and even if I do have a plan I never get it done. Coupled with thoughts of mom always dying it never gets better. I live around 3 hours from home. My mom will say she is coming up to see me and she might take longer and I can never get the thought of her dying or something bad happening to her on the drive up here. I don't have a license so it's hard for me to do anything up here unless I walk, which isn't really a problem for me. My love life is so non-existent. I have never talked to a girl about dating. Sure I talk to a lot of guys and girls everyday and have great conversations, just none of them hit off.  I don't think I am that ugly, but having low-self-esteem always kills my vibe. One thing that happened that hasn't bothered me was I was in a frat and one of the active guys lied and said I was disrespecting girls in public which wouldn't happen since I barely talk in public. And my sister's boyfriend who is another frat talked to the president and they said everyone liked me besides that guy pretty much just their rule was one and you are gone. Those were like my only "friends", but now I have no one. I sit in my room all day again. Finals coming up, and I really don't care about them since I am changing my major, but I may not even get to that next semester I may actually be gone. Looking back at where I came from, all my friends back home are doing nothing. Still smoking weed all day doing nothing with their lives. At least some of them are trying next semester going to WV for culinary school. I can never stop caring about their futures, and who they will be when times come. They are my real brothers so I doubt we will ever be broken apart even if I barely see them nowadays. I am nursing major this semester and really hate the criteria hopefully the computer information systems will be easier I just want something easy now even if I get alright grades this semester and got great grades in HS. It doesn't matter if I can't live life without having to study everyday or stressing whether or not I can get a high C to pass a class.
When I thought of going to Uni, I was like ya there is gonna be a ton of people who PC game who wanna play League with me maybe I will even meet a girl who plays games. I went to the club fair looking for a PC Gaming club only to be met with a Video Game Club comprised of a bunch of nerds who suck Nintendo's dick and are the most socially awkward people alive. I just want people who play games, but also aren't total outcasts in social situations. I can keep a conversation going on forever if the other person tries, and am very charismatic these guys seem like the typical nerds. Which I hate saying because it sounds so mean but it's really true.

P.S. If you play League or OW that's what I play by myself and would like some friends.