Strange envy of people with terminal illnessLately, I've been feeling envious of people with terminal illness. Every time I have a health scare, I get strangely excited that I’ll discover that I have only a short amount of time to live, and that I might get to live out the last bit under the spell of some strong painkillers.

I know that sounds crazy, but for decades, I've been in and out of depression, and I find life exhausting.  The older I get (I’m in my early 40s), the more I feel like my best years have gone by. My mind is a bit damaged from several severe head injuries, and my body hurts from many of those same injuries. And, I feel like the world is a depressing place full of depressing people. I try so hard to make the world a better place, but I think the reality is that most people are selfish and unthinking, and I’m no different, and I can’t stand to be a part of it. And the more I realize that I’m powerless over it, the more I want it all to just end.

Despite that gloom, I constantly bounce between depression and hopelessness and feeling exhilaration, motivation, and intense love for life. It’s not manic depression – these aren’t wild swings with long arcs, but rather swings that happen based on day-to-day circumstances. 

When I was around 14 years old, I became very depressed. I was a good student, got mostly As and Bs and was in a few honors courses. By the age of 16, I completely lost interested in school. I slept through most of my classes, and many days I'd sleep 12-16 hours per day. I can barely remember high school because I slept through most of it, and was in a constant haze.

I saw a psychiatrist in high school and was prescribed Prozac. Things got progressively worse, and was put in a psych hospital twice, where they tried Parnate, Lithium, and even tried Haldol for a couple days after I thought maybe I was having some delusions (I think I was just searching for anything that might help). I dropped out of high school for a brief time.

I broke out of that phase of depression after stopping all meds and taking up a sport that I loved when I was younger. I don’t want to reveal too much about the sport, or many other details of my life, but what I will say is that it’s a dangerous and exhilarating sport. Participating in it made me feel alive, and my life improved significantly.

Then I had two major head injuries, on two consecutive days. I was badly injured physically in other ways as well. I left for college a few weeks later. I can barely remember the next 3-4 months of my life, it was such a strange haze. I continued to have no interest in in my coursework, except classes about psychology and neuroscience, for obvious reasons.
I had more head injuries when I was very young, so these weren’t my first. I have always thought that they are directly related to these feelings of depression and detachment, but I had severe head injuries so early in life, I don’t know if I’ve ever known life without some amount of the related symptoms.

I was having so much trouble in college paying attention, and I would fall asleep in almost every class. It was uncontrollable, I honestly tried paying attention but couldn’t stay awake unless I was really interested. I needed adrenaline to function. One day a friend suggested I have a cup of coffee because I looked tired.

That cup of coffee changed my life. I’m not exaggerating when I say that it was the most important and pivotal day of my entire life. From that day on, I became a straight-A student, and I felt normal when I had a few cups of coffee in me. I came out of my shell, I gained confidence, I starting dating and had a sex life, and my life turned around completely. I went from a high school dropout to the top of my class in college. My adrenaline was flowing and the future seemed bright.
The depression returned a few years later, though not anything like I had in high school. I was prescribed Paxil. I don’t know if it really helped, but I know the side effects weren’t great, and after a year or two, I stopped taking it. I was in and out of relationships, and I think I was constantly seeking novelty to stave off boredom and depression.

My life took a new turn at this point. I switched my focus, and left school to pursue a career I found exciting and new. The depression returned again. Not badly, but I was in a slump. By this age, I had learned to deal with by not oversleeping, getting exercise, and seeking excitement and novelty to stimulate my brain.

Meanwhile, I was drinking a half to a full pot of coffee a day in order to feel normal.

Then I picked up my old favorite sport again, and I became a new person. I was in love with life, and I felt like I could conquer the world. The adrenaline made life feel worth living. For a few years, I felt like I was superman. I moved to a new city and progressed in my career and in my sporting hobby. I traveled the world, filled with hope and wonder. My dating life was great. Life was one giant adventure. I was squeezing every last bit of juice from life.

I got married. Then I got divorced. After I got divorced, I was high on life again. I was free to pursue adventure. I once again picked up my sport, and reached a peak. I set a goal and hit it, achieving some impressive success for my age. I felt on top of the world. 

For years, I’ve been feeling somewhat content, and despite feeling hopeless and depressed at times, I’ve learned how to deal with it. Novelty, adventure, pursuing my curiosities, has always kept it at bay. Or maybe it’s just masking it. It’s hard to say.

A few years ago, I was getting a physical. My doctor asked how much coffee I drink. I told her I still drink 3-8 cups of coffee a day, and I need it to just feel normal. Sure, there’s a caffeine addiction there, but I told her about the day that my first cup of coffee changed my life completely, for the better. She thought it sounded a lot like ADHD, since stimulants are effective in treating it. She suggested I get evaluated. Having spent a lot of time studying how the brain works, I knew about this, and I suspected it might be the case, but my psychiatrists insisted it wasn’t the case.

I got evaluated and my doctor diagnosed me with ADHD. So I started taking dextroamphetamine. It worked great. I feel very normal when I’m on it. I feel connected to the world, I feel social, I feel like everything is going to be okay.
But after taking it for a while, I realized that it makes me feel run down. I feel mentally and physically tired, and needed a break from it. I stopped taking it and felt a crushing depression – which was to be expected. So I started taking it only when I needed it, and it made me feel like I was on a roller coaster of depression and normalcy. To be clear, it didn’t make me feel bad otherwise – no anger or any other strange symptoms.

A couple years ago I had two more head injuries. One was a real doozy, and it was purely accidental, not doing anything sport-related or careless. I was in a haze for weeks. Then, I had another small concussion while playing sports casually. Again, not doing anything careless, just a simple accident.

Since then, I feel more depressed, hopeless, detached from the world. And every time I read an article about head injuries and reports from the NFL, it worries me more. I know my head is never going to heal or improve. I have a life of fog, headaches, and a feeling of detachment to look forward to. I know my best years are behind me. My brain feels like I always have a slight headache – on a scale of 1 to 100, it’s always about a 3. It’s very minor, but the feeling never goes away. I always feel like I’m in a fog, and I get frustrated when I can’t think as quickly as I want to. 

My job requires me to be smart, and quick on my feet. My brain is my most valuable asset. But because it feels broken, it makes me feel hopeless and frustrated. It’s not going to improve, though. 

And that makes me feel like I wish it would just end. If I knew I only had 6 months to live, I think I’d enjoy them and feel happy that I’ve done so much with my life. My life’s been great when I look at it objectively. But I just feel a sense of dread about getting older and feeling more and more detached and unable to relate to the people and the world around me.
I don’t feel like I can talk to my partner about it – she has made it clear that she is afraid of losing me and she is afraid of having my brain fade. She wants me to be there to help her with our son. I’m in a position where I know she and my son need me, but I feel it’s inevitable that I will lose my mind as I grow older. My family is a wreck, and I’m the only stable person in my family. I can’t go to them. My circle of friends are closely tied to work, and many of them rely on me to provide for them at work. I’ve talked to psychiatrists, and they seem completely unhelpful. Physicians shrug their shoulders – nothing they can do, either.

Feeling like there’s an end in sight, that is out of my control and won’t let everyone down, with a painless stupor at the end sounds like the way to go.

I’m fine, I have no plans to harm myself, but I feel so strangely envious of people who have no choice but to come to peace with the world and just let it go.
