I crave nothingness.Yet again, I’m here. I went surfing through my photos for the last 4-5 years and it was almost all bad memories, bad moments. And many of which had me thinking these thoughts. I’m tired of these thoughts.

In the past, though, I would post here or talk to someone and ask a similar question to one I saw today: “Ever have good things going for you but still thinking of it?” Although in the past, I had good things going for me which helped, there isn’t much going for me this time.

A man at my former job tried to get me fired. I quit as a result of the toxic workplace only to find out from HR three weeks later - when I sent some of his messages to them to protect the next woman - that they were planning to let him go. She called me, as legally she couldn’t tell me this. They knew what he was up to. But I left before they had his replacement. Now they need my replacement and his to let him go.

So I left an otherwise good job. I took a job in another state. I am still in the process of moving. I had to break my lease and spend tons of money to do so, I put a down payment on a house - finally able to afford one as I moved to a cheaper area. But, due to circumstances beyond my control, we fell out of contract. I’m looking again, but it is so much work and in the meantime I have temporary housing which leaves a lot to be desired. My things are still at my old home. 

I have no friends at the new place, but it seems even my friends back home wrote me off as soon as the door closed.

Every man in my life smells blood and has been coming onto me strongly. When I tell them I’m not interested in sexual relationships right now, they just fucking disappear. It’s so obvious they are motivated by what I termed ages ago: “sad girl, easy lay”. 

The new job I took was a horizontal move, maybe even a downward move. I may have YET AGAIN set my career back. 

I weigh more right now than I ever have, by a lot. I can’t find the energy or motivation to do anything I enjoy, including forms of exercise I used to engage in daily. I have no one to talk to about any of this. 

I’ve been so busy with the move and new job I haven’t had five seconds to myself to just watch a show, or read a book, or relax. And every time I turn around, something else has gone wrong. 

And all I can think is that this could be over. My mom passed several years ago yesterday. She was in physical pain from illness for decades. Now, it’s just nothingness. No pain. No anything. Exactly what we were before we were born, and that wasn’t scary, now was it? How amazing that sounds. Truly heaven. 

There is nothing right in my life, and nothing to which I look forward. No one in my life. All the men are just looking for a fleshbag to masturbate with, and the women are afk. I have no family. I have no home. I have no car (accident, totaled, person that hit me still hasn’t paid out. My insurance is “fighting with his” and assigns no blame to me (nor does his) and.. I don’t fucking know. Attorneys are involved, etc, but I have to make payments on said car til it’s resolved, so I can’t afford another car. Because of the shithole I am living in, and all my dishes are still at the old house and I can’t afford to replace them when it is temporary, all I have to eat every day is just add water and microwave type shit. 

I have nothing. I want to have absolutely nothing. I just want it to be done already. Ironically, I realized while crying on my furniture less floor, next to my air mattress with a sleeping bag, that because I have nothing, I can’t even harm myself right now. All my meds, ties, razers, anthing I could use is at the old house... I don’t even have a fucking car or a fucking garage to CO myself... My life is a joke.