I'm uniquely fucked up and I'm genuinely backed into a corner.Almost 17, I'm that damn young and I've been like this for ten years, they feel so long and so short at the same time
I've been suicidally depressed since I was 7, I've talked myself down multiple times, my memory isn't great but as far as I can remember, I first started to have psychotic symptoms at the age of 15, I'd been having huge mood swings from depressive to pretty happy I think, I'd want to do certain things and be fairly productive, recently these mood swings are from complete despair to slight depression yet somewhat productive and outgoing.
Anyway, at the age of 15 my depression got even worse, I went out on night time walks and almost killed myself multiple times, I started to have delusions and I started to see and hear things, I had extreme paranoia, so much so that one time I duct-taped some soda cans to string and then taped those to the ceiling above my door so that while I was elsewhere in the house I'd know if someone broke into my room to hack my computer.
I started developing all kinds of delusions, ranging from the idea that I'd been poisoned with some kind of virus or disease to there being holes in the sky, I'd lost it.
I started to self-harm, one time I went outside and decided to bring my knife with me (which was illegal to have outside) I went to an abandoned park and sat down on a bench in the middle of the forest, shrouded in darkness, I cut for a while and then stood up eventually.
That's when I heard it, branches rustling, cracking, they started going crazy, as if something was sprinting through them, and then I saw IT, I didn't quite realize what it was then as I ran way before getting a good look at it but I'd soon see it again and again, it's a figure that's darker than the darkness around it, like a hole in space, it's the same height and build as me, it wears that same hoodie and cargo pants, it's dressed exactly like me, it IS me, it's some kind of dark version of myself, that's how fucking insane I am, I hallucinate a dark double of myself! Sounds like something from a movie or game right? I mean, I've looked this shit up, nobody has experienced anything like this and reported it.
One time the walls closed in on me, another I heard the sounds of some hellish dog right behind me, I had all kinds of insane hallucinations, I heard voices, faint but definitely there. I'd hear singing downstairs, I'd descend the stairs and it'd stop, nobody in the house would've heard it.

I came close to ending my life so many times, especially during that break when I was 15.

I tried to seek help but long story short I can't anymore, just please believe me on this, I can't get help, alright? Atleast just pretend I'm right or don't post, I can't get help for a multitude of reasons.
My paranoia had gotten really bad, I thought the government was after me I think, I dunno, it's kinda foggy.
I slowly got better, I still wanted to die and I still felt depressed but I found myself my purpose, my reason for being here, I followed it and then I failed, I just stayed in my room even more, stopped going out on walks even, I've been descending into the rabbit hole again, while I've been fighting off delusions with not too much trouble (Although I think I may have had one a month ago, only took me a couple weeks to snap out of it though, it being the first one in a good while to take a hold of me slightly and it was based on something slightly logical) 
I had a nightmare a few months ago and IT was there, I was scared as it'd never invaded my nightmares before, I started hallucinating again and my depression got even worse, I've started self harming again and my hallucinations are coming back, I spent Christmas eve outside in the dark and the cold wandering the streets alone, debating suicide.
I'm alone, always have been really, I've been drinking to cope with things, I keep hoping it'll leave me foolish enough to kill myself, I've been cutting again and it's worse than ever.

I honestly feel like a fraud, like I'm lying or exaggerating all of this for attention when I know I'm not, I don't want attention, I don't even know why I'm posting this.
Most of the people on here don't want to die, if their life got better that'd fix things, they want things to get better but they just don't see another way out other than suicide.
I want to die, I don't want things to improve, I want to die, I think I've grown attatched to my depression for some insane reason, the emotional pain is genuinely like torture, I can hardly distract myself anymore, each day is just hell, I want to fucking die, I genuinely have no reason to keep going but I keep having this part of me that keeps trying to crawl forward, to keep fighting, I don't know why I still fight.
I don't think I can fight the psychotic symptoms anymore, and especially not the depression, I can't take it anymore, I really feel like I've had my fill.
When I was 15 and had that first psychotic break I used to wander the streets and just stare down groups of thugs (I live in a shitty area) I wanted them to kill me, I was hoping glaring at their leader would make them try to stab me or something yet they fucking don't, they always looked away and ignored me, they seemed scared, I'm only 6'2! Seriously, I was like 6'0-6'1 when I was 15, why the hell would they be afraid of me!? 
I can't stand seeing IT and I know that I will see IT again and I fucking can't deal with that, I can't deal with the hallucinations and I worry the delusions will grab me again, that delusion I may have had a month-ish ago I don't think was one, but I may be lying to myself, I mean, I thought someone was stalking me, I thought someone was after me, all because I saw the same red car a few times, all because he/she stuck their hand out of the window and did some kind of wave at me, it was near christmas, they were probably just saying hello or something.
I'm losing my mind, I can't take this shit anymore, I'm homeschooled but I've been not doing anything for a long time, I can't fucking take this shit anymore.

I'm gonna drink a few more shots of vodka, self-harm some more and maybe take some pills (not a lethal amount, just enough to fuck me up without hospitalizing me) I don't know why I wanna do damage to myself.

I thought I'd gotten past all this, I knew I was still depressed but I genuinely thought I was past this.

I've been drinking, I don't know how much I've left out, I know I've atleast not said half of the shit that's wrong with me (Oh yeah, I'm serious) 

I don't think I'm bipolar or schizophrenic, I'm nowhere near that bad right? I mean, I'd have constant hallucinations, not just a few a week or something. I mean, I guess I could have bipolar or schizoaffective or something but as I said, I don't think I'm hallucinating enough for that and my "up" phases aren't exactly manic, but what do I know? 

I genuinely can't get help, believe me on that, even if you don't, pretend you do. I'm debating killing myself in a couple weeks or a few days or whatever, I dunno, I really don't, I have nothing and nobody to live for and I've been doing this dance ten fucking years, I'm sick of talking myself out of it, what kind of seven year old is suicidal!? Anyway, I can't fucking take it anymore. 


TLDR: 16 years old, almost 17, been suicidally depressed for 10 years with mood swings, has hallucinations and sometimes delusions, I see a dark version of myself that stalks me around and I've been drinking and self-harming, I've been self harming a while though. 

PS. I'm legally allowed to drink at this age where I live, alright? I don't want people yelling at me about that, I also may have typed complete gibberish and may have multiple grammar mistakes due to me drinking heavily.