Vent it outI think I'll end my life soon. My dear has it been a rollercoaster of a ride. From childhood I was destined for suffering. My family friend molested me, my family neglected me. My brother would often abuse me. I was bullied at school for being overweight and weird, all my childhood friends moved away and not one cared enough to stay in contact. The black sheep everywhere, even amongst others who stand out. I came out to my mum once about liking boys and she told me to hide it forever and basically told me a gay child was like a curse in her world. Then I came out at 18, told my crush I loved him and he showed my most vulnerable bit of writing ever to everyone. So I had to come out to everyone instead of slowly. I suffer from chronic depression, it's more active in my life than normalcy. I'm forced into an anhedonic state, agitated and irritated. I tried to seek help but it just didn't pan out properly. Then I came out as a Trans woman and life took another major turn. I'm either a sex object or guys use me for games. Literally, they talk to me, tell me how great and wanted I am and then POOF! Gone. I know it's sad but all I ever wanted was my other half. If I had them then everything else I genuinely believe could be shouldered... but I don't because I'm too broken to love. How many days I've fantasized about death and I tried, I really tried to die but failed twice!!
I just want it to be peaceful and as clean as possible. Now, I'm rather empty inside, I don't have the energy to chase dreams or remain hopeful.
Quite honestly, the pain is so physical it's debilitating. I legitimately don't know how I'm still  coming to work everyday or even moving at all.
This one guy, last year, came into my life and I thought everything was about to change for me. He gave me hope again. Uttered the sweetest things and then just left me to rot haha. Can you imagine 😂 you go through all of that and still life bangs you with a spiked pole. I'm not expecting a single person to read this, I just want to vent it out.
I really tried my absolute best but it's just too much to carry. I can't even enjoy the presence of my mum and sister who've come down for the week. My mum's difficult and she has a habit of agitating me more whenever I'm out of it. I don't know why. I'm losing my shit with her and it's making me feel worse. I just want to vanish. To never have existed.
I don't like this world and I don't want to be here anymore.