Two Suicide Attempts in Six Weeks: How Did I Get Here, and Why Am I Still Here? In the past six weeks, I’ve made two serious attempts at suicide. Last month, I very clumsily attempted to drown myself in my neighborhood pool. Today, I strangled myself with an electronic charging cord.

I feel like such a fucking failure. It’s like I have the reverse Midas Touch: Everything I approach turns to shit. What’s wrong with me? Why am I always failing?

Was I set up for failure at the very beginning, or am I just doing everything wrong because I don’t know how to make it right? Either way, does it even really matter? Whatever the case, I’m such a fucking failure and I don’t know how to fix it.

It often seems like even the smallest things can now drive me over the edge and cause me to completely fly off the rails. This time, me going 11 days without being paid at work. Other times, it’s been me losing my phone for a few minutes. 

But throughout my life, I’ve survived multiple traumatic experiences. My birth mother subjected me to coercive control abuse as a child. I struck out several times in my romantic love life as a young adult. And more recently, I had a “stable office job” that was ultimately anything but stable. 

Still, I wonder what I could have done to overcome these challenges. Other people have endured much worse and emerged as better people. Why can’t I do more than just survive? Why am I always sinking to rock-bottom?

I don’t know whether I’m writing this as a cry for help, or as a preview of my last will and testament. Only time will tell. I just figured I had to write something down. Maybe one day, someone will find my Reddit account and realize just how terrifying my life has been behind the veneer of tranquility I’ve carefully constructed to hide all this. 

Right now, I feel so awkward. I should be grateful I'm still alive. I should be hopeful that my work pay SNAFU was found and may soon be solved. Instead, I just feel guilty. Why can't I escape this abyss I've fallen into?