I feel absolutely worthlessI just need to vent.
I have felt like this for years now and I'm only 17. I have lost my only best friend, my dad, when I was 12.  Now the only person from family I have that i trust is my grandma but she's really old. I dont have any friends. I have a boyfriend but I can't and don't want to drown him with my problems since he has his own. My mother doesn't care about me, she even told me to poison myself and end it all already. My grades are the worst they have ever been. I was recently diagnosed with lifelong disease which just adds to the weight of life and right before that I actually started to enjoy life and love myself but that's gone now. My health has gone to sh*t. I have panic attacks almost daily. Im feeling physically and mentally weaker day by day. I have no future at all. I dont see the light at the end of the tunnel. My life is full of suffering and misery since I was 6. I was bullied at school ever since first grade (still am) and beaten at home my whole life (still am sometimes). I am always being blamed for all problems. I don't even have money to buy something to OD myself with. I want to end it all but at the same time if I did my mother wouldn't have any money because we are getting some barely livable amount from government because im a student and she doesnt work. I don't even have money to seek professional help. I'm being screamed at by my mother every single day, getting called names such as a waste of time, telling me that she should have abandoned me years ago. I sleep all day but still feel tired. I don't have any will to get up in the morning. I feel stuck in a life In which i don't have strength to live. I cant even find a job. I'm scared if i try to die I would be saved, it would just prove what a loser I am. The pain I would feel is the last of my problems. I'm a huge disappointment to everyone and myself. I tried to fix that but I couldn't. My mother is threatening me with police every day (in my country police only believes what parents say so even if a child was visibly injured they wouldnt care and still blame a child instead of parents) for minor stuff like getting mad or being stressed. I have nowhere to ask for help. I want to run away at 18 but I dont even have a passport or money for bus ticket. My life has come to only living day by day until I burst and finish it. I just want peace, but I see it's too much to ask for. Every day I hope I'll not wake up but I know I will. I'm sorry if this is messy but I just need to get this out of myself. Thank you for reading.