I feel like I have no really special friends, but there is a person I would do anything to become friends with. I will kill myself if I will forever fail trying to befriend this person.I am a 17 year old guy. While I have friends, they never ask me if I want to hang out. It's always me asking them if they want to hang out, but I guess it's better than not having anyone to ask. I also have a cousin (who matters the most to me out of anyone) who is almost 21, and she is a lot more different compared to my friends. I like her more than all of my friends, but the problem for me, is that I think she hates me and wants me to die. I want to become her friend, but I have no idéa on how to befriend her. Whenever I see her I always get incredibly nervous for a few minutes, like I'm shaking a lot, because I don't want to fuck up by saying something wrong. Whenever I am with my cousin I usually always think twice before I say something to her, which I never do when I'm talking to my friends. 

My cousin is incredibly special, she is a sweet, intelligent and ambitious person. She is also a fantastic football player in my opinion, I've even seen her play with her team during a match. She also treats me super nicely. Like, whenever I am with her, she offers me a glass of soda. I also love listening to her voice, it's like no one else's. It feels like a real honor to meet her. 

I feel like my cousin is so special that if she never wants to be my friend, I want to kill myself. I've bought two tickets (130$ each) to a music festival I want to go with her to, and if she says no, I will cry and hurt myself. I don't know if this would count as manipulation or not, as my cousin should be smart enough to do what she wants. I also don't know if I should ask her if she could shoot me if I fuck up during the suicide attempt.

So I'm also basically asking on advice on how I can become her friend. I'm very sure there must be a way. I'll buy her a gift worth up to 60$ for her birthday, I hope that will make her feel like I might be worth something. I don't really care if she manipulates me by asking me  to buy her stuff. I'd do anything to be able to spend time with her outside of family reunions.