not on the verge but pretty well therehi, 14f from canada here. maybe looking for advice or just to get this off my chest. i won't stall any longer though. here's the sitch - my life is falling apart and i don't know how to stop it.

my parents' marriage is crumbling - i've seen my dad's computer left open to his r/deadbedroom posts where he says he's ready to up and leave any day, even though he acts so in love with my mum, i'm the only one who knows and he doesn't know i've seen it. my mum's anxiety gets worse and worse every day and our financial situation doesn't help.

our financial situation, i hear you asking? my dad has been unemployed on and off since 2013, and for about 4 years both of my parents were unemployed and living off benefits from my diabetic younger brother (9). every single goddamn time my father gets a job he loses it within months and we slip further and further into our debt. they think i don't know how bad it is but i hear them fighting. i hear every word. my brother is type 1 diabetic, diagnosed at age 4. we can barely afford to keep him alive, let alone the rest of us even though my parents act like everything is fine. at our lowest, we had just enough for next month's bills and then we would be entirely fucked, with no savings left. my mum finally got a job which is the one she's still in today, but the pay system is fucked and would cost the government too much to fix so she gets about a quarter of what she should, that is when she gets paid at all. oh, and the system thinks she owes her employer what they haven't given her. they're on the verge of a strike. if she loses her pay, we could end up homeless and my brother dead without his insulin and medical care. i've tried to find jobs but nowhere can take me for at least another year - but the money i could be making could mean the difference between life and death at this point, which is not so funky fresh if you ask me.

my dad has serious anger issues and even though he doesn't realize it he constantly takes it out on me (my brother is the perfect model child everyone loves - nobody but me knows how bratty he is behind closed doors). i have severe anxiety and depressive disorders, one of many side effects of which is misophonia, or sound sensitivity syndrome. it means certain noises (i.e. drinking, chewing, swallowing, sniffling, snoring, sneezing, breathing etc) can send me into a spiral which when more severe can include suicidal thoughts and self harm urges. my family knows this and apparently doesn't care or doesn't realize that they constantly trigger me. i've spoken to them about it but to no avail.

so obv school is my one and only escape from my home life. i've always loved school - i was always very smart and eager to learn, up until a few years ago. school has been incredibly difficult for me, and i've been losing friends by the dozen in the last year or so. every single fucking day i come home and cry because of how much weight i'm carrying that nobody sees. my friends exclude me, they constantly pick fights and i end up getting blamed even though i did nothing. but i can overlook that because they're all i have.

i've considered suicide multiple times and attempted when i was 12, but obviously didn't succeed. nobody knows about that. i've had issues with self harm on and off since i was 9, but now i've been clean about 7 months. i know now that if i committed suicide, it might devastate my mother and probably drive her to do the same which would leave my brother and dad stranded with no income which would certainly be an issue due to my brother's medical issues, so i've decided against it for now. but just think - who would even miss me? they'd spend less on food, clothing etc and wouldn't have as much to deal with. i've never been the favourite so it probably wouldn't take much of a toll on their psyches. but i digress.

not really sure what to do with myself for now. i definitely won't make it past 20 but i guess for now i'll stick around, i might be able to help my family financially within the next year but once that's been exhausted i'll probably do it.

anyway thanks for coming to the most depressing ted talk ever. advice would be great, or even just some sympathy. i could use some positive emotion.

thanks.