I'm pouring it all out (or attempting to at least)This is kind of scattered but It works I guess. Sorry.

When I was younger, around late elementary school-middle school (5th-8th), I was bullied by many of my peers and I found it hard to make friends; the few friends that I've made helped me through hard times, which I'm going to go in depth to tell in this post. Because of this constant torment, I began to develop mental illnesses, which were diagnosed later on, (Clinical/Major Depression, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Panic Disorder) which affected my being at that time to an extreme extent. I attempted suicide around 3ish times, I may have tried more but I may have shut out those memories and can't recall them at the moment, by drowning myself and by ODing (which was a fucking ridiculous attempt that had no way of actually succeeding, I drank nearly half a thing of NyQuil and ended up throwing most of it up while I was asleep. I haven't experienced anything harmful from it since I did it).

At that time, I had so many thoughts of whether or not my existence had any purpose and if everything around me was actually reality; I had an overwhelming sense of uselessness. The thought that there was nothing after death terrified me, and I felt as if I needed to rid myself of this world because of these toxic thoughts. I gave up on everything; I started to eat whatever I wanted, out of the food I had, and I started to lose all of my confidence. I hated everything, but I hated myself the most.

I met people that made life more tolerable, but not better. I cared about these people, and still do, but my depressing, self centered, fucked up thoughts and actions ruined those relationships. I had a short period of time where everything was better; I had confidence and felt a certain light that made me happy. It didn't last long, however. The bleak view of the future returned and ruined everything again.

It's always been difficult for me to sleep, I take "medicine" (more of a placebo) now to help but I'm finding it hard to distinguish my dreaming reality to my awake reality. Every now and then I wake up from what it seems to be a seizure; I get migraines as well, which seem to be stress related. The same things used to happen back when I had more mental health issues were problems and I'm suspecting that they're returning. 

I thought that I was over this, but I feel as if my thoughts of hopelessness and self hatred are back. I don't know what to do. The only way that i know how to deal with this is to joke about killing myself. I don't know if anyone takes it seriously or not, I'm guessing they don't since I smile and kinda half laugh.

Every day just blends together now, hardly anything changes; I wake up, go to school, then go to sleep. At school, all I do is "joke" about how pointless everything is and how the solution to my problems involves a bullet going through my head. Going to sleep isn't much better; I feel that every night, I don't expect myself to wake up in the morning; I expect nothingness and eternal void, but when I do wake up, I don't know whether I'm disappointed or just accepting the fact that I have to go through the process of being here for another day.