Being suicidal is exhaustingI’m just so tired.

It’s been almost 8 years now that I’ve been struggling with severe depression on and off. Every time I get better, something comes along and absolutely derails me until I become what feels like a different person, or that is just not a person at all. My brain feels fried, I have no hobbies, no interests, I can no longer connect with anyone. I don’t want to be around friends or family. The fact that my identity feels gone makes me anxious and ashamed to even be around them; I don’t like faking or putting up a front for other people’s comfort. I have no desires or ambitions anymore, I just feel like I don’t belong here. Like I’m an alien of some sort who was dropped on this planet with no guidance on how to be a person. What’s scary is even when I’ve been at my peak, doing well in school (I graduated now), working a decent job and making money, in a relationship (no longer in it) I felt good only on a surface level. Even then I knew deep down, something is wrong with me, I’ll never experience life the way everyone around me does and I’m in a way doomed. I’m the type of person to take something good and just find a way to pin point all the negatives. These doomed feelings and thoughts were present on some of my best days lol. Fast forward to now, I’ve been suicidal for months and I’m fucking annoyed that I haven’t been able to just do it by now. I’ll decide on it for example the end of the week, have the most dramatic week thinking all of my experiences during that time will be my last ones only to put it off when the day comes because I’m too tired and would rather sleep. Then I’ll make a new date but then a birthday comes up and I feel to guilty to do it then. Now I’m feeling antsy and like I could literally jump out of my skin if I don’t do it soon but then I think of waiting until after Christmas to not ruin this time of year for my family. It’s just so exhausting living in this limbo state and trying to make “last” experiences meaningful and feeling all the emotion and pain and drama only to chicken out and do it all over the next week. I swear to god I’m so dissociated sometimes I feel like I’m living in some type of weird cyclical hell thats happening in my own brain.