I was supposed to be dead yesterdayBut I did not, and the day was quite possibly one of the worst chains of events I could imagine. 

Disclaimer :done on mobile. 
For 16 years I have wanted to die,  but this in the most recent. 

 It starts 1 year,  1 month,  and 19 days ago when my soon to be fiance left me suddenly. I still haven't gotten it through my head that they are gone.  I sat miserable, missed work,  planned my death for months.  Maybe until  July or August,  when  a culmination of this very reddit,  eve on line's broadcast for reps that I was convinced I should give myself more time. I set a date of March 27th, and sought my hardest to improve. 

I first started by enrolling in school again,  desiring to be a PA as I felt my chances of an MD program were less slim, and frankly, the work is more appealing. I am 7 credits from my bs in science. School started alright, but I did have plenty of issues with wanting to go, not wanting to wake up, having anxiety attacks about being there, and hoping to find my now ex there. 

Then, some shit happened at work and I stressed for 2 weeks what would come of it (fraudulent but serious accusation). Then I was pulled by my manager and asked to transfer.. So a promotion?  Kind of.  So I accept thinking is this or I lose my job.  Ironic. Move to the new store,  and have an immediate distaste for 2 people (one has since been fired with charges pending,  min 1 year sentence for detail). But I work, and learn.  I haven't had a chance for any vacation since May at this point (and still). Immediately my school schedule requirements get violated.  I was promised before transferring they would not be an issue.  I'm told its this, or my job.  I am forced to drop out of school. 

Having some free time and approx 100 PTO hours around October (after I was trained and able to take them again for other reasons) I make multiple requests to have a vacation. I'm not given the chance. Christmas season (retail, so November) roles through, and I'm hurting even more than I had in quite some time.  I meet someone on a dating site about the same time,  we hit it off. One of my coworkers, routinely tells me to kill myself. 

January. First 7 days,  alright. The 8th and the 9th, the anniversary minus a month of having been left,  set in motion a chain of panic and intense depression that knocks me out of work solid for 8 days.  It's a miracle I'm not fired,  but at the same time I had other intense physical issues resulting from an autoimmune disorder. I go back to work. Feb 9, the very same  I was left.  I'm dead inside.  Somehow stay together. Realize the girl I'd been loving, was not my  ex.  I can't move on. I wrestle with trying to push her away not because I don't love her, but because I can't fully. I have realized we both are hurt souls, and have a lot in common, but aren't emotionally compatible and intellectually at odds sometimes (she is on the autistic spectrum, which further complicates). I set again March 27th as my release date,  and try to push her away.  I somehow power on. The coworker that wishes me to die,  kicks me in the store hard. I have trouble breathing.  I don't report it. 

March 9, my anniversary date. I finally had summoned to courage to break up with this girl. She takes it well, understands why, that I can't live 2 people. That I still love her, but can't be in a relationship while I try to heal. I visit my best friend and his fiance in the hospital, and am in the room when she gives birth to their first child. Her name is Piper, and was born at 12:23 March 10. I get home around  430. I wake up late for work.  While I'm in the shower I get 2 calls.  I return the call when I'm done. Mental health inpatient unit.  My now  faux girlfriend  got herself admitted because she was a smart ass to a suicide hotline rep. I didn't know this for over a day.  When I found out she was alive, it meant constant stress trying to make sure she was alright as literally nobody else in her life cared. I told her I just wanted a longer break in the relationship.  We agreed. 

3 weeks later, having had such a shit run I ask for some time off.  I'm outright told no.  Most people in the store had had 2 weeks vacation, some 3 weeks,  and id been sick for one. I needed time off.  I have to then spend 11 hours researching something for corporate security as a vile event took place from one of my other coworkers (different than earlier) .  6 days later,  he is fired. I again ask for time,  denied. 

March 27. I wake up in tears. My girlfriend had ensured I get no more than 3 hours sleep  by means of snoring,  rolling,  and yelling at me to wake up 3hours too early thru when it is time to go. I knew I should have called out. This was my date,but I'd dug myself in harder. Told I should be approved finally for time off.  Smack dab in the launch event for two devices when I'm a commissioned employee. Shit customers.  I have to clean up guy 2s shit for the last month, and more comes in.  After lunch,  a girl he is helping asks unrelated if I'd always been a girl  (I'm trans, and haven't been read other wise for 3 years). He laughs his ass off. I feel even more like shit. He then makes a technical error, and I try and help him. He ignores me wanting to do the same again, ignoring the situation is impossible. He tells me to go smoke and fuck myself out back, in front of customers.  I leave work until he does. I'm the closing manager. Now security is involved again in the store, twice by my hands.  

I wanted nothing more than my bed since i was women up so early. As I go to it that night, I step in cat vomit.  I'm at my end.  I clean it, and have a few cigarettes.  I go back to try again.  Cat pissed in my bed.  Blankets,  mattress,  and a pillow.  I have a mental break down. I still want to die this second. My girlfriend wants the bathroom and my fucking hemorrhoids are hurting if I leave the water. 

I just can't win.  Please help me.  Please. 