lost, confused, alonehey to whoever's reading this, thanks for your time.

I've been struggling with life a lot as of late and in all honesty I'm totally lost on what I'm doing and it's putting a real strain on my already fragmented mental health.

I'm 19, I spend and have spent most of my teen years in my bedroom, playing video games, watching movies etc. I didn't go to school a lot, mainly because I spent so long feeling sorry for myself and my dad never really forced me to go to school after my mum died in 2012.

In those 5 years since her passing I've failed my GCSEs and A Levels, spunked £24k of inheritance on drugs, alcohol and video games. Somehow I've managed to get a car and a stable job and I'm trying my hardest to uphold them. Me and my dad have a very fragile relationship and so we don't talk much about anything and whilst I have a few friends I would never dream of laying any of this on them, so a lot of these problems I deal with on my own.

I'm at a point now where I can't stay positive or motivated for any longer than a day, some days I'll wake up feeling like I can accomplish anything and then go to bed not wanting to wake up the next morning. I attempted suicide when I was 16 but, unfortunately or not, I still woke up. I've received therapy and all that but it never seemed to change this fundamental issue I seem to have with myself. 

I'm overweight, not by a lot but I've got a cracking set of man tits, I've never had a girlfriend, mainly because I don't have the largest dingus and I'm incredibly ashamed of how I look.

I feel like I've fucked up so many times that I can't live with myself or the position that I have left myself in. Suicides been on my mind a lot recently again too, I looked for help again and I was supposed to go to a 'improve your mood' course tonight but I thought it would be a waste of time so I didn't.

I don't really know why I'm here, I feel like my only real accomplishment in life is going to be ending it, sometimes I wish someone would try and stop me.