My life is impossibleMy life is basically Sisyphus except Sisyphus would look at the size of my rock and feel relieved. 

5 years ago I took a pill called Propecia for hair loss and lost a good 40% of sensation in my penis permanently, a complete inability to handle stress, and brain fog. On the day of taking the pill my penis actually shrunk to the size of a tiny acorn and could not be brought back to normal size for a week. 

Then, my dad died. I was a promising comedian with funny friends and a great work ethic but this was too much. I moved back home to live with my mom. I've been there the last 4 years.

The past three years have been an attempt to identify and come to terms with the vast array of side effects and health issues I now experience. I found out that a major issue was due to a lack of neurotransmitters. Specifically GABA which is not being properly mediated due to a lack of DHT. Turns out, GABA that crosses the blood brain barrier is massively fucking illegal to obtain unless you have narcolepsy. (Essentially GHB). I tried to see a sleep doc and fake narcolepsy. Took several sleep studies. Did not work. Can't get on the one thing that could probably help cuz our drug system is fucking retarded. Sweet.

Last year, in an attempt to lose weight and get super healthy, I got a freak foot injury. I have no idea what this was. The foot doc said it was a stress fracture but it never healed. It took me 4 months until I could walk. My loveable dog barked at me every day cuz he's scared of crutches. 

Just as my foot started healing, OOPS! Stubbed a toe. Except for some reason stubbed toes don't heal for me. This took another 3 months. After having lost 40lbs, I gained all of that back. For the first time in my life I am obese and have giant red stretch marks all over my stomach. I feel like the ugliest, most worthless monster on the planet. 

As if that wasn't enough my balls started burning and were bright red. This is called red scrotum syndrome and it's quite possibly the most miserable, terrifying thing a single man can experience. I got it presumably from stress. It still hasn't gone away completely because EVERYTHING stresses me out. Even simple video games make my heart race like i'm being chased by a lion. I now have to live life like a monk and not do a single exciting thing until it gets better.

I have friends who are legit famous. People I was in the scene writing and performing with. Many work on talk shows, have book deals, and are married to wonderful women. I live with my mom. I hate my life. I hate how impossible it is. I hate how even the most basic things are stressful. I hate how ugly I feel now. I hate my ugly ass stretch mark scars. I don't see how a woman could ever find me attractive. I actually thought writing this all out would help but it's actually making it apparent how bullshit my life actually is. I don't know why I was given this nightmare but I was.

Never been suicidal but now I am because I'm just so tired.