Once I met him ill die.I feel like I don't deserve anything, I am not capable of anything, Why I am alive and others die? why?

No one can feel my pain sadness, tears that ran down my face.

Where should I start? from the fact that I share a bedroom with my mom( yes we sleep in the same bed) 

I should divide my life into 4 parts.  Kindergarten and elementary, Junior High School, High School, and University.

I used to hang at kindergarten with a girl and I thought we were friends One day a girl, Nefeli threw something at my eyes, I was toooooo scared to say anything and I didn't, my parents took me to the doctor the next day because my eyes were puffy, red and I could not open them. No one knew it was her. During elementary, my dad started to beat my mom or yell at her and yell at me too. I hit my head while trying to hold him not to leave us and another time I fell from the stairs and hit my head. My aunt (mom's sister) used to call me every day and tell me a crime story, other kids used to bully me (one hit me so hard I forgot how to breath) and I had Nefeli's constant bullying because of me being me. I have a mole between my mouth and upper lip diameter 2cm and it was EVERYONE FAV TOPIC I couldn't say anything to my mom because she had a neurological problem for 9 months and had to take strong meds. oh, and I had no friends. Also, my mom ( according to me ) is yelling at me a lot. Suicidal thought started.

At Junior high school my dad threw a vase at my mom and had to do stitches in a hospital, the doctor knew what happened and pressure my mom to file a report but she didn't because of me. My aunt had a crime and was calling us every day to yell at my mom. From 6 in the morning till 12.30 at night she was calling home. Now my dad when he wants to yell at us he is saying that we should go to a hospital. Again I didn't have friends and my mom would yell at me if I made a mistake. During my first year of Junior high school, I started to create characters in my head, talking to me I also talk to them, some times I pretend I am part of their group. My suicidal thought grew bigger, I try to kill myself one time but pretend that I cut my hand by accident.

At High school I met a girl, I never quit my habit of leaving reality and talking with my imaginary friends. I had a friend in real life!! My dad now only yells and calls us names. It is a start. I still can't dream of the clothes I like and I have to ask my mom if she likes my clothes. At the center to help me with the exams 2 tutors called me names in front of me. I manage to pass into a university. I thought that God helped me and wanted to give me a second chance at happiness, a brand new life I was wrong.

At university, I wanted to do a small plastic surgery. I want to remove the mole, my dad didn't let m, my mom was afraid. My plan was to go to the UK somewhere where I can start brand new. I failed to go there. I met one girl. She starts to date/sleep with every guy I liked and then tell me details about it. My suicidal thoughts were back. I used dating apps where guys called me ugly, they all liked my body so I start to upload nudes, headless, guys liked it and I felt so good. I start to have panic attacks every time I was out. I wanted to call my mom when I was out at the supermarkets or other public places I felt like someone was going to kidnap me in the middle of the street. My mom started to take her meds again because my aunt was hospitalized.

I got into LSE but I will go to a local one instead. Do I want to I don't know.  Do I deserve happiness? No Do I deserve love? No Do I deserve pain and sadness? Yes

During my 3rd year, I met a guy. we talk still and I feel like he deserves to see me before i die. I have the trip money and I want to send him this week to meet.