Life’s interesting, isn’t it just?Hello friends, I decided to post to this sub reddit, never really posted anything about my emotional/mental thing on the internet but feel like it would help me our.

Lets start with the introduction shall we? 
Hi! 
Im 17, from the UK, bought up poor in an abusive household, which, excuse my french. Fucked me up.
I have been diagnosed with insomnia, anxiety, depression, OCD and a few other, more personal ones i don’t feel like expressing.
It has gotten so bad, i need to force myself out of my house every day due to my anxiety and my excessive OcD plan.

My story:
I was born in a relatively poor family. Dad moved away when i was 1 and have not seen him since, although i know its not really because of me, i do have a thought it was all my fault in the back of my head.
My mother met a new bloke, massive alcoholic and a angry one at that, i made the first phone call to the police at the age of 7. 
I was bullied at school, year 5 all the way to year 10, from there i got aggressive, started fighting, not concentrating on my GCSE’s. (The UK school final exams.) hanging out with those bad kids. Totally fucking my life up.
Around year 11, (age 15,16) i decided to focus on my life, and passed my GCSEs. And with my surprise made it into A levels too. 

Now we made it to modern day.

Although, education wise i am all caught up and smarter than i ever have been, as i cant leave my house 60% of the time, my school attendance is horrible, (35%) and at A level standards, i have a high chance of getting kicked from all my courses.
I now have a low chance of getting into the university of my choice, if that. And there is no chance i can keep a job without.. well. Leaving the house.
I try vent my frustration to my family, but my older sister is more mentally fucked up than i am, so i just get shadowed. I feel like im alone.
I keep thinking about my future, and to be honest. Not seeing much at all. I cant see myself beating this severe anxiety and with that hovering over me like a rain cloud, i wont be able to do anything of value. Ill be homeless! 
Not only that, but i feel like a failure, as I’m the only person in my family that was able to even pass school, and now i cant even do anything about it.
I have went searching for  councilling and have been put on a waiting list. For the past 3 months.
Every thing is not adding up, and its not looking good for me, at all. 
The only thing stopping me for ending it all is my family, and i don’t even think they would miss me.

Thanks for reading, 