So I don't know where to turn, and I'm running out of time.I have been struggling with depression for as long as I can remember. I don't think there has been a single day where I didn't think about my own death in at least 15 years. Considering that my current age is a mere 21, this feels absolutely overwhelming for me.
I've always thought about suicide as a last resort. It's not something I want to do, but it's something I'm willing to do. I guess I've always hoped that my life would end through some other event/accident/illness. This isn't because I'm a coward that lacks the guts to go through with it, it's because I feel like even having these thoughts equates to letting everyone who cares about me down. I realize that I wouldn't be around to have to deal with the aftermath, but imagining the hurt and feelings of loss that I would cause keep me pacing in a circle, figuratively kicking myself for being so "selfish".
A few years ago, I landed myself in the hospital. I was under a 2 week mandatory evaluation in a psych ward. After those 2 weeks, I could have checked myself out, but I stayed for another 3 weeks - I just didn't know where to go or what to do. Throughout that entire time, people kept telling me that I would look back on those weeks as the worst of my entire life, that I would never feel that badly again. This wasn't the case...To be honest, I feel much worse on a daily basis than I did at that point.
A few months ago, I decided to turn things around. With the way things were going, I didn't have much time left. I started eating regular meals again and was accepted into a school program. I just got my midterm reports yesterday and my marks range from 92%-100%. I've gained 20 pounds and established a healthier sleeping schedule. The problem is: I feel even worse. I don't feel any healthier, the marks mean nothing to me (I'm not even proud of myself), I still have very little energy and I feel overweight/sluggish/unappealing.
The thoughts of death are becoming more frequent, more intense, and more overwhelming. I can barely talk to my family about meaningless things, and I definitely can't talk to them about how I feel inside. I face accusations of laziness, hostility, and immaturity on a daily basis and they don't realize the thoughts that they are validating within me or the damage that is being caused.
I'm going to cut myself off from rambling now. 
I don't know what to do with myself. I don't know where to turn.
If you took the time to read this, thank you.