I haven't been like this in such a long time. Yesterday marked four years since my last attempt, which is a little ironic I suppose since I'm in the same situation again..It's so easy for me to pretend that absolutely nothing is bothering me when inside there's this huge fucking storm. I block out any painful memories as much as I can, just for them to resurface at any time. I don't like to talk to people about these kind of things. The one person I did talk to, fucking hates me. So that's less than helpful. 

I guess I should just start off with what led to this. In 2008, I witnessed my best friends death. It's hard for someone to lose someone, it's harder when you see it actually happen. For the longest time afterwards, I was really fucked in the head. I would scream at my parents and tell them god awful things. I remember one night, my dad was drinking, like always. And he wouldn't listen to me. I took it out by destroying my room and flipping it upside down. I sat in the middle of my floor and pulled my hair out and screamed, and still...he didn't come to my aid. I then proceeded to go into the kitchen, and did the most dramatic thing I knew possible. I took a knife and put it to my wrists and demanded that he listen to me. But he didn't. So instead of cutting myself, I just threw the knife at the ground, ran into my room, slammed the door, and took a variation of different prescription medicines. After I was released from the hospital, I was ordered to go to a hospital for mentally disturbed children. I was there for about a month, and did absolutely nothing for me. The only thing it taught me was how to be more sneaky in hiding things from people. It taught me to surpress my memories and my feelings. I was able to hide from everyone including myself. And it worked...for awhile. 

Let's move things a little bit further into the future. After my friends death, I had a huge ordeal with my ex boyfriend. After that relationship ended, I literally had nobody. I learned how to be content being alone for so long. It was easy for me, almost. Moving things a little further...I met someone else. He was in a relationship at the time, and there was a lot of bullshit that came along with that. After about three years of them being together, they ended things. And it was my chance to be with him. We were together for almost a year, when I learned that I was pregnant. I ended up having an abortion, which I believe to be the reasoning behind all of...this.

I've never felt a greater pain in my entire life, than the regret I have for that abortion. I didn't feel like this at first. But now I just feel empty. I don't even have anyone to talk to about it. This month would have been my due date even. Throughout the entire process of the abortion, I was practically alone. Mentally, at least. After that, my life started to go down hill...a lot. If affected me more than I expected it to. 

Now I find myself sitting outside in the middle of a field every single night with a pack of cigarettes that I end up going through within an hour. I sit there and I cry my fucking eyes out, sometimes I don't even do that. Sometimes I feel so numb that no matter how hard I try to release, nothing will come. I get really terrible thoughts all of the time. How easy it would be for me to just end things already. 

I'm not religious in any way. To me, if I die that's it. There's nothing waiting for me on the other side. I won't even know that I'm dead. I'll just be gone. Which doesn't sound all of that bad to me. How can I be hurt if my existence is gone? I don't have friends, and even if I did, I can't just talk to people that I know in real life about these kinds of things. Most people just say sorry, or in other words tell me to get over it. Some people will even flip the situation and make it about themselves, like it's a fucking contest and they're trying to one up me. 
There's a lot of other things that come into play here as well. I grew up without a father, he was in prison my entire life. But my mom had various boyfriends. A lot of them abused my brother, slapped him around, pushed him, called him names, anything you can think of really. I tried so hard to get them to take it out on me instead. And sometimes they did. 

I remember one of my moms boyfriends telling me to come look at something, I was wearing my nightgown and I was dragging my pink bunny across the floor. I got excited thinking it was going to be something amazing or a present or something. I dropped my bunny and hurriedly ran towards him. As cliche as this sounds, he asked if I wanted to play a game with him, and at the time I was around four or five, so I said yes. Long story short, this man repeatedly sexually abused me. Sometimes my brothers would even stand in the doorway and watch him. Like it was normal or something. 

A few years after that, my mom found a new boyfriend, instead of the boyfriend being the sexual abuser this time, it was my brothers. I don't even know if they even remember this or not. We went down to the lake like we did everyday to go fishing. But one day it was different. They decided they wanted to "swim." But instead, they just got naked and told me that they wanted to play a game. They told me to act like a fish and pretend that their parts were the bate. So I did, I didn't know what else to do. They were my big brothers, I trusted them. But then it just gets cloudy, all I remember after that is waking up on in the woods next to the lake bruised and scratched, with my pants around my ankles. I remember running home and crying and wanting to tell my mommy about it. But I knew that she wouldn't believe me. And if I had something, I'd have to deal with my brothers later on. And I was terrified of them at this point. 

My mom did meet a nice guy finally at one point. This man ended up raising me, and he was always there for me. I was his little girl and that's all I knew. I didn't even know that I had a father in prison, I thought this man was my dad. I'm not really sure why, but I did. Until my brothers got mad at me in daycare and told me that he wasn't. I was absolutely crushed. I remember running up to him and crying and he didn't know what to say to me. 
Now, that man doesn't even talk to me. His girlfriend is more important than I am. Whenever something goes wrong with their relationship, the blame gets put on me. I was kicked out of his home and eventually I moved into my moms house again. I have nothing but bad memories when i'm around her. I love my mother to death, but she doesn't know the type of things that go through my head. I don't want her to. She's not the first person I really want to go to with anything. She trys to be there sometimes, but she never listens. 

Currently, I'm just haunted with so many childhood memories, and I don't know how to handle them anymore. Instead of dealing with them then, I pushed them off. And now that I'm older and can understand what actually happeend to me, I'm forced to deal with it. And all I want to do is go inside and take my mother's boyfriends gun and just take it to my fucking head. Even four years ago I wasn't as serious as killing myself as I am now. I want nothing more than for this pain to just go away already. And I'm tired of feeling like I have no one to turn to, I'm tired of feeling like this. I'm tired of crying my eyes out every night when no one can even hear me. I feel invisible. 

This isn't life, this is no way to live a life. This is just fucking hell. And I'm ready for all of to it just go away. 