At peace with suicide//my drafted notePeople like to tell you that you shouldn't exist for anyone else's approval. Usually they say that with regards to body image issues and the like. But these days I feel like I am only alive because it would be too much of an inconvenience to others for me to die. I truly, wholeheartedly, do not want to be alive. I haven't for a while, if it were up to me I would have done it a while ago. 

But anyways, recently the thought of others' pain after my death seems to bother me less and less. After all, my life is only a blip on the earth, as well as everyone who's ever known me. If I decide to take my own life then, yes, others will mourn. Some more than others, definitely, but give it a few decades and they will be gone as well. All memory of my suicide will eventually fade. At most, my university /may/ release a mass email statement about it. But eventually everyone will forget, or won't be alive to remember. 

Recently I've been trying to think of reasons to stay in this world. I tried really hard to make up some goal that would maybe motivate me to stay here, but all it did was stress me out. Do I want to make a difference in the world? Do I wanna help people? Doctor? Teacher? Lawyer? The answer never came, only a completely blank thought process.

I've also been thinking about how people sometimes regret the life path they have taken. They say, "I have wasted my potential". Regarding that, I take peace knowing that I never had potential to begin with. I am not wasted potential; I am a waste of space. I have been suicidal since I was 11, therefore I never even expected to make it to my current ripe old age of 20. I never had any plans for life. I never thought about careers or college programs or anything that would make me happy in the future. I never saw the big picture because I never thought I'd live this long. This used to make me sad, but now I realize that's the greatest freedom I could have gotten. Now, I don't even have the obligation to go through with any big plans. If something happens, cool!! But like, I could take my own life right now and have absolutely no regrets because I never set any goals to begin with. 

Do you remember being a small child and answering correctly to a question in class? You felt a sense of internal accomplishment, "yes, I did it. I got it right. This is the truth." Well, this is how I feel when I think about taking my own life. I feel as if it is, and always have been, the correct answer for me. And I'm finally at a point where I am okay with that.