I feel like I shouldn’t have lived for so longI don’t expect anyone to read my sob story. But thank you if you did. 

Since a young age i knew i would die young. I struggled with depression since i was 11 or 12 due to my narcissistic and abusive parents. I’ve tried to end it before i turned 14 by falling off a tree i climbed. I climbed it so fucking often. I’ve had so much pressure on me since i was young. Best grades, best appareance, best behaviour. Never talk about problems. I begged any higher entity to end me because i couldn’t do it properly. A fucking coward. My whole family and relatives put such high expectations on me.  I’m 21 now. And that’s past the lifetime i expected for me. I honestly thought i’d never make it past 19. I was happy to think i’ve never make it past 19. Since then something just completely died inside of me and it gets worse. I’ve been forced to have a high paying job to support my family so i chose what was most bearable for me. But after 4 years i cant do it anymore. My parents kicked me out with 17 but still expect me to do everything for them since they don’t speak the language here. I get panic attacks everytime i see family or relatives calling. My dad caught the virus and has been in the hospital since march. He almost died. I begged god to take me instead. I told him to take everything from me and give it to my dad. I’ve been assigned the legal guardian of my dad since nobody else in my family could do it. I have so much to do. So many calls, so much debt, so many court calls. My mom is not appreciating anything i do. My sister is 17 and she is expected to do nothing. My mom guilt trips me to do the most simplest stuff like go to appointments with her. For the lockdown i worked in homeoffice and i felt so relieved. I love my colleagues but hate my job. I have to go back now and i can’t. I have insomnia and haven’t slept for months. If i do fall asleep i wake up with a panic attack. I want this all to end. I’ve put on so much weight. I feel so heavy and dead inside. The only reason i haven’t done it yet is my boyfriend. He is the light of my life and helps me so much. But i burden him with my problems just as much and i don’t want that. I think he deserves better. It would be better to just go. I don’t care if i go to hell or to nothingness. I already feel like i’m in hell. I can’t being myself to cut so i starve. My therapist gave up on me. Last time he got so fed up and got aggressive and it scared me. Four years i’ve been there. I guess i’m hopeless. The only way for me to go would be to poison myself since my psychiatrist or doc don’t want to give me sleeping pills. I’ve laid out my plans. I can get the stuff since it’s just berries that grow locally that are highly toxic and deadly in the right amount. I don’t need to worry about my belongings they will be gone and my flat is cancled by my landlord anyways. I know a place i would like to do it. I’m on my last string. My boyfriend said it will get all better. We will live together and i can change my workplace. He is so sweet. And i’m just a burden. I don’t know why he likes me so much. He deserves better. But i don’t want to hurt him. I’m so sorry.