I’m plagued by fearI can’t find any reason to sustain my existence. I think I’m going to kill myself soon. I’ve been saying that for two years, but every day I feel closer to death.

Let me introduce myself. I’m a walking bag of shit and a retard. That’s an honest description that I give myself. I will not deny my opinions of myself. 

My problems are so unusual that I have trouble even describing them, and I don’t enjoy disclosing personal details even if it is anonymous. 50% of my dysfunction is due to my appearance. Now, I won’t go into detail about what this means, but I will say that I have permanent physical effects from an awful mistake I’ve made in the past. I can’t even go to the grocery store or talk with another person unless I am under very certain circumstances. I am the manifestation of shame in the form of a walking bag of shit. Because of my physical appearance, I can’t connect with anyone at all. Most people don’t know how to respond to me. I don’t blame them.

The other 50% of my misery stems from my psychological disturbances. I’m obviously depressed and full of anxiety, but there’s much more to it. I live in constant fear. I hate physical pain. Sometimes I can’t stand up straight because I’m thinking about how awful it would be to get stabbed. Even the coldness after a shower is enough to make me cower and almost pass out because it feels so terrible. I’m triggered by every thing I see. I can’t even fathom how someone can persevere through childbirth or some other painful event and come away from it without some psychological damage. 

I can’t handle the fact that horrible things happen to people across the entire world. I’ve seen videos on r/watchpeopledie and read all sorts of things to prove that the world is mostly an indifferent and painful place. The happiness and smiles that people carry seem like an illusion. Does anybody truly want to be alive?

This world is made for people who enjoy pain and suffering. Not those of us who are sensitive and exist as a product of fear. Life is a sick joke. Some people can swim through life without much issue. Some have to get fed oatmeal by a caregiver and have no friends or family to visit them. Some get their faces peeled off my Mexican cartels. Don’t tell me that life is beautiful because you go skiing in your first world country or because you read a Hunter S Thompson book. No one deserves to suffer like some do every day. Saying the life is worth living is an insult to those people who are living in literal hell. Those people who are hurting are sacrificing themselves so the lucky few can say “Just be positive, bro” or something else equally as stupid.

If I had the ability to eliminate all humans from Earth, I wouldn’t even give it a second thought. It’s a controversial thing to say, but extinction is what’s best for people in my opinion. It provides the least amount of suffering for the most amount of people. I seriously think that people should stop breeding. Just end this stupid shit. 

So that’s why I want to die. Despite how much I’d like to end my life, I’m still terrified of death. Non-existence is evokes feeling of terror even though it is equivalent to a deep dark relaxing sleep. I even have horrible thoughts about the afterlife. What if reality isn’t what rational scientific people claim it to be? What if I die and then begin to exist in an even more painful reality? Because that’s just how fucked up the universe is, I guess.

Reading this post makes me feel so dumb, but I’ve chosen to post it anyway because it’s entirely honest. I’m very much disgusted by my existence. I’m sick of the panic and anxiety. I can’t handle the depression and isolation. I’m done trying to function as a healthy adult.