Needed somewhere to vent. I'm so sorry for this.Honestly, I don't see why I an typing this. I don't give a shit for upvotes/downvotes, comments or anything in the world. It seems like a waste of time, but screw it. Might as well spend the little time I have before I do flip out. I'm sorry for venting here, I don't have friends so. Best to see at least one person to skim through this. Thanks.

Either way, blah blah. I'm 16 and highly suicidal. Why? People. People are the biggest scums of this place we call the world. I grew up in basically a drug home. I was young, so I didn't understand. Until I basically found out when I got older. That drugs can affect anyone. My family just basically sells my shit or either pawns it. I got a job, and guess what? I'm getting robbed of my money for that drug abuse my family needs, apparently. I'm sick of breathing. I'm getting screamed at everyday in this home, for what reason? Oh, drug withdrawal. Or they are bored. My mother is a cunt. She made me this way. Lose all of my confidence, calling me worthless, disgusting, ugly.. You name it. All I do is sit in a room all day, and do the same thing. Stare at a TV, I guess I'm lucky. I'm not homeless, but I would rather be homeless, and dead. 

Life is beautiful, but some parts of it are. The people? No. How my life is only worth a certain amount of cash. Below 100$, we aren't nothing to the world. At least me. I just want to kill myself, it hurts. Bleed out, or have a gun to my head. Perhaps even overdose on my medication I've gotten. The medication that makes me feel something I should feel naturally. I just fucking hate myself so much. I'm ashamed to see myself in the mirror, or even a reflection on my phone. I feel so fucking broken. My purpose is nothing. I even tried calling the suicide Hotline, did that get me anywhere? Nnnnopes. I really didn't either. I'm suffering from anxiety to other levels. I'm scared to even get help. Why? I'm broken. I don't even have friends. No friends at all. Nobody likes me. I'm quiet, and pathetic. So ashamed.

I just want to die, I'm sick of the same thing everyday. The people of the world pushing me for their own smiles, I'm ruined. I'm so unhappy. Unhealthy. Burning up, pull the trigger on my head. I hate myself. I hate it. I hate everything. 

Sorry for writing this all. I'm so sorry for wasting a piece of space for someone else to vent out and get the help they'd need. 