i think i’ve just ruined my future, now i want to die loli’m a softball player, who’s been told many times since i was little that i’m good enough to play on a college team one day. not anything crazy like d1, but enough to make it yanno?

softball isn’t really just a sport to me anymore, it’s kind of who i am in a way... when people talk about me the first thing that they reference is my playing. i like it that way, not the attention, but the ignorance it creates about everything else about me (if that makes sense). i’ve grown up dealing with severe anxiety, social phobia, ptsd, depression, all the works. softball is an escape from that, it always has been.

i’ve attended college camps for the sport, and have been for the past year-ish, and i’m feeling okay with where i am, but there’s a school i really like. i was invited there earlier in february, went, was riddled with anxiety but tried my hardest despite shaking, and made an “okay” relationship with the coaches. despite being a wreck i was invited back this month for another, similar camp. i was so anxious, worse than the last time a few months ago. 

so basically, after the school tour (which i’ve been on before) and “dinner”, i was feeling so gross and uncomfortable (warning signs of my panic attacks) that i had a talk with my mom who was with me. 

we came to an agreement on asking the coach if i could just stay the night back at the hotel, instead of in their dorms with the other girls. i thought this would make me feel better - more comfortable.

i was wrong...

after getting dressed out of my casual clothes into my softball pants and stuff, i waited with the others that were being assigned dorm rooms, but i was off to the side since i wouldn’t be staying with anyone. i felt so sick to my stomach, got chills (more severe warning signs of attacks), and texted my mother to “please come inside”, meaning the holding area for all of us. at that point i felt like i was drowning. i knew i couldn’t play like that. it was so frustrating.

soon after that, they began to file out of the field house room, leaving my mom and me, and some other parents hanging back. i told my mom right then and there “i can’t do this”. it held so many meanings, not just softball. i’ve never been a quitter, but i wanted to crawl up in bed (5 hours away, by the way) and.... die? 

i was so frustrated, and i still am. i hate myself for being like this, covered in a cold sweat from panic, holding myself back from reaching my only real “dream” i have; the only thing that reassured me when i want to throw in the towel and pick up a blade again or something... 

i wish i was like the other girls, playing like their fine, nervous or not. i want this so bad (maybe too bad), and i screwed it up with my mental problems again. all i could think about last night was sneaking from the hotel and ending it. i still want to, but know i have to move on like i always do.

i just don’t think i can go on like this... i’m so tired. 

sorry for the long story, but it feels better to “vent”. if i talk to my parents, i’ll probably be admitted to inpatient again, and that’s the last thing i need right now.