Story Of My Life (or maybe just the past four years) I have no idea where to start with all of this, but here goes. 
I am 20 years old, just shy of 21. About 4 years ago, my best friend and I, whom I had known since 5th grade or so got pretty far into a cocaine habit with some lady friends that we knew. I was and still am a drug abuser... but I love drugs, this isn't the root of the problem. 

 I could tell many excellent/hilarious stories from those days, but the one that is most important is my ex-girlfriend.  After quite a few coke parties, we ended up hooking up one night, and after that for almost two years we were inseparable, and I'd have to say probably the best two years of my life so far. After we hooked up, my life changed. We both stopped doing drugs, and more importantly, I completely shut off contact with my best friend. I really don't know why this happened, maybe i didn't want anything to come between me and my GF or something else but it happened, and I feel terrible about the whole thing. (we've talked all this over now, and its behind us but i still feel this fissure between us)  Anyways, like most of my relationships with anyone, things started to go downhill... we spent a hell of a lot more time arguing, fighting... whatever. So she decides to "break up" with me. I'm fine with that... but the thing is, she's still around me all the time. I don't mean we're just friends around me all the time, I mean we sleep in the same bed and do the same shit we did every day before this "break up" happened, even though she had moved out of my home. Admittedly, I was quite confused by all of this. (i'm pretty sure anyone in this position would have been) Fast forward a month or so, she stops by my house asking to do laundry... whatever, go for it... One of my other friends and I decide to go swimming at our local swimming hole while she's doing that, and well... we come back about an hour later and...

**MY HOUSE IS ON FIRE WTFOMG**

 So it turns out that the dryer vent was clogged and burned it down. so I'm feeling pretty down by this point, after having lost my girlfriend and my home of 18 years and all my shit. Not a week later she decides to just end our entire relationship there, she takes our dog that i had been taking care of while she has sex with one of my other friends and never speaks to me again... until about three or four months after this had happened. i had gotten over her by that point, then she just shows up one day and starts this whole "I'm sorry, I love you" story thing, and for some reason we ended up back together for a few months. We ended up breaking up again over some stupid bullshit that i really couldn't remember for the life of me. I go back to my old standard of smoking pot and generally not giving a fuck, life is good.

 Jump to tonight, I see this chick at a show and we get to talking, and its all just a conversation about how she just wants to see me happy or whatever, and I find out she's leaving. Almost immediately after I talk to her, I ended up leaving and not seeing the band that i went to see. I felt like shit the whole ride home, so i get home and crack open a beer, then another one, and so on and so forth until im so piss drunk that I write this post.

 I honestly have no idea where i'm going with this, i left out soooo many details that are probably important, but I just wanted someone to hear my story. I don't really why I'm posting this in the SuicideWatch subreddit other than the fact that I've given thought to the idea many times during this whole ordeal. Comments/Questions?