I'm tired of being a worthless asshole and but its just what I am. I don't want to burden those around me anymore.Highborn. Fat. Money , trips to the caribbean sea, endless stream of love and support from my family and Friends, a life of doing nothing but smoking weed and playing videogames while living at mom's. I don't feel thankful even if I should. I can't come through with anything I want to do. I can't socialize properly. I play videogames all day long and still suck at them. I can't do sports. I dropped out of highschool. I NEVER got special attention from a girl in my life, actually I did once, but I ran off to tell everyone that I was with her and when she confronted me I instantly replied with " go fuck yourself". My father loves me a lot and I left him because mom lets me smoke pot. I now only visit him when I need money for weed or another material. My mom is depressed and she has to put up with me and my stoner Friends everyday feeding every one of them. I didnt attend my father's grandma last birthday before she died. In fact I NEVER attend anyone's birthday but I feel angry of they don't attend mine. I always call black people thieves or drug addicts. Asians I call adicted gamers or ninjas. I discriminate everyone I can't relate with. I am ugly.  Socially awkward. I offend people who haven't wronged me ever. I talk shit about everyone behind their backs. I want to kill someone one day just to feel taking someone's life and letting all my anger out. I make myself busy to my only real Friends just to not share them my weed. I tried to fuck my dog. I broke people's hearts many times. I don't trust anyone. I always disturb everyone's plans with my problems. I am literally a waste of space food love trust hope and money. Always try to convince myself that I am not this way or that I didnt do such bad things but when life tests me I always fail and prove once more that I am and I did everything that I just said. I tried to rejoin highschool three times and dropped out every time. I tried to improve my physical condition and I gave up every time. I tried to correct myself as a person but once I stop feeling like a piece of shit I start being one at them same time. I can't change what I am. I am shit. I don't want to die but I want all of this self pitying and lying to stop. I want everyone to stop caring for me because I don't deserve it. I can't even charm a girl, so I can't procreate therefore I can't even do the human basic function. I am a horrible person. I fail at everything I try. I can't ever change that. I should had been dead a long while ago. I NEVER deserved life. I was always a dumb, clunky, ugly, fat, selfish, superiorist dogfucker. I don't want to die because I am a pussy. But deep down I know the only good thing I can do for the world is killing myself .  Thanks for reading. Wont suicidé but definetely having increased suicidal thoughts and a huge feeling of worthlessness. Lets hope it stay that way.
