Help me part twoWhy. My dumb ass mother didn't use protection so now I'm here. Then I was raised by god damn Baptist grandparents. When I was in their care, my fucking uncle raped me. My grandmother caught him french kissing me, and she made me feel like shit for letting him touch me. Religion was shoved down my throat. Fuck you religous assholes. Fuck you for thinking that if people don't meet your quota then they go to hell. Dicks. Then, when I finally felt like I could trust someone, he left me for my best friend. Then, I met what I would like to call my soul mate. Except that he lived two states over. He came to live with me, and left me because he missed his friends and family. Then there's the fact that I've worked my ass off. Worked it off to finish my Bachelor degree. The best offer I have from that TEN YEAR STRUGGLE is an entry position, lower then what I've been doing for FIVE YEARS.  

To top it off, as much as I hate my grandparents for their religion, my grandmother was the only person in this world that ever listened. She left me. My aunts convinced her that life wasn't worth living, so she gave up. Never once did she ask me. The person she supposedly loved.  

I have friends. They never ask about how I'm doing, and the handfull that do, I will not bring them down with this baggage. I don't want them to feel my pain. I don't want to hurt them. Ever. However, if any of them were to ever give a shit and reach out and ask, I would tell them anything. But no one cares that much about me. The ones that finally ask, they walk away. They all walk away and leave me here. Even more alone.

I care too much about people who don't give a fuck about me. 

Tonight was a celebration of finally graduating. Not even 1/3 of the people showed up after I made arrangements THREE MONTHS AGO. I am so dissapointed, and so depressed, and I have no eight ro be either, because a handful showed up. No family, just friends. 

I am so done. Fuck you, "family". Liars. I will never forget.

TLDr - do I need a therapist, psychiatrist, or what? I'm tired of feeling like this. Do you think I can be fixed?