Can anyone help me? I'm not really sure where to begin, but I guess it would help to know that I am a guy,15 (16 in a few days). Yes, I know the difference between hormones and actual depression, I've been in a somewhat severe depression for over a year now. I'm not really sure what I intend to get out of this, but I have no idea what else to do since I don't really have anyone to talk to. My mom has asked me on several occasions if I am depressed, but I just can't tell her the truth, so I just tell her that I'm fine every time. I've attempted suicide once, but it's been a year since that and unless you count the multiple times I've put a gun to my head and thought "I could end this right now", it's the only real attempt I've ever had, but nobody even knows that I'm depressed or suicidal. I can barely concentrate on anything anymore and the smallest things bring me to the point of wanting to beat my brains out with a hammer. I barely passed some classes last year, and I'm already starting to fall behind this year. I used to be an average kid, but ever since last year when this started, i purposely outcast myself because I have an apathetic hatred toward everyone. It's nearly impossible to find interest in even my favorite activities. I actually enjoy being sick most of the time, I guess because I feel that I deserve it and it gives me a chance to smother myself in my own self-hatred, which is mainly what I do during my freetime in school. At this point I'm aware that this is hopping from subject to subject, mainly because I'm having a really hard time keeping my thoughts together, so sorry if this isn't making much sense. When this started last year it progressively got worse every month, then by March of this year it started to get to the point where I don't really feel anything but the self-hatred and disinterest are still there in a numb way. I find this to be absolute torture and I actually miss the days when I felt like I couldn't finish the day without killing myself. At least I was feeling something then. Now it's really hard for me to do almost anything, even if I want to do something, it's almost like my body refuses to let me. Over the last few days, I've been taking melatonin, because it actually gives me that run down feeling that I used to have. Whenever I can get my hands on a painkiller, cough syrup, etc., it's gone before long because I feel like it gives me a temporary mood, but i rarely ever have anything like that. I've felt more suicidal again lately, because I feel as if I'm of no importance to anyone, i will never have any direction in life, and in my eyes i'll always be a failure and my dreams are were too high to achieve. I don't think anyone should care about me. In my eyes I'll never live up to the standards I wanted for myself. I don't believe in teenage love, so I've never had a girlfriend and no longer have intentions of finding one as I'm better off alone. I've come to hate almost every one of the people who consider themselves my "friends" as most of them are just egotistical jerks who have no concern for anything except themselves or making fun of each other for entertainment. A lot of times i wish i could just get up in the middle of school, walk all the way home, lay down on my bed and die. I no longer feel comfortable around people and loath being in conversation with most people. I used to cut myself very often but rarely do it anymore, although I have considered starting again. I would call a hotline, but i can't allow myself to tell anyone personally, it bothers me so much that I feel like I am beyond the point of help. I'm fairly certain that it would take some kind of special therapy to fix me, because i don't think a fast paced therapy would help me at all. I know that there is a nice adolescent mental health center with a residential segment in a city somewhat close to where i live, and I long to go there and get help, but I can't make myself call. I have no idea what to do anymore, and death still seems like a brighter option. Sorry about this incomprehensable wall of text, i just needed somewhere to at least put what's on my mind and maybe get some kind of helpful advice.