I am very close to committing suicide. I feel so alone and see no point to living this life anymore.I am a 22 year old female. I have been contemplating suicide for a few months, but now I feel closer than ever. I will tell my story below. It will be long, so thanks in advance for reading.. 

I live with my parents and I go to university. I am studying business. I hate living with my parents so much, but it's free (as long as I go to school) and I can't afford nothing else. I know it may sound ungrateful and like everyone's dream to be an adult and live at home, but it is miserable. My parents constantly yell at me and my younger brother. I never really feel comfortable in my own home.. I can't relax. 

I have been dating my boyfriend for three years now. He is constantly gaslighting me, to the point where I constantly question not just my interactions with him, but with other people. He is so jealous, that when I quit my job with only female coworkers to work in a job where there are men, I have basically lied and never told him about the men. He constantly tells me to shut up, that I'm annoying, stupid, and a hoe. Without reason, he can go from suddenly lovely/kind to me, to hating me. He has raped me in the past as well - we were high on mushrooms, and we had sex. At first, it was consensual, but then I started having a bad trip. I was lying there sobbing, and begging him to stop, telling him I didn't want to do this anymore. He did not care at all.. Whenever I talk about my feelings, he gets angry at me if he doesn't agree with why I'm upset.

I have no friends, except for my boyfriend. He hated all of them, and I was slowly forced into cutting them from my life.

I feel so cold and alone right now. I fantasize about killing myself in order to get to sleep at night. I see no point to this anymore. This life is going nowhere. I am a loser. 

I feel very close to committing suicide. I don't want to do this anymore. There is no point to life, we all die anyways and all of our hopes, dreams, sorrows, quirks, goals, etc. die with us. I traced my family tree back to the 1600s. Do I care about these people? Do I know what they look like? Do I know anything about their lives? The answer is no, and nothing I do in this life will matter in the end. 

I'm just not sure what to do or how to feel anymore. Please let me know what I should do or how I could feel better... I hate this so much. I hate my life.

Thank you for reading. 