I don't know if I'm depressed, having an existential crisis, or just ....I apologize in advance for the wall of text and maybe the incoherence of the text.

I don't exactly know how to start this. It's been almost a year since my younger brother committed suicide which accidentally lead to the death of my father. I always knew he was often sad, maybe depressed but since going to college, I didn't contact him much so the event was a shot in the gut.

I am currently a junior in college at a "top tier" university. Throughout high school, I struggled with depression inwardly. I never had any close friends/still don't. I have friends who are generally all very positive, intelligent and for the most part happy with life. 

Regardless of the university, I'm currently struggling to get an internship for the summer (which contributes significantly to this I believe?). The friends I've mentioned have all secured their internships with some extremely prestigious companies. (I honestly don't know if/why they associate with me.)

I mentioned that I've struggled with depression for a long time. I always attributed to my lack of a significant other/lack of career opportunities. In high school, the former led me to thoughts of suicide but I managed to overcome it by almost suppressing the urge. In college, the urge remained dormant until this year, the trigger being my friends getting SO's and internships. 

After hearing what happened, I honestly just suppressed the emotions because I knew I couldn't handle facing it mentally. (I still don't think I've truly opened up that Pandora's Box.) 

I'm sad that I don't have anyone to talk to. I'm sad that I can't hug anyone when I feel like dying. I'm sad that I'm an idiot who can't get an internship. I'm sad that I've wasted these years of college being depressed and antisocial. I'm sad every time I see a couple. I'm sad every time I get a rejection letter. 

In front of others, I always maintain some semblance of  happiness. Though I think some of my friends know of the tragedies, I have not talked to anyone about it. 

I don't know what to do anymore. If I don't get an internship for the summer, I'm fucked. I already wasted my college years so I'm fucked socially. As a person, I'm probably extremely generic and mundane to talk to. I just don't know why I exist as a person anymore. 