I feel I have no futureHey.   
I'm using a throw away account so that I can post this.  
I just got a letter denying me of disability supplemental income again.   
So, I won't be getting any income help and I'll I have to live on will be the minimum wage I make working 11 hours a week. Though, right now, I only work 6 hours a week because I was on medical leave and I need to adjust my way back in.  


I have severe anxiety and other mental disabilities.   
I have social anxieties attacks, as well as attacks from being sensory overloaded.  Simply being out of the house drains me.   
My work recently changed the dress policy, so now for shirts, we can only wear white collared dress shirts.   
I had an anxiety attack in the middle of Target because I couldn't find a plain white collared dress shirt that wouldn't upset my sensory issues with fabric.   


I once had an anxiety attack in Staples because the machine wasn't working and I didn't know what to do, and couldn't initiate the task of getting the attention of a worker for help.  
These are just some examples of the small, little things that can easily set me off.

I'm unable to work more than what I do because of my issues. Even at this small amount, I have severe panic attacks because of having my senses overstimulated from the environment. There are times when I physically can't even speak, or I start to stutter because of it. I'm in a constant struggle to keep myself at an okay level when I'm out of the house, especially when I'm at work. Every sound, every sight, every person, every temperature-everything about wherever I am builds up my sensory issues and social anxiety. I'm constantly trying to balance it and stave off a panic attack.  


Right now, I live with my father, rent free. He's in his 70's.  
I know that he's going to pass away someday. I know that when that happens, I will essentially be doomed. I can't support myself enough to pay for gas or water or electricity.  

I will essentially just be unable to exist.  I don't have a future. It feels like everyday is just a countdown.  
There isn't a job that exists that I would be able to support myself on  that I could feasibly obtain. 

I'm too disabled to support myself, but not considered disabled enough to be deserving of financial help.  


I've tried to think of other jobs I could get. Everytime I am job searching, I read the requirements and I end up just crying. Because I fit none of the requirements for any job. I can't work more than 11 hours. I can't handle a busy, fast paced environment. I can't travel far for work, since I can't drive.  

I'm lucky I even have the job I have now. I got it years and years ago because my cousin worked there. 

My anxieties and issues weren't as bad back then. 

These days, I work 11 hours for 5 or so hours a day, and I need to spend the rest of the week recovering from the experience.

My only feasible option would be some kind of work from home type things, but I don't have any skills in that area. 

It just feels like I'd be better off just getting things over with and killing myself. I don't have a future, anyways. The future consists of me essentially living on the streets homeless because I can't afford to support myself in any feasible way, and I'm not considered disabled enough to warrant government help. That's not a future I want. That's not a future at all.

There's no point in me being alive. My life is hopeless and I don't have a future.   
