Do you ever just feel like your to much...
This past week has been so hard me, no one gets it. I had a huge reaction to an anti depressants and everyone I went to about my struggling to breathing and other side effects (drs, hospital etc) all said "antidepressants have side effects for a few weeks stick to them. You should be fine and see your normal GP" my normal gp is packed out.
I know this! But the sheet the pharmacist gave me and online. Said one of side effect I was having was an emergency and go to hospital. No one took me seriously. I took the tablet every night. Living through this breathing issue. I didn't sleep well because of it. I had to cancel appts. Nnot go to my course etc. Walk my dogs and agility. I felt so scared. 

I was lucky to book in for him next week but to deal with this aweful problem. I called the big city hospital and dad drove me there. I was a mess. They freaked out and instantly told me Im not over exagerating and actually looked up the tablet and found out it is the sign of allergic reaction. 

All these drs before didn't even spend 5 mins to look up what the tablet was and it's normal side effects and bad ones.

Since this my moods, me. I havent been well. I dont know if its because my anxiety is through the roof with the incident. I am fucking scared. Or the meds coming out my system is effecting me but I was only on them 2 weeks. And 1/2 a tablet to. I keep having mood swings (which Im on meds for...bipolar) I have hurt myself. Im having a huge break down. And I really dont know why. I feel so alone. I feel soooo I cant explain it. 
Im sick of feeling like I have to hurt myself to get the help i need. 
I am sick of feeling like a burden on people.
I think I need more help again. Like hospital. But then I will feel even worse because I will feel like someone else could have my bed. someone more important. 
Im sick of not having anyone. Then when i share my feelings, people are like "Im here for you" when realistically they actually aren't. Never are. Im so fucking alone. And Im really at breaking point.

