why people just never understand ?my name is don and I were in deep depression for a long time, for 10 years and I still can't get away from it. I was borned in a broken family, my dad and mum divorced and my elder sister leave home. since I was born, I didn't get any respect from my family and teachers. when I get good results in exam or award on competition, they just don't care about my hardwork on it and never give me inspiration and praise. also they think everything should be perfect or they will get mad and hit me ,even I were 9. I remember that time ,my mum ask me to fix a cctv systems when I were 10. obviously i can't fix that and she started to bully me by saying bad things like 'you are fucking trash.' 'why you use the computer all day but can't even fix a cctv ?' that's really hurt my feelings because she declined me on everything I try hard. and everything in my life just become so fucked up, I were always tortured by my elder sister because I am the only boy in the family and my mum think the junior must obey to senior, I were bully in school because I am short. after all this shit, I lose passion to everything, nothing in life is meaningful and my body statistics become worse. I can't sleep at night and days  until I almost fainted , my head always feel painful. so I had seek for medical care in hospital and the doctor just keep asking you why you feel so depress but do nothing helpful about it. In hospital, my family visit me a lot but they are the one who hurt me and I meet many people feel disappointed about life which let me feel more despair. why people just don't understand the struggle of us (people suffer from depression) and what we need ? all you need to do is stop hurting them and ask them about their feelings and leave him alone if you hurt him before because he will feel depress when he see you again. also doctor please stop asking those stupid question again and again (even I answered ) and do something useful like tell some jokes to distract us from the dark reality. STOP BEING A RETARD. 