[24F] My life is a disaster, and no one knows it.From the outside, I think most of my friends assume I'm doing fine. Nice job, little debt, live on my own in my own place.

My life sucks. I'm shitty at my job. I'm depressed and don't come in four out of five days of the job. This has been going on for more than a year. I don't know why they don't fucking fire me. Is it altruism? Is it because I'm only one of two ladies in the programming department? Do they not know?

They've been so good to me at the company I work for, and all I want to do is quit. I'm not capable of giving anything back. Even when I try, I just fail.

My boyfriend is a mess and somewhat emotionally abusive. We've been together years now. But at this point I don't think anyone else would love me. I don't have anything to offer anyone. My facade of "successful career woman" is a lie, I can't cook, my house is a mess, I don't have any hobbies. I'm not hot. I have literally nothing to offer anyone, but I don't want to be alone.

I've thought about suicide, a lot, all my life. After I first started getting treatment as a teenager, things got a lot better, but now I feel like shit again.

I've felt like this for at least, idk, two years now. And the thing that hurts most is that I feel like I did everything people who are mentally ill should do. I went to therapy, I changed psychs, I tried a new medication. But I still feel the same, and none of these people seem to give a shit. I'm tired of screaming that I need help and nobody caring.

I read an article about imposter syndrome the other day and cried. I felt like such a failure in my job, even before everything started falling apart.

I told my shitty boyfriend because he's the only person I feel like I can talk to. The next day, we got high and he mocked me for asking him about a chess book recommendation (he plays). "Wow, you must have been pretty high to ask about that, right?"

Fuck you, man. I just wanted to do something with my life other than sit on reddit and suck my own dick. I'm sorry, asshole.

I left him for two months once and it didn't really help with my depression and then I decided I wanted to get laid again. Fuck me.

I've tried to dig myself out, but I can't. The only reason I haven't offed myself yet is because when I'm feeling down enough to do it I also feel too lethargic to do anything about it.