Just feel so aloneBroke up with my GF of 5 years yesterday. While that is difficult in and of itself (as i still love her but she had fallen out of love with me - don't blame her at all) the real struggle is that i moved from UK to New Zealand to be with here. Have been here a year and a half now and haven't made a single friend. 

While we were together i could kind of put that out of my mind. We lived together so she was always there and as my social life died i leant more on her.

This is really difficult as i was someone who always had tons of friends around me growing up. While i did go through a pretty sever bout of depression in my teens (including self harm and a suicide attempt) it is something I haven't really lived with since then.

However over the last 6 months, as my relationship deteriorated, that old whisper started to re-emerge. Would just be getting on with my day and it would come out of Nowhere "Kill yourself"  would sometimes even shock me.

However increasingly it has moved from a one off whisper to a never ending shout and is all i can think about.

A old coping strategy i used to have was listing all the things i was thankful for/good things i had going in my life....however i can't name one at the moment.

I can't sleep (currently 4am and be awake for hours) and all i am thinking about is how do i go on. I can't face being alone every single day. I have literally no one - there are only 3 numbers stored in my phone 1 is my ex and the other 2 are work.

See people on here who are saying that their friends are getting tired of them and i am so jealous. To have someone to talk to - even about the most trivial of things would be a lifeline i can only dream of right now.

As i look forward to weekends spent entirely alone, birthday with no one to spend it with, Xmas with not a person around I really don't think i can take it any more.

The real kicker is - if i kill myself at home no one would even know until the rent didn't get paid.......that's how much i mean to people