I don't give a shit if I hurt anyone anymore.Everyone is so fucking selfish and so am I. I love nothing more than myself - I am a lazy piece of shit who would rather spend time playing video games all day instead of finding a job and studying - I have no real skills. The moment I get cut off from Internet, it's the moment I go to the shooting range, put a gun in my mouth and press the trigger as many times as possible.

I don't fucking care about anyone but myself, I've never loved anyone, not even my parents as much as I tried and as much as they have given me so much. I can't repay anything back because I'm just a burden, a joke, a black sheep who is talked about on family meetings when someone misbehaves ("Careful, you do not want to end up like Stop_This_Pain, don't you? Now study and work hard.)

The best part is I don't want to change myself - I'm comfortable with being a lazy piece of crap. The only time I leave the house is when my dad comes home, so he doesn't talk with me about my future and how I wasted all the money on my silly fantasies and college abroad (which I obviously failed.)

If only I had the courage to take some immense pain for a brief moment. I don't want to spend a majority of time waiting to die in agony - it scares the fuck out of me.

No one can help anymore, I can only help myself and I don't want to help myself, cause in my mind I'm doing nothing wrong. I'm comfortable where I am, but it's not a way to live in modern society. 

I've bought a lotto ticket yesterday, because I'm so fucking gullible that I could win this shit, repay my debt, repay what I owe to my family and maybe, maybe think about my future (or spend the rest of my life basking in cash only to end up poor again and truly hopeless, after I spend everything.)

I am a selfish piece of shit and I deserve to be killed. Hell, maybe my dad will stop putting up with me and finally throw me off the balcony one day. He'd be doing my family a great relief.

I have nowhere else to turn to, except a cashing job for the rest of my fucking life in a shit country with politicians stupid as shit (yet I don't give a fuck about politics, I don't even know who the major politicians are.)

I want to die so badly. 