I find myself at a loss.I suppose it's important to note that both of my parents are diagnosed bipolar, my mother (to my memory) has attempted suicide two or three times, and my dad probably countless. 

Since I've been out of high school I've found it very hard to make and keep friends. I enjoy being around people very much but for the most part I feel like I'm being annoying if I try to text them too often or whatever. I figure if they arn't interested in me enough, then I guess they really shouldn't be my friend, right?

Well, my boyfriend and I broke up three weeks ago. His name is Ryan. I was absolutely devastated. I was very committed to him and I loved him very much, but a few months before it had seemed he went through a change, he wasn't as passionate about me anymore, it left me feeling very unwanted. It's so hard to watch your best friend, the person you think you're going to spend the rest of your left with do a complete 180. It was so sudden, I thought it was a phase. His mom and just gotten remarried and his grandmother had just died I thought he was just going through some things. Things didn't get better, one drunken night with our friends we all talked about what was going on and I cried to him and he said he would work on it. Things got better for a while... but three weeks ago I just broke down and had a fit mourning the man I feel in love with. That night I tried to talk to him about things we could do to make our relationship better. At that point we were working together so I asked if we could switch shifts or maybe I get another job. I had been wanting a new one anyway. For all I've been told and know he was in love with me and hadn't had a thought about leaving me before, but on that night he decided that it would be best for me if he left. I tried to talk him out of it, but he said he was tired of hurting me and he wanted me to be happy.

At that point in my life there were only 3 people I would really consider to be my friends. Ryan, our mutual friend Steve and another of our coworkers Amanda. Ryan left and went to Steve's house while I desperately tried to find someone to talk to. There was no one. In my darkest hour I had no one to be there for me. I spend the night having a crying fit every half an hour. I finally fell asleep for only 4 hours and woke up by jumping out of my bed and pacing around my house crying.  

Ryan has been staying on Steve's couch.

The first week was hard, but I tried to put myself out there and spend as little time at home as I could.

The second week was far far better and I almost started to feel a little like myself again. 

This third week it's begun. Since Ryan and Steve have been living together they're always together and I always hear at work about the parties they had or whatever... While I'm alone. Since the break up no one from work has invited me anywhere, I was actually pretty crushed when Ryan told me that Amanda and her friend had invited them out to lunch one time. I feels like everyone had chosen him over me. i side in my house going crazier and crazier. 

It's almost like there are two mes right now. It seems... to come in waves. Like I'll feel almost normal again... and then something will happen and I'll just feel like a worthless mess. That I'm burdening everyone and my life would be better off not existing. I'm so nice I want to fucking kill myself. It's pathetic.

In these episodes I contemplate suicide a lot. I make plans and even think of notes to go along with it. The hardest part is that the only one I have to talk to is Ryan. Steven says I keep saying stupid stuff and I just end up making Amanda very uncomfortable. Ryan says he wants to be my friend and that I'm not burdening him. He doesn't like when I talk about killing myself and he'd much rather me alive. Usually when I have these thoughts I talk to him and by the time we're done I feel much better.

To be honest, I truly truly do not want to die. 

I just dont want to live in constant pain anymore, and I'm afraid that the next episode I won't manage to shake it off before I do something drastic. 

I feel like I dont fit in at work anymore, everyone says I'm cool but no one seems to be interested in me. No one texts or calls me, while Ryan seems ever popular. This was an issue even when I was with him and has only been exacerbated since our break up. I think it's one of the things that led to our break up...