Being born is some sick cosmic fucking joke. And its not a funny one.When does life become worth living? Because there is absolutely nothing here for me. Nothing that makes life worth living.

My girlfriend raped me in November. I tried to kill myself and amassed some hospital bills. Then she abused me and kept me addicted to drugs for 7 months. I was in a addict IOP and it did nothing because of her. She caused my suicide attempt. This may sound like I’m not holding myself accountable for my behavior, but it is fact that she caused my suicide attempt.

Then I failed all of my classes. I was enduring abuse, I was severely depressed, I hated myself, and I was suicidal. She isolated me from all of my friends and family. My relationships with everybody else in my life haven’t been the same since.

Then in May I had a manic episode. I went fully crazy. I was psychotic. I was hospitalized again against my will for a week. My ex-girlfriend broke up with me while I was in the psychiatric hospital over the phone.

I was still manic when I got out. So I texted her. I thought we were still dating. I really did. I was psychotic and I thought she was still my girlfriend. I texted her mother begging and pleading. I was still in love with her daughter even though she raped me and abused me. It destroyed me. She was cruel and she insulted me and laughed at me.

Then they pressed charges against me. “Telecommunications harassment.” Now I’m on probation for 3 months. I owe the county $500 that I don’t have. I don’t have a job. I have to take a behavior class that costs $100. I have to do 24 hours of community service. She’s getting what she wanted— she’s ruining my life.

I am only 19. I’m a teenage girl. I am in so much debt. I don’t have a job. I can’t go back to school. I’m becoming depressed again. I live with my parents and I’m convinced they think I’m a freeloading loser and they want me dead.

I don’t have any friends left. I don’t have a support system. My only option is to kill myself. There is no justice for me. This will never be reconciled. I have to kill myself.