Wrote out my suicide note tonight. Still haven't fully fleshed it out yet.Mom and Dad: I love you and I’m sorry to cause you all this pain, though I’m sure, to some degree, you aren’t surprised. You guys know I’ve dealt with depression for years now, as well as the pictures you found on my camera when I was a teenager. What you may not know is that I’ve dealt with self-harm on and off for years, starting around the time of that picture, continuing occasionally once I reached about 20-21. I never told you guys about any of this because I didn’t want to make you worry. I have attempted suicide in the past as well. As for why now? There are a lot of reasons, honestly. I’ve never felt like I’ve been a particularly good son, father, or boyfriend. I know that you guys have always told me to ask when I needed help and that you’d always do what you can, but I know that you guys had to make sacrifices to do so. I  know that you think that’s your responsibility as a parent, but I know you guys still struggled so you could help me. You may not have consciously or actively thought it, but I’m sure, deep down on some level, that you guys wished I would just get my shit together and be an adult and learn to take care of myself. Well, this is the last time you’re going to have to take care of me, now.


(Girlfriend): I can’t say thank you enough or that I’m sorry enough. I know I’ve hurt you, several times. I’ve hurt you more than you ever deserved, and you’ve helped me way more than I ever deserved. I’m sorry to do this to you but I can’t take it anymore. Knowing the pains that I’ve caused you, the scars I’ve left upon you and your personality, even your mental well-being, and knowing that you’re going to carry these the rest of your life… I can’t deal with it anymore. That said, I can’t say that I ever appreciated you going through my private belongings and telling people things they needn’t know. You have issues with personal boundaries that you need to get in check. I know you’ve said time and time again that if you think something is going on, you’ll find out. I understand why you would go through my computer and my phone, but my journal is crossing the line. You’re the third fucking person in my life to go through my journal and I don’t fucking understand the logic behind it. That is a complete invasion of my privacy and my trust. And, about telling people things they don’t need to know. You’ve brought up about my bomb threat to, at least as far as I know, (old coworker), when we were on (account name). And you’ve brought up shit about my stamina/our sex life in front of people like (old coworkers), and I’m sure you’ve told others I don’t know about. While you’re doing it, you have the most smug look on your face from the sick, twisted enjoyment that you’re getting from putting me on blast in front of people. But you don’t see anything wrong with this. Maybe this will change your mind.


(Son): I love you and I’m sorry. I’m sorry that you had to grow up with me mostly not around, and with two parents that can’t stand each other. I’m sorry I won’t be around to watch you grow up, but that may end up being for the best. I’ve never been the best father to you. I’ve yelled at you for things you didn’t deserve and taken my frustration out on you for things you didn’t do, or at the very least, didn’t warrant a response like I gave you. I’m sorry for passing along this crippling mental illness, but I hope that you can cope better than I have. Please, if you’re ever feeling depressed, that you feel like hurting yourself or killing yourself or anyone else, please talk to someone. Please talk to your mom, your grandparents, your teachers, anybody. Don’t put yourself through this. You’re not weak for reaching out for help. 
