Had a breakdown at college, returned home, feeling zero motivation to start overJust a heads up: this is really, really long. I'm worried there's too much exposition to actually belong on r/SuicideWatch. If so I'm deeply sorry and please point me in a direction where this is better suited. I've never told anyone my full story or dealings with suicide and depression— at least, not the entire, whole truth. I was hoping this subreddit could listen.

So a bit of a backstory on me. I graduated from my high school with a 95 GPA. My whole life I was in  advanced classes, and always did my best. I took piano lessons, played soccer, took Chinese lessons outside of school, held down a part-time job at a local farm, was a secretary for my school's computer club, and still managed to go out with friends from time to time. I loved to draw and write, and I was considered the "artsy" girl with a quirky sense of humor at school. I wasn't popular, but I had some friends that were and some friends that weren't, and that was perfect for me.

But things only seemed outwardly okay. In reality, I'd been struggling with depression and anxiety since I was 13. To be honest... I have no idea how I managed it. I just don't think I ever confronted my feelings or problems in life. I simply stuffed them down, ignoring what was going on... brushing off suicidal feelings as normal, okay. I was in therapy and on meds and, for the most part, played my role as the "perfect daughter". Note that filling that role was really important to me. It was ingrained into me from a young age that I had no choice to be perfect (for multiple reasons). My brother Matthew was autistic, and my parents spent most of their days taking care of him. I was allistic, educated, independent, talkative— the polar opposite of Matt. And please understand, I don't hold any resentment towards him, because I love my little bro so so much, and have ended friendships because they treated my brother badly because of his autism. I wouldn't change him for the world. But the truth of the matter is, he got so much more nuturing and attention as a child than I did. It became a mantra in my head that my needs weren't as important as others' needs. To make matters worse, I also had family members that were kinda, er... delinquents? I guess that's the word I'm going with. They got in legal trouble and didn't take the "traditional" route of going to college, getting a job— they just caused a lot of conflict and stress. I saw my grandma cry over them. I was afraid that I would become like them... someone that just mooched off their family and shit in the face of everyone that cared. So I decided from a very young age I'd be perfect. I'd cause no trouble, I'd get straight-A's, I'd play a sport and an instrument and become a polyglot and an artist and a part-time novelist with a degree in international relations from a 60k/yr private school. And I didn't allow myself any room for compromise.

Things started becoming less manageable when I was 15. I think I cut for the first time then, but quickly stopped because I got caught, thankfully. Either way, I had serious self-esteem problems like every normal teen. I developed dermatillomania then, which is a nervous condition brought on by my OCD where I picked incessantly at my skin. Like, 24/7. Mostly at my hands, nails, scabs, and acne, where I'd peel off the skin until it bled. But I also ripped up my back. I would sit in front of the mirror every night in secret for 1+ hours staring at my skin, searching for imperfections, making myself bleed and actually cry from the pain. I wasn't sad, but my eyes watered because it hurt too bad. I don't know. Looking back, I think it was a coping mechanism... it destressed me and it gave me control over my body, which was (in my view) ugly, awkward, ridden with acne, and drugged-up on meds that seemed not to even help.

The dermatillomania got better when I was 17 because my acne went away thanks to accutane. But my condition worsened. Suicidal feelings were constant, oppressive, and sucked all the joy out of my life. I quit soccer and started having difficultly attenting school. Then piano went. Then my club activity died out and I stopped seeing friends. I didn't draw much anymore, barely wrote— except for depressing poetry that made me feel a little relief, if just at the moment. I started binge-watching tons more anime and became more of a shut-in. My brother's needs got more complex as he grew and people were less understanding, more harsh. My parents argued a lot. Threw stuff. They said awful things and did awful things, most of which I forgot intentionally. I can't really... blame them or hate them, long term. They love me, I love them, and they tried to parent me best they could. But having two mentally ill kids— one also developmentally disabled— well, it put a lot of strain on them. My mom struggled with anxiety and depression, and my dad was angry and frustrated. Days I couldn't get out of bed they'd scream at me and drag me by my feet or grab my hair and shake my head until I fell out of the bed. I would just externally shut down and go limp and they'd call me fucked up and stuff, and ask what happened to me. I didn't have an answer. It was like I broke! And I wanted to die more than ever.

Around my 18th birthday (so March 2016) it was the worst. My attentance rate at school had dropped. I would miss weeks at a time. My parents would vaccillate between loving parents and abusers who screamed obscenities and shook me like a rag doll. Anyways, I had exhausted med choices and I'd seen therapists and psychiatrists. So I was hospitalized because I "wasn't functioning". I was miserable at the hospital but oddly, at peace. I was diagnosed bipolar and they gave me new meds. When I got out I started attending group therapy and slowly but surely returned to doing schoolwork, mostly outside of classes but occasionally I'd go to a class or two. I was sort-of functioning. I didn't enjoy anything in life anymore but I got through, ya know? I forgot what it was like to enjoy writing or drawing or just life in general, but I was... managing.

I graduated (barely) and walked across the stage to receive my degree. I had a handful of very supportive friends who helped me become more social again. And now that I was free of high school, I felt like a huge burden had been lifted from my chest! I was free! My family was kinder to me. I felt less like a failure. I went to therapy twice a week and visited my psychiatrist for med evaluations monthly. I wasn't a huge fan of my meds— I still felt pretty "blah" about life— but I ignored that. 

Um... I don't know how to sugar-coat the next bit of this. My cat died. My cat was my best friend, and the only one I really had who I felt fully supported me. Laugh if you want, but he was my biggest comfort. When my dad made me cry I'd sob into his fur until my tears dried, and my lovely kitty would lick the salt from my face and just purr. One time, I was going to attempt suicide, when my cat knocked over the pill bottles I had lined up in front of me. He then rubbed against my hand and made me pet him, forcing me to also put down the pill bottle I held in my hand. I took it as a sign and didn't kill myself that day, thankfully.

Losing him was a big loss but my entire past YEAR had felt like one devastation after another, so I handled it okay. I cried it out.

Shortly after I had an opportunity to study abroad in Spain (I studied Spanish in school and was pretty good at it), and I took it, flying by myself all the way from JFK to Madrid! It was an amazing experience. I was proud to have flown individually. I was depressed during my stay (especially because of my cat) and I worried my host family a bit, but I did my best to enjoy it. 

I returned home. And you know, I realized, in the moments when I stopped ruminating and overthinking life, I felt... really, really alive. Like when my friends and I went to Denny's at 3 am and then ran around in a nature preserve, before crashing in my basement to watch bad movies. I fell in love for the first time and he lit up my world. I don't think I'd ever been that happy in my life, or at least not since I've been 13.

But the next stage in our lives was approaching. I forgot to mention above, but while I did not get accepted to an expensive private school, I did get in to the #1 state school in my state. I was proud. Excited. Scared, because of my meltdown senior year of high school. But I was ready to face it... even though I didn't want my summer to end.

I left my boyfriend at home and we decided to just be friends because he was a year younger and I was going 3 hours away. Not a huge deal, but it also wasn't ideal to start a long-distance relationship after being romantically involved for just a few days.

When I got to college I was nervous like everyone at first, but I attacked it like my old self. I joined co-rec football and made lots of friends! I did laundry, fed myself, made my bed— the little victories. Things I couldn't do 6 months ago. I was damn proud. I missed my cat and to a lesser extent, my boyfriend, but whatever! I was managing. I came home for a weekend and it was surprisingly nice to see my family, something I hadn't felt in a while. My brother sort-of hugged me, which was a huuuge deal. I returned to college confident.

But when I went to the classes... I fell apart. I was too anxious to do the coursework. Everything overwhelmed me and I suddenly regressed and shut down, just like last March. I left on medical leave and returned home, dropping all my friends, and putting my future on hold.

Now I have to start over. I lost all my old therapists and psychologists and psychiatrists, my parents are back to their weird abusive/loving/flip-flopping selves, and all I do is sleep. I've never been this miserable in my life. I have no ambition— I don't even know if I want to get better. I got a job at a daycare (keep in mind I love kids) but I just... never finished filling out the forms, and now I'm in limbo, debating if I'm even stable enough to hold a job. I do nothing. My cat is dead. I'm lonely, isolated, tired, and starting to realize that my family isn't going to help me "recover". It's gotta come from within, and I'm broken.

I'm going to a therapist and a psychiatrist... I'm trying to pick up reading and writing and drawing again, I've been even playing a little piano and learning the ukulele, trying to spark some interest. But I've got nothing. 

I know getting a job would help. I also think getting a new cat would be really therapeutic, and if I pushed the issue enough I'm certain my parents'll eventually cave. But... is that what I want? What about going back to college? Am I ever gonna have that life I dreamed of? When did I become the problem child?

I just want to kill myself. I'm so, so tired. I'm not even scared of dying anymore. Just... alone.

The only good thing in my life is my boyfriend, who I'm back with now that I'm home again. Our 1 month anniversary of us since I got home (and what we consider the official start of our relationship) is October 3rd. I love him. That's naive to say probably, but I do. He makes me forget my sadness.

I... I don't know anymore. I'm so sick of this constant depression... I just want it to end. I want to die and leave this world. I want to stop being a burden and a fuck up and a failure. And I'm so lonely!!! Everyone in my life has left me behind and all I have is a disappointed family. And my mom says having me around makes her depression worse. So I just want to finally end my life. I'm sorry this is so long, but I feel so relieved. I've never told anyone the whole story before.