I could use some advice regarding an acquaintance/friend.Hi folks. I'm not sure if this is 100% the right place to post this but I could use some advice. 


I'm an artist, specifically an expressionistic painter with a focus on portraiture. A guy a while back approached me to paint portraits of his family. I did and we've been acquaintance friends ever since. He seems like a decent fellow, I see him at social events occasionally and we follow each other on social media but that's the extent of our interaction. 

Earlier today he requested a private commission, basically a small piece of someone slitting their wrists. He says its to help him relieve the urge. He feels that I'd be the best person for this gig, because of how I work. 

I'm no stranger to depression and suicidal thoughts. I've known and still know that deep emotional pain. But I've also known folks who committed suicide and I've seen what it does to people that are close. I feel that suicide is more about trying to escape pain than it is to end life. There are times when that pain seems endless and that there isn't a way out, but everything ends and there's always a solution. May not be an easy one to face but there's always answers and a way to survive the darkness. Plus I think suicide is a pain bomb. When it goes off it doesn't just take out the person who kills themselves, it sets off a  pain shockwave that affects everyone around that person, from family to acquaintances. It damages so much. Seeing that pain in the folks who were close to someone who killed themselves made me never want to put my own family and friends through that. 

So this guy tells me he wants this piece because he thinks he will die by his own hand someday. Much of the conversation we had that was unrelated to the commission had a lot of anxiety and self blame involving an event he was in. I can see it's no big deal but he's assigning himself to so much guilt. 

I don't think doing this piece is a good idea. My work can be dark but I don't want to be hopeless. That's not what I'm about. I don't want to encourage this guy via physical visual fantasy either. Plus (on a selfish note) if he does self harm or kill himself… that's my work in his possession indirectly linking me. Even if I don't sign it my style is recognizable to those who know it. I don't want his wife or daughter finding that, because that's a horrible thing to learn about someone and it could come back on me, even though it would be well meaning. 

So, obviously I gotta say no. But what else can I do? I can say ' you need help' but I don't think that he will listen to that simple bit of advice. He has asks me to not repeat this to anyone, but I'm also friends with his wife online. Should I say something to her? 

I'm out of my depth. I'm not a professional. Any ideas or points I could present to this guy as to why suicidal images aren't going to help him be less suicidal &amp;amp; how it's worth it for him to get help would be helpful. 


Thanks 