Long rant ahead, read if you want.My mom is so mean. She’s narcissistic. She just hurts my feelings so much. very much. She’s the reason why I have trauma, I’ve confronted her about it already and she’d just say I’m being overdramatic. Everytime. I’m serious. I also think I have a disorder, but I’m not sure what. She caused all of this. If it weren’t for her attitude and makinbme an emotional punching bag I wouldn’t turn out like this.

She’s insecure, she would say a lot of things about a woman from our church. The woman was prettier than her. She would also try to hurt animals. My heart hurts whenever she does that. She also shares a lot of posts on social media about narcissistic people, referring to her brother and mother. She doesn’t know she’s one of them. She gaslights me into thinking that I’m no different to her mother.

My dad on the other hand, Is an enabler. No one could ever defend me in this house. When someone tries to, my mom stops them because they think I’ll become spoiled. I could never find comfort. When my dad gets angry at me, I get physically hurt. They once choked me because I talked back to them.

They would always sayto their friends that I was a disrespectful kid, I don’t care. They all look for validation from other people.

Sometimes, I would think I’m insane because they gaslight me so often.
But when I’m in a stable mindset, I know that I’m sane. My judgement is right. I guess doubting my sanity is the effect of gaslighting.

They gaslight me by saying that I’m the crazy one, I’m the one who started the fight even If i was silent, and would tell me things like no one would ever love me- except them. No one will ever be able to bear my attitude.

In this house, you’re not allowed to show a tiny bit of negative emotions. You have to act happy all the time, if you do otherwise they’ll scream at you, hurt you. 

I’m young and depressed. What did I do to deserve such treatment? Why is it always my fault? Why?? Sometimes I just want someone to hug me and tell me that it’s all okay, but I’ve never experienced that. 

She always makes me feel left out. She would buy my cousins things, especially my sister. She would buy them food, and I got nothing. She also said that she wanted me to die. “You should’ve just killed yourself.” And never apologized for it, she says she didn’t say anything wrong. That she’ll never say sorry to me, she will never take it back. She’d also body shame me in front of my cousins. She LOVES doing that, and they would all laugh, I’m their laughing stock. I’m the scapegoat. I’m always wrong. i am never right. And she’s always correct. 

Before covid, I would always try my best to have good grades. To make them proud, but it’s never enough. She never acts proud, but I’m happy because I was capable of doing it. She posts it on social media and brags it to her friends, but in reality she doesn’t even care. I am never enough.

It was always like this, since I was 10. And got worse over time. I hate this so much. When will my life get better?? I appear happy on social but the truth is I’m not. I was never truly happy. I just deny reality so I don’t break down in public. 

I want to rant to someone and tell them all my burdens, I just want someone that listens. That’s all. But I’ve been waiting for years, someone would come and leave, I never got the chance to tell them about my life. sometimes I’d just push them away. Hell, my friends don’t even know about my situation. I think they would think i’m lying, my mom is very good to them. 

I want to kill myself. I hate this family so much, so much. My dog is the only reason I’m alive, I love him so much. 

I’m sorry for the long rant, I just want to get it off my chest. If you’ve read this far, thank you.