The best gift I’ve ever received, was from my sister, just weeks before she died.My sister took her life June 2018. She was 38 years old. She left no note, she gave no warnings. I won’t go into more specifics, but I will say this - the year leading up to her suicide I hadn’t seen her much. She came around for a few important occasions - Christmas, our moms birthday, but she missed several family get togethers as well, one of them being Mother’s Day. I was somewhat upset with her, but didn’t really speak much about it. I invited her over for memorial day, I didn’t really expect her to come, but she showed up! It was one of the best days of my life. This was only weeks before she took her life, so she was in a lot of pain that we were all unaware of. Especially on this day, I wouldn’t have known that she was contemplating suicide because she was so happy, outgoing, hopeful and fun loving. She talked about he future. She made sure to make that day with us our last and final memory with her. She knew what the next few weeks would hold, but she showed up for us, for a final conversation, a final “I love you”, a final day of dancing, drinks and laughter. It was a sacrifice she made that day for us, so we could have one last beautiful memory. And to the families of suicide victims, it means everything. That day means everything to me, everything to her daughters and everything to our mom. That last image of her in my mind, sleeping in my hammock under the soft glow of twinkling patio lights, with Fleetwood Mac playing on the speakers, is the most beautiful gift she could have given me. She was my only sibling, and her absence in my life has destroyed my world, but I have come to understand her pain and I am just grateful that for a single moment in her sadness, she made that sacrifice to give me such a cherished memory of her. My only regret is that I didn’t take a single picture all day. I was so happy she was there and we were having so much fun, I just stayed in the moment, but I wish I had gotten one last picture with my big sister, who I looked up to my whole life. Her ashes and the shirt she wore, are all I have left of her, but are now my most valued possessions. 
If you are still reading this, and you plan to end you life...well I wish I had the words to say to change your mind. My sister never gave the slightest inclination that she was struggling. I never had the chance to try to help her - no one did. So to that I say, PLEASE let someone know the state you are in, if you haven’t yet. And if you are planning to go through with this, could I possibly suggest giving your loved ones one last moment with you. One last hug and one last “I love you”. It will carry them through in their darkest days. Peace and love to all who are carrying this enormous burden❤️