Cops and medics broke in my apartmentI have been suicidal for a long time now, but lately it's getting worse. So i was just chilling at home like i usually do. It was just those days where u want to be alone and don't want to have anything to do with this world. So i turned my phone off and was just doing my thing. Well after 4 days i was playing some games on steam when i suddenly hear some noise, I threw my headphones off and the next thing i know i have cops and rescue workers standing behind me. It was a shock for sure. I didn't know what to do. I didn't really tell anyone about my suicidal thoughts execpt for one friend who i don't hang with anymore. Well instead of admiting I need help I lied to medics that im doing good and need no help. It was hard. It was one of those days where suicide was on my  mind 24/7. But it's to hard for me to open up. I feel like I don't deserve help I just want to be left alone,forgotten. Turns out my friends called for help. I didn't even know they cared about me , this shit suprised me they care about me. About me. I was crying after for like an hour about this i didn't even realize someone actually cares  but i think i knew this deep inside anyway. But my life isn't going to be better in any way. Still deep in debt, might get evicted in a few days, same problems still exist. I wanted to kill myself for a long time, i had it planned ahead in like 3 months. I just feel bad for people who care about and  i will let them down for a final time. I will kill myself in few months for my birthday. But now i feel even more guilty for hurting people around me. But I can't live like this i don't want to. This world just isn't for me. I don't fit in. I can't anymore just can't. I feel like now it's even harder after what i saw yesterday. People crying worried about me... Nobody really knows about my depression and suicidal thoughts except for one friend who i was really close to before we went seperate ways. It was fcking hard on me man i was so fucked up i had to lie to my family, my friends that im good, and had no intention of killing myself. Lying to someone u really care about and looking them in they eyes it hurt my soul deep down. I had to hold it together i just wanted to fcking let it all out and cry and admit that im not doing good at all. And now it's even harder for me, situation it's the same but harder. I will be gone soon but the pain i will bring with my actions i don't even know how to handle that. After all that happened that day i just cried in my bathroom on the floor all night. It was one of the worst nights i had in my life. Knowing i just lied to everyone about my well-being and at the same time wanting to have someone hold me and tell me it's gonna be alright. But well they can't fix me nobody can.