Is this actually DBT, or is this just bad therapy for depression?My therapist's response to "I wish I could die without affecting anyone else," was "Well that's impossible. Of course people who love you would miss you. I would miss you. It would be devastating!"   That seems little short of guilt tripping.  I won't say it's totally ineffective, but I kind of expected more from a DBT intensive therapist.  Or does DBT assume that the greatest motivation is positive attention? Because it totally leverages the therapuetic relationship like it means more to me than anything else in the world.  Like, Sorry, you're ok and all, but you're just my therapist. I don't even know you.  Self harm has been officially unamed "unacceptable," and is punnishable by 24 hours of no contact/no phone coaching.  Phone coaching, the thing they're supposed to try to get you to use instead of trying (again) to kill yourself... If somebody's so desperate they're self-harming, possibly with intent to kill.  You can totally fix it by leveraging the need for continued attention against the need to feel better at any cost.  For the love of god, why is there the assumption someone really just wants attention more than anything, and if they get it for being "good" (presenting as asymptomatic) and not for being "bad" (symptomatic), they'll stop self harming or attempting suicide (being symptomatic)?   You cannot just *manipulate* me out of being suicidal.  That's not how this works.  I came to DBT for a robust empirically proven form of therapy that is supposedly... heavy-duty, or industrial strength or whatever.  Supposedly perfect for severely depressed chronically suicidal people.  That's what I came for, but I'm not sure what it is that I'm getting.  It assumes people are illogical attention-motivated children above all else.   While I'm not some mastermind genius, I find that pretty insulting.  What, do I get a gold star for each day without self-harm, too?  I know! Let's go full out in behaviorism and do a token economy.  /s  I'm studying psychology and neuroscience, and this shit does not jive with what I've been taught to expect of DBT.  I'm disappointed, really.  Flat out salty.  That and it's full of jargon that I can hardly begin to parse out.  My therapist says I need to work on my Committment to Living like it's a proper noun or something. Oh and Mindfulness as a cure to everything including all misery of existence.  I don't like mindfulness, I actually kind of hate it, and the deep breathing bullshit too.  It doesn't work.   I don't like this toolkit, I don't like this therapy, and I hate this life. --Treatment resistant depressive. Nothing works. Not even a little.