It's happening again.I'll start from the beginning. When I was 14 I started drinking alot, smoking weed, sniffing amphetamines, by the time I was 15 I was out of control. My boyfriend at the time found out I'd cheated on him,broke up with me, which was understandably my own fault. What wasn't my fault was the way he messed up and played around in my head afterwards. He said some awful things, they don't need to be mentioned. So I did what I knew I was good at and picked up the vodka bottle, drinking it straight, but it wasn't helping. So I started eating painkillers like sweets. After about 40 pills and half a bottle of vodka I started getting warm, itchy skin, itchy scalp. So I sat in the shower, fully clothed, crying, with cold water flowing over me to try and cool myself down. I then had to get up, run to the toilet and start vomiting uncontrollably. It was at this point I knew I'd made a huge mistake. Cried even more. The only person I could think to tell was the guy who had caused this, so I did, and he came over, where I must have passed out and vomited 30+ times. But hospital was not an option, I couldn't let my mother know what a failure and mess her daughter had wound up. After a few days I was starting to feel better and realised how stupid I'd been. I got clean, no drugs, no drinking, my head felt so much better!
I stayed that way until I was 17. I started drinking heavily again after dropping out of college, I started sniffing amphetamines again, cocaine, mephedrone, i smoked weed and even crack. I was a disaster again, and again the suicidal thoughts came back. But this time i didn't actively act on them, i was just slowly destroying myself with drugs. And i loved it. After a year and a half of constant drug taking and partying, i got a real wake up call when I'd start blacking out from pills i was taking to calm me down, which started doing the opposite and would cause me to black out and get aggressive against others and myself. So again i cleaned up my act, went back to college, passed a computing course and even got my first job, working as a tax advisor for HM Revenue and Customs. It was a well paid job, but also a very demoralizing one at times, so i went back to my old ways, ended up getting sacked from that job, got fucked up and went back off the rails. 
Now we're pretty much to now. I'm still unemployed, burried in debt that I've hidden from everyone around me, back on drugs that very few people know about, I dont have many friends, no boyfriend, my life is spiralling out of control faster than i can stop it and it just seems like the only way to stop it would be to try harder at what i failed at when i was 15. I really don't want to ever have to experience the worst thing that i have again, but it seems like the best way. And even as i write this, i am crying so much. I don't know what to do and i don't feel like I could burden ny friends or family with my worries, i cant bring myself to talk to strangers in person so therapy isn't really an option for me. I need help and just don't know where to turn 