I’m going to lose my job and it feels like it’s about to reach the final chapterI’m a civil servant with the government. I transferred to another department at the end of last year. In my previous department I was making a more money and had good annual reviews, but I decided to take a pay decrease for a job that was more “back-end” so I wouldn’t have to deal with “clients” as directly. I thought that would help with my anxiety, and I wanted to broaden my horizons and gain skills from all over the service.

I thought the job would be easier and interesting but it’s more difficult for me. I’ve been on managerial review and getting my cases checked by my manager, so I am not working independently yet. I make a lot of errors. The new program is just difficult for me to grasp. I have ADHD and was unmedicated during training, plus we were out of work for almost two months when I was still learning due to quarantine. My old job was more organized and this one, our manual is a mess and some parts you just have to memorize without rhyme or reason.

I have sixty days to improve my work as per a performance plan. If I do not succeed, I will be demoted to a type of person to pushes carts around all day and considering I’m nearly crippled due to health issues, it would be really bad for me. Plus or wild be about 2/3rds of what I make now. I live in an expensive state. I do not have a college degree. I will never, ever earn the amount of money I do now, and will have to work in a grocery store or something which will cause my entire family to become homeless.

I went to a psych hospital a year ago for two weeks because I wanted to jump in front of a train and walked halfway to the train station to do so before I turned back. I’ve been thinking about what part of my head I would blow off to guarantee death (luckily I do not have access to any guns). I am bipolar, chronically ill, unhappy with my life, have no talents, have lost friends, and have hated myself my entire life.

I’m only holding on due to my mom. I love my dad and other family as well of course, but I feel like she needs me the most. My significant other is not ready to commit to me after nearly a decade which tells me I’m not the one. He will find someone else. I love my friends but they’ll get over it someday.

It feels like the end if I lose my job which I very likely will. I have no control over my life and can never get anything done right. I fail in everything I do. For once, I want to feel like I can complete a task by myself, correctly and perfectly. Dying by my own hands just feels like the way to do something right for once. I feel like this is the end of everything.