TiredI’m 19yr college student, I live in a shitty area in the north east. I feel like online school took out the structure from my life and everything kinda fell apart. I’ve always had issues finding motivation for things but was I guess it was held together by the social norm. Now that no one is seeing me go to class and encouraging me to keep going and trying hard in class everything has crumbled. I feel like a piece of shit because I see stuff that people go through and how strong they stay and what I’m going through is nothing compared to that but I can’t help the feeling. I know how much my family loves me so I can't kill myself but it’s the only thing I think about. All I do is try to distract myself from the impending doom that my life is now inevitably headed towards. I try to distract it with drugs and partying and drinking and I do feel happy sometimes but when it comes down too it all I want to do is just walk off a building and end the menial bullshit that I’m gonna have to live with for the rest of my life. I don’t want to do this anymore. What should I do? I have been contemplating the military but I’m not sure if that would be off the table if I went to a shrink or some shit. I’m also scared of the image I might receive if I tell someone how I feel and I don’t want to be the black sheep of my family. Seems like no matter where I go the outcome is shitty. Whatever idk what I’m even looking for at this point. All I have is supportive figures in my life and I’m sure they would be very supportive but I know how it is to be on the other side of that and I don’t want to be that burden. I don’t want to keep going I’m losing any motivation to persevere everyday. I hear and see people going through horrible shit was worse than me and I just feel like a pussy because I can barely handle daily life. Yet when it comes to it I have nothing personally to live for and I feel like shit 24/7. Feel like a doll being held up by strings and the only one left is my family. The expectations set for me are so high that I feel like no matter what I can’t reach it. Not sure what I’m looking for here maybe some advice, maybe being assured I’m not alone and this pandemic is fucking others too. I’d like help but I’m not sure how they could even do that lol since I’m broke as shit and probably couldn’t pay for it. Whatever this is making me feel even worse. Thanks for everything luv u