I don't even know what to title this...I just really need help.I feel like a failure at 16.  I'm in high school, and my grades used to be good, now it's a wonder if I get a B in a class.  My grades are currently going even farther to shit, and I am failing at least one class.  I don't know exactly, because I am afraid to check my grades.  I have severe depression and anxiety and have sought help for it, and my parents have been mostly supportive, but all too often make me feel even more worthless.  They won't even trust me to keep my medication in my room, as they are afraid i'll kill myself.  I can just as easily get the bottle of medication from the cabinet, but just the fact that they don't even trust me makes me feel like shit.  I have no self confidence, and never really have.  I don't even really have any real friends, they just treat me like a second-rate person, like a backup for hanging out at school.  I used to be on varsity swim and play water polo, but have been forced to quit both teams.  I was sexually assaulted over the summer during a practice by another player, and upon telling the coach, I was forced to leave the team.  I can't even do swim because the same people who assaulted me on water polo are on swim as well.  I tried to join track, but ended up quitting after one practice of absolute hell.  I used to be able to do well during the "hell week" practices and such, but now I don't have the motivation nor the mental capacity to deal with both sports and homework at the same time.  My psychiatrist refuses to give me any dose of medication that will do anything to help, keeping me on pitifully small doses under 30mg most of the time.  To put this in perspective, I weigh 160lbs.  I've also been going to counseling, but the counselor never really gives me anything to help, she just sits there and talks about the first issue I bring up for the entire hour.  I'm also turning into a fatass, since i'm not doing any sports, and I can feel myself just wasting away in front of my computer.  I hate life.  I don't know what to do anymore, and everything just seems hopeless.  I can barely drag myself out of bed each morning, even though I've always been a morning person and love getting up early.  My parents don't want me to tell the counselor or doctor about my thoughts of suicide, because it will then be out of our control and i'll be placed into a hospital, but the more I go to the doctor the more I have to lie about how i'm feeling to get rid of suspicion of that.  I'm even having a hard time justifying to myself posting here, I guess I just really need help, but I have nowhere to get it from.

I don't know if this is relevant, but I'm male, just if it helps anyone to understand the situation any better. 