My world is crumbling apart around me and nobody caresAll of my hopes and dreams have been shattered, all of my hobbies have been ruined, all of my friends have abandoned me, and my family has stopped caring for me or giving a toss about anything I say.

I have nothing left.

I have officially reached rock bottom.

I'm sick and tired of putting so much effort into creating my own content, and nobody noticing it, meanwhile, some guy just waltzes in with something less effort put into making or sharing it, yet it always does better than anything I make without even trying!

I'm sick of games now being just about making money, be it the DLC and Loot Crates of modern AAA games, or the filthy scalpers and resellers of the retro gaming scene, or the countless shovelware and "8-bit nostalgia" games in the indie market.

I'm sick of Hollywood always producing the same cookie cutter films everywhere. I'm sick of hearing the stupid pop music on the radio stations everyone I know listens to, all of which sounds the same!

I'm sick of trying to promote my native language and trying to keep it alive, only to be told that it's just some dialect (despite UNESCO recognising it as a language) and can never get anybody interested in learning it despite my best efforts.

I'm sick of people obsessing over social media, memes and shit like Spotify, Netflix or Steam. I feel like the only person left who still enjoys collecting everything physically, but it's dying off because there aren't enough people who are doing that.

I'm sick of being told "Get over it!", "Don't talk to me, I'm not a professional" or "Go to a doctor" whenever I complain or get upset over something.

I'm sick of my ASD making me incompetent in everything I do. I can barely perform basic goddamn tasks! I get ridiculed for anything I do and I can't hold my own in an argument or debate to save my life.

Nobody cares about me. People are selfish, they only pretend to be nice and helpful if they think they can benefit themselves, but once they realise that they can't, they don't think twice about abandoning you!

"Oh, it'll get better", oh yeah? I've been waiting over 10 years for things to get better and they've only gotten worse!

I'm not actively suicidal, but if I were to catch a deadly, incurable disease, or get run over or something just comes along and kills me, that would be the best, because then my suffering will end.