glass vasei feel like things are broken again. im broken again. i feel so numb. ive never felt this complete nothingness, and it scares me. i just want to die, and get it over with. im in full fledged relapse now. what do i do? im pushing everyone away. my stupid pills dont even fucking do anything. i just want to DIE. i hate my life. he took everything from me. he will never get what he deserves. i cant live with that. i CANT. its not fair. maybe you can say nothing is fair, but i dont think i can live with that either. i dont know if i can live at all. i think ill be gone in a few days. i cant do this anymore. i know it wont last long. i just want to be happy. i just want things to live for. i just want my old life back. i cant survive this anymore. i hate my life. i hate my body. i hate my face. i hate MYSELF. i knew it was going to come to this eventually. its been building up for awhile now. the world is awful. everything is awful. my future will be awful. i cant live just for a terrible future. not to mention ill never be accepted. if i ever told my dad i was gay he would never love me the same. i would be an even bigger disappointment than i already am. i wish i was straight, so i didnt have to deal with all this. ill be judged for the rest of my life. its not FAIR. i NEVER pull the long stick. i always pull the short one. am i supposed to just be okay with that? am i supposed to just get used to being fucked over for the rest of my life? if thats the case, then i dont want it. i dont want a future where im miserable. me and my best friends friendship probably wont last. we probably wont move in together. i probably wont go to cosmetology school. i probably wont be successful at it. i probably will die alone. how is that FAIR? dont tell me life is unfair. if life is unfair then i DONT WANT IT. i dont want to live in a world where nothing is fair. i should be happier with everything that i have. im not though. im miserable. i should be grateful. im white, live in america, have a roof over my head, have parents that dont beat me, nice siblings, no physical or mental disabilities, i mean i SHOULD be happier. but im not. so what do i do? should i keep living this miserable life? or should i leave? everything is UNFAIR. i sound like such a child, but its true. i live in a terrible world. everything is so bad right now. i just need a BREAK. i need to stop thinking about everything. i wish i could just jump off a building just to relieve some stress. maybe not die. the biggest thing i remember from my last attempt is that i felt so okay afterwards for at least two months. it was like the ultimate stress reliever. plus i got to go to inpatient which is like a bubble away from all the worlds pressures. everyone was so careful around me. which was sort of annoying at times, but other times it was just like FINALLY. finally no more YELLING. finally no more PRESSURE. F I N A L L Y. then it ended. then life returned to normal. my dad resumed the constant screaming. everyone started to pressure me again. the world decided to fuck itself up again. it all came to an end. i miss how it was back then. i actually felt like things would get better. i felt like i could recover. but NO. things dont get better, and thats the truth of it. things NEVER get better. things just get worse. maybe you're relieved at points. maybe there are short moments where everything is okay. and then you remember. then you remember how much there is to be upset about. why cant i just be ok? why did i have to be the one with bipolar? why couldn't it have just skipped over everyone? its not FAIR. meds do nothing. obviously. talking to people does nothing. obviously. nothing works. or maybe im just a failure. maybe im just unrepairable. maybe im like a glass vase. something caused me to crack a long time ago, but it was still okay. you could still put water, and flowers in me. then one day aidan threw me to the ground. he shattered me. nobody realized how bad the damage was. everyone else thought i could be put back together again. i mean i was only cracked into a handful of pieces, right? except everyone forgets about the small pieces. everyone forgets about the pieces that slide under the countertop. so you try to put that glass vase back together, and realize that their are holes. so you think, well just because theres holes doesn't mean i can't still display the vase, right? except even if you put the vase in full display there are no flowers in it. theres no water. the vase becomes useless. you might as well throw it away. its pointless to keep a broken, empty vase around. so why keep a broken, empty person around? im useless just like the vase. i have no purpose. i've become a disappointment. just like the vase. my parents brought me home, and were so excited for me grow up and be amazing. except it didn't work out like that. i will never grow up. i will never reach 18. i am the biggest disappointment to them. i dont know if i can live with that knowledge. i dont know if i can live with the knowledge that im a broken, empty vase next to beautiful vases full of colorful flowers. why cant i be like everyone else? why cant i have flowers?