Really thinking about offingFor the longest while my SO was the best thing in my life, but that's all gone now and I'm very sure tonight. She used to be sweet, kind and caring, but that's in the past. We've been quarreling very often lately, and she doesn't want to see me at all when and after we are done quarreling. She doesn't get that small things impact me very much, and every single time she rejects me it is just unbearable. She doesn't understand how much pain I am in, how much I hate myself and don't want to be myself. She thinks I'm taking fluoxetine just because I want to, but that can't be further from the true. I take meds because otherwise it's just painful to live. She thinks I'm constantly being melodramatic and neurotic, but there's a problem with me I know it and I just need her to be kinder to me than I deserve because there's something very wrong in my head and I don't know what's that. Tonight I have ascertained she does not understand this and frankly I am tired of quarreling with her, always crying, and feeling so misunderstood. I have cried more this year than in my entire life.

She used to be the one good thing. My family is horrible, it's like we come from different worlds. My family is wrong about everything. My friends are great, but they don't exactly have time for me or make the effort to care about me. I had a puppy who was my lifeline, but it has since been adopted out to a better home. I don't know what to do anymore. I feel so.. so done. I don't know if I want to go, I don't think I do. I don't know, it just seems like there is no other choice. This is the only road left for me to go. Does anybody know what it feels like? That there is no other way? 

I thought my SO would know since she majored in psychology in college, but she really doesn't want to help me at all and think I'm just being melodramatic about my "illness". I have a psychiatrist and a psychologist, but they haven't been so quick to diagnose me and feel there's no need to rush into a diagnosis, but I've been started on meds for about 2 weeks now. Fluoxetine 20mg. Life just feels so.. done? If I had a gun right now I would definitely put it to my head and pull the trigger. But where I live I don't have access to guns or drugs, I can only cut my wrist or jump, and I don't know. I just don't know. I'm tired of being myself. I think I should go. I don't see how I can ever be happy again, knowing today my SO has completely changed and the truth is that she has never understood how it felt like for me. She even thinks I'm selfish for thinking so much about myself. But it hurts to just be me. I want to go so badly 