I'm fifteen and I already want to dieI'm so tired of living. I spend all day alone. I've lost track of time and the last few months just flew by and I can't focus on anything, I'm constantly exhausted.

I lived in a very toxic family. I've gotten beat with a belt until I was thirteen, punched twice, and constantly insulted by my father. I tried telling my mom, but she just brushed off everything I told her. My sister completely invalidated anything I said. Whenever I said something as little as "please don't do that" I got attacked from all ends of my family.

I don't  trust anyone because of that, I can't talk to people. Whenever someone tries talking to me I freeze up, and whenever an adult tells me to anything I completely spiral.
A teacher would just have to tell me to stop doing something and I would just feel shameful.

Because of that I got bullied for pretty much the entirety of middle school. I was the school's punching bag. Everyone would always make fun of me because I barely spoke at all. The teachers joined in too, I would get called on, go silent, and they would wait for me to speak while everyone waited around.

I found some friends. At least I thought I did. I'm only there when they don't have anybody else to talk too.

This year I entered high school and did terrible. I just couldn't get through. I felt so empty. Time would pass and I would just stay in my room because I'm scared to leave. I'm scared to talk too anyone now. I feel like there is no one in my life I can trust. 

Then, after the first semester, I went home and got called a retard, dumbass, idiot over and over and over again for days. I got pushed around, yelled at, etc.

I don't know how I feel now. I'm completely lost, alone, and isolated. I'm tired of having to haul all of this with me everyday. I just want to sleep.

All the things I used to do to pull me out of this don't work anymore.

Now I don't have anything. I don't have any friends, I don't have anything I enjoy, I don't have anybody to turn too.

I can't do this for much longer. I feel like there is no escape from this. I just keep waiting for it to get better and suddenly four years have passed and nothing has changed and nothing seems to change. I don't know what else to do. I'm hopeless.