SchoolHello. I haven't been returning to school for almost 3/4 months. I have a history of dropping out, mainly due to suicidal thoughts. I have retained for about two grades due to missing my exams an entire year of school. My school was very kind to let my come back but I haven't been coming and I feel like I've been abusing their kindness.

Apart from the dull inertia in mt life, I've been worrying non-stop about my education because I'd be barred from my exams &gt; not moving up a grade if I don't attend school. However, I find it very hard to.

My family doesn't see anything wrong with me/doesn't care/misunderstands and spreads untruths towards my (school) counsellors/teachers like "she doesn't want to go because she has a boyfriend" (i don't have a boyfriend) or "she doesn't do anything around the house but lay around" (untrue, I cook &amp; clean for my family when I'm not in bed). My teachers and counsellors think I'm a spoilt brat which honestly, I think can't be far from the truth. I feel disgusted with myself and I feel like a burden to my family and they'd save a lot of cost if I were dead with one less mouh to feed, (my father is the sole breadwinner).

I'm so frustrated and sick with myself. I keep thinking about my death scenarios, if i were dead the cost would be less, no one wouldn't have to stress about me my not going to school every day. Maybe it'd even be more beneficial with my funeral consolation money. My father is old and almost at retirement age. My brother is doing well in his education. My mother is out of out lives so if I were gone, it'd just be my father and brother so my father would have one less mouth to feed and worry about and in turn, my brother can support him.

However, I'm very scared to die. I'm scared of pain and I' scared of the afterlife. I've been praying every day but it just feels me up with lots of anxiousness. I don't know what to do anymore. I'm disgusted with myself. I don't see anything in my future.

I can't really ask for any help either. My father thinks mental illness = crazy. My friend reported me to my teachers because she suspected a suicide attempt and they sent a counsellor who stood outside mt house and told me to "think about my father because he's working hard for you" and when she told my father, he laughed and pretended to give me a knife as a joke. My brother hates me, I haven't talked to him for almost five years. I don't have any friends or anyone I can consult really.

Typing these all out sounds very jumbled up. I can't even express anything but I just wanted to vent a bit. This sounded better in my mind.