Collecting my thoughts, looking for opinions.Hey guys, long time lurker, first time poster.  I'll attempt to be brief.

I am a 20yo, white male attending college at a large university in the south.  Diagnosed with depression with two years ago, I've cycled through a bunch of different antidepressants.  I'm currently on lithium and Effexor. The lithium is not for bipolar, my psychiatrist was just trying something different.  No drug I've tried so far has had any noticeable effect for more than a week.  I started smoking weed a couple of months ago and I wake and bake regularly now.  It probably doesn't help my situation, but it's the only thing I know that will always make me feel ok.  I've stopped smoking for now though since I want to reach some kind of conclusion and weed makes me too apathetic.  Therapy has helped some, but most of the progress I've made so far has been from things I've realized about myself.

I was a very good student in high school, but I have not succeeded in college.  The two main possibilities for this are that I am either depressed or don't know how to study, but it's hard to know which is correct since my depression started when I entered college.  I've managed to not get into too much trouble up until now, but I lost my main scholarship this past semester and I'm currently failing all my current classes.  I spent this past weekend expecting to kill myself Monday afternoon, and I've been postponing the deadline the last few days.  Realistically, I know I probably won't.  I've stood on a parking deck and looked down before, and I know that jumping would take more willpower than I have right now.  It would be easier to go do something fun with friends or go get high.   

I will probably end up doing a hardship withdrawal so that none of my grades for this semester will count.  What I do after that is what I'm trying to figure out now.

The most logical option is ECT.  I would go get shocked for a few weeks and probably start classes again in January, but I don't think this would solve my problems.  The truth is that I probably need to work out my problems with a combination of introspection and time instead of with electricity ;)

And of course there are the health things I should do.  My weight is fine, but I eat too much sugar and don't exercise.  I can't find the willpower to fix these though and part of me is too proud to believe that my problem could have such an ordinary solution.