My dead chickens seem like a metaphor for my lifeI'm not religious or anything like that, but I feel like I'm cursed. Anything I touch turns to shit. I woke up this morning and my 3 chickens were lying dead in the yard, one of them beheaded. It seems like a metaphor for everything, really when I think about it, you nurture something- care for it, try your best, but before you know it's all a giant bloody fucking mess. 

It started gradually- but the shit is just piling up and I'm not sure how much longer I'm going to handle it. I'm sick of trying and putting in effort just for everything to stay the same or get even worse. Like when I spent 6 months saving up just last year-  had a nice little pile of cash to start my new life, but for reasons out of my control I lost my job and my housemate at the time fucked me over for all of my money. And that's just a small blip too, I was tempted to OD after that one, but I thought I should keep trying. But the harder I try the shitter things get. 

After losing the job it started snowing- I lost my place, my boyfriend, my pets. I'm now living back with my Dad, which presents it's own problems but I don't have much of a choice (last lived with him when I was in my early teens, he was a pretty abusive drunk and to this day still has a host of mental health problems.) I don't know what to do, I don't know how to change things. I can't get work, I'm not sure why but I can't despite my best efforts (I get knocked back for every interview I get.)

I don't know what to do, people or namely my ex, seem to think it is just a matter of attending psychologist appointments (which I've done in the past, the whole shebang) but feeling better doesn't improve everything else. It feels like the universe is against me even though I know that sounds stupid. But I mean even if I start to get healthier and less suicidal, it's not like everything is going to fall back into place. 

There is too much random shit that constantly goes wrong for me to ever believe that could be true- in the last week my chickens have died randomly, my laptop broke (library), internet is fucked, whole host of family drama I won't bore even further with... The list goes on. I know people who have vastly different lives and it doesn't make sense to me. My brothers girlfriends been on welfare just as long but she has a nice place, nice things, doesn't have to live out of a suitcase at their extremely mentally unstable fathers house.... I don't know that just sounds like jealousy I know, or a kid having a tantrum. But I just want things to get better for once. Just improve without me having to break myself over it. 