I'm going to kill myself it's just a question of when I'm 16, I have a brain tumor, severe PTSD, schizophrenia, DID, I have been raped, molested, and beaten ever since I entered public school, I was just recently raped and nearly killed by a pedophile (I ran fast enough but I wish I hadn't)... my mom used to be abusive, she blames it on birth control... My dad never really gave a shit not that he was around most of my early childhood... I told her I wanted to kill myself and she told me 1. I've said it so many times she doesn't care anymore... 2. do it then....so I grabbed the wheel of the car and swerved into oncoming traffic... I've been having a lot of really bad hallucinations lately ... I can't get away from them it's like I'm stuck in an endless cycle of abuse the past repeats itself and it's exactly like it's actually happening ...there are also added things.. whenever I shower he's there waiting for me whenever I'm alone ...and when I'm not he's in my head I cant escape and it feels sometimes that the only escape is death or becoming like the people I hate the most.... I cant even stand looking at myself I want to cut away everything they've touched I still feel them there... smell them...their voices echo in my head ... and I cant stop them from choking me, cutting into me, torturing me , sometimes I hallucinate them removing my organs and stuffing them down my throat... and it's even worse because I can feel it I can feel everything as if it's really happening... I keep trying to stay sane but it's either kill myself or let myself go and kill everyone else... I really don't know what to do... I'm just trying to get through life but I honestly have no ambition whatsoever ... I used to want to do things now all I'm motivated to do is die or just sit in a corner and wait to die of natural causes or something... I'm having a really hard time trusting people and keeping my composure ... my mom keeps fucking with my head... she likes mind games it's her thing ... I honestly think it's her goal to make me kill myself...She triggers me all the time and laughs I know it's for fun...then minutes later she acts like she's an angel or some shit... my dad has been triggering me a lot to and I have enough going on and nowhere to escape to so it's really fucking me up.... I'm having trouble keeping in touch with reality ...just the other day I was convinced that I was dead... And after that I was convinced that I had been drugged and that I was actually tied up in the basement of someone who... well I think you can guess.. I thought this because I smelled him on my boyfriends pillow and from there my mind kind of spiraled and by the end of the night I was in my room shaking pulling my hair screaming crying whispering and drooling on myself like an idiot I didn't recognize myself or the room I was in where there once was a carpet there was a cement room cold and chains and things I don't want to describe ... I tried to sleep but he was there ...when I sleep it's like my waking life so I don't understand I'm dreaming and I think I'm waking up in a torture room...either that or I'm running and this time they tackle me and I can feel the wind being knocked out of me.. .then he drags me to his van and tortures me to death... usually ending in impalement ... I really want to live but I feel like everyone who has ever hurt me won...they're still inside of me saying and doing the same shit day after day...and sometimes I get tired...The only reason I am still alive is because I know if I die I can't protect my boyfriend I worry about him too much and I couldn't do that to him but sometimes I'm afraid in a moment of weakness I might just jump or step into traffic ... (to clarify some of my hallucinations like having organs stuffed down my throat didn't happen they're just used by my mind to torture me further because my mind is a cruel heartless bitch) 











































