Leaving.I'm leaving today. I would have last night, but I really needed to talk to someone for the last time and I can't do that till tonight. No one has time when I need them, but when they need me or their new friends need them, they are right there. I can't keep being treated like shit. So I've made the decision to leave.

I've been in so much pain since I was a kid. I was abandoned as child. When I was about 8, I finally got to move back with my mom. And I love my mom so much, but I almost wish I hadn't moved back with her. That's when the abuse started with my step dad. I'm not going to talk about that though, but it lasted for a long time. 

When I was 12 I was already suicidal and extremely depressed. Then kind of out of nowhere things started to get slightly better. I found World of Warcraft. It was amazing, I was no longer lonely and I was even kind of happy. I met my best friend of over 10 years now. Thinking back on it I wish it had never happened. World of Warcraft essentially saved my life, at least for a little while.

I was still extremely depressed, slightly less suicidal though. At least WoW stopped me from killing myself. But in any event the abuse continued and when I was 14 I made a goal. If I was still miserable when I turned 18, I would kill myself. I turned 18, things were still kind of bad but I moved in with some other friend I had, and things actually started to look good. I got into a relationship and all seemed to get better. That lasted for about 6 months, then it all ended. I was cheated on, and my friend kicked me out of his house and kept all of my stuff.

I almost killed myself then, like I was so close... But I still had my old friend from WoW and I messaged him, he's always been there for me. I made a new goal, if I hit 21 and I was still miserable I would kill myself. I am now 22. I decided to give it a little longer when ee eventually decided to make a company with hopes that it would fix both of our lives. 

Over this past 2 years, I've been so close to ending it more times than I can count. It's really really bad this past 6 months. But I'm just going to get to the last straw. This past month, my friend abandoned me.  I mean he's still kind of  there but I can't talk to him much anymore. Any time I bring up that I need to talk to him he ignores me or rages at me. I've been treated like shit by everyone and I really don't want to get into all of it. But essentially I lost my best friend of 10 years, the person who's always been there for me is abandoning me. But yeah this is always what happens, people start treating me like shit once they have new/reacquainted friends. I just really didn't think that he would do this to me. 

I can't meet new friends, I've tried but it's too difficult for me. This company and this friendship were my last hope, that's gone now. I can't deal with being in pain anymore, I can't deal with being alone and miserable anymore. I don't know why I'm even making this post... but I have to goe. I'm leaving tonight.