The little bully in my headI have a bully in my head, it started out as a imaginary friend I had when I was younger. Then it turned into so much more, and darker. The bully plants ideas in my head, and would threaten me with thoughts that would scare me, “move the box or your sister would trip with the baby” “it would be your fault”. Everyday this bully would hold my hand, and just whisper to me. I’ve been told I have OCD, not sure if I really do have it at this point. I doubt myself a lot. But I just don’t think this is intrusive thought, this thing that use to me so pure and something that was suppose to keep me company. Turned into something so dark, and toxic. 

I grew up in a toxic household, I don’t think it’s so bad now. I’m not sure I’m just kinda put to the side, when needed. I’ve been showered with expensive gifts to make me “feel better” and “stop hurting myself”, of course that doesn’t make anything feel better.  Sometimes my family does make me insecure, and question my decisions but I don’t really care. I’m the type of person who would give it there all in a friendship or relationship, but if you leave my life then you’re gone forever. I try so fucking hard not to let other people see me at my lowest, I hate being seen as weak. I’ve always been the one to be reasonable, and more mature. I’m always the listener, and the one you can cry one. But the question is, who can I cry one. Who can I vent to, who would listen to ME. I’ve always had a wall up, blocking me from people that could hurt me. I don’t want to be used to hurt, my parents always said there’s no such thing as friends. 

Life is getting too hard to handle, everyday I’m filled with guilt and terror. I’m scared of trusting anyone, cause I know they’ll leave me. I know other people have it worse, hell other people are being hit by parents or friends. I know, and that fills me with the most guilt. I still cut, I stop when I have a doctors appointment. I don’t want people to stop me, I know this isn’t healthy but it’s what I deserve. I don’t want to disappoint anyone, and when I talk I feel like it’s life or death. I can’t handle life, I don’t want to live. I don’t want to deal with people, I don’t want to wake up in the morning in terror of last nights nightmare. I want to end all of it, and I don’t even have a solid reason. I feel trapped by my own mind, but I don’t want to let go. Cause this is the only comfort I’ve had, cause this bully in my mind was my first friend. I’ve tried to take my life before, but they were useless attempts. I’m expected to be better cause I take pills, I feel shamed cause I’m on pills. I am mocked and irritated by my family, I feel shamed even if I know it’s a joke. I was hit or pinched as a child, by my family and it did leave a big mark in my life. I don’t blame anyone if I were to end up dead, I’m just waiting for the right time. There’s so much more I could say, but I think I’m just being dramatic.

Anyone got advice, honestly I’ll take anything st this point.