My bf of almost 10 yrs killed himself and now I want to as wellI know there is another subreddit for people who have lost someone to suicide but since I feel this way myself I felt it made sense to post here too.

He did it on July 27th. He developed schizophrenia 3 years ago and was never able to get the auditory hallucinations under control with medicine, so I guess he just gave up. He didn’t leave a note or give any indication that he was doing it. I was the last to speak to him, it was a casual conversation, there was no goodbye, just silence.

He was my first love. We met when we were 17. I’m 26 &amp; 1/2 now.  I guess one of the reason’s this is so hard on me is because my parents &amp; grandparents died when I was a kid, aunts and uncles when I was a teen. I have very few family left.  He was the first person that made me feel loved since I was a little girl; he was my foundation.

Distractions and my 2 good friends are the only things that have kept me going thus far. I went on a month long vacation only a few days after he died just so I didn’t have to sit at home and face it. Then I threw myself into school but it’s all slowly falling apart. The therapy, the antidepressants aren’t really helping anymore even with raised doses. I can’t remember anything, I breakdown crying in public, I can’t listen to music.

I often find myself on the floor in tears holding his little box of ashes apologizing to no one. I feel immense guilt. Maybe I didn’t make him feel loved enough this year. I was too busy moving into my apartment to always reply to his texts. He would tell me he missed me and sometimes I’d ignore it. I think overtime I started to feel like less of a girlfriend and more of a caretaker and it might have given me some resentment. And I’d always be worried about where he was bc sometimes he’d just disappear. But now I’m just full of regret. 

I keep thinking if I had just been nicer this year, if I had just devoted to him my full attention, if I had just dropped school like I did before to be there for him 24/7 in order to make sure he was okay, if I had accepted his invitation to go to Cali... there was so much more that could have gone differently... all of this could have changed things. And everyone tells me that I couldn’t help what he did, that schizophrenics have high suicide rates, that he wasn’t in his right state of mind, etc. but none of that means anything to me. Point is, I could have made it a little bit easier on him. I could have made sure that he knew he was loved before he did it and maybe if I had done that I wouldn’t feel so miserable, I wouldn’t hate myself so much.

And even though I absolutely dread sitting around crying, self-loathing, wishing I was dead... I feel I don’t deserve to get better. It’s probably why my heart is not into therapy and putting in effort to actually overcome this. Instead I try to punish myself. I’ve become very self-destructive which isn’t like me at all.  It feels almost unfair to keep living my life while he is dead. Even if he would want that for me, he’s not here to tell me so... and even if he was, I’d still feel I was insulting him if I were to ever be happy, meet someone else, have a life. I feel like a part of me died with him and it never gets any easier. I don’t want to keep waking up feeling like this everyday but I also don’t think I deserve any better, so the only solution I can see is to just do what he did.... either I’ll see him again or I won’t... but even nothingness would be better.  

I’m just scared to do it. I’m scared of the pain. He used a gun but I don’t have one yet; I’m not really into any of the other methods for various reasons. Right now that’s the only stuff that is holding me back. I don’t think suicide is selfish, I don’t blame him at all, he must have been in so much more agony than he let the world see. If I did do it, I can only hope anyone who does care about me would understand eventually like I understand him. 
