I can't keep putting it offSince starting school this is my third major instance where I've felt like killing myself. I've had the thought in the back of my mind of course, but there have been three where I genuinely feel like I'm going to do it. 

Each time I've talked myself out of it. In previous throwaways people have been no help. Last time I was here someone told me my excuses sounded pathetic and asked if I was here to vent before I off myself or if I even wanted help.

So in real life I've framed the question to family members as dropping out of school, not killing myself, and applied their advice there.

They told me "Push through to another semester, see how it goes". Then when things didn't get better they said "Transfer to a new school, I bet things will look up"

But it hasn't. I'm in a shit situation where I don't qualify for financial aid anymore because I failed a class (the last time I wanted to die) and am paying 100% out of pocket for school.

Now I just spoke with my calculus professor who told me to drop my class. This will make it nearly impossible to ever get my financial aid back. I've already been fighting since December for it, and now this happens and it pretty much means I'll never get off suspension.

I don't have the money to pay for school, but everything I want in life hinges around getting a degree.

Before you say it, because I swear to god I'd rather kill myself than hear this, I'm not going to start my own business. That doesn't fucking work, don't even suggest it. I come from a family of businessmen, college is the best way to achieve that. Period. The whole "You start from the bottom and work your way up!" is such a fucking rare story that reddit loves. It doesn't. Fucking. Work. And it won't work for me. 

I also already tried trade school. I graduated from it. I sucked dick at it. That's why I'm here. So that won't work either.

Can't change majors either. Without financial aid then losing credits becomes real fucking expensive. I'm already pursuing the thing I thought I was best suited for anyways, I wouldn't even know what else I would pursue.

Tell me, why should I even bother continuing on? The one thing I want is becoming increasingly impossible. I have the means to kill myself and it'd be over in a flash. No more worrying about this, no more nightmares, no more sleepless nights, no more getting sick all the time. 

Tell me why I should put it off again. I'm willing to bet you're going to feed me the same bullshit everyone else does because you don't know what to tell me. 