You know things are getting serious when you google "Most painless ways to kill yourself."I don't even know where to begin. I can start with the stereotypical "dead end job" or "financial stress," but my biggest problem lately has been identity issues. I've come to realize I don't know how to connect with people and the people I do connect with I eventually push away. I've come to accept an existence of loneliness. 


I have ADHD, major depression, generalized anxiety, gender dysphoria, and possibly Aspergers. I don't care to put any more effort into socializing or even being nice with people. I've turned cold to my co-workers and have spent countless hours over the past month where the hell is my place in the world. 


The close friends I do have I have exhausted with my neediness and now I know I'm just a burden on them. I've watched friend after friend walk out of my life. I don't even know if I can call the people I feel close with "friends." I've come to depend heavily on alcohol to sleep at night. I've gotten to the point where "high-functioning alcoholic" would not be misleading. 

I've failed out of school, out of relationships, and now, I'm coming to realize that the road to a satisfactory life an unpaved steep gradient. I don't think I have the energy any more.


Last week, after having a few to drink, I broke down, texted a friend, telling her I thought I was going to do something stupid. This was after I spent 15 mins sitting on my shower floor thinking about confusing and unsatisfying everything is. I did this again the other night. This time it was 20 mins. Except this time, what pulled me off the floor wasn't the need to reach out to that friend. It was the thought to google "most painless ways to kill yourself." I did just that and skipping over all the "you have so much to live for," "if you've reached this point" blah, I realized I didn't have the means or energy to pursue any of the options listed. 


Now here I am on a Friday night, popping open beer bottles, thinking about rage quitting life, wondering what I have around the house that could be quick and effective. There's the thought to send a desperate text to my friend, but I would just be bugging her and I'm not even sure she would care enough at this point.