Lonely and it's my faultOk so I  have many reasons why I want to die. But really most of it is my fault and that makes it worse. Will explain. 

First I want to say I have tried many things to become happy, but it's like there is always something to interfere with those ways of thinking or that trigger me to flip over to negativity. Wether it's spiritual or physical I just get confused or fail to control myself. I am hyper sexual and watch porn a lot (even though I know it doesn't make me happy), I just do it anyways because I already am unhappy. (I am unhappy because I watch porn and watch porn because I am unhappy).

I go through periods where I want to change and feel better but they fade. I feel like my identity has been shattered by my choices and fears. I just want to have simple thoughts.

Ugh there's so many things I don't know where to start but we'll talk about the main thing.

So I remember the only time I ever felt happy was when I was a young boy. I remember around age 12(currently 27) that I fell in love with the most beautiful person I've ever met. Her name was Elena, if you want to see her you can google "Lena manchik" and you will see what I mean. She is the type of girl that you can love forever, and she's married now to a good person. I am happy for her. Don't bother her tho please.

The problem is I am deeply unhappy and when I see her pictures I can't help but remember that feeling I got when I saw her. It reminds me of having an innocent view of the world and believing in good things. I remember feeling so alive. I remember feeling loved by myself and believing in god. 

There was a time she wrote me this note and stuck it in my desk, it said "I like you" and had a kiss on it with her lipstick.that's what we said back then because it was socially akward to say anything more than that. I am pretty sure she had some feelings for me as well. Well it was the best day of my life when I got that. 

The problem is I never said anything because I was embarrassed or afraid of not having my emotions taken seriously. There is always a million negative voices in my head that make me feel self doubt, o stop me from going after my dreams. 

I remember feeling like there was a god and feeling blessed but at the same time being confused why so many other things don't make sense on that level. I remember thinking about everything too much. I'm still like that, like I can't just be happy in present moment. 

It comes from insecurity and inequality, like whenever I've been happy it seems like my friends would be unhappy or nothing would ever feel right. I used to bring people up some of those times.

Anyways I never said anything to her because I was afraid of something. And insecure about who I really was.

I think looking back it was because I had seen pornography and have been hypersexual ever since I was young. I feel like I gave up my innocence and remember feeling like I enjoyed the thought of sex like that because I have seen so many attractive women naked and having sex at a young age. 

Basically I've tried to be a better person but I keep finding myself doing that over and over. It kills my self confidence. Like the longer I go without thinking about sex in a lustful way the harder it gets. Especially because I am insecure in life.

I never have held a job very long and always feel underpaid and the thought of competitive pay just adds to depression. Just knowing that most people are poor makes it worse. I feel deep down want to feel like everyone deserves a good life but I don't see it happening.

I get depressed and just want to die. I don't even like porn I just want to be loved. All my lustful fantasies are just confusion and make up for my lack of self confidence and assurance. They are completely fucked thoughts and everytime I get a release thinking of those things I get depressed even more.

At the same time I find it hard to stop because I realize more and more that I'm deeply unhappy like I get more energy and don't know how to channel it.

I am extremely high energy and can't stand living a mediocre life of working a slow paced job that pay low. 

Really idk how to say it other than I am extremely unfulfilled and just want to die and want to escape myself because I cannot fix my feelings. I am a drain of resources and hate myself and life. 

I have severe identity problems. I'm also unattractive and have aged poorly due to stress. I'm 27 and there are 50 year olds who look better. I feel like I will never be fulfilled. 

I would happily die right now.