I have sudden impulses to commit suicide again after having two attemptsHello everyone. I really hoped I would never have to come and write here again. Last time I was here, I was asking for ways to commit suicide. I decided to try to jump from a building but was caught by a security guard and locked up in one of those mental clinics for a month (I don’t know the term Americans use) since it was my second suicide attempt. This all happened back in march. After months of being under medication and controlled by my parents, everything started to improve.

I have been trying hard to stay positive and work on myself, but now it feels pointless. Today I felt a huge impulse to jump from my balcony and I had to calm myself down by telling myself “you have to fight, don’t do this to your family again” and by looking at pictures of my girlfriend and I. That urge to jump was never so big and it scares me. If I tell my psychologist about it, she will inform my parents and they are gonna be more controlling than ever and won’t let me travel with my girlfriend later in June. And I won’t tell my girlfriend about it because I don’t want to worry her even more. So I’m kinda stuck.

I try to enjoy life and be happy but I feel it’s pointless. I have no interest in life. I have no interest in starting university (I’m 18). No interest in “waiting” for the good things to come. I just want to die at times. My girlfriend is leaving to study abroad in a few weeks and that just fucks everything up even more, not to mention all my friends left the country to study abroad as well. If I could have certainty that SOMETHING will turn out fine, then I would be motivated to stay alive. Maybe have certainty that everything will be fine with my girlfriend even if she’s on the other side of the globe. Maybe have certainty that my family will stay strong and unified. Maybe have certainty that I will achieve happiness one day. I have none of that.

I really don’t know what to do. I’m really incentivized to just jump from my balcony but I’m trying hard not to. Any advice would be very helpful.

Thank you for reading.