DumpWho are you to me? Some guy that I just happened to know from school, and all I know him by is all the shit he gave to me? I'm not some sparring bag, where you can consistently make everyone catch me with my pants down. This is what you have done to me dude, this is how I always feel, because of you. You don't know me, you've created your own character and attached it to me, he made me some imaginary character, and all the things he attached to that character, he told everyone but me about, essentially making sure no one would want to talk to me. I endured this until the end of high school really. You know what the sad thing is? I really did try being his friend, I fucking did, but every time I was there, he shot me down by humiliating me in public. It got terrible in high school, everyone started following off him, including people I was in class with alllll day. They were my friends I think, I really have no idea. They were cool to me not much of the time, alot of the time they would be a my friend at a tuck shop, or if no one else was in that class that day if they weren't there. Except for jonah, jonah was fuucken cool with me, although if he was outside with all the others he would just do the same and ridicule me. Anyways, if I see it my everyone else's eyes, I am a fucken loner, no one out of my small friends circle actually gives a shit about me, I'm a outcast. Girls don't find me attractive, the only friends I have are ones I shared a lot in common with. It's confusing how it happened though. I knew Doral for quite a while before I became friends with him. He we went to the same vurch both since we were young, we eventually clicked in the 8th grade when we both went for drum auditions, I think they let both if us play once or something, but neither of us really got a full on callback. It's kind of scary to think how old I'm getting now, knowing these memories will fade with time, and i need to keep this down for the long road. I'm going to subliminally come in and out of narrative without you knowing, because I'm not using punctuation you see. I am fucking depressed, I don't think words can describe how down I feel. I don't feel like I have a future, I don't feel like anyone wants me around, I feel lost, destroyed. I don't know what to do anymore, I try and try and try and try to get people to just accept me and understand me, but no one here wants to, no one I know wants to. Should if go off into to wonder, through fog and rain find myself and who I really am, not what fucking Fred said I was. No. I'm going to stand strong, live it out here till I make it, I want them to KNOW about my success. I want them to KNOW how happy I am without them around. We're all fuucken sheep after all. WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY why why why me. Why the fuck does no one like me, why why why :( I never give anyone shit, I hate no one, no one:( Yet people always look for a reason to give me a shit. FUCK I don't know where to go I don't know what to fucking do anymore. I just wanna be happy :(