Happy or sad, suicide always seems bestIt was about 9 1/2 years ago that I said "if I'm not happy with life in 10 years I'm going to kill myself." I'm getting rather close to my deadline and despite the fact that there are slightly more "good days" now than at some points I still have no desire to live.

When I'm happy I just think "man this would be a good day to end on, everything is going pretty good, and it's definitely gonna go downhill after this." Then shortly after of course it does, and at that point I enter the more familiar depressive suicidal ideation. And no, that doesn't mean "it will get better." It just means that for every month of being depressed I might have a week of reprieve. The reason I set the 10 year timeline was to make sure that it wasn't a fad or a phase, since so many people make that claim.

Unlike a lot of depressed/suicidal people I don't have a lot of the more typical thoughts. I don't feel like "I can't do anything right", I don't think that "nobody cares about me", I don't think anyone has wronged me, etc. On the contrary I have lots of talents that I feel are going to waste, I have lots of people that care for me which makes the decision to kill myself much more difficult and frustrating, and I have had so many "blessings" it seems entitled to throw them away. 

However the modern world and society have absolutely nothing to offer me. There are no jobs that sound marginally appealing, and in fact I've cut back on working so much that I can't even support myself (which adds to my embarrassment/failure). Before when I was working enough, I was so miserable literally 100% of the time that I simply couldn't stand it. Figured it'd be better to be destitute and only sometimes miserable than making decent money and always miserable. I've tried dozens of jobs and quit them anywhere from a few months to a couple years. I see no chance that in 6 months my outlook will change.

What is the point of posting this? I don't know, I guess the same reason anyone else posts. To share my outlook in the hopes that someone else might associate with it. Or maybe someone out there has the exact combination of words to change my mind. Probably not.