My life is great… so why do I feel this way?I’ve been struggling with chronic depression ever since my preteen years, and anytime I’ve thought about suicide I’ve been able to very easily dispel the thought by thinking of my loved ones who would miss me. Also, I don’t ever want anyone to have to find my body, a scenario that horrifies me. My thoughts of suicide also used to be very infrequent and incredibly rare. But now… but now suicide is constantly on my mind. The concept of what lies beyond death absolutely horrifies me and keeps me from thinking about it. However, today, I reached the threshold of not being afraid anymore. I actually closed my eyes and thought how I wouldn’t even be able to tell I was dead. It’d be like going to sleep and, in a blink, there'd be nothing and I wouldn’t notice. I thought about running a nice bath with candles and then... well... you know. But instead of being disgusted with myself I was actually calmed by the idea. I was thinking about what to leave in my note, what final goodbye I’d have. I’d probably put up a status on Facebook too: “I’m sorry. Be good, okay? I love you.”

Why do I feel like this? My life is perfectly fine. I’m finishing college soon, my s/o is the kindest and most patient person in existence, I’ve got sweet pets, my family is awesome and supportive, and I’m financially well-off. I feel so guilty feeling like this all the time, and when I see the awful things other people go though I almost feel sick with self-loathing. I spend so much of my time crying over nothing, and my motivation is absolutely nonexistent. My plants die, I want to die. My pets get sick, I want to die. I can’t bring myself do homework because I’m depressed, I want to die. Not learning a new skill fast enough, I want to die. Everything I see in the news, even though I try to stay away from it, makes me want to die. I feel sluggish and broken, and I know killing myself only passes along the hurt to others… but I’ve just stopped caring. I’ve hit this awful equilibrium of selfish and angry and so depressed that I just constantly want to die. Yet I’m also trapped in a paradoxical state since I’m not willing enough to do it--I can’t bring myself to.

I’ve had a couple sort-of near-death experiences (one being a suicide attempt via pills) that made me change my will to live for the better, but I noticed I’ve begun to disregard these as of late. I also used to see a therapist but she moved. I plan on finding a new therapist soon, because I just don’t know what to do with myself. I’m terrified anyone will find out how I feel. Supportive as she is, my mom thinks depression is a chosen state-of-mind that can be fixed with a sunny walk. My s/o has struggled with depression so he knows how I feel, but I don’t want to worry him and I don’t want him to see me differently. I also have this irrational fear that he or anyone else might take my depression personally, which is unlikely and ridiculous of me to think…

TL,DR: I’m constantly suicidal, and I don’t know what to do with myself. Why am I like this? I feel like I’m in Edwin Robinson’s “Richard Cory” poem right now.