I can't do thisLife is getting too real for me too fast. I can't be the one to figure out how to pay the bills. I can't be my mother's caretaker. I can't lead this family unit in a direction that will keep us afloat. I just can't.

 I can't stay positive in the face of this much adversity. I can't be a part of figuring out real life solutions using real life knowledge and wisdom. I can't be a leader or even a part of this team, but what am I going to do? Abandon everyone? I can't do that, and I have nowhere else to go. 

I don't want to be the teacher of life skills that will get others through the harsh life that is ahead. I don't want the responsibility to teach them to rest on me. I don't want the responsibility to learn as much as I can and to work as hard as is necessary for us all to make it to rest on me. 

I also don't want to work in a team where all of these responsibilities have to be figured out and delegated and such. I can't do this. I'm not strong enough to do this. I just want to run away, but there is nowhere to run to. I don't want to be a part of the military. I just don't want to do what is absolutely necessary to make it. I don't even really want to figure out how to make it. Life has been too easy for too long. Now it feels like every little choice I make, how I spend every little second, is going to be the difference between making it and not making it. There is no "things will naturally work out on their own." That's not how this works. 

I don't see anyway out but through, but I don't want to go through. I don't want to suddenly become emotionally responsibile for my family. I don't want to be anyone's "rock."

I need to escape. I cannot handle the life which has been set before me. I cannot handle life as it is in general. I don't want to be a part of this mess. I can't be. I'm too used to coasting along, not worried about having my basic needs met, or having to take care of anyone, or having to teach anyone, or having to be emotionally responsibile to anyone.

But there is no way out. I have been able to think more clearly now due to better life choices than I've been able to for a very long time. The truth is, I am horribly immature. I'm just now figuring out who I am at 23. I'm constantly worrying about things that fucking teenagers handle way before they ever graduate high school. 

I don't want to embrace this journey. I don't want to look forward to an intense period of great personal growth and struggle. I can't handle the responsibility of it all. I've just been ignoring it for so long, desperately hoping my parents would be able to pull through of their own accord while I and my siblings get our shit together. There's no time for that anymore. There's no time for no taking anything seriously anymore. There is only time for the real life of learning and responsibilities that is set before us, and I can't do this. I can't even properly act like I've got everything under control like a real fucking mam for my own desperate mother. I can't do this. I've failed at becoming a real man, and now I'm backing away from the challenge. 

I don't know. So much of my time and mental energy is spent on things that just don't matter. Things I don't even really bother to understand, like politics, or watching topical shit on YouTube, which in the end I don't even really learn from. 

Life itself is far too great a thing for me to be able to deal with. To learn from experience is something I've really been struggling with, and now that I've quit weed and able to have more real forethought, everything I know that life
must be is too much. I very well may have just fried my brain. I don't want to keep on going. I don't know what to do. I just can't happily embrace what life is, now that I've become more clear in my mind. 

Life is too daunting to put my real mental
energy into living. I can't even take responsibility for holding myself emotionally accountable. I am too far gone.  I can't willingly grasp the real hardships of life. I've spent so long dissociated from reality, that it's become too much to handle now that I'm back. To just shift my attitude to a positive one...to a more stoic rather than anxious one...I don't know if I can grow that much. I don't think I have it in me to really take the reins and shift my attitude about it. I'm pathetic in that way. I know exactly what it is I need to do to embrace all of this head on and come out on top. I don't need someone else to tell me how to grow up, or that I need to, or why I need to...I just... can't.