[SERIOUS]I am afraid my friend may try to kill herself, need advice (xpost /r/mentalhealth)Hi Reddit,
I am concerned for the life of a friend of mine, and i need to know how I can get her the help she needs (despite her) in order to possibly prevent her taking her own life. I am going to try to stick to the facts as I know them, and not intertwine my opinion.

1. She is in her 30's

2. She started showing signs of illness in her early 20's and she has been diagnosed with Anxiety Disorder and Bipolar Disorder.

3. She knows she has mental health issues, but her state of mind (appears to) dictate(s) how willing she is to accept her mental health issues. Meaning that one day, she may agree fully with her diagnoses, on another day she will say their is nothing wrong with her and the doctors are wrong, and some days its a cross between the two, where she will think her issue is just one part of her symptoms. Sometimes these events cross in a matter of minutes instead of days, where in the same conversation she will say that no one will help her with her mental issues, and then only moments later claim she has no mental health issues, contradicting herself.

4. She has extreme paranoia, this causes her to hate and distrust her doctors, she will jump between doctors as much as possible, especially when they tell her things she does not like or refuses to believe. Her paranoia is also slowly ruining her relationships with everyone who she loves or who loves her (ill discuss this more in a bit). She outright refuses to take any responsibility for any action that she deems negative, she will distort reality if she has to, to justify her beliefs\views.

5. Due to jumping around with different doctors shes had lot's of different kinds of medications. I don't know which ones, or when, but i know that she hasn't kept with any single cocktail of medications for more than a few months.

6. Her paranoia surrounding her husband became so extreme that she would become abusive. She would go through old pictures and ask him about women in the background, and his relationships with them, she would show up to his work and try to have meetings with his superiors regarding his behavior with female coworkers. She became physically abusive, and started hitting him, and go into a rage. She has been in and out of the local psychiatric hospital for a few years now. With each year her visits increase. This year she has already been 4 times. They always hold her for 72 hours and just release her.

7. Her husband understood she was sick and desperately tried to seek help for her, turning a blind eye to the abuse on himself. One day while he was at work, she attacked one of their small children. CPS became involved and he was told if he could not protect the children they would be taken away from them. A criminal case was brought against her by the DA, and a protection order was put in place against her kids. Emergency custody was provided to her husband.

8. She has moved in with her parents. Her husband has had no choice but to start divorce proceedings, as he is very afraid CPS will take their children away, and it was a requirement of him getting the restraining order. Since living with her parents she has raged on them, and twice this year they had to call the police and have her forcefully committed to the psychiatric ward. However her Mom is not trying to seek help for her beyond specific incidents.

9. She has sabotaged every relationship she has had. She has cheated on her husband. With friends, she will become paranoid, and accuse them of things which are illogical or extreme. She will blame everyone else for everything going wrong in her life, and she has done this to such an extent that she has no one left. (Including myself, i care for her, but I was forced to distance myself due to her behavior).

10. She cannot hold a job, so she sleeps all day at her parents house. No one will talk with her, and it's forcing her into a state of isolation. Her husband is my friend, and he still wants to help her, however due to the divorce and him having to put his kids before her, he has increasingly found himself in a situation where his wanting to help her is at odds with protecting his children.

11. He has told me that she has started to increase her discussions about ending her life, she has started to bring it up at an increasing rate, even going so far as to say that she believes her death would benefit people. However at the end of each time she brings it up, she will say that she doesn't really plan on doing it. Like I said her mother has her own issues and is enabling her daughters situation, is not seeking help for her. Recently another family member of hers tried to commit suicide, so I know that the concept has been brought to the forefront of her mind.

Her husband literally does not know how to help her, we feel like any true way to assist her would require the cooperation of her mother, but she just refuses to accept the severity of the issue. However I would really rather not wait until my friend tries to commit suicide to get help for her. I just don't know what we or I can do. I am sorry this is a jumbled mess, I tried to explain everything as clearly as possible, however the timelines above do jump around somewhat.

Thanks for your help.

Edit: Formatting