My plans for my life collapsed in one moment.I don't even know where to start. I have been feeling very unwell and it's been over two weeks now. It has worsened and since this Sunday it's unbearable.

I'm a person that needs a plan to get through my life: I plan my every day, hour, week. I live by a schedule, and I need a close person to care about. I have been lonely most of my life and I need a loved one to take care of and know they will be waiting for me when I return home and care about me.

I had a boyfriend. A second one - one that understood, as I thought, what I have been through: an abusive relationship with my first partner, both physically and sexually. That relationship ended up in a court - twice, me reporting the abuse to the authorities, him starting a lawsuit against me for, as he called it, false accusations. He lost his case, I lost mine, because the court could not understand how I would constantly come back to someone I claimed abused me so much. I felt mentally dependent on him and was scared to leave. This left me broken to the point of being hospitalized because of suicidal thoughts. As I have later found out in my later life, it also left me with a bunch of traumas I cannot cope with until today.

I struggled, but I finished my university, got a degree, thought I finally did something well for a change. 

It took me a few years before I even tried looking for another partner. I kept visiting a psychologist for a few years after that, and I thought I finally met a decent man who would understand and take care of me. I knew him from a few years back, he was positive and had a viral, honest and loud smile. I thought that maybe this time, a opposed to someone who had basically no higher education, a would-be lawyer would be a good choice.

We would have been together for 4 years if not the thing that happened over two weeks ago.

We would build our relationship slowly but steadily, and he claimed he was not bothered by my fear of being physical with another man after my first relationship. We've had our ups and downs, but it was a happy union.

The problems started when I started earning money, and received a substancial sum from my uncle as a present to start a new life, buy software or hardware if I needed to start a company etc. As soon as he learned about it he would no stop badgering be about giving it all to him. He was thousands of our local currency in debt, had a court bailiff taking most of his earnings. It was hard for me, because I had already learned that he would borrow money from people and never return it. I said a firm no, and had to repeat it numerous times. 

He would even go to such lengths to beg money from me, as to make up stories about being stabbed and thus needing money for a surgery. He later admitted it was a lie and joked cruelly that I was so stupid to believe him and worry about him.

He would become easily angry. He would rock his firsts in the air, hit the desk with them and shout out profanities. He often chose to insult me to make me feel worth less. He once mangled me because I got scared of his shouting and outbursts and told him I needed him to leave me alone and give me space. I tolerate a lot of things though, so I did not leave.

Lately, we were supposed to move to a different flat. We chose one, and all we needed was to sign an agreement, but he did not like the furniture. He made a whole masterlist of items he wanted brand new, and wanted me to take a loan worth of a few thousands of my local currency and hand the cash to him. The loan agreement was also supposed to be only on me. I needed time to agree, and left for my family for christmas. This christmas.

When I came back not 10 days later, and right after we crossed our doorstep, he told me we were no longer together, he was moving away with his brother,the loan agreement for the flat we are staying in now had been terminated and will soon be invalid, and that I should find a place to live on my own. He did ask whether I took the loan or not.

I was so shocked I stared crying, couldn't form a single coherent thought. I left for my friends who live on the other side of the country just to be away and find some sanity, and when I came back after the new year's eve it was hell. 

All the plans I had for the next years have collapsed to nothing. Worse, he has been badgering me about money. He wanted to force me to pay the rent for the present flat, and in order to do that he bluffed that he knew how and when I was getting money from my employer. I freaked out, thinking then he was stalking me or else stole my passwords and got access to my bank account. I had a panic attack at work and cannot remember a single thing from that day, apart from begging my friends to report any strange activity they would get from me straight to the police. I myself was ready to report stalking and privacy breach, and to terminate all my bank accounts.

When it turned out he was just bluffing, I told him about the panic attack. He simply said it was funny that I experienced such a thing. He knew my first boyfriend would stalk me and it was a huge trigger for me.

I managed to rent out a flat for myself, but I am afraid of leaving the one we live in now. When I stopped feeling insecure about a place to live, I had a breakdown on Sunday. I started feeling suicidal and have been feeling this way for 4 days straight now, continuously. I cannot see any joy in life and any chance for me to form a happy relationship, ever. He was worried at first, bu now he is claiming I am being dramatic, spiteful and keeps belittling my state. He claims no responsibility, and thinks I have done all this to my own self. I have been active looking for poisons in this flat, reading on every substance to see how much of it I would need. I keep stacking sharp objects around me. I am trying to work and hide the way I feel from my colleagues, but the road to work is too stressful for me. I keep imagining throwing myself at buses and bigger vehicles as I pass them.

I do not know how to come with this situation any more. I can barely eat or sleep, and I am afraid of staying in my new flat alone, for fear of both being alone forever and for the things I might do when I might feel even worse. 

I do not know how to proceed from here. I really do think nothing good is ever going to happen to me in life. I really do think I will never meet anyone that would genuinely love me and with whom I would be able to build a new relationship.  I am tired of looking, trusting and building. It just hurts so much. I have been using crisis counselling available. but i does not help much. It is not enough.

I don't expect anything to change from me posting this, but I felt like I needed to try. I needed to get this out of my chest.