Fuck life broYou know that saying your mom said to you when you were being naughty as a child? “I brought you into this world, I can take you out of it.” As a kid that scared me. Now? Well now I wish she would do it. This life sucks. You think you have friends until you’re alone and you see everyone out there having fun without you. Doesn’t matter how many times you invite them to do things. Doesn’t matter how good of friends you are. Eventually you will lose them to someone else, whether that’s another, better friend, a girlfriend, or a death. What the fuck is life, bro? Why am I here? Growing up and just missing the innocence of childhood. Why is the only time I feel happiest when I’m so wasted I can’t think? Or doing the activities that don’t require any brain power? The only break to this life is temporary and it all comes to an end and you feel shittier than before. Can’t I just shut it off? Can this fucking stop? I’m tired and I don’t want to go on. I just want to go to sleep and slip out of existence. But the thing that’s scary, so FUCKING scary is that I don’t know whats afterwards…what if I’m thrown into a suffering pit of misery? Or if I have to start this shit all over again? I just don’t want it. Why was I created and what the hell is my purpose? I just want to fly down the road and feel the wind in my hair and then my last memory can be hurtling into a cement wall. At least I would have a smile on my face as it ended. Maybe it says something about this life that the thing I enjoy most is sleeping. I don’t have to deal with people’s bullshit or any of the crushing pressure of the world. Can I just fucking live alone and survive by living off the land? Can we go back to simpler times? I don’t want this anymore. And one of the worst things about this is that nobody that loves me understands. They all try to convince me it will get better. But WHEN? It’s been too long since I’ve felt a real connection with someone and nobody shares the same fucking views as me in this shitty ass world. And the scary part is, I think I’m too broken to let them in even if they do show up. Nobody would love my broken past just for what it is. It’s hard to imagine someone loving something you hate yourself. Sorry for the rant, if anybody even read it, if not, great, I just flew under the radar like I wanted to.