Breathing is painful for me. Every breath hurts, chronic pain makes it hard to keep goingI meant that it literally hurts for me to breathe, not that it hurts to exist. In 2012 I had a turbinate reduction. Turbinates are bony structures in the nose that warm and humidify the air you breathe. Because the procedure was botched, my turbinates no longer do their job. The air I breathe is cold and harsh. I get constant headaches, my throat is always dry because the air I breathe is dry and my nose is too open so the air pounds the back of my throat when I inhale. As a result, I have trouble sleeping (hence why I am posting this at almost 6 AM), I feel a drowning sensation if I sniff too hard, I have moments where my nostrils just burn... They call this Empty Nose Syndrome, a condition many doctors won't acknowledge. They literally think it doesn't exist. I exhibit all of the symptoms that come with this disease except for the defining symptom, which is feeling like you're suffocating. I'm thankful I don't feel the worst symptom but also feel like if I did, I would have killed myself long ago (and maybe that would have been a good thing because it would mean my suffering would not have gone on for 8 years) but because I don't feel that symptom, I'm hesitant to call it that.

It's easy to tell someone things will get better, because a lot of the time they do. But sometimes I'm not so sure you can tell that to someone suffering from chronic physical pain, especially from something which is rare and has no cure. My turbinates will never grow back. My only hope is that there will be advances in regenerative medicine in my lifetime that are amazing enough to restore missing nasal tissue. I don't see that happening, especially when the focus is on helping people with much more common conditions. I'm invisible to the medical community.

I haven't been happy since my breathing was ruined. I hate that breathing hurts because it's literally the one thing people have to do all the time. It's hard to focus on things because the pain is so distracting. I'm going to wrap up my second bachelor's degree, a degree in Computer Science, in the fall and it kind of sucks knowing it would have been so much easier if breathing just felt normal again. Same applies to all the things I like doing. I enjoy everything less because I have to breathe while doing it (obviously). Playing games, making music, spending time with my loved ones.... all of it. I enjoy life less because of it, to the point where I'm not sure it's worth living anymore.

I'd go into six figures of medical debt today if I knew I could get my turbinates back. I'd trade this for cancer in a heartbeat - at least you can beat cancer, and at least it kills you if you lose the battle instead of making you suffer until you die. I'd go back in time 8 years if it meant I could change the decision to walk into the operating room. I'd rather deal with the congestion I used to have, any day of the week. 

I hate feeling like a prisoner in my own body, and I feel like killing it means I win. Not a day goes by that I don't think about killing myself. I'm certainly not going to do it this week, or this month. Maybe after I achieve a lot of the things I wanted to achieve because there are still things I want to do before I die.

But if I am ever in a mall and a mass shooting takes place, I promise you that I'll be the first person charging at the shooter. Best case scenario, I'm a hero and saved a ton of people. Worst case scenario, I'm a victim and nobody has to feel guilty for my killing myself.

That's my rant... I'm going to try to fall asleep again. If anyone took the time to read all of this, thank you, and you're free to message me or comment. :)