After a lot of thought over the past year, no matter how hard I try I can't find a reason that I want to keep living.I'm a 16y/o guy and have put up with (still haven't been diagnosed but I think it's pretty clear) depression and social anxiety for 3 years now. I started cutting around when everything started and did it up until a couple days ago. Now even when something happens I barely get sad, I just get angry and hate myself and everything around me even more. Almost every day now I think about killing myself because I don't want to live in this world anymore. I think I fucked myself getting into books, movies, and games because now I feel completely empty with no excitement in life. I feel like it'd help me immensely if I could just manage to get a girlfriend or something. I've started talking (not really) to this girl and she seems like she likes me but I physically can't believe, no matter how hard I try, that somebody actually likes me. I think all of my friends are just friends with me out of pity, I even disgust myself just looking in the mirror so how could all of my friends that say I'm "attractive" possibly be telling the truth. I've already tried experimenting with ibuprofen (15 200mg) because I knew it wouldn't do anything but I wanted to see if I could feel anything. I kinda just want help... I've mostly lost faith in myself but somewhere inside I feel like I can be normal again if I break free from depression. Fuck me, at this point I'm almost crying but nothing is happening. WHY CAN'T I JUST CRY, I haven't been able to cry for a few months now. God who am I kidding I don't want to fucking die even though I hate every bit of myself I just want to fix everything. I want to do good in school again... make friends again... leave the house every once and awhile... most of all, have a girlfriend. I want to nearly kill myself so I can be forced to accept the help and not have to find it myself... I've thought about trying to hang myself and cut the rope, I've thought about cutting myself so deep I nearly die... More than anything else I am so close to downing a whole bottle of pills because I WANT HELP. None of this matters because even if I get help I'll just fall back into depression because nobody will love me at any point. I'm sorry for wasting anybody's time. I wont fucking save myself, I'm just going to slowly go deeper and deeper until I'm at the point of no return. Really sorry for wasting your time...

Edit: Just thinking about the girl I briefly mentioned somewhere in the middle makes me want to cry. I really REALLY like her but like I said I don't think she actually feels anything for me. I can't make a move because I'm too fucking awkward and stupid but I know if this Friday (and winter break starts) passes and I haven't done anything I'll have lost my chance completely and have even less reasons to live. I don't know what I wrote this either because it's stupid...