I don’t know what’s wrong.I don’t know how to start something like this. Keep it short and sweet or what? EDIT: Was not short and sweet, may delete soon, idk.

Fact of the matter is, I’m going to kill myself. And I don’t know why. Well, I do. I know exactly why. But I don’t exactly know how to explain it.

Nothing’s wrong with me. I have a family that loves me. Friends that do too. As much as my brain often tries to say they don’t. I’m not living in poverty, I have a job and no debts.

So why? I guess that’s what everyone’s thinking? 

I don’t know. There’s just *something* in my brain. It’s broken or something. 

It’s just that, what’s the point of all this? I guess I’ve been so “goal oriented.” Graduate high school, get good grades, go to college, do well, talk to professors, get a job, etc. And I did. I did very well. 3.9 GPA, all that jazz. 

But then I got that job. And I think I hated it. Or maybe I didn’t. Not positive. But I’ve just had this overwhelming feeling of “so this is it, huh? I just kind of keep doing this until I’m dead now? Like 50 years of this?”

Just utter pointlessness, I guess? It just all feels like a giant waste of time. Everything I’ve done has been a giant waste of time. I want to do something else with my life, but then I think “What if I just end up feeling the same way about that too?” Then that would’ve been a waste of time.

But even before I got this job, I still had these thoughts. All. The. Time. Since my senior year of high school. Sometimes I try and link those feelings to an event, and I feel better. But other times I don’t know why I would feel that way.

In college a few years ago, I forget the date now, I was very seriously thinking about killing myself. I don’t know why. Still don’t. I know it wouldn’t have worked. The plan was to take a bunch of random pills I bought at Walmart in my car while my roommate was out of town.

Like I said, I know it wouldn’t have worked. I just would’ve got vomit in my car, and felt like shit. 

Practically every day since then I continue to think about killing myself or something like that. Even when I’m feeling otherwise fine or normal; the thoughts creep in without fail. 

This past year, the thoughts have continued to be more concrete. More detailed, almost planned out.

Thought about buying a gun this past October. Looked extensively into “exit bags” in December. I found out what bridge has the highest drop in my state in January. 

Figured out you don’t need a sturdy ceiling fan or tree branch to hang yourself in February; you don’t need to be suspended to hang yourself. I’ve tied a noose and tried it twice only stop the pressure when I realize “Like oh shit, this could be the one.” Somehow knowing I have that option is a little comforting. 

Recently, aside from the continued thoughts of hanging (my current go to, I guess), I’ve tried cutting myself. For some reason. I have no idea why. I can’t even fucking do it. My brain won’t allow me to even put that much pressure. So whatever. 

I haven’t told anyone any of this. At least not seriously. Last year my father and I had a fight about money, and I blurted out how I almost tried to kill myself with the pills. He said “We can talk about that later, but I really need you to sign this paper for my taxes” even though I haven’t lived with the guy in literally a decade.

I told a friend in an honestly jokey manner after we’d both been drinking a bit. 

I haven’t worked up the courage to tell anyone else. And I honestly don’t want to put the weight of that burden on anyone. I don’t want to scare anybody or make them feel like they need to say or do something.

What’s usually stopped me from really trying to go for it, is a specific family member. And I don’t know how much longer they have left. When they go... well, I don’t know. 

I’ve been saying to myself more recently, “I don’t see myself living past 30.” For some reason or another. I don’t care about myself, and I barely try to take care of me. 

I hope I’m not the one that has to do it. I’m hoping maybe I’ll drink so much, that’ll kill me. Or I secretly hope that the next time I’m at a gas station, someone robs it and I can step in. Best case, I’m shot and that’s it. Worst case, I scare them off or something. 

I don’t know. I feel selfish and shitty. My brain’s broken and weird and self sabotaging. Then I read posts here from people who I really feel for. So many troubled lives, and here I am. Should be happy as a clam. But I’m not. And I don’t know why.