I'm 14 and already messed up So, I think that it needs a little bit of backstory: hey suicide watch, I'm new in here. There's nothing else rlly important about me. 

 Before anything else, I'm gonna talk about my ~possible~ future. I'm not suicidal bc of that only. I have anxiety, insomnia and probably depression. My dad is an asshole. My mom don't have a lot of money and I just bring her more pain. I spend more money that I'd like, and even buying food makes me feel really guilty. I kinda ruined my mom's life (btw she never said it but ik, my mom is actually a great person the reason that I'm still alive). The reason for me being suicidal is way more complex than future/grades.

 I have a few good grades. I want to be a doctor. But I can't. I won't make it. I failed my last 4 mini-exams in math. Otherwise, my worst grade is 83. My grade in math is 67 at the moment. 

 In order to get to a good school, I need to change schools next year. To change school, I need a good grade in everything, specially math. Math is supposed to be easy, I know what to do. I just can't, there's always a little something to screw me up. 

 I won't go to enriched classes next year. I won't go to a good Cegep. I'll never be a doctor. And that's because I can't fucking understand math and I miss so much motivation to study/get out of the bed/ask the teacher for help. Did I mentioned that I have anxiety and that keeps me from talking to people, including teachers? 

 I don't even know exactly how to go to a university yet because I'm an immigrant. 


I have anxiety since I can remember. I've been though bullying. I have insomnia since I was a fucking baby. I think that I'm depressed. 

 I can't win against my own head. I can't stop being anxious. I'll be anxious my whole life, it'll never be as easy as it seams to be for everyone else. Sometimes I consider that maybe, just maybe, I wasn't made for life. 

 I think that I messed up my life by not understanding life and I'm only 14. I'm gonna deal with the consequences of it the rest of my life. 

 And I repeat the word "I" way too much. Sorry. My English sucks. Don't feel obligated to answer, I just wanted to vent and leave a trait online. If I ever kill myself, I hope that my mom would read this. 

 (Btw if it's mom reading from the future, well, I'm so sorry. I love you) 

 Sorry for everything, guys. Feeling hopeless sucks.


