Suicide at 18I’m currently 16 years old and have an ok life. I am a upper-middle class teen and have it easy but that’s just the problem. My mother has tried so hard to give me the life she wanted and that’s not a good thing. She made it out the mud and worked so hard for her position in society just for me to turn out like shit. I have all F’s in school and have nothing going for me. I used to be a varsity baseball player but I started getting horrible grades so they kicked me off the team. I want to get good grades and I do care but I subconsciously just don’t give a fuck about anything. I’ve been indirectly taught to not work for anything and my mother resents me for it. My father left me when I was 2 and I have never had a supportive father figure in my life to confide in and trust. I’ve been taught to not show my emotions so I’ve been keeping them bottled up for years away from anyone. What emotions you ask? Well, one of the 2 people I have ever trusted in my life passed away 2 years ago from an accident crossing the road going to the store. My cousin Kyle was struck by a car on October 14, 2017 at 16 and died on impact. He’s the only person I have ever shared my emotions with and he was taken from me, and if he was just 10 seconds slower he would have been fine. Now I have no one except my girlfriend but she has no idea I’m such a mess. She doesn’t know I’m depressed, she doesn’t know I’m failing school, she doesn’t know about my childhood trauma I’ve been forced through. She doesn’t know shit about me because I’ve only showed her the good stuff and she deserves better. I am depressed but that’s not really even the reason I’m going to end my life. The reason is I have nothing to look forward to. Everyone’s life ends at some point, I’ve just decided it’s ending the day I turn 18. “ Good morning, today is October 27th, 2022. We regret to inform you all that native teen Dontei Lecue, aged 18, died this morning due to a high speed collision we suspect was due to a state of drowsiness from influence of narcotics. “