My thoughts have caught up to me.Over a year ago, I came out of the closet to my closest friends. I moved on to other friends, so on and so forth. 

In October, I came out to my brother. He didn't talk to me for 3 weeks.

In November I came out to my aunt to get help with my parents. She gave her full support.

Just after New Years 2011, I came out to my parents. Their reaction was less than positive. Confusion, tears, silence filled the house. They promised to try to understand and be supportive. My brother once again stopped talking to me for a month straight, before finally saying something at the beginning of February. Since then it seemed like he was warming up, but all has gone to hell and he has abruptly started to completely ignore me.

Today, on my way home, I realized I didn't want to go home where my brother and I live. I didn't want to be anywhere. I'm tired of being forgotten by my own brother. I'm tired of his disgusted looks when he sees my face, I'm tired.

I don't want to die, but the feelings that have haunted my past in High School through several quiet suicide attempts are catching up to me. I insisted to my mom last night that coming out has made me find who I am and be happy.

I was out of town for a little less than a week, when I got home. I remembered everything. I remembered I hate the dead silence in my home though two people live here. I remembered I am slowly beginning to resent my brother.

I speak on the phone with my mom, she claims having us move in together was the worst thing they have done. She is constantly crying that she is helpless as our family is torn apart by silence.

I fear speaking to the time bomb that is my brother. I know from 22 years experience any confrontation results in anger, fists and hurt people.

I fear that the only times I can smile are when I'm in classes because being swamped in homework and mild frustration is the best part of my day.

I regret coming out. I regret ever thinking that coming out would stop letting me destroy myself, because it's started destroying the ones I love the most. 

I don't want to die, I want these feelings to go away, I want my family back to the way it was when I could be depressed on my own. 

Please help.