they don’t get itto begin im new here sorry if i don’t format correctly or if this is against the rules. i wanna be in the ground. 3 months ago my father passed away 38m from drinking i swear it was just all of a sudden or i blocked it out because i didn’t wanna believe it or see him like that. i’m 20f. 

i have had an abusive boyfriend (19) for the past 2 years on for 7 months and basically for the most part off for the rest. up to this day he harasses me, my grandma, mom, dad when he was alive, all my friends. he makes fake account jus to get in contact with me or my friends. he hasn’t physically abused me since a week before my birthday in april. verbally abuses everyday. mocks my dad being dead every single day. sends me pictures of him pretending to be my dad with tubes on his face and stuff. 

i can’t walk away i don’t have the power to he has made me so weak minded. i want to be with my dad in the ground. i wanted to yesterday but then i was hospitalized because my ex told me to drive my car fast off the bridge and no one will care or miss you. then proceeded to call the police on me to look good. he is a narcissist crazy user and abuser. 

i believe those things. i live with my grandma she’s an alcoholic and she is verbally abusive. i and my 90lb dog ate suppose to be moving out aug 1. my apartment fell through. 

i want to cry and scream and lay on the ground next to my dad. my ex has threatened to ruin my dads grave. our families knew each other and idk he just thinks he can get away with anything. which it seems like he can. the hospital asks me why don’t you block him? i do block him i change my number i shouldn’t have to deactivate all of my social media. he needs help. why don’t you call the police? i have and i was ok the ground with my hair being ripped out and another where he literally thought i was dead on his bedroom floor and he still mocks me to this day how i basically couldn’t even talk after or walk or anything i don’t even remember getting home. anyways the police don’t help me they haven’t any time i call. 
 
i have a way of how i want to do it but my mom asked me to go somewhere with her on saturday and my dog man what am i suppose to do with him he’s everything to me i’m everything to him. my grandma would get rid of him. when she drinks she is mean. i didn’t wanna make plans with my mom because i don’t want to and then not show up and idk i just can’t even. 

i’m the oldest of 3, i have a mom and stepdad. 
i live with my grandma. my grandpa cheated on her while she had cancer 3 years ago and has been with this other woman since. he use to come back and check on us and still do things kinda but now he doesn’t come back all. 

i want to do it i just don’t know what everyone else is gonna do when i’m actually gone.