Thinking of Suicide Gives Me a Strange ComfortI'm a 36 year old divorced mom of 4. I feel like such a failure at everything in life. I don't feel like a good mother. I used to do so much with my children, but now I don't do anything but lay in my bed and sleep or watch TV. I don't make enough money, and I can barely pay the bills. We never have any food in the house, and I never feel like cooking anymore. Our lights get turned off frequently. Their dad is here almost everyday, so thankfully they have someone.

I'm about to be fired from my job. My performance just keeps going downhill and I can't seem to do anything about it. I have an attendance problem too. I used to be successful and made a lot of money at my other job, but it was stressful so I switched careers. Now I don't like my current job any better, and I make significantly less money, resulting in me being in debt with bad credit and unable to pay credit card bills I accrued from when I was making enough money to actually pay them.

I started dating a man I met on POF 2 years ago. It has been nothing but psychological abuse. I don't know why I don't just cut him out of my life, but its like an addiction. The highs and lows have killed my self esteem and every time he crushes my heart, I keep running back to him to try to get comfort. He knows this. He knows he can do anything and I'll never leave. He hurts me on purpose just to see me miserable. 

About 2 weeks ago, everything was going fine and I had asked him if he wanted me to come over. He said if I did, I would have to leave by 9pm because he had to be at work early. I got mad because I was having a manic episode and told him fuck you. He then cussed me out and told me to leave him alone. This triggered a panic in me, because I thought he was going to leave me for good, so I decided to drive to his house to talk it out. I called him on the way and he told me not to come over.

I went anyway, and knocked on his apt door for a while and frantically texted him and called him, but he never answered. He wasn't even home yet but didn't bother to tell me that. He likes when I cry and plead and beg him. A few minutes later he actually did get home, and I walked with him to his door. When he opened it, I tried to squeeze through before he shut the door and he rammed into me and knocked me down and wouldn't let me get up. He basically just kept trying to kick and shove me out the door. I managed to get in, and he called the cops. So I waited for the cops to come and they talked to both of us and let me go home. 

The next day, I tried to apologize and tell him I was sorry but he just kept being a smartass and told me to leave him alone. My mother talked me into filing a restraining order and assault charges. I didn't want to, but she convinced me that he probably already had against me. So I panicked and took her advice. 

Well he hadn't filed anything, but when he was served with my stuff, he went and took a restraining order out on me. I hadn't talked to him in a week at this point because I stopped texting him after he told me to leave him alone. When I found out he took a restraining order out on me, I texted him and told him I wanted to drop everything and he agreed he would as well. So we both dropped our restraining orders but we still have to to court for the assault charges but I promised him I would drop them. Now he is being a total dick to me. It probably seems like I deserve it but this man has done so much to me, I could write a book on it. 

I have depression for most of my life. I had been diagnosed as bipolar about a yr and a half ago. I take my meds but I have no interest in anything anymore. I used to read and exercise, take my kids places. I used to love to cook and bake. I loved shopping and making crafts. Now I don't feel like doing any of that shit. I don't really have a support system except my mom. She tries, but she gets irritated with me and just wants me to dump Patrick and jump back into the swing of things. She doesn't understand that the desire isn't there. I. Just. Can't. Being bipolar sucks. I'm tired of living with it. I'm tired of trying to explain away my actions. I'm tired of apologizing. 

I can't even make the effort to eat anymore. I can't even remember the last time I had a meal. I exist on tea basically. My house is a disaster. I used to be such a clean freak. Everything had to be perfect. Now I just don't give a fuck. My ex husband does laundry and dishes and mows my yard. 

I don't have any real friends to hang out with, and I wouldn't hang out anyway. The friends I do talk to, I don't want to burden them with the mess that is me. I used to be such a kind, giving person. I used to do charitable things. Now I just don't feel like a good person at all. I feel selfish because I have nothing to give anyone anymore. 

I don't know why I'm here. My mom keeps telling me my kids need me, but no, they don't. There is plenty of people in my family to take care of them. I don't even care for them now, and death is something that people get over in time. I'm only here because my heart has not stopped beating. I have no purpose to be here. I have nothing to look forward to. Life is just a burden, and I don't feel like staying alive to take life's abuse anymore. 

When I think about suicide, it comforts me. It makes me feel like I finally have a solution, a silver lining. I've attempted suicide in the past when I was a teen, but I think then I wasn't really set on going through with it. I've thought about it often through the years when I've been depressed. But this time is different. This time it seems like the ANSWER.