My boyfriend broke up with me.Hey.. tbh I really don’t know where to go. I’ve been in the state of depression for as long as I can remember. I’ve also tried medication it didn’t do much for me.. anyways..
Like the title saids my boyfriend broke up with me. All I ever wanted was to love and be loved by him. We met on Grindr through our favorite artist with music, We immediately clicked with each other. Unfortunately music couldn’t keep us together no matter how much we had in common. We were very different from one another, I would always tell him his flawes and he would tell me mine. Sometimes we would fight over it (which is fine) but sometimes he would completely shut me out of his life. That slowly destroyed me. However I’m not the kind of person to give up on us. We were already living together for about a year. That’s when things got really bad. But we also made good memories together. I never stopped loving him. After countless breakups we would always stick around and he and I would never shut each other out for good. But this breakup was different. He completely shut me out this time. He ended this one while I was still confused on what was even happening at this moment of us breaking up. It didn’t make sense to me. I know he loved me a lot and I’m sure he still does but I wasn’t expecting what was coming next. I saw him on Grindr today (I don’t have a profile set up for myself I just wanted to know if he really was done this time since he would never do that to me) which was heartbreaking to me and his bio also said “if you don’t know what to say share me your favorite music” and the next picture on his profile was a shirtless picture. I felt sick to my stomach to see the guy I love so much do that. Though I’m still not sure if he wanted me to see it or if he’s actually looking for something else (we broke up 3 days ago) I also moved away a mouth before when we had our other breakup he asked me to stay after he told me to leave but it was already too late. I was going to move back since I sent in a job application in the area so I’d be able to see him again and hopefully move back into each other’s lives. I’m devastated he’s blocked me on all social media and I can’t help it but miss him. Letting go of him is not what I want and I’m not sure it’s what he wants either. In the past he saids things he never means. And we’ve both been trying to work on that since I also do it out of anger sometimes too :/ 
I’ve been dealing with a lot of mental health problems (I have common panic attacks) throughout the relationship. I’m thankful he was able to help me through it. However I can’t help it wonder if that played a big part of the breakup as well if I was just too much for him to handle. 
If anyone would like to share their thoughts I’d love to hear them. I’m in a very dark place rn and I honestly don’t know where to go. My dark thoughts are taking over.