This is my story...This is my story...

Ever since I was 12-14 YO I've been struggling with depressions, trust issues and having suicide thoughts. In school and jr. high I was always the one picked on, getting beat up by older boys and had no friends at all.  Or, I pulled back from those "friends" I could have had because they were lying, superficial fucks that taught that stealing from other people and shoplifting was cool. (Footnote: I grew up in a small countryside village, with not  many kids my age.)

And frankly, I preferred being alone over having friends stabbing me in the back every other day contributing to my low self esteem.

In high school I was part of a sports group that were out travelling for training camp and competitions quite a lot. I moved out from my parents house because of this, at age 15.  As an athlete in that group I was pretty much isolated from the rest of my class at school, and I wasn't really able to fit in with my group either. I was the silent one, often referred to as "the nerd" because I was determined to do this.

After 2 out of 3 years as an high school athlete I got myself a lifelong injury that got worsened by wrong treatment. That meant the end of my career as an athlete. During the time of my "realizing that I'm done with sports"-realization I got myself a really bad boyfriend - my first.  He messed with my head really bad, in a period I was really weak, and thus resulting in me pulling back from the few friends I had left, as the lone wolf I was having to return to "normal" high school in a class I knew almost nobody. Because I got injured and didn't get a scholarship anymore, I had moved back to my parents which my bf after a while managed to get me to get on a really bad foot with them too. So at age 18 I was "all grown up" and under the influence of my bf I moved out again, got myself a part time job (two in fact) and moved into a crappy apartment with him.

From there it all went down hill. Our relationship became really abusive, mainly mentally. I woke up to him saying "I watched you sleep tonight, and was considering whether or not I should strangle you with your own pillow while you slept" among other things. 

I managed to get away from him after moving into town to attend some math class to get into university. I realized life wasn't all that bad without him, as he had taught me it was. Still I was a nobody in a town full of people, I had no friends and my only social interaction was my lone-shifts at a retail store.

Getting into uni, I tried to bond with everyone I could. After a year I applied for a position in a committee in my student organization. Now after two and a half year, the only thing that keeps me going is that I don't want my brother to fail his athlete career because I do something silly. That motivation is about to slip me. I was driven by my study. I really want to do this, but my motivation hit rock bottom the last semester. I got dumped right before summer, from my "friend with benefit" (can't really call it more than that, although I learned that he dumped me because he was getting feelings. Ain't that something for your self-esteem?) I got my very first IT-summer-job, and tried to put the breakup aside. Tried to get to know new people, tried to pick up a new hobby.  Was an OK summer. Until I got back to "reality" where my "ex" had been adjusting without me, and I got every feeling I put aside for two months in one bucket over my head. 

I tried to attend my uni, but I dropped out of classes early. I tried to do my work in the committees, but had no motivation at all, even though I joined another committee. The new committee was kinda also an attempt at getting into a new circle of people, because I didn't feel like I fit into the first committee anymore. I tried to contact other people that I knew, and I tried to get to know new people. Every time ending with me feeling like a clumsy unwanted idiot. And also people stabbing me in the back. 

I had a horrible xmas, having arguments again with my family. This time mainly because my mom really understood that I'm having these issues. They almost forced me to come in the car with them to see a psychiatrist. I can't have that thing be forced on me, I've had psychologists forced upon me in high school, and it resulted only in distrust and rebellion. 

Today i learned that a guy, that I taught had been a really good friend of mine, had told his friend that i was "a 4ever alone person". 

So now I sit here, being jealous at other people's friendships, being unable to enter social situations myself, unable to sleep, having gained too much weight the last 6 months, with no motivation to pick up going to the gym again, wondering why I climbed down from the bridge in late fall./early winter..

I know this is the longest post in history, and I know you probably don't want to read it. I know "why should anyone on a random website" give a fuck.. And I know maybe my problems aren't *that* big, in the big picture, or compared... 
Or maybe I'm just bad at describing how I feel. 

I feel I've tried. Getting hobbies, new friends, things to occupy my time, but at the moment I get home, put my head on the pillow, or have time to rest, I regret the day I was born.

I don't know where else to turn...