Struggling to stay alive and failingI have been depressed for most of my life (35 years) and most times have been able to suppress it somewhat in order to function.  Lately that hasn't been the case, I feel so hopeless.  I hate myself and waking after the few hours of sleep I get each night to look at myself.  I don't have any real friends because now that I am so low that I cannot listen and help them with their problems I havent heard from them in months.  Except for when I go to work, I am alone. (the work which I am beginning to hate because I am constantly chastised by this bitch there because I'm not originally from there but the truth is the work that I do is what pays her salary and I have reported it to her boss as well as the CEO over a month ago and nothing has changed) I did get a dog a few months back hoping that would help with the loneliness but that hasn't worked and I just feel guilty because I don't have the energy or get up and go to get her her proper exercise.  I've tried taking her to the shelter but she always looks at me with those sad eyes plus because of my schedule they are closed.  Even tried doing the dog training class as a way to get out and meet people and do something but there was only one other person there and I just felt bad because between them and their family they had their dog was becoming much more advanced than mine as far as obedience goes.  I have been on meds and in therapy before and doesn't really help because it doesn't change my life circumstances of loneliness.  I still go to see the one therapist here that fits around my work schedule and doesn't want to keep trying to get me to pray it all away (I live in the bible belt in the US and yes many of the therapists will keep asking you if you want to pray at the end of the session and I can do that on my own without paying my hard earned money.)  The therapist I now have is a sweet person but that doesn't help...especially since she hasn't asked me whether I have suicidal ideations which I do.  I would have thought she would have asked by now especially since my appearance and hygiene have been lacking.  I have no one to talk to so I have tried those hotlines just to be put on hold or finally get through and feel like I have been rushed off.  I even tried calling inpatient places but we have very few in the area so I have tried one a few hours away last night just to keep getting transferred between the same people over and over again saying that it was the other person I should be talking to so I finally just said fuck it and hung up.  All that being said, I do have ideations.  I have lost all hope.  I work in the field of science so I have been collecting things for my "kit" so that I don't throw up, etc and if that doesn't work I have a gun.  The problem is I haven't quite built up the courage and energy to go through with it all and I don't have any other answers as to make things any better.  Any suggestions?