How to I rebuild?I asked my friend to describe the night he randomly came over to my place and found me trying to over dose. I remembered very little from the night and wanted to try and piece together the parts nearly a year later so I can try and rebuild my self. Here is what he sent me, and I've got to be honest it's just reminded me of how willing I was to pass, and now I'm just angry and upset that it didn't work:

"It was all to do with (Ex girlfriend who cheated me and left me in stupid amounts of debt) I walked in and you was listening to Lil Peep but the version you’d done. Proper deep lyrics. You was zoned out. Completely vacant. Non responsive but awake. Covered in vomit. Off your head. Flat trashed, throwing up blood. You’d given up. You didn’t want help. I rang you an ambulance. You refused to go with them. You said you was scared of me because I was being passive aggressive cause I was demanding to know where your stash was. And I was shouting. You thought I was gonna kill you you was that far gone. You lied to me about not having any and you’d taken them all. Until I went to roll a cig and found a bag of 5 Xans in a pot. And I snatched them and you begged me to give them back you got angry at me for refusing. I couldn’t help you. I had to ring an ambulance. At that point I genuinely thought you’d have done anything to get those xans back and you had a blade next to you. So I snatched your flat keys as well and took the bag and locked you inside whilst I rang an ambulance. It was heavy shit bro. You had completely given up"

Since that night I've moved got clean, become a manager of a campsite at the the side of the biggest lake in Italy and started earning more money than I ever thought possible for myself. Yet I still can't look people in the eye or develop a genuine connection with another human being. It makes me so sad because I know I have fight in me to achieve good things, but at the same time every single thing I do just feels so pointless, even when I'm having complete fun. Am I a lost cause, or is there steps I can take on top of medication and therapy?