Always hated life, going to end it soon.I want to be brief with this. Unlike others, I'm NOT interested in dying. I do however want to end my pain however possible and after the longest amount of time I can bear, I'm finally unable to cope. I would love to be given a reason to live so I'm turning to my final outlet [talking with a bunch of strangers on the Internet!].

I can't really give much information but I'll explain what I can below.

I've always been depressed from a young age. Most of my life I was an outcast, not a single friend until I was about 15. Even then I was mostly alone. Stupid, unattractive and ridiculously poor social skills. I know there are a hell of a lot of better reasons to be depressed but it's been agony for most of my life and it's defined who I am today. There were other major causes of my depression but that's possibly the most important.

The few times I did attempt suicide, it was just cries for attention.

I don't recall ever being happy until I met her.

Long story short, recently she left me for someone else. All communication is cut (absolutely no way I can get in contact again).

*She's a Redditor and I promised that I wouldn't take this route... I'm ashamed of the idea of trying to appeal [blackmail] to her in this way (that's why I haven't used my account). So I'd rather make this obscure enough that she doesn't know it's me.*

Her leaving me was more of a catalyst than anything else. Beforehand I was just accepting of my situation: I'd end up forever alone and probably miserable. Now I have something to miss, my entire life was pumped up to the idea that, just maybe: things wouldn't be so bad.

Accepting that things have returned to how they were when I was younger is painful... I never thought I'd be back to this point in my life and I honestly can't deal with it.

I have spoken with friends, family, doctors, psychiatrists, Samaritans. I've taken every piece of advice that'd been given to me. I've done more in the past month than I ever have in my lifetime. Absolutely none of it has even slightly helped. I've only become more and more apathetic to life in general.


I'm pretty resigned to the idea of suicide at this point. It simply seems like the natural option now that I've exhausted the rest.

I don't know what to expect anymore. I don't know if I can be convinced otherwise. Simply put, please try to help?

I apologise if I've not given enough information to prove I'm not a troll, I simply urge you to give me the benefit of the doubt.