I’m 23 and am considering ending everythingA few months ago everything was fine. Was living in a flat, had a full time job and was feeling great about everything. Then the flat mate we were living with had a mental breakdown and kicked myself and my 6 month pregnant partner out. We then had to move towns back to my mothers and her partners. I thought everything was going to be okay, I was job searching and looking for our own place. One day I was on the phone to a potential job when my mothers partner barged in the door demanding I “get my fat lazy ass off the phone and help with dinner” to which the employer heard. He then grabbed my phone and smashed it. I left, but then my partner was in hospital for baby pains. So I met her at the hospital and went back to their home. I woke up the next morning and he told me I should kill myself and that no one would care, and that I was to leave immediately or else he would beat me up. So I left again, with no clothes no money, nothing. I had a friend who said I could crash on her couch until I found something else. That didn’t last very long, so I moved into another place with another friend. My partner left and moved back to the original town we were living but moved in with her sister this time. I ended up finding a place, and a job which I enjoyed a lot. But living in different towns with no support and a baby a month away I needed to come back and live with her again because she was getting too sick to take care of her other child. So I left the place I was staying, resigned from my work and are currently staying on the floor at her sisters. They are wanting me out as the apartment only has 2 rooms and with my partners child, her sisters 3 children, her sister, her sisters partner and my partner there is not enough room for me. I’ve tried getting help from WINZ (I live in NZ) and Tai whenua for emergency housing but no one will help. I have no friends here to stay with and will be out on the streets in the next few hours.
I feel like there’s no point anymore, I’ve no home, no where to stay, no money, and only 2% left of charge left on my phone. I have no charger. I don’t know if I’ll make it out I don’t want to live on the streets I would rather not live at all. I’m so lost and don’t know what to do. I’m sorry everyone I didn’t know where else to vent