Trying to sort out why things are what they areIm sorry if this sounds "whatever" but I just need to put the cards on the table. On paper, everything looks well and swell. Well educated, great parents, great family and a good group of friends. But really, I feel like a phoney. Im honest with myself and my friends (as a friend) but am a lie in general. Im the life of the party, but I just "am". I feel so alone. Im 32, and I just exist. Everything that seems to happen in my life that is a positive thing leads to not working out. I always feel like 1 step forward, 2 steps back - sorry to sound cliched. As much as I try to tell friends and family that things arent ok, all I get is people not believing me, or people telling me to suck it up. I really cant cope. I wake up every morning, and unfortunately, the first thing I think / say to myself when I wake up is "fuck". I dont know if its because I woke up and have to go through another day, or if its because I just woke up. I really can't cope.
Ive never had a real gf. Im the king of the friendzone. It happens. Anytime a girl is into me, I end up missing all the cues and by the time I notice, its too late. If I think a girl is into me, when I make a move, I end up being wrong and seen as "just a friend". At the end of the day, Im just alone. I feel like I will always be alone. I just wish there was someone out there who would be nonjudgmental and want to shoot the shit. I don't know. I am just alone. Im a bigger guy (6'6 340) I just take up space and feel like I am too imposing. I dont know. PS. I realize this rant probably sounds like diatribe, I just need an outlet. All I want to do is cry. But I can't. I just need an outlet, but not even my tear ducts will cooperate. I understand things could be worse. I understand alot more people have gone through alot more shit. But I just feel helpless. I don't know where to go, or where to turn to. All my friends are married. And I just exist. I just am. I think of packing up and moving cities, but what would that lead to? All the baggage would follow. At the end of the day, I don't know how much farther I can go, but the will to live is strong for some reason. It's strange. I just want to let go but can't. It's less about me, but more about leaving my parents and sister with the guilt. Its amazing how guilt of guilt will keep you going. Either way, I know it is what it is. Eventually this raft will run out of air and sink. Im just tired. Im tired of putting on a face. Im just tired of waking up tired. Im just tired. I don't know if others feel this way, but it is what it is. Either way, I will wake up tomorrow, say "fuck" and start my day as usual and make it through the day. Im just tired.