I don't know how to recover from this.Fair warning, this is probably going to be a long post. And I'm sorry if this post is a mess, its been very hard to express my thoughts these days.

A little bit of background before I begin: I am a NEET (a young person who is Not in Education, Employment, or Training) but I have not always been, I used to be quite social and outgoing. I do not leave my apartment very often, maybe once or twice a week to take a walk. I live in a boring small town, the type where the streets are empty by 10pm.

I have also been hospitalized in a short term facility three times, once for a suicide attempt and the other two times for threatening it. After that, I dropped out of high school and got my GED. Those hospitalizations all happened last year, and up until a few months ago I had been making big strides in progress, or at least I thought so.

I enrolled in my local community college, moved out of my mom's house and in with a friend. Things were going well. I ended up dropping out of the community college, but things were still going well. I even managed to start dating a girl I had previously been crushing on, back in high school.

I ended up having to move back in with my mom shortly after I started dating my GF. I have always had a very difficult relationship with my mother, growing up she and my father abused me (my dad was also abusing her, I might should add.) I don't remember a lot of my childhood because I have repressed the memories.

Anyway, moving back into mom's house is when I became a NEET I guess. Living with my mom was very tense and we were getting into increasingly aggressive fights. I am still living with her right now, and things are more calm now, but that is because I have stopped trying to defend myself when she confronts me. I feel a lot of rage inside towards her, and every time she berates me I can feel that rage building up.

I also miss my old friends. Most of them haven't spoken to me since I dropped out of high school. I had a really great best friend, too. We had been best friends for over 3 years, but then we had a falling out around the same time that I moved in with my mom again. I don't even know if I would call it a falling out, something awkward happened (don't wanna go into it) and we just stopped talking.

We used to hang out together at a local gaming store, where I was friends with almost everybody who went there. But after I stopped hanging out with him, I stopped going there. I have been back one time since, to see my friends after a falling out with my GF. I promised them I would start hanging out there again. I went home that night, and haven't been back since. I want to, but I am too embarrassed.

I have been with my girlfriend for a little over 6 months now, and things are going well with her for the most part. She is the only person I talk to, other than my mom and grandma. I have never been so lonely in my entire life. I feel bad for putting pressure on my GF to talk to me/spend time with me a lot, because I know she has her own life and stuff. But I just feel so empty. Nothing to do, nowhere to go, no one to talk to.

About once a month or so someone will message me on Facebook, and when they do I usually get so much anxiety about the whole thing that I just ignore it. Sometimes, I will post in a "looking for friends" subreddit or something like that, but again, I usually get overwhelmed with anxiety and delete the post before anyone replies. I want friends so bad, but I am also terrified to try interacting with people again.

The past 4-5 months are one big blur for me. My memory has gotten really terrible. Either that or it's just impossible to remember one day from another living like this, I do the same things every single day. I never get anything done, no progress, nothing I do means anything at all.

I have plans to move in with my grandma in August, and my cousin wants to help me find a job and get my life on track I guess. But I don't even know if I want to anymore. I am so tired of doing anything at all. I am so sick of feeling embarrassed, ashamed, angry, and lonely all the time.

I just want to give up. I feel like I have ruined my whole life. My GF is the only reason I have to live, the way I see it, and that's scary. I just don't think I can be a person. I don't want to go to school, I don't want to get a job, I don't want to do anything at all.

I think that's everything... It was nice to vent all of this, even if nothing productive comes of it. Thanks guys.