"You ruin everything"I'm 26 and I've had physical and mental health issues as long as I can remember.  I've spent time in hospitals for my body and my mind trying to be the best person I can be.  I haven't always coped very well and as a teenager I'd lash out at my family.  As an adult I've learned to turn my anger and hurt inwards until I can do something about it rather than outward.  My family has been cutting me out of parts of their lives for a while.  Holding me responsible for sins long past committed and failing to recognize the work I've put in to try to be a better soon, brother, uncle and friend.  A month ago they got together without me not even 20 minutes from my apartment and acted like it was my fault they didn't include me.  After that I started discussing my childhood in therapy and turning over some stones I'd not looked under in a long long time.  I got PTSD diagnosis and realized that my idea of a less than ideal childhood, which I blamed myself for, was actually pretty abusive.  Well in the last few days they were telling me to come home for Christmas, see the kids who I love dearly, I didn't want to but they told me they had some things for me and I wanted grab some of my medical paperwork.  I didn't know when I'd be back so I went.  It was tense and I didn't want to bring up things but once it was brought up I said how I felt and was told that I was running Christmas and to leave.  They asked me why I was like this and when I told them that the abuse played into it they called me liar.  They said I remembered never happened and that I was either lying or just nuts.  I'm shook.  I remember these things clearly, vividly, they happened...I think?  But I'm pretty sure I've burned my last bridge with my family, they've called me a liar and crazy, told me I ruined everything and I'm left here doubting everything, I'm hurting physically, my mind is falling apart and my heart has never felt so broken.  Part of me really just wants to leave this world I guess, I think I'll be ok but I really wouldn't mind if this all ended.  I'm trying my best....