I'm just way too tiredOur story starts out with a cliché all too common in the lives of losers. Yes, I identify as a member of this ever growing populace of slackers and the un-motivated. But that isn’t all there is to being a loser, no, being a loser means that you have attempted to rise beyond your lowly position, and in that attempt you failed. Loss. A defining tenet in my life. Ah! But I’m getting ahead of myself. The reason I’m here is a girl. Haven’t heard that one before, have you? Listen to my unique and original tale: I fell in love with a wonderful girl who has a douchebag boyfriend who treats her like trash but she is still unexplainably, inexplicably attracted to. This can’t have happened to anyone else. But the frequency of this anomaly doesn’t help me at all. Quite the opposite, in fact, it makes me wonder if there is a large percentage of the population who some divine power has conspired against, thwarting them in all of their efforts, destroying their hopes and dreams in an almost comical fashion. I am a firm believer in destiny, but not that people are destined for greatness. It is my opinion that destiny exists to prevent some people from achieving anything. There is no reason for this erratic hindrance of mankind. You cannot attempt to inject logic into people’s actions. This I’ve learned, from the deaths of those I thought I knew, from the betrayal of those I thought were friends. As everyone here knows, you can seldom see a person’s true intentions, though most of you have the perspective of a tormented soul looking outwards. As do I. We here are bound together by hardship, and this is the raft we’ve created, a sort of last resort, if you will, a type of haven for those who the world has left behind. What brought me here? I don’t know. I was of the opinion that my dark thoughts were occurring over something too small. But it was here that I realized my case was not an isolated one. It was here that I lost faith in humanity. Not in the way you would assume! It is a beautiful, rare thing that happens here. But the fact that it is, a rare thing, I mean, that was the last straw I had with the rest of society. Why should it be so wonderful when someone exhibits some basic human decency? A solitary place is this, where you can find the best type of men. But solitary it is, isolated, cut off from the rest of the world. Yes, I could keep going if I tried. What's the point? There's nothing out there but hardship and failure. But I’m just way too tired. 