I’m just kind of... here (long af)So a bit of a warning. I'm going to post my life story. If you don't care to read that feel free to skip the the frankly underwhelming tl;dr.

So I grew up in the rural area of a northern state; since I'd prefer to be completely anon let's just say it's Ohio. My mom was in and out of prison. In fact, I was a rape baby. Born by my bio dad to be a sacrifice to Satan. I shit ye not, comrades. Anyways, my grandparents were the ones who raised me my whole life. I was an only child and I was always a bit of an outcast. A recluse. Regardless, as a kid, my go-to was humor. Making people laugh. Seeing them smile. It gave me purpose. I knew from the get go that the world could be a horrible place and I only wanted to make it a little better. But I digress.

My grandparents are the best people I know. My grandpa more specifically. My grandma had a very high paying job but it meant she was almost never home. My grandfather raised me. He's always been that person who I feel most comfortable around. He's funny as fuck. Gave me my sense of humor. He loved to chillax and he practically lives on fritos and Pepsi. Before I was born he went on countless adventures; he lived in the desert. He lived in his car. He even dropped acid while driving down a highway once. The dude was nuts and I love it. He's an inspiration to me. Of course I'm not going to do hardcore drugs behind the wheel, but the point is that he lives his life of his own accord. He lets nothing get in the way of new adventures. Experiences. Having fun. It's admirable. He would always take me to museums and zoos and theme parks and shit. It was the best time. My childhood was blessed by the call of adventure that neither of us could resist. But it came with a price.

I failed miserably in school. Not for a lack of knowledge; psychiatrists actually agreed that I'm pretty fuckin smart. I think my problem was my inability to sit down and apply myself to my work. I just... Couldn't. Couldn't will myself to. I'd rather be playing video games or running around outside. Fuck school. That was my mindset. Oh how it crippled me.

Eventually my grandma decided to homeschool me but I still didn't get anything done. Regrettably my grandpa did most of it for me. It was this online thing. K12 I think. 

Fast forward to when I'm 16.

My disinterest in school turned into lethargy. My desire for action turned into laziness. I was turning into my mom. My grandma, who's always been the stricter parent, was fed up. She sent me to military school. Story as old as time.

The program lasted 6 months and allowed me to get my GED. It was structured. I got fit. Skinny but fit. I made friends. I was happy. I excelled in school. But then I was released back into the world.

The first little while was fine. It was 2015. Vine was all the rage. I fucking loved that app. The most popular songs were All About That Bass, Don't by Ed Sheeran, etc etc. Weird how I have nostalgia from three years ago. My grandparents had bought a business and were becoming semi successful. In the years that followed, I worked for them, then worked at a school. The school was when I was 19. From 16 to 19 I reverted somewhat to my original ways partially due to depression I've had my whole life and difficulty getting myself going. But I got by. My job at the school was fine for the most part; I worked there for a year. But things quickly turned bad.

A relative of mine was murdered. She was 12. The coroner didn't care. I walked into her bedroom to find my grandmother cleaning her brains off the wall. Her imprint was still on her mother's bed where she died. I don't think I was ever the same after that. I can only imagine what it was like for her mother or my grandmother, I don't want to talk about that too much because it's difficult for me but the point is, this particular event changed the family.

Cut to recent times. My grandparents business is failing. They come home every day and scream. They're never happy anymore.

I lost my job at the school because I suddenly got very bad anxiety and panic attacks. I stopped going. It was a 30 mile drive and I couldn't handle it.

I sleep on the couch because I lost my mattress (long story). I'm 20 and unemployed. Most days I can't leave the house due to my anxiety. I'm in bad debt with the bank. My whole family hates me. My whole family hates each other. It's like everyone's in a constant battle with each other, fueled by pain, misunderstanding, and stubbornness. It's not going to get better. And here I am sitting on my ass every day. Can't leave the house. Can't get a fucking job. I can't even see a doctor for my anxiety because I can't afford it. My grandparents have no interest in supporting me any longer.

In another note, I've realized that I'm probably transgender. I won't get into that but I can't tell my family either because they're all conservative. One more thing on my plate of shit.

I'm dead. The world doesn't know me. And it hurts. I know I have potential. I know I can do things to make people happy. Make a difference in the world. But I won't let myself and I can't do anything about it. I'm sick of sitting on my ass. I'm sick of shouting matches every night. I'm sick of the knowledge that this is all my fault and I can't even do them the favor of escaping it. What's the point? I'm not alive. I'm not happy. I'm just kind of... Here.




Tl;Dr I'm lazy and my family hates me 