I don't know whats wrong with me. I don't know if I want to kill myself, but I want to die.I don't know if I want to kill myself. I just want it to end.

I shouldn't be like this. My family makes enough money to live comfortably and help put me through college, and I have a caring girlfriend. I can't help but feel like I'm a failure though. Growing up, life was supposed to be easy, I was supposed to know what to do. Now, I don't. My grades aren't as good as they should be and I feel overwhelmed. I know I need a job or an internship, but I can't find it in me to go out and look for them. I know I should change, but I can't. I don't know why I can't adjust. I'm a failure and a waste of resources

I can't kill myself. I'm a coward. I wouldn't know how to start. But I find myself welcoming death. Sometimes I fantasize about getting t-boned by a drunk driver, or an earthquake swallowing me, or a random act of violence just ending me. Ease my guilt and pain, without anyone knowing how fucked up I am inside. Wait, no. I don't deserve to say I have guilt and pain. I was given a golden opportunity in life and somehow I always feel fucked it up.

I can't talk to my parents about these thoughts. I can't stand their judgment, since I'm certain they already see me as a failure. Every time I talk to them I leave the conversation feeling like shit, anyway. Can't even begin to imagine how bad it would be if I told them I have suicidal thoughts. I can't talk to my girlfriend, because that will just hurt her and distract her from her own successful life. I don't want her to worry about me. I can't talk to my friends because they're succeeding at life while I feel like I'm drowning in it. Everyone in my life deserves better than what I can give them. 

What's the point to life, anyway. I'm an atheist. When I die, I'm either bound to go to nothingness, or the eternal pit of hell. Why bother prolonging my time here when I can just go ahead and see whats waiting for me.

The worst part is, I don't know what I'm trying to accomplish by posting here. I'm expecting advice like "talk to someone" or "see a doctor", but I can't see the positives. If I see a doctor, what happens? Either there's something wrong with me, or there's nothing medically wrong and my mind is just rogue for no reason. Who can I talk to without ruining the fragile social structure that I have in place?

God, I'm sorry for rambling on so much. If anyone reads this, thank you for making it so far. This is the first time I've ever written any of this down or verbalized it in any way. I just. . . don't know what to do.