My family and doctors have lost all credibility, clearly do not care if I go.I survived a Traumatic Brain Injury.

Life is about 50/50 total shit. Seizures, unending headaches, no short term memory, problems moving and talking.

Suicidal ideation is a HUGE problem for me, and up until yesterday I was writing it all off to the head injury, but now I think these ideas are actually the best I've had.

None of my doctors care in the slightest if I kill myself. I mean that literally.

When asked about suicidal ideation a while back I responded: "I have my gun in my car, I am going to shoot myself as soon as I leave here, either in your parking lot, or in that little park down the street."

Her response?

"Oh, that's interesting."

I ended up having a seizure, lost some memory, and forgot to follow through.

I have described having a specific plan and the means to do it, and never gotten a single response, other than stammering and subject changes.

Not one of my dozen or so doctors has taken any action, notified anybody, or done anything else.

So yesterday I get some devastating news. Serious enough to put a normal person on suicide watch.

What does my spouse do?

Discuss it?

Nope. Not a word, even when I raised the subject directly.

He decides, without explanation, to go somewhere unplanned with our kids.

He doesn't say a word, just packs up and leaves.

I am disabled and require monitoring.

An hour alone is usually ok, but more than 2 takes an assessment of symptoms, seizure threshold, etc, or it could be extremely dangerous.

But he said not a word, just left saying he was not taking me.

According to the doctors this is wrong in a dozen ways, and breaking every rule.

So he comes back a couple hours later, and then after a few minutes starts packing food saying "I'm taking the kids to the park"

When I try to ask what's going on, how long, etc (questions I am required to ask, and note responses) he only says "I don't have to be with you 24 hours a day"

Actually, he does. Or other care must be arranged.

But go to the park usually just means an hour, so I figure I'll ride it out.

Nope.

He was gone 5 hours, at an educational thing I wanted to go to, but I guess I'm to much of an embarrassment.

Leaving for 5 hours without arranging an attendant is against the rules and crazy risky.

Refusing to answer questions is against the rules and considered risky.

Leaving me unattended for 5 hours in a high state of stress is only acceptable if suicide is an ok end result.

I can tell anyone I know that I intend to kill myself, with a specific time. date. method, and they will say and do nothing.

The people around, by their actions, do not care if I stay or go.

Or they prefer I go.

No other answer makes sense.