aspergers + a shit timewell i’m young. i’m only a young child almost in high school. i have a whole life ahead of me. i struggle with aspergers and that just is really fucking annoying. it’s hard for me to make and keep friends. i can’t communicate how i properly feel to people so i feel very isolated around the thousands of students i know. 

basically in mind right now is this:
everyone loves me, but nobody likes me. 

i’m known as the “funny and smart” kid at my school. i won some stupid math contest and now everyone has high expectations of me. i feel like a tool for people to come for me for help. and because i’m so lonely i give in for any chance for a friendship. so they treat me nice. i haven’t told anyone about my aspergers which is really fucking stupid on my part but it’s okay for me. i only have 2 real friends. everyone likes me for my humor and brain but they couldn’t care less if i die the next day. 

and on top of this shit my girlfriend 2 months just broke up with me yesterday so i just felt like shit. as soon as i properly caught feelings she left. as for my only 2 friends, one of them has divorced parents and they’re both fucking shit people. i can’t get in contact of him outside of school. and my other one i try my hardest to talk to about my gf sadness.

i haven’t told anyone about me cutting myself and crying hysterically in my room. wearing my hoodie i used to give to my girlfriend so it smells like her, listening to sad music. contemplating about how deep to cut. i’m living the life. 

school is shit. after failing again again to my family and peers high expectations isn’t helping me either. my bad habits of obsession and the same schedule don’t help me. they only thing going well for me right now is video games. because that is my life at the moment. i don’t ever study and score high 80s and my family is mad at me because i don’t fucking care about my grades. they know and i know i can better in school but i don’t give two shits. they want me to get into good habits before high school but i feel so unmotivated to do anything. 

i don’t want people to think i want attention because i really don’t. i just want out of the hell that is my thoughts. i’ve thought about telling others because of my social skills i think they’ll misjudge my intentions. i don’t want to life but i’m scared to die. i’m scared of the endless uncontrollable subconscious. 

especially my family because they’re religious. oh fuck. 

i just have a lot of shit i wanted to get off my chest and rant about.