Scar tissueI’m suicidal. I had things happen to me as a child that unknowingly shaped the way I transitioned into manhood. When I realized I had problems and was tired of being a person impaired by their own toxic mindset, I’d tell myself I’d change but couldn’t do it. Mental block. They weren’t just words to me, but words to a woman I loved dearly. After I lost her – the kindest, most loving woman I have ever had in my life – I figured that if I couldn’t fix myself for the greatest thing to every happen to me, then I was never going to change. The only solution was to kill myself. And not just to end my own depression, but as punishment for the pain I was causing myself.

I was getting better. I found some help here and decided that the precursors to who I am are not my fault, and who I became was uncontrollable. But who I can become in the future is my choice. I detached my mind from my emotions and inspected myself, found things I simply wasn’t going to do anymore. Not only was I going to do it for myself, I was going to do it for the woman I love. My actions would speak louder than words and she could return to the man she fell in love with but without the toxicity of secrets and demons.

They say you shouldn’t dwell on the past, but I don’t think that’s always true. I wanted to use the scar tissue of new and old wounds to remind myself of a path I’d never go down again.

Tonight, I met her for the second time after I told her I was bettering myself – the revelation that led to her to start communicating with me again. We went out, had a few drinks. She probed me and I let loose. I answered her questions, told her about the things that happened to me as a kid. Then when she pushed me on what I was doing and how deep my problems go, I told her about suicide. How seeds have been planted in my head and while I don’t want to do it now, I know I will later. I know how things begin, but I’ve stopped that now. And I’m a million times better already, even if my journey has only started.

She clammed up. The revelation made her freeze. She didn’t say anything else. I got emotional. I sat down and reassured her that I was OK – I’m getting help. I’m getting better. She still said nothing. I poured my heart out, revealed my dreams and aspirations of showing her my change, that I loved her and understood why she left me. 

The love of my life asked me to explain how I understood her… how I’d understand putting everything in and getting nothing back would make me feel the other person doesn’t love me. 

Right after that, she said she had to go and off she went into the sunset. No response, no nothing. Here I am, back to square one. It’s like no matter what I do, no matter what positive path I try to take, no matter how fucking hard I battle with myself and try my hardest to kill the monsters inside me, somehow, regardless of how far I go, I end up where I fucking started.
