I am sick of tryingI really don't know why I bother anymore. My birthday was yesterday and it really just solidified the idea that I don't matter at all, not even a little bit. I always always help through fun birthday parties for people, ever since I've moved ive helped throw and organize 3, one was even a surprise party. I put lots of money and effort into these parties. Its not like I did this to expect anything back, its not that, its just sad when people just dont care. Not one of my close friends posted on my fb, which its just like such an easy thing. Everyone is on fb, everyone sees the birthday notification, but they chose to not even say a word. I know this sounds so stupid and whiney but its just like solidifies the idea that i dont matter. I never ever did to my friends. And its not them its me. I dont deserve to be cared about, im the annoying person that hangs around them and they deal with it and i appreciate that they do but why should I even bother them anymore, theyd be so better off without me. My mother could literally care less that I exist, she is coming home for Christmas and posted a status about how she was so excited to see her mother, her sister in law and her niece. Not a word about me or my sister. She knew wed see it obviously if we have her on fb. Not even the person who gave birth to me can remember i exist. All I am good for is being used occasionally. I am not worth the air I breath. I just take up space and time that other people could be using. I am ugly and fat, and everyone knows it. I can tell people are disgusted by me, and im so sorry that they even have to look at me. I wish I would just disappear, people would only notice because I have duties like getting the bills ready to pay.
My other friend was having a rough time and everyone rushed to her side to help her, to be there for her. But no one cares about me, maybe because i have felt bad on and off for so long, maybe because im disgusting and dont matter, maybe everyone is secretly hoping ill kill myself so they can stop being annoyed by me. the only thing that keeps me here is my pet, and i mean how sad is that. That the only thing that needs me is my pet because he has to because i have to take care of him. I just dont want to try anymore im so sick of trying and im so sick of not mattering. I know it sounds all so stupid but everyone of my friends all care and love each other so much but when it comes to me im just nothing I dont want to leave bed or my room i just want to eat junk food until i cant move and just rot away. Im so digusting and unattractive, no one will ever love me, ill be alone forever, no one will ever care, so why dont i just fucking end it get it over with what the point on sticking around, there is none. I want to end my life so bad, i feel like looking up suicide methods is so so comforting because its like i know there is a way to escape. I know i am stupid and people hate me because i have no reason to feel this way but it only makes me want to end it more. There is no help I can get, ive done it all. Why bother i just dont want to take up space and peoples time anymore i hate being a burden I just dont want this anymore. i want my friends to be happy and have a good life and they dont deserve someone who is disgusting and a nuisance in their life.
