I stood by a bridge last night, I changed my mind, but now I regret not jumpingDear,Reddit
Suicide has always been a recurring thought in my mind ever since my parents were both diagnosed with disabilities when I was 8 it just quietly looms there, emerging in even happy times. Never has that voice been this strong.
  There are a few things which keep me alive/sane (I don't consider myself sane but others do) and recently they have slowly been disappearing from my life. And a few things that are always a stress. 
 As I mentioned earlier both of my parents are disabled, my mom has the case of MS from hell; she has no use of her limbs and is loosing speech. My dad on the other hand has kidney failure and tho he is somewhat normal, he can not work and dialysis's 8 hours 5 days a week, he is also incredibly immature and engorges me to skip constantly and undermines everything I do. 
  I am also mildly dyslexic and this makes school very hard for me, I failed a coarse and upon review several teachers told me that I should've passed but the teacher who failed me won't raise my grade from the 45 it is at now to the 51 it should be. 
 I got into a fight with my dad and I haven't talked to him in over a week, when I stormed out of the house angrily with my dog on the night of the fight he called behind me "go kill yourself". Today I took down all the family pictures, as I no longer feel part of this family. He wants to take my dog back to the shelter but my dogs the only thing that keeps me here most of the time. 
  I am a singer, I jam with several musicians and bands on a regular basis, and I have (had) 1 band I preform with that I consider my family. Yesterday the band that I consider my family sat me down, and told me they don't want me to be there vocalist anymore, citing my voice being more suited to jazz as the reason, I understand their reasoning but music means the world to me and I think they just wanted to kick me out becuase I don't have the money for vocal lessons so my voice can become more suited to punk instead of jazz. The rhythm guitarist is dropping off my amp tomorrow, and I don't even want to look at her.
  I told a friend of mine I wanted to kill myself, he told me to come here. I'm at the end of my rope, any advice you can give me is appreciated 

EDIT:
I doubt anyone will see this, seeing as its been almost a year and all, but I wanted to thank all of the people who commented below giving me advice, I found a pieces in each one I could use to get me through hard times. 
Shortly after posting this, I went to CAMh, a local psych hospital for one week, before being discharged. There was nothing wrong with me chemically, as a result I worked with a social worker and councilors who taught me proper ways to deal with stress. Unfortunately, while being at CAMh, my dad decided I wasn't allowed back in the house, I lived in various shelters with nothing but my school bag and what ever I could fit in my school locker for 3 months. One of the skills I learned from CAMh was talking things out with people, this helped me work things out with my father. Luckily my dog was also my moms shining beacon of light in an otherwise dark world and as a result they kept him in my time being homeless. Soon after working things out with my dad (as well as teaching him some conflict resolution skills) my mom contracted pneumonia resulting in the collapse of her left lung and causing her to have a feeding tube.
She has been kept alive on a ventilator since late May, she is resilient and we're looking forward to her homecoming in a few months. I've found meaning recently at occupyTO, I know a lot of people think that its a movement with no message, but the people I met there are some of the most caring people I've ever met (Tie with the people who helped me out below) and the stories I've heard there are the more inspiring then anything ever read. Next year, I'm going to start studying nursing in college then university. My dad is very close to the top of the transplant list right now. I got the mark I deserved in the class I almost failed, and I got an extra credit in summer school, if I could take chemistry in night school, I could technically graduate a semester early. 
The band that kicked me out broke up a month later. I've found other bands to jam with since, some of which have scored paying gigs, and I've sent my spoken word poetry and short stories to several magazines and there is a very good chance I will have one of my poems published with in the next week. 

The main thing that has pushed me to come back here to thank you, was that yesterday, I prevented a chick from committing suicide.

Thank you 
