I need to go to the hospital but it's just going to fuck everything upI can't stand the thought of my dad knowing I'm going back to the hospital. When I close my eyes all I can see is the look on his face all of those years ago when the police showed up because I called a suicide hotline and they forced me to go with them to the ward. The police have showed up twice in the past two weeks, once because I told my therapist I wanted to die and the second time because my friend found out that I had something with me that I was going to OD on. My dad doesn't know. I hope he never does. I know I need to go to the hospital but I'm on his insurance plan so it's not like I can hide it forever. I don't want to hurt him again. I hurt people enough already and I can't keep hurting them. 

Last night I had a breakdown and hung out with the guy I've stupidly fallen for. I'm obsessed with him in the most unhealthy possible way and I hate myself for it. He hasn't replied to my texts in an hour and it's making me so depressed. My emotions shouldn't be tied to how he feels about me. Last night he noticed some scabs on my wrist from a little bit ago. Nothing bad because I threw away my blades about a month ago after he convinced me so I didn't have anything that sharp, but he got sad. Later that night I ordered a 100 pack of razors from Amazon because I don't even have the energy to walk to the store to buy myself something to hurt myself with. He told me it wouldn't fix anything and I told him it always fixes things. That's when he stopped replying.

I got a call from someone at my school today saying they reviewed the police report from the most recent time mentioning that they confiscated "a chemical bought online." They didn't say what it was in the police report and now the school is threatening disciplinary action if this ever happens again for "possession of illegal substances." It was sodium nitrite. You know, the stuff used for curing meat? The stuff that's completely fucking legal? That I bought from Amazon for gods sake? When I told the school I didn't have anything illegal they didn't believe me. I'm pissed at the cops for not including that vital fucking piece of info in their report. Now when I order more I'm going to have to be extremely protective of it in case it gets reported again and they once again neglect to mention that it's a LEGAL SUBSTANCE that literally anyone can buy/have. 

I don't even know why I'm typing all of this. I guess just to get it out there. I need the prolonged care of a hospital visit. My boss would probably fire me. She would be livid if I just texted her saying I was taking a week off with no warning. I need my job. I can't lose it. As much as I hate working at least it's something to keep me sane. Without a job my days would just be spent sitting in my room and staring at the wall praying for a freak fucking aneurism to kill me. I feel like I don't deserve the hospital. I'm not going to kill myself right now. I don't have the stuff anymore, they took it away. I have to get more before I'm even in any danger so maybe I'm just looking for attention. I don't actually need help I just want to feel cared for. I just want a break. I wish I could be better. I wish I could go to the hospital and just have them help me. I need help. I need help so badly but I'm too scared to ask. I should have told the police to take me to the hospital but I was too scared. I don't have a car. I can't get there by myself. I'm so scared. I just want the world to stop moving so I can catch my breath.