everything leads me back to this feeling, to this truth. i am sick of lying like everyone else.i tried really hard to love this world, but this world doesnt love me. this world doesnt love anything. this whole world is a liar. and i dont want to accept anything. any new perspective, i dont want to try it. my life has been pain. your life has been pain. i dont really care if theres hope or not. i dont care what anyone else in this world does about it. i know what i want to do. i dont want to try anymore. its a circle we all are stuck in and i just dont want to do it. i dont care if anyone hates me or hurts me anymore. it is all anyone can do to anyone all the time. we arent capable of anything else. who thought of love and peace and kindness WAS the delusional one. that stuff doesnt exist here. its crazy how important a fake thing is, because we have never had it. no one. why am i being forced to live. if you know how painful it is, if EVERYONE knows how horrible it really is, why do the people in my life who dont care if im happy or not want me alive. why want me alive then? for what purpose? i serve no one. i provide no one anything. why am i not allowed to die. why make me feel so helpless, hopeless, useless and broken, and then tell me i cant dispose of myself. why do that. why keep me around just to put me down and show me no love. why. why hold on to me. there is no why to how we were made. there should be no why to stay, no why to go. pop, for whatever reason we are here. we suffer and then pop, there we go. i wanna go right. now. i dont want to try. i dont care if i havent experienced it all yet. i have no desire to now. in all other cases, giving more than two chances would be enough. ive given it way more than a thousand more chances than that. who would it hurt. pain is in everyone and everything all the time. . who would I, me, alone, be able to hurt by dying? no one. I have so much liquor i could die tonight. it would a horrible way to die, I know and I dont care. Any way i could carry on would be a horrible way to live. at least it could end right now.

it doesnt matter what i went through, who i am, where this is coming from. you cant understand or help anymore by knowing. there is nothing you dont know. if you think you are better off than anyone, you are lying. you are suffering. i am so sorry. we cant help eachother. no one can help eachother. there is no human race. there is no together. there is each of us, the same stupid thing, but isolated within our own minds. there is no reaching eachother. there is no world. there is each of us. alone. in pain. and thats it.