I just want to be done (not urgent)I’m not sure what I’m doing posting this. I’m only vaguely suicidal but after so many attempts I feel...different...about this.

I haven’t done anything yet, and honestly I’m waiting until the hospital is more safe. I don’t want to be saved only to end up with covid-19 and on a ventilator or something with people wasting their time trying to save me when I don’t want to be saved.

I don’t even have a complete plan yet. It’s starting to form but it’s still out of focus, hazy like my mind. I’m considering using multiple methods all at once, to make it less likely that I will survive. I have it narrowed down to my top three but I don’t have a date or location. Can’t do it at home because I live with my mom who works from home. I don’t want her to be the one to find me.

I guess I just wanted to tell someone who can’t lock me up in a psychiatric facility. 

Maybe I should talk about why?

Been struggling with mental illness since age 12/13. Some doctors claim that I am schizoaffective, others say that I am bipolar, and still others have written me off as BPD. So many words to say I’ve been primarily depressed for about 18 years, have experienced delusions, and used to have a desperate fear of abandonment. One thing everyone agrees on is that I have severe anxiety to the point of being on disability. That’s why I live with my mom at age 30. I can’t work or hardly even go out without a person with me.
I also have an eating disorder that has come and gone for around 15 years now. I use substances to get out of my head, mostly over the counter stuff, and drink when I can afford to. Used to be extremely promiscuous and feel disgusting about my past. I was molested and raped as a child by a neighbor, and sexually assaulted by a friend in college. 

I just found out that I have polyps and a uterine fibroid. I need surgery. I hope that I am dead before then or that there will be anesthesia complications and I will die during surgery. I’ve been bleeding since middle of March and it just won’t stop. I’m anemic and I’m tired and cold and weak. I just...I’m a fucking mess.

I’m ready to give up, I just need to make sure it will work.