I made myself worseIf there was some advice that I would want to gie the past me, that would be to try to 1. do not stand out 2. make yourself likeable and  form connections.  

I was rather stupid socially. I never managed to make myself fit in anywhere, or be an acceptable conversation partner. There are some reasons for this, with the way that my personality was and how I was raised. But that doesn't matter. For most people this might seem trivial. But I wouldn't want to give myself that advice out of some desire for myself to be socially included. Rather, it's because the connections that I was supposed to form during school, and later college, would have immensly influenced my social standing, and some form of a scoial security net. And I'm talking about something casual, not the sociopathic interpretation or whatever.    

Something like actually understanding how a conversation is supposed to be, with giving and receiving. People not avoiding me. Managing to form friendships. Understanding different types of social relations. Understanding my own social role and building up on it. 

 The only thing that I knew was that everything was dull and painful. I looked down on everybody because I couldn't relate to them. Nobody actually wanted to spend time with me.   

And for some reason I convinced myself that being a depressed outcast would make me "cool" or "special". that was before I started having mothly showers, and being unable to focus on simple things like brushing my teeth, or scribbling a face without getting tired.

I didn't want to go to school, or to go home. School was weird and I didn't understand anything. My parents only yelled at each other at home, it was never quiet until 2 am or so. I didn't want to go anywhere. I just knew that I was probably very stupid. I was too stupid to be normal. I didn't even think about how not managing to be normal would influence my future.

A former friend of mine somehow realised that without much effort. Maybe it wasn't even a realisation to them, but actual common sense. They're a stronger person than me, who is still in school. They don't waste time in front of the PC, and they actually seem like a person, unlike me.

I never managed to be normal. I was weird, rude, awkward and an outcast. Nobody taught me how to be sociable and how much that would mean in the end. I never realised it myself, either.    

I think it's natural for most people to understand social behavior and boundaries. I guess I failed at that, too.   

So, basically, my life isn't a mess just because I'm mentally ill, but because I was too stupid to present myself in a way that would guarantee safety. And now I'm a depressed loner and a failure. I didn't think about it much before, but it only makes sense. People are going to pity me, distance themselves from me, take advantage of me, or just plain use me. Because I am now worth less than the majority.    

People aren't going to treat me equal. I ruined my own future. Why am I still alive. I should die.