Life is feeling less &amp; less worth itFirst of all, I hate this. I feel like I'm here for attention. I know I'm not. I know I have problems. I'm going to start from the top.

I was born march 24th. I was supposed to be born mid-May. I was premature. My father was an abusive druggie &amp; my mom struggled to keep food &amp; diapers for me because my father would take the rent money to buy drugs. He would keep her locked in the house &amp; have his brothers &amp; friends keep an eye on her all day. She had to escape through a window with me early one morning. Because of all her struggles I've postponed my suicide for a long time, not wanting to waste her efforts.

I had one friend in elementary school. She had her own problems to say the least. We weren't on the same color track so I could only see her when our families met up. I was alone for the majority of my elementary school days. From around third grade I knew people didn't like me. No one talked to me unless they had to. No one desired to be in my presence. I spent my childhood volunteering for the janitor. I would go to his office at lunch &amp; ask for a big garbage bag so I could pick up trash. Sometimes there were other kids that would do it with me. But they weren't my friends. We just shared space. I liked to draw &amp; I wanted to be a fashion designer from the age of 6. I also wanted to be a vet because I loved animals. I loved animals more than I loved people. I empathized so strongly with any animal in pain. I cried when other kids talked about hurting animals.

Before middle school we moved to a different town. I was happy to start fresh &amp; tried really hard to make friends right away. I made one friend. She was kind of slutty just like my childhood friend from elementary school. I didn't like it because my mom always said it was bad to always want boys but I just wanted to be around someone. So I pretended to like boys too, but I didn't care. I was however incredibly sexual from a young age. I have memories of masturbating by pushing on my mons from the age of 4. I also did other things like tried to get my friends to masturbate with me whenever I was at a sleep-over. 

In my second year of middle school I made my first real group of friends. We were all brought together by our cringeworthy love of anime. At this time the girls were blossoming &amp; starting to wear makeup. Sometimes I blame the fact that my town is full of drug use for the fact that all these girls were so ready to wear makeup &amp; dress skimpily. Most of them were cholas. However I never caught up to the makeup train. And believe it or not I thought I was just ugly. I didn't realize it was all makeup until high school. Now that I look back at it I was probably depressed from the start, but I'll tell you what I went through anyways. I had friends but I only hung out with them in school. They would make plans outside of school &amp; invite me but I would always say I couldn't go. I don't know exactly what started it but for whatever reason I would always get extremely depressed in middle school because I was ugly. I would cry because I had a little baby fat &amp; didn't think I looked good in tight clothes. I would cry for hours because my hair was frizzy &amp; I had a little acne. I would tell myself that it was impossible for anyone to want to be my friend because no one wanted to spend time with someone who looked like me. These crying spells normally happened in the evening. However the next day I would wake up, get dressed, and walk to school, excited for a new day. I would wake up &amp; go so early I was one of the first few students on campus. I wanted to spend as much time with my friends before we had to go to class as possible. I never payed attention in class. I just couldn't. To this day I think I have ADD but my insurance won't cover an evaluation with a real psychologist. Middle school was great because even though I got in trouble for never doing my work, seeing my friends was all that mattered to me. 

Skip forward to high school. My whole group of friends migrated together to the new school. It sucked because I had to focus more but I still got to see my friends. After freshman year I screwed myself over though. I had fallen in love with my best friend. I knew it for about a year. To this day I know what I feel for him is the truest form of love I have ever felt. Near the end of our freshman year I asked him to be with me, the first relationship that ever meant anything to me, &amp; he said yes. We were together for a month. Then this guy came along. We'll call him Jack. I met Jack in the beginning of my freshman year. I guess we became friends. If I could travel back in time I would tell myself to never ever talk to him again. Cut all ties. He was the biggest mistake of my life. He had so many problems, &amp; like all my "friends" from the past, he was obsessed with having a partner. I was a really caring person &amp; I always wanted to help &amp; wanted people to be happy. I was a very gullible &amp; ignorant child - &amp; like they say ignorance is bliss - those were the happiest times of my life. I don't know what was wrong with Jack. He had more problems then than I do now. He was always upset over girls &amp; he had a lot of night terrors. Now that I'm older I think this is bullshit &amp; he just wanted pity. I would stay up night after night trying to console him. I was with my love for a month. Then Jack confessed his feelings for me. I should have seen it coming but I was too ignorant. He tried to date any girl he came across. 

The day he confessed to me we were walking home from school together. He played the whole "guess who I have a crush on" game the whole way home. When we got to my door he said it was me. I guess he wanted me to be like "yeah I'll go out with you" right on the spot but I was with someone else so I was like "what about it?" He said he wanted an answer &amp; went home. Now, while I was with someone I adored, Jack still had an affect on me. Remember I was fresh out of middle school &amp; still thought I was the ugliest thing on the planet. His confession flattered me &amp; made me feel good. Up until that point I had never really gotten a compliment. There was a feeling of excitement &amp; butterflies, but only because someone had said something nice about me. I didn't know how to handle it. When Jack got home he called me &amp; demanded an answer. At the time I was very innocent &amp; never wanted to let anyone down or make them sad ever. It was about a four hour call of him begging me to leave my love &amp; date him. I think he knew how desperate I was to please my peers. He broke me down &amp; got me to agree to leave my current partner for him. This is where the downward spiral begins. 

It started when I left my friend group because Jack insisted on hanging on me all the time, &amp; I didn't want to hurt my love. I could see it in his eyes that it bothered him. So I cut all ties with my friends to avoid hurting him. I thought I'd be fine because i never had friends before.  This was my biggest mistake. Not long into the relationship Jack pressured me into sexual things I wasn't comfortable with. I didn't know how to say no because I was only 14. I still didn't even think I was attractive. This went on for three months. Then one day Jack decided he wanted to have sex with me. Without letting me know first. 

This is where a lot of my problems today stem from. I've been to a counselor but at the time I wasn't comfortable talking about all this. I was forced into sex 5 times in the two years I was isolated with Jack. The worst part is I can't even call him a rapist because I should have stopped him. It just scared me so much every time it happened that I froze up. I just wanted it to be done. But Jack was the only friend in my life. Letting him do that stuff to me made him happy, so I put up with it. The "relationship" itself was very abusive. He blamed all his problems on me. He would physically abuse me in passive ways that he could mask. He once threw a bag of chips &amp; a can of soda at my back, &amp; then said it was an accident. One time he got yelled at while I was at his house &amp; he took his anger out on me &amp; pushed a mattress on top of me, then sat on it. I should have just left but I didn't want to be alone again. So it's in part my fault for all the different abuse I went through with him. Eventually I got away &amp; my friends someone forgave me &amp; took me back into the group. Though, to this day I can't watch Law &amp; Order SVU or anything that mentions rape. While I haven't dealt with the trauma of being attacked by a stranger or drugged or surprised, I still know what it feels like to have something forced into your vagina when you don't want it. It's very painful. &amp; seeing rape in media instantly causes flashbacks. 

During my senior year of high school I went to a counselor &amp; was prescribed antidepressant for random bursts of anger. I stopped them after a year or so I think. It became too much for me. While they made me feel better they were hell after the Zoloft built up in my system. I would have intense nightmares at least twice a week &amp; wherever the pills were doing to me would cause me to tense up so much in my sleep that I would wake up so drenched in sweat I thought I peed myself. The nightmares were so bad that I'd feel tired for the rest of the day on top of the drowsiness from the Zoloft. Eventually it got so bad I had to stop. At first I told myself I was better, but now I know I'm not. The depression wasn't from the abuse. It was from me. 

Now I'm in college &amp; while I have no reason to ever be upset, I consider killing myself at least once a month. I live a very good life. I have food, I never go hungry. I have a home that I will not lose. I have the luxury of internet &amp; television, heating &amp; AC, &amp; four pets. Because of my living situation I get over $3,000 a semester to go to school full time. I don't need to worry about anything. But yet I hate myself on a regular basis.

For whatever reason I can't handle sad things anymore. I can't watch Law &amp; Order or Bones. Anything with any sort of realistic negative event sends me in a downward spiral of sadness &amp; anxiety that the world is too sad. I feel like I don't belong on this planet. There are too many different opinions &amp; too many people want to take away other's freedom for their own selfish reasons. I just want everyone to be happy but I can't have that. I feel like a waste of effort. I want to become a 3D artist but I'm not very good &amp; I don't see any improvement in my work. My friends group is slowly falling apart with adulthood &amp; now I have two close friends &amp; a boyfriend. Sometimes I feel like people don't actually care to have me around &amp; they're just being nice. I don't want to be here anymore because seeing everyone hurt each other in religion, in politics, in personal tastes, in gang violence, over drug abuse.... it's all unnecessary negativity that we can't work through together. It should not be as hard as it is for the world to be united &amp; friendly. It's exhausting. I know I must sound so ridiculous &amp; childish to say that I feel this way but I do &amp; no amount of reasoning on my part or anyone else's will ever make me feel better. Some days I can wake up &amp; hold my own &amp; not bat an eyelash if someone doesn't like me. But other days the slightest negativity towards me sends me crumbling like a house of cards. I hate this. Medication didn't help me. It just made me feel worse in different ways. Why can't we just allow euthanization for people who don't want to live. It should be our choice. It would be so much easier for everyone.