I tried to commit suicide when I was about 14 and failed, but I have on odd sense of humor about it?Hello, I'm still new but I'm not sure if this belongs here. But we'll see.

I lived in a very very deteriorated home, a hoarder house. My mom is the one with the affliction and I still in a subconscious way blame her. I know it's just her mind but I can't see why she'd let me and sister live that way. She has this odd mindset that her children are supposed to help HER. When we formed our own problems she began to guilt trip. My mother was virtually absent, if we wanted to hang around her we had to go to HER room. She never took us anywhere and only ever stayed in her nest. We had no amenities; no heat, no bathrooms, no kitchen, no washing machines, and very little food. We had power and water for awhile but that eventually went too. My father left at about age 6, but he made good money and constantly sent so much to our mother whom never used it on us. She was and still is a very loving mother. She simply has mental issues and it sucks. My father spoke to me everyday. Without fail. As a kid I knew that being a single father would suck. I think I've heard people who think like me called empathes. You have to basically read a mind to see how that day was going to go, so I got pretty good at predicting how others feel and would feel. But I'm not sure.

Anyway on to the meat and potatoes. I was 14 and at my lowest point. I remember getting the rope and tying it up and walking into the woods behind my house. I went and found a tree I thought was good. I climbed up I don't know how far but I was about 6 ft off the ground at the end of the rope. I was a pretty heavy kid, and am currently on my way to weight loss! But I tied it to the branch which I jumped on and tested but I was thankfully wrong. I remember sitting there crying for about an hour and then I did it. I sat on the branch and let myself down and then just let go.. I swung for what felt like forever but in reality it was probably 10 seconds or less. Then I heard a crack and the branch let me down. I hit the ground coughed for about 20 mins all the while crying. But I remember after I sat there and looked up at the stars for awhile. I thought to myself "what else could I do wrong?" got up and brushed it off walked inside and that noose is still in the backyard of that house. I personally think that it's rather funny and I continue to this day tell it as a "funny" story. I know it's odd but humor is one of the only coping mechanisms I believe to positive in my case.