Broken wreck.Every day I hope will be the last, to be severed from this mortal coil.
Too many burdens of the past, within me fester, burn and boil.
The simple taste of steel on skin, or a rope that twists around my neck.
Will purge the pain that rests within this shattered shell, this broken wreck.

It's short and simple, but it seems to be all I have right now. I didn't come here to write poetry, but it's a frustration at the back of my mind that my writing is not more forthcoming.

My mind is the problem, it doesn't work as it should. I'm well aware of that, whether it be the self-destructive tendencies, or the simple lack of self-esteem, the black pit which resides in place of my motivation to actually do anything in life, which has been filled just often enough to know that there is hope, but so little as to feel that hope itself is torture. I've lived more of my life like this than not. And as far as everyone else is concerned, I'm normal... maybe a little lazy, maybe a bit quirky sometimes, but I'm very good at faking it. I've tried faking it till I make it, but 16 years of a 29 year life is probably enough to show that it's not going to work. I've tried the usual array of psychological professionals, I've tried diet and exercise, I've tried beating myself bloody, trying to block out the disarray of the mind with the pain of the body... that helps somewhat at least. 

The last time I felt truly able to function in this world was the last time I was in a relationship. It's a year or so back now, but being with someone manages to fill a lot of the black pit inside me, and give me enough focus and direction that I don't have to fake so much. I've had the usual cycle of love and heartbreak, on multiple occasions, but right now I don't think it's fair for me to look for a relationship, because the motivation is wrong... or at least I fear I might see it that way. And it's not fair either that I put all this on another human being.

So I'm alone, working a job which does little more than cover the costs of living, trying hard for a promotion which will leave longer hours, harder work, in a job which leaves me anxious and depressed, and less chance to enjoy living, to try and be a bit more comfortable in my living situation. I don't know, I feel like there is absolutely no point to life itself living in this sort of mess. I work, to exist, and I exist to work. I can't get myself to do anything more, because my head wont stop being the way it is.

I don't know where I'm going with this, I guess I've already decided that suicide is the best option available to me. My thoughts are just dashing between all the ways my life isn't worth living. I know no-one cares, I have no-one close to me in my life, and while people online might say they care, it's only in a prosaic way, a care for life in general. If mine ended tomorrow, no-one would be the wiser, no-one would care... and that isn't hyperbole, as much as I wish it was.