Severe legal problems. I ruined my life. No way out.So, i've f*cked my life over and i see no way out other than to kill myself or leave the country.  I had several dui's between 2001 and 2008.  I got off relatively easy on all of them for various reasons.  the one in 2008 should have been a felony dui due to the amount i had within a 7 year period.  But i got that one in california and they didn't see the ones i had in Arizona.   None of those dui's involved any type of injury to anyone.  

Fast forward to 2017 and i get another dui in colorado.  Most states only have a look back period of 7 to 10 years (whereby they only include your prior violations within 7 and 10 years).  However, Colorado looks back a lifetime.  So, i'm looking at a felony (class 4 - the lowest class felony) on my record for life (felonies cannot be expunged after a period of time like many other states).  So, i'm f*cked.  I know i brought this on myself and must pay the price, so please no verbal abuse.  this dui involved no injury or accident either.  

I have been sober since that DUI back in July 2017.  so, i've been sober for almost 6 months.  I got on antabuse immediately after the dui and then went into a 2 month rehab program.  after that, i completed a 6 week outpatient program.  I have been attending AA here and there (not a massive fan of AA) and also attend SMART recovery meetings weekly.  my court date is coming up in about 10 days in Colorado.  i have to fly back there from my homestate of Arizona and will be sentenced in 4 to 8 weeks from then.  I am looking at some serious jail time, lost opportunities, massive fines, a ruined career, etc.  I have been a contract/consulting engineer for the last 20 years or so.  I've ruined that because a felony will prevent me from getting jobs.  I feel like my life is over.  I'm very depressed and suicidal.  I have written my will and given it to my mom as well as giving her all my financial/retirement online login and passwords.  I have a net worth of close to $1 million, so i need those assets to go strictly to my mom and not probate.  Friends tell me that i have a lot going for me, am relatively young (48 is relatively young?!?!), a loving mom , and good finances.... but all that doesn't seem to help.  I can't get a gun at a store because i was thrown into a suicide ward at the E.R. when i was in rehab.  but guns are very easy to get in Arizona via private sale.  I have already decided a 45 caliber hollowpoint will do the job.  I bought the bullets and am shopping for a gun online at armslist.com.  