Give me one good fucking reason why I shouldn’t jump off a bridge.Let me start off by saying I feel like my entire life after 12 years of age was just plagued in fucking misery. I have a obvious physical deformation that I constantly get made fun of for and it has led me to feel extremely insecure about the way I look, and until this fucking day (I’m in my early 20s) I still feel extremely insecure because of this physical deformation. I used to get bullied every single fucking day throughout middle and high school for this physical deformation that I fucking had that was so clear on my face. It affected me socially and I was hesitant to apply for jobs because I was limited to the positions I felt comfortable applying for. Fast forward to when I’m 18, my mom dies of cancer on the day of my best friend’s birthday, a day which is supposed to be celebrated and filled with laugher, but instead I cried my fucking balls off and was handed a side of fucking depression. This was also around the time that I had broken up with my ex girlfriend and I was just in so much emotional pain. I dropped all of my courses and didn’t return to school for another year and a half. When I saw my friends graduation and enjoying their lives, I was put on academic probation. I bounced back after a year and I haven’t failed a class since, but I met this girl and we hit it really off really good for a year but until recently she really started letting me know how big of a fucking burden and how I annoying I am in her life and every-time I would make the effort to go see her, she would fucking tell me that I’m taking up her fucking time and that I’m fucking annoying for coming up. The depression that I thought I had overcome crept back up and hit me even harder than ever. I don’t even want to fucking live anymore, I get told I’m a fucking burden and a nuisance by the girl I like &amp; my dad tells me I’m never going to amount to anything and I can’t even think of a name when asked “who do you go to for emotional support”. I’m a fucking failure and I just want to fucking die, it’s not like anyone fucking cares