I'm so exhausted, I just want to end it allOriginally posted on r/depression

I've suffered from depression since a young age. I have a life threatening hereditary illness, which has reduced my life expectancy to between 40-50 years old if I carry a healthy lifestyle and successfully receive organ transplants, etc. Because of this illness I cannot have children, and it is unlikely that I will ever be able to adopt or foster. I'm currently 26 years old, I made sure to do everything I wanted to in life (bar having a family) as early as possible, and try to focus on a career to ensure I made some sort of difference to the world. For three years after university I worked my dream job, but ended up quitting due to stress, anxiety, depression and bullying. I now work a basic administration job for half the pay, limiting me to the amount of travel I can now do (one thing that actually made me happy). I hate my job, mostly because it's unfulfilling and mundane. I come home from work, I eat dinner, I watch TV, I go to bed, and it all begins again. I have been applying for jobs, and attending interviews for almost every one I have applied for, for the past 13 months. And this shitty job is all I have managed to bag. My feedback from interviews is almost always "You have the right experience/skills/drive we are looking for, but there is another candidate with more experience/who we have worked with in the past." My whole life obviously doesn't revolve around my job, but it is a big part of what influences my mood on a day-to-day basis.

Since a teenager I have bounced from relationship to relationship, focusing all my energy on that person and allowing them to control my happiness. I understand how pathetic and unhealthy this is, but being around people is always something that has made me feel better about myself. Despite enjoying being around people so much, my tolerance to them is actually quite low, and I find myself getting irritated by small things quite frequently. A few months ago I met a boy who I got on with well, and who seemed to be really in to me. I met him at a point where I was ready to give up. On everything. I was prepared to end my life. I had a plan. But this boy walked into my life and gave me a reason to carry on. Maybe because of this I pinned too much hope on it working out. But he seemed genuine, and he supported me through my down days and pushed me to look for a better job, and made me feel like my life was worth living again.

Over the weekend he told me that despite liking me, and being happy with me, he had come to the realisation that he wasn't prepared to be in a relationship. It's just not something he's ready for. I understand that I cannot make him stick around, and it would be cruel to guilt trip him into staying, so I have tried to avoid that as best I can. This realisation hit him on one of the darkest days I've had in several years, which might be why it hit me so hard, forcing me into an even darker bout of depression. I'm angry at him for deciding he doesn't want this so suddenly, after making out that this was what he wanted in the first place. I understand how fleeting people can be, so I was taking the relationship one day at a time, happy he wanted to spend time with me and liked me for who I am. But he made out this was a solid, permanent thing. He made me believe he was in this for the long-haul, he wanted to be with me, and that was that. He started calling me his girlfriend, suggested introducing me to his parents, we planned trips together. I'm angry that he changed his mind. I'm angry that he still likes me, and was happy with me, and genuinely sees himself ruining a good thing, but still continues to anyway.

I'm angry because despite telling my closest friends how I was already feeling on that day, and then telling them his decision, they have yet to get in touch with me to make sure I'm okay. These are people I have been friends with for over a decade. They have shaped my life, my personality, my likes and my dislikes. These are people who know me the best, they know my struggle with depression and anxiety, they know my history of drug abuse, suicide attempts, failed medications, therapy sessions. They know that I reach out when I need help, but when I'm at my lowest I keep to myself. I didn't want to end my life on that day, so I told them I was thinking of it but didn't want to. I told them I needed help. They told me I had so much to live for, but couldn't make a list. They told me they were there for me, but had plans this weekend that they couldn't cancel.

Despite everything, the boy told me he would be there for me, as a friend. I don't want him in my life as a friend, I want him to continue to be my boyfriend, but I understand that I cannot force that. It hurts to know I can't have him like that again. I don't know if I can live with him just being my friend and nothing more, when I am always going to want more. I don't think it's fair on either of us. But, my actual friends have stopped caring. Clearly I've cried wolf one too many times. So maybe this time I won't cry wolf. Maybe this time I'll just do it, go ahead with the original plan and end it all.

As sad as this sounds, the only reason I didn't go ahead and kill myself as soon as he left yesterday was the hope that he might change his mind. That hope is dwindling by the second.