Can i just stop?I just want everything to stop and give me a second to recollect myself. Its so hard thinking about everything i have to go through on a daily basis just to live. Its so hard putting on that fake face everyday and pretending everything is fine. Its not fine. Ive thought about driving my car off a bridge just to let things end more quickly. I just hate dealing with family things like my autistic brother has lennox gasteau syndrome and i cant do anything about it and the medicine hes on is making him homicidal and he lives 10 states away with just my mom and is strong enough to overpower her and hurt her. My dad is very slowly developing dementia and is rapidly losing his short term memory and he never wants to deal with me. My girlfriend of 4 years left me for my best friend and ruined my entire friend group since my friend group likes him better. I came close to ending it right after that happened and ended up going to a psych hospital. I hate being alone because it means i can just dive deeper into my already tanking thoughts and just be more depressed. When i was just about to turn 13 i tried to molest my cousin to see what it felt like and make it look like nothing happened and it just makes me feel worse. I hate myself for every second i live because of it. (Shes fine and living) my best friends brother killed himself because of guilt and being on mushrooms, a friend of mine died from lung cancer and he was 23. My grandfather was diagnosed with dementia shortly after coming back into my life. My other grandfather was diagnosed with prostate cancer and got it taken out and it somehow came back. Im extremely overweight and i hate myself for becoming this way. I just want all the stuff to end. All of this happened in 2018. I cant handle anymore bad news. I have breakdowns at work because i get in a random depressed mood and cant stop thinking. I have anxiety attacks on the way to work because i constantly think im not enough. I want to take my life every day but i stop to think about what all the people in my life would think of me if i did something as selfish as that. I think about how many people would show up at my funeral so i could see who actually cared. I think about out of all the friends that i have that would put me in the ground or throw my ashes into an ocean or something and have tears streaming down their faces. I think about all of this while not thinking about myself but instead thing about how others feel and how i dont want them to feel like i do. When i was younger i wanted to be a police officer and now im not sure because i hear all these stories about them and how crooked they are. I worked as a 911 dispatcher for about 6 months and i lost all of my emotions because of it. Im a shell of a human being but i want to die. Tell me why i should keep going. I dont want to kill myself but i just want to die.