I’m really afraid I’m going to kill myselfI love my boyfriend more than anything in the world, he is so perfect it’s unreal. We don’t really argue, we’re just always so happy together and everything about him is just so special. We’ve been together for over a year and I just can’t imagine my life without him. 

My best friends girlfriend is also my friend too, they’re literally inseparable and I’m a very clingy person. I don’t like being alone and they don’t have jobs and live around the corner from me so we’re always together and I never have to be alone. 

Last week the girlfriend ran to my house and said my best friend had beaten her and her face was all fucked up and she asked me to help her and me and my mother hid her from him for days and helped her apply for emergency housing  and took her to multiple shelters as she kept leaving and then would call us for help again and ask us to take her back to the shelters. My best friend found out I was hiding her and was so angry at me and I hated him at this point, I could never be friends with someone like this. She went back to him and he’s now posting everywhere that I was a sex worker and that I cheated on my boyfriend and that I suffer from an ED. I didn’t cheat on my boyfriend, I flirted with a guy at a party when I was drunk and manic and it ended at that but my best friend considers flirting to be cheating although my boyfriend does not but the other two things he’s posting are true. I have paid his rent for him, I’ve been a personal taxi for him for years I’ve taken him wherever he needed whenever w/o asking for a dime. I bought him groceries and clothes and let him live with me when he was homeless. He’s trying to ruin my relationship and my life and I don’t understand why the closest people to me would do this. I know this probably doesn’t seem like a big deal but I now am going to be alone a lot as my boyfriend and I have conflicting work schedules and I can’t handle being alone it makes me so anxious I can’t do anything on my own and I feel like when I do nothing I’m wasting my life anyways and I just don’t want to feel this bad anymore 