I need help...This isn't my first Reddit post, but I'm using a throwaway account because if this comes back to me it will have implications. I'm going to have to be vague in some areas because I'm terrified that someone I know will see this and know who it is. 

Anyway, I've been miserable for years now. I graduated and got the job I wanted, but aside from that I've made no progress in my life. I'm in my 20s. I've never had a girlfriend. I've made a few friends along the way, but they've all just drifted away, probably in no small part because I'm crap at social interaction, but probably not helped by the fact that I move with my job every year or so at the moment, and I don't get a lot of choice in that matter. 

I have nobody. I mean, literally nobody. If you asked me to name a friend, I'd draw a blank. When I had to sign my tenancy, I didn't even have anyone who could countersign aside from my family. If I go through my last called phone numbers, I have my parents, a list of cold callers and a few people from work who I phoned purely to discuss business. I don't have any plans when I'm not at work. I don't leave the house, I don't go anywhere. I sometimes go and visit my family at the weekend (a few hundred miles away) but even then I'm just hanging out with them rather than meeting any friends from home. I've had one night out in the last two years with work colleagues, which has been the totality of my social life in that time. 

I've tried to get out there, but I've ended up becoming more and more of a recluse. I can barely interact with any business without ending up lodging a complaint, and I'm getting sick and tired of having to deal with crap customer service and people blaming me for their mistakes. I'm getting terrified of speaking to people in general as a result of this. 

This has been my life for a few years, and usually I can cover this up by saying that work is my raison d'être. I usually enjoy my work and rely on that to get through my life. But now work's collapsed around me as well (and this is where I have to be especially vague). There's been an incident at work that I've been involved in, and it's big. My bosses are telling me that I'm not to blame, but I'm sure they'll throw me under the bus if they have the opportunity to do so to save their own backsides. I recently found out that they did try and do this to me a few months ago (and failed), and I wasn't aware of it until well after it had been wrapped up. I don't really trust anyone now. 

It's taken me a long time to post this, because every time I try and open up to people I get called every name under the sun. It's all my fault that I'm in this situation, I appreciate that. I'm a pushover, I'm a wimp, and I'm an absolute cunt of a person. I know this now. This is the life I have chosen. But I'm still fucking terrified, because I have a plan for suicide. It's not an easy plan, and of course I'm not going to share it with anyone in case I give anyone any ideas. But it's a plan I came up with on Saturday night and one that is achievable. And that's closer than I've ever been before. I've had brief thoughts about driving into oncoming cars and throwing myself in front of trains and other stupid shit like that, but they've always been brief thoughts lasting seconds. I've never actually thought something through to this extent. 

I don't have anywhere to turn to. Family are too far away and they'll just get upset and blame me. I have no friends, as I've already said. If I go through work it'll become a big thing that will impede or even end my career and give me less of a reason to live. I'll never get an appointment with a doctor, and they'll probably just put me back on fluoxetine which didn't really do anything last time I had it (I just weaned myself off it several years ago). 

I'm sorry to have just poured out, but I need to write this somewhere. 