I'm a TOTAL failure and I hate this life, I don't want to live anymoreI'm just gonna write here my "life" story, I don't really know what else to do

I'm a 23 years old male, I don't have any friends, never had a girlfriend, never even kissed a girl. I repeat, I'm 23.

I was a normal kid, a bit shy, but had many friends, hanging out with them every day, playing sports and just doing what kids do. I was very interesting in universe &amp; football. People liked me, I was an intelligent &amp; fun kid, I remember my 4th grade teacher telling my mom that I'm a little genius. I was even really handsome until I hit puberty.

When I was 13, I completely stopped going out, I started spending my time on a computer. All of my time. I lost all of my real life friends and found some internet friends instead - I talk only to one of them now.

My posture got fucked up pretty quickly, obviously because of sitting on the computer all the time, I developed a forward head syndrome, kyphosis, lordosis, winged scapula etc. Puberty really fucked me up. I'm that guy who people laugh at when they see him, or just think for themselves "what a weirdo", even my ex-classmate from elementary school who saw me after years said "man what happened, you walk like a retard" and many people told me I look weird, well I can see it every day in the mirror.

When I was 18, I had a huge acne, all over my face and neck. Still got scars on my face. I will never forget how were people looking at me, with pure disgust in their eyes, my classmates were laughing at me every day. I was bullied also physically but not that much, in elementary school, I think that's when I lost all of my confidence and became scared of people.

But looks isn't my only problem, even tho it's one of the biggest causes of my SOCIAL ANXIETY. I can't talk to people, I don't know what to say when I talk to someone, I just became retarded. I don't know how to behave in social situations, I don't know how to react, I just don't know what to say and even if I have something to say, it's always awkward, even if I'm trying to say something funny, people never laugh, so I'm better quiet all the time.

I was unemployed for 2,5 years, now I work in a job that I hate, making peanuts, I can't expect anything else since I have only high school education. Why? Because I don't have any hobbies, I'm not interested in anything, I don't have any talents, I've been trying to find something since I was 18.
I'm living only with my mom in a one room appartment and our biggest problem is money, since I was a child.

My mom is trying to do everything for me, even now, and all I want in this life is her to be happy, I don't care about me anymore. I want her to be financially free, to not be stressed every day. But I'm just a failure that can't do anything

I have to wake up in 4 hours and go to that fucking stupid pointless job again, I don't even want to go to bed, I'm getting anxious even when I think about it :(

I was working out for like a year a couple of years ago, my body got a little bit better but really just a little bit, I still looked like a fucking weirdo, now it's much worse tho and I don't have any energy to do anything. I'm tired all the time, I don't have any energy, it's like my body already gave up, I don't want to do anything, just leave this body, but at the same time I don't want to, because it would ruin the lives of my family.

I'm an extremely clumsy and unskilled person, I can't do anything, I don't know anything

I feel trapped here and I'm not enjoying this life at all

I tried to write this post not too emotionally, but believe me I feel like the most useless, ugliest, dumbest weirdo in the world.

I hate this life and I have tears in my eyes when I think about it, because I know how much it would hurt my mom if she saw this post, but that's just how I feel for the last 2 years :(