A different sort of postI feel like I'm going to explode if I don't tell someone about this.

I'm not a drug addict. I'm a straight-A student. I have a loving and supportive family, we are well-off financially, and I have a fairly tight-knit group of friends. I am average-looking and healthy.

I don't have symptoms of depression -- I'm not particularly sad or apathetic. I just feel empty. I feel like I have no connection with anyone else. A few years ago I was in a wretched state. I would often cry at night for no real reason, brought to tears just by reflecting on myself. I believe I had some strong self-esteem issues at this point. Now, most of that has passed, but it's been replaced by a sort of disregard for my life and others' life. Suicide doesn't seem extreme to me anymore; for a while now, I've accepted that I will probably kill myself pretty soon. I just don't want to go on living. Others would call me selfish, because I have everything I need and by all criteria I should be completely happy. I don't see a point in continuing to live. I imagine all the different paths my life could take from now and I don't see myself feeling happier in any of them. I could become rich and marry a beautiful woman and have the perfect job, but it all seems so *empty*. Just a waste of time. Suicide feels like the logical next step. Even when I'm happy, I feel this way. I don't see it as a big thing: it's more like "yeah I'll commit suicide soon. That's ok."

When I scroll through my facebook friends, I see no one I truly connect with. There are all these people that I've known for years, and yet I don't think I know them at all. In a way I'm disgusted by them, but I can't explain why. I feel more alone when I'm with people then when I'm actually alone. At the same time, when I'm alone I feel like I need to be around other people. Alcohol helps a lot, but that's not a sustainable solution.

A lot of people here say they don't want to kill themselves because it would upset friends and family, but to be completely honest I don't care. Perhaps my attitude is slightly solipsistic, but I can't place myself into their heads. Or I can, but my perspective is distorted. I don't think I'd be sad if someone close to me died, so I can't imagine someone being sad if I died. Sometimes I imagine killing my friends. I think I would enjoy it. I imagine them looking into my eyes while I do it, and in that moment there's an understanding that passes between us. Maybe I've just played too many video games or watched too many R-rated movies.

On that metanoia page that the sidebar links to, there's a quote that says "Suicide is not chosen; it happens when pain exceeds resources for coping with pain." I  don't think that applies to me. I have very little pain (perhaps I just have no resources for coping with it) but suicide genuinely feels like a better option than continuing to live. The page goes on to say "You are not a bad person, or crazy, or weak, or flawed, because you feel suicidal." I don't feel like any of those things. I feel completely rational and justified in choosing suicide, and this is dangerous. If/when I kill myself it won't be in a moment of desperation, it will be because I've weighed up all the options and suicide is easier. The only barrier is the actual method of suicide. I am absolutely sure that if I had access to a gun right this second, I would kill myself without hesitation.

I don't know what I'm getting at here. I guess what I want to know is, am I alone? Is there anyone else who doesn't feel depressed, just empty, and who feels like they want to commit suicide even when they're not sad?