Please read and commentYesterday they scolded me for having the lenses of the glasses out of  their frame yeah I'm wrong for that they also scolded me because I Had  some broken watches in a box and mom scolded (Dad left for his work in  the afternoon) me that were broken by me, a shell of a rolex which I  saved from being hrown out and a watch whose band IIplaced in another  box and dad threw out while I was saying him not to I pleaded him too(it  was way before he scolded me yesterday) he threw a very good watch band  too, I had removed watchband as I had a galaxy watch and wanted it to  look good therefore I removed the bands from other watches(which were  given to me by dad)I removed the bands from the watch as if I ask for a  band Mom will interject and say that it's  UNNECESSARY(Dad can buy bands  for his watch) and if I buy some bands on my own then I'll be scolded  that I don't know how to handle money, where my father lost my Rs 4500  watch didn't give me my Rs. 300 which he got after I gave him all the  phone boxes I  collected through the years and he fucking lost Rs. 250  (for which I was scolded as I bought it I have made a post on that too, I   gave it to him for using in his subwoofer and I said him to use one of  his Pendrive(which he asked me to store for him) and lost it) and she  asked me while throwing the shell watch into the box, "do you have any  watch that someone wear and go about", Lady ask your husband he is  wearing one of my watch(I didn't say that I don't want to get scolded  even harder), I asked her earlier that month to repair one of my good  watches (I'm not allowed to go out because of 'Rona) she replied   NO(different from one my father wears. I get cursed at if I don't know  where a thing. I got scolded because I cut 2 cylindrical boxes and made  them into a pen holder in my new room. I'm just another wallet for my  mom and dad don't want an apology of all above as there are some faults  of mine too. but  yesterday she said, "YOU HAVE ONLY ONE WORK AND THAT  IS TO STUDY NOTHING  OTHER THAN THAT AND DON'T SHOW YOUR SMARTNESS IN  PHONE STUFF(she means  computers and all)"everything else she said went  over my head but not that line now WIBTA if I asked for a written  apology from mom and dad if they ask me to do stuff on their phones and  technology like DAD; can you please install alt store on my phone and  Laptop son. ME; No dad My only work is to study I heard it on  (YESTERDAY'S DATE) BY MOM. DAD; Do iT ME; no, my work is to study only.  after a lot of this, I ask him and mom to give me a written apology as  they just scold me and think," OUR SON WILL NOT THINK OF IT MUCH AND  MOVE ON" that is not what happens, I cry myself to sleep many nights as I  think I'm a  failure and think suicide they always say I'm retard curse  at me say I'm good for nothing yada yada I take that at heart and  sometimes believe it, this has to lead me to be in epression most day(I  don't show it but I really can feel it). so uncle Reddit WIBTA for  asking a written apology for just the line not