Why does my father look at us that way? (Vent post, please ignore)My father is a hardworking man. He paid his way in college, got his masters in civil engineering and now earns hundreds of thousands of dollars a year at a non for profit national institute. He's highly intelligent, and very driven, and I respect him for that.

But the way he talks about my siblings and I worries me. He constantly tells all four of us to toughen up, especially when we're feeling anxious, scared and / or overwhelmed. None of us are going to be at the same level he is, and he constantly compares us to the people he works at his office with like we were hired to be his children or something. He's only ever to said to me that my younger brother, who just transferred from a state university to a local community after a bad semester, is a disappointment, out loud; but I get the feeling that he thinks of all of us that way.

I don't think he understands that none of us asked to be here, to intrude upon his space and force him to spend massive amounts of us for a good education and full life (which I'm truly grateful for). All four of us are being medicated for mental health and intellectual disabilities (high functioning autism, severe clinical depression and anxiety, and ADHD to name a few) and aren't able to live life the way he is. But he wants us to be exactly like him and I don't know how much longer I can take that look and tone of disappointment from him, or see it pointed at my siblings.

For 20 years I've been trying to make him proud, to make him content, to make him feel SOMETHING OTHER THAN DISAPPOINTMENT. Every time I feel like I've gotten somewhere, he shuts down my happiness and diminishes my accomplishments, while minimizing and dismissing my truly debilitating fears and anxieties. 

If all he can see us is four massive wastes of time, money and energy, maybe I should just take one for the team and end my life. That way, I can escape, take his attention away from them, and be the biggest disappointment of them all, so they don't have to.

The only issue is my mom, who truly loves us all. She was upset that my brother had a particularly bad semester, but she sees hope in him, and the rest of us. I can whine and yell about my father, and at him, all day, but I can't truly ever harm my mother in any way, shape or form. Even when I have raised my voice at her, the only thing I ever felt was shame and guilt after. Killing myself would end her light and her joy, and I can't be at peace knowing I caused that.

So I'm stuck in this loop, of wanting to die more and more every day, for one reason or another but ultimately just to escape, but staying because I'd have to bring my mom's life with me. I'm not afraid to die, or to hurt, but I fear the day I'm willing to hurt her and my siblings like that because that means there's a door I've gone past and it locked behind me, never to be open again.

Tl;dr: another whiney rich white girl is sad for stupid reasons, moving on