I feel so numb the only thing I think about is suicide. I see no future where I am happyLike the title says I just want to not feel empty. Nothing is making me happy at all. Not a single video game or anything, working out doesn't help. Nothing I feel nothing and I don't want to live a life like that and it's making me even more depressed just thinking about the future.

I have no hopes, dreams or ambitions, nothing. I'm starting to not even give a shit if I die tomorrow, in fact, I think I'd be better off.  I don't have friends or a girlfriend  have no desire for anything  like that. I prefer being alone but sometimes loneliness gets to me and it makes me even more depressed. 

Most of the time I just lay in bed and stare at the wall barely having energy to get out of the bed while every 30 minutes(I don't know how long I lose track of time) anxiety would take over and I would quickly raise my head and start panicking "Is this really gonna be my life until I die" but then I would slowly put my head back on the bed and go back to doing nothing and just being lifeless. 

I don't want money, games, new console, car or anything. I just feel so empty and this is not a life I want to live in. I don't want to work 50h + a week doing a thing I hate just so I can come home and feel nothing while nobody gives a shit about me.  Fuck money. And I get why people suffer through boring jobs or whatever. Maybe they have a hobby they love, family to take care of or a loved one but I don't have that and will never have that.

My parents expect me to go to a college for IT but I don't want that. I hate that. I would rather die literally then stare in front of a code for 10h a day. All my classmates love PCs and programming and while I know a thing or two about it I hate it but I'm glad to see them full of passion and life . 

I just wish I had something that made me happy. I wish I wanted something so I can start working towards that and do something with my life and not live my life by how others tell me. My social anxiety isn't helping either but I just stopped caring about anything long time ago.

And you know what is a scariest thing. I'm AFRAID I will Never find that thing or a job  or anything that will make me happy and I will stay like this until I die(by suicide).

I feel so trapped. I just want to sleep but I never asked for this and to think this is all there is to life. How can I find something that makes me happy or just something I want to work towards in the future. And please please don't say it will get better. I just want someone to relate to me or give some advice not just say it will get better without helping.  I can't get therapy either because I live in poor Eastern European country so yeah.

Please some advice I don't want to feel nothing anymore.