I’m a failure and everyone around me knows itI can’t seem to do absolutely anything right. I can’t even put a god damn fake smile on sometimes. I have almost zero friends and I speak to one person everyday (which, don’t get me wrong, I absolutely love because I love him with my entire heart, but it’s hard because he is basically my coping mechanism sometimes and when he’s gone I just get really depressed because I don’t know how to escape my thoughts). On top of my self-proclaimed depression (never been diagnosed, even though I’ve been struggling with stuff like this for about two years, maybe three) I have also possibly got an eating disorder, that I absolutely cannot deal with correctly. I acknowledge it, but my subconscious self just sees it as a way smaller problem than the ideology of being skinnier. I would *never* wish this upon anybody, but I thoroughly believe that I deserve to be punished, especially after eating, since that’s when I feel like the biggest failure. I don’t know how I can be possibly helped with the ED problem if I don’t end up in a hospital. And sometimes I wish I would. I wish I would punish myself so much to the degree where I would be admitted to a hospital, no matter how scared I am of them. And it’s simply because then I don’t really have a choice but to improve for other people. I have told only one person that knows me about this, and he is the closest person to me ever. And yet I can’t tell him about all the plans I’ve been making. About all the stuff I have been looking up and about all the times I have looked myself in the mirror and wanted to cut myself. I can’t tell him that. Even though I am trying for him, I don’t think I can do it any longer. It’s such a slow way of killing yourself, but it seems so good. It seems like it would make me happy for a while. Being skinnier. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not currently unhealthy when it comes to weight, I just despise the way I look. I have a weight goal and I really hope I stop at it. I keep hurting so many people and I think that even the two people I speak to (one only texting) hate me. Why wouldn’t they? I don’t have good qualities. I portray myself as the person I want to be, not the person I am, not the annoying, needy, constantly depressing self I truly am. Not the person that constantly annoys everyone around them, not the one that makes everyone around them depressed because of how they act and talk. Not the burden I am to everyone. Not the stupid girl that cannot do absolutely anything correctly. Not the less loved child. Not the absolute degrading degenerate human being. But I should. Because I am all that. And thats why I don’t think I deserve to have anything good. I’m not a good person. I want to be one but I can’t do a single thing right. I’m sorry if anyone I love sees this one day. I’m sorry I’m the way I am.