My life is out of control after being caught cheating in college and keeping it a shameful secretSo basically post-high school I have made some very poor choices which has led me to become secretive and full of regret and shame, and I don't know what to do and I'm scared.

Back in late 2017, I got caught using unauthorized notes in an exam. I was so embarrassed and admitted it quickly afterwards. It was not the first time I had been suspected, and it wasn't long before I admitted to that incident also, so now twice the uni knows of. The true number is four times. I am banned from enrolling in any university in Australia until the end of 2022, and all my units I previously passed have been nullified. I had effectively flushed a grand total of $15,000 down the toilet.

I feel like I am in a virtual jail. In 2018-19, I have done my best to try to turn things around, and I studied, independently, the material that would have been covered throughout my uni course to the best of my knowledge. I have somehow managed to keep everything a dark secret from my family and friends, and I just don't know how long my luck will continue. I didn't tell anyone anything, and pretended I was still going to uni.

When thoughts about what would happen when I did not graduate entered my mind, all my lies would be exposed, my mind was dark. Back in January this year, I decided I would enjoy 3 more months on Earth and then kill myself. I was expected to graduate at a ceremony in April, but due to the covid-19, all the graduation ceremonies got cancelled. I bought a fake certificate and transcript on the black market, and to this day, everyone believes I completed my course. I burst into tears when I am alone sometimes, and my parents hanged my certificate on the wall in my bedroom, and I cry whenever I look at it.

I will be clear, despite my terrible dishonesty, I do have boundaries, and I do not intend to mislead a potential employer. Even through these depressing few years, I have tried my best to further educate myself independently. I truly believe I could do most of the graduate jobs if an employer was willing to give me a chance. The problem is I haven't been able to even get an interview. I have submitted CVs to a few different companies, and the lack of a formal degree, and not much to show for 2018-19 is a big problem. I also don't know how should I explain my "decision" to study on my own rather than a university where I have something to show for it. I put "decision" in quotes because the truth is obviously I was not allowed to enrol, but I won't say that to an employer.

I feel like I'm at an impasse. I have (or believed by family/friends to possess) a very marketable degree and if I don't get a job in a few months people will start to wonder why. I did also apply for jobs that don't require tertiary studies, but my family are not idiots, if they ever came to visit me at work they would know the job is a low standard, as most of them are traineeships, where having a uni degree is considered over-qualified.