Ive made roo many mistakesm. Too much is happening at the same time. Will probably delete this laterIt all started a couple of years ago. My then gf and I were not having a good time and we decided to try to sort things out. I was extremely immature back then and after a night of drinking heavily my ex's best friend and I got talking and before leaving she kissed/hugged me. Another person who was also around during the evening began talking to me about my ex and why we shouldn't be together in the first place. I'm in no way condoning my own part in this but I just need to tell this to someone. So that person and I got to talking and sometime during the night we made out a couple of times voluntarily. 
The next day my ex's best friend tells me we need to talk and she says that all of this shouldn't have happened and that it was time to tell my ex what happened. So I did the talking, I told my ex what happened and she agreed that I messed up but also said we could work it out. I told her about both her best friend and the other friend as well. I also apologised to that other friend, I said it shouldn't have happened and that I was really sorry that it did happen. 
Later during the week both of these people confronted my ex saying that I was being forcible with them, which really isnt the truth but it was my word against theirs. I also made the juvenile mistake of trying to rectify things with my ex using an anonymous app. That backfired terribly. 
Soon after that I had a bad back injury and was forced to take a year off to recover. 
I must share that i am in general an excitable person I share everything with everyone quite enthusiastically because I've always thought people would get interested with things. 
When I rejoined classes I didn't make new friends because by then word spread around about that incident. I kept largely to myself. 
I made a few new friends but I could no longer do a group interaction because it makes me jumpy. When I talk to people, i usually said we should hang out, let's go see a movie, lets hang out at the mall etc etc.
I joined reddit last year and it was absolutely exciting. There's so much out here and I was excitable about sharing things I saw, learnt and read here as well with peoole I was talking to. 
My mother wasn't keeping too well and had to have a dnc. This is the first time my mum had been sick since I was small and it really bothered me. I drank and my panic about my mum came out. I called a friend and she told me she would come and check on me. She came, talked to me and I fell asleep. 
Next week I went out to a party with some friends and after a couple of drinks I started getting panicky again because that day my ex came over from the other side of a room to ask me how I was doing and how I was enjoying life. I've always gone out of my way to avoid her including leaving from the back of the building if she was toward the front. So this really really threw me off. I called that same friend who came to check on me the previous time to explain this to her. But I didnt notice that it was about 2 am. I genuinely thought it wasn't later than 1130/1200 
And she got upset with me told me to get a hold of myself and sort myself out. And in retrospect I do agree. I havent spoken to her since that day about 3 weeks ago.
Then only recently I found out that two other people were upset by me asking to hang out. With at least one person I know have sent her a couple of things from reddit that were nsfw but were visually aesthetic but I didn't just randomly send it to her. I explained that they were nsfw andi really thought they were aesthetic. They didn't want to escalate the complaint but just wanted my supervisor to be aware of it. They also told another supervisor about it because I didn't really interact outside occassional texting and sometimes saying hello when I met them. They wanted me to get some help instead. I got warned by my supervisor, told that I do need to start seeing a therapist and that he would also talk to the other supervisor. 
I really don't know what to do, I'm not exactly suicidal but I am feeling very very low. I'm not a bad person. I really am not. I'm not violent. I really want to rectify things as well. I've taken the day off because I also have the flu but I'm feeling so low. Another colleague who found out about my ex started spreading rumours with the other colleagues that I work with and i didnt know what to do about that then because this guy is someone that everyone enjoys talking to and interacting with even though behind his back they talk about him. I know I've written a lot but I'm really at my lowest I've ever been.