21M I'm lost at the momentI've been suicidal for a while but I never had the balls of committing until the past few months. Starting in October, I stopped showing up for my shit job who screws its workers over, stopped going to my university classes, and stopped answering texts, calls, and any DM's. I decided to take a trip to Denver, Colorado for some legal weed and edibles, thinking that it'll clear my mind and get rid of my life problems . It's a 20hr drive and I made it to about 12 hours in and slept overnight at a truck stop. I woke up and realized I was wasting my time, so I headed back home. I recorded a suicide video, minimally edited it, and transfered it to a USB thumb drive. After I did all thay I downed as many benadryl pills as I could. I chilled for a bit and watched some YouTube while they all dissolved. Unfortunately I ate a "last meal" beforehand and my stomach reacted causing me to puke. A lot. In a weird state of feeling I cleaned up everything then dozed off. Waking up to having a hard time breathing. The large amount of benadryl affected my eyes so it seemed like I had to press my phone and monitor up to my face to read anything without it being blury. The side effects lasted longer than I expected. Eventually I composed myself and cleaned up everything completely, including myself. A day or two later my mom stopped by my house with the spare key and beat on my bedroom door saying if I didn't answer that she'd call the cops since no one has head from me for a while. About an hour after she left I used the excuse of stress for my absence and wearing my headset while sleeping for not hearing her. Eventually my best friend demanded to hang out and figure out why I wasn't responding to him. Again I used excuses. But here I am, lying to my family thay I'm finishing finals in uni and finding another job. My funds are slowly dwindling and Idk what my next steps are. If I attempt suicide again I'll definitely crush them and mix them with a smoothie or something. I'm sorry for the long post but I've been lurking this sub with my main account for a while. It anyone wants to know more I'll tell as much as I can in the comments without doxing myself.