I am completely apathetic and can't feel anything.. I see no fricking point in continuing on living.It has gotten extremely hard to deal with. Each day that passes i feel worse. I have been going to a therapist and have been on meds for a few months. They say that the meds should kick in and start working for me but I need to be patient. I have tried three and feel like it will never work. 
I honestly have no interest in the world at all whatsover. I don't even know how to explain this. I literally want nothing to do with it and do not want to take a part in life. I have nothing that I want to do or go out and accomplish. Every ounce of motivation that I may have somehow mustered up at one point is vanquished by the darkness. I feel nothing. I don't know if I want to die necessarily but I know that if the choice was put in front of me to continue living or to cease to exist entirely.... I would go with no existence. 
It sounds terrible because it is terrible. I know that there are many others who feel the way that I do and that are in very deep depressions. I just feel like I am completely disconnected from everything and that I shouldn't even bother seeking help because in the long run it won't help me. Despite the fact that I am able to get some things off my chest when I talk to a therapist, I have reaped no other benefits from going and doing so. 
I guess... I am writing this today because I truly am a lost person. I don't function like a normal person should and everything that I do seems slow and tedious. I have no energy to do anything and my apathy is intense. I feel nothing at all. When I fight with someone.... I feel nothing... When I see a sad movie... the tears stream but it's like I am completely dissociated from those tears. Like it's not me crying them.... When my nephew was born I didn't feel the happiness that everyone around me felt. I can let out laughs and chuckles....but behind that temporary humor I get so satisfaction from anything. My friendships are dwindling and they are very few to begin with. 
I feel hopelessly miserable everyday of my life and there is no way to explain this feeling to anyone unless they have experienced it. 
I'm not sure what to do anymore or why I wrote this... I just needed to vent I guess. It never truly helps to vent though....nothing does...

I just want to FEEL something. I REALLY wish that I could be excited about things like everybody else seem sto be but here I am... locking myself inside of my bedroom and hiding away from the world. I can't face the world. I see the beauty of the world even though it's cruel but I cannot for the life of me make myself want to be a part of it. It is truly terrifying. 

I just know that this isn't living. I already feel like I have been dead for a long time. So why would it matter if I was gone? I don't know why I feel the way that I do or why my depression is so great?????? I just don't know. 