I am sick and tired of all this waiting and all these let downs. I honestly, honestly thought my life was about to get better.I'm so stupid for thinking my life was going to get better. I even know I'm stupid while I'm thinking it but there was nothing I could do. How do you stop yourself from thinking you can be happy? I was in one of the best moods I've had for a long time and it was all because I could be there for someone. I love this person more than anything, but she can't feel the same way about me. I've been through so many horrible things involving her but through it all I still came out loving her. Because she's special, because she's the only thing that can bring me happiness in my life. But even after all I did yesterday just to be there for her, just to make her smile when she needed it most she chooses ONCE AGAIN to ignore me. She doesn't even realize how much shit I put up with just to be there for her. Make life is hell, but I put up with it all just so I could be there. After every single time she needed someone to talk to, after every single time she had no where else to turn, after every single time she called me the only one who cares, the only one REALLY cares for her. And it's true, I really AM the only one who does. She's choosing to go back into this shitty fucking bout of never ending depression and at the same time is pushing me away. Well guess what? She WON'T be having me this time. I am totally prepared to just throw my life away. She doesn't want it. Nobody wants it. I don't want it. I really, really don't reddit. I really don't want my life anymore. It's been an absolute roller coaster of ups and downs and it's tearing me apart. 

I should explain what happened yesterday... Yesterday I went over at the earliest I could push myself to come spend the entire day with this girl (who was depressed) to comfort her. To do this I had to get myself in a SHIT TON of trouble. You have no fucking clue; I'm probably kicked out of my classes, and soon to be kicked out of home. I threw what could be my entire life away to cheer her up because she really means that much else to me. WHO ELSE would EVER do that for her? NOBODY. She has this guy, who is ready to throw his life away (and is doing so) for her but oh well what do I matter to her? Obviously not enough. So I go to comfort her, and the entire day during school hours we watch ponies, cuddle and just talk. There was a brief period where we did it, but it was meaningless for her. I honestly thought that day was a victory for me, where she would realize her shit boyfriend is shit (he dumped her, lied to her, abused her feelings and trust, insulted/degraded her, etc) YET SHE STILL goes back. STILL. But she didn't go back to him yesterday, no. We we're going to sleep at my house, we had it all set up. Before we did she went to go talk to him, but he's such a jerk she's only there for 30m. That's when shit hits the fan, I go to pick her up from the bus station and she's not there. I use the payphone to call her, she sounds worried as fuck as she tells me she's in trouble and tells me she'll skype me later. You have no idea how much I panicked as she said that. I didn't wait fora bus I RAN home. It's winter in Canada. I ran through the snow and ice just to get home; I didn't stop once no matter how much I needed to. Anyway shit hits the fan and she never got to sleep over. She got out of trouble but I never really get to talk to her until 2pm today. She's at this douchebag bfs house. I feel so fucking horrible. This asshole made her feel so fucking horrible. She'll never understand just how much I love her. Never. Ever evrerf erv reverv.. 

That story is a rant, but it's what has fucking happened. She is ignoring me again. The one person in the world. I've been in love with her for many months now; I've committed suicide before over her so I'm not afraid of doing it again. This time I can do it though. I have nearly 210 mg of imovane (sleep pills). This and alcohol will get the job done sure enough. The only thing that makes me happy has been taken out of my life over and over and over. I want this. I want to die. Well no, I DON'T WANT to die. If anything I want to live so I can be with her. But that can't happen so this is the only way to end the pain. People don't want to die unless they hurt, I know that much. And I hurt a whole fucking lot. And don't think I've just been WAITING for my life to change. I'm been active at trying to change it, and guess what? Nothing. NOTHING. I'm sick of being thrown under the rug. I'm sick of being overly emotional, i'm sick of being hurt and ignored. Imagine being in need of a hug, but you'll only take it from one person and that person won't hug you. As much as you hug her it doesn't count as her hugging you. As much as you try to show her how deeply in love with her you are she overlooks you for someone who has hurt her. I've done everything in my power to stand out to her, and nothing. I'm not "friendzoned" because I've been in a relationshipwith her before, but I might as well be. I don't know how to fix this situation anymore. Nothing has worked. I gave it my ALL yesterday, that's all I had left. So I'm going to take these pills and I'm going to die. My only wish is that at least one person in the world cares enough to read the 5250 symbols that came before this point. Goodbye.

TL;DR either she or I am a selfish jerk but it doesn't matter anymore; and yes i took the pills
