I just want to talk and confess about thingsI'm 24 years old senior dental student. I don't want to sound pity, but I've never been more tired in my life. I don't feel well all the time and have some thoughts frequently. I never had enough time to think about anything and enjoy something and unfortunately I don't enjoy anything no more. I started to suffer from insomnia that I only sleep for 1 or 2 hours a day, and lost my appetite on food. I admit that I'm not that good as a dentist, I tried my absolute best, but I couldn't master it. I have the knowledge and I spend my whole days reading dental books, but I don't have the hand skills even after countless hours of practicing on phantom heads there wasn't an improvement, I find myself more suitable in critical thinking, knowledge and research and improving dentistry or any other profession instead of working with patients directly that requires precise hand skills that not everyone have. I don't remember seeing a patient leaving my clinic happily after the appointment even I feel my instructors hates me and don't see any future for me. I tried my absolute best. I didn't mean to hurt anyone if I did. I did my best trying to improve their lives, if someone reading this thinking that all I care about is good grades, I don't care about it and I don't give a damn about it. I just want to quit and change my profession, but I have no other choice. my family insists to continue my profession, but I tried my best but I couldn't master it practically. and sadly, I'm broke, and can't apply to a different college. I'm confined within this profession. I lived my whole life reading and reading and reading and living alone in a room and ending up like this. I never knew this would happen, and I started to have thoughts in quiting life. I'm not suicidal, and I never planned and never will, but I just want to die normally as soon as possible. I feel so distant from everyone that I started to lose my normal way of thinking. I lived most of my life alone and don't have friends anymore, and even never been in a relationship because of my traditional and religious beliefs. I lived my whole life a mute because I literally don't have anything to say in my mind which made away from everyone. I swear to god I love all of you and never meant to hurt anyone in my life. I don't want to hurt anyone anymore. I was blamed on so many things that I never meant to do and tried my best to avoid it and got blamed on things that I haven't done. I just want to run away from my current position to an appropriate position for my skills, but I know that I'll end up in a bigger hole instead of reaching my destination.

I'm tired and don't see any future for me.