Talked to this girl againHi everybody. (btw, non-native speaker, I feel like I always have to say this)

So, years ago I had a lot of contact with this girl, she got me into drawing, which is still a big hobby of mine, so needless to say, I care a lot for her. It's an internet friendship, although we had long phonecalls over the nights. 

Eventually the contact kinda died down, as per usual with most internet friendships over a long distance that is extremely hard to bypass by young adults. 

But recently we got to chatting again and today I found out she has suicide plans. She says she doesn't feel unterstood or supported by her family. It seems to have started due to a conflict between her and one of her sisters. 

Her plan was to go out somewhere and take pills coupled with alcohol and if that doesn't seem to be enough, slit her wrists. 

So since I heard of this today, not a lot of time had gone by when I asked her when she planned to do it. Her answer was "today" and "it's too late". I immediately blanked out and wrote one of her sisters via facebook by looking through her profile. It happened to be the one she had the conflict with. I just wanted to change something, save her somehow.

Shortly after she told me she is alright though, and that she didn't do anything. I obviously felt relieved, but I already contacted her sister to try and save her.

After a short emergency conversation her sister told me I don't know her and she's a psycho and belongs in a mental hospital. I tried to politely ask her to have a look out, even if she "just wants the attention" there might be a little bit of truth behind all this and looking out for each other never hurts. But I do think that her sister actually cares for her, after all she gave me her number right away because I told her I worry for her sister. 

Big big big big fuck up on my part was to not call her sister right away, because I didn't recognize area code and to me it looked like a fake number which would've fit in to the whole: her sister being a dick-kind of thing. 

So at the moment I think her mother is speaking with her and I don't really know what to do.

Her immediate reaction when her sister called her was to tell me that I've only made things worse and that she hates me for what I've done. But I really truly believe that I can not ignore such a thing. 

At the moment I just feel down and guilty. I really want to help her, but I can't really judge if her family really is so insane. I just hope she will be allright.

Do you guys think I've done something wrong? This is not my first contact with a suicidal person, but definitely the most "emergency" situation. I feel like I did the right thing in the situation, but I honestly can't tell if I've made things worse and it drives me insane. Has anybody been in a smiliar situation?

Much Love