I'm spentTL;DR: I have a hard life - better than many, worse than other - and it doesn't seem to get better. I'm out of hope and am really close to giving up.

To me, my life has always been shit. 

My dad ditched the family when I was five. My mom dated a string of abusive boyfriends - one of them analy and orally raped me when I was 8, then threatened to have his friends rape and murder my entire family while I watched if I told anyone - then she quickly graduated from alcoholism to meth addiction. We were evicted from almost every place we lived in, then my brother and I were taken in by a family we knew from church for about a year until they gave up on us because my mom, who at this point had ditched us to live in Vegas with her methead boyfriend, refused to sign over custody of us to them.

Despite all this, I grew up with hope that somehow I could make my life better. I did terrible in school with a gpa of maybe 1.2 because I missed so many days, never did my homework, and just fucking hated life because I was always hungry, didn't fit in with anyone, and was told all my life how ugly and fat I was because everyone else in my family was rail thin and short while I was tall and built like a linebacker. 

After highschool, I joined the military because it was the only way I could see getting out of poverty. My recruiter was the first person to pretend to believe in me and broke regulation to pay for my adult education classes so I could actually get a high school diploma to join (it was 1999 at the time). 

I actually enjoyed the military and did well. It's wild what 3 meals a day and some actual structure will do for your life. I graduated in the top 10% and went to my first duty assignment overseas. We were at peace then, and things were going really well. I started taking college courses and met the love of my life during carnevale. Then 9/11 happened. 

I deployed first to Iraq in 2003 and saw a lot of shit. I was in a near ambush which wounded many of my pals and killed my best friend at the time. He was driving a humvee, and an RPG struck the dashboard a few inches from the steering wheel. We blew through the killzone across a bridge then turned around to return fire as my 240 was on a mounted stove pipe and severely limited field of fire. When we got back to the rear truck I remember my sergeant calling out his name and then pushing him back from the twisted wheel. His jaw hung free and his tongue looked like a tattered shoelace as his blood poured on the asphalt like water on dry concrete. We never got the guys who did it, and then returned to our FOB where we cleaned out the truck and burned the seats. The whole area smelled of burning JP8 and seared blood. It was fucking nauseating. On top of this, we were hit almost every night with mortars, very few of which got close. I still hear them sometimes when I start to drift off to sleep.

Still, I thought I could do better with my life. I was a specialist at the time and getting close to promotion. I reenlisted to get to a duty station closer to my GF in the states and to get the fuck out of Iraq as quick as I could. I went to Bragg. 

It wasn't bad, at first. I got to see my GF almost every weekend, which was much better than every three months or more when I was overseas. I really thought it was a story book romance, Notebook and shit, and we were doing okay. After three years together, I proposed and she accepted. 

We had to change the date because we got called in to support elections in Afghanistan. We married before I deployed, and it was great. We moved in together in a small town outside Fayetteville and it was really nice. I left, and she started nursing school.

While deployed, I was terrified that I my luck was running out and I wouldn't get back. I was more cautious than I had been in Iraq, especially since I had become a squad leader. In Iraq, I really had just worried about doing only my job right and making sure that I did it well enough with the hopes that everyone else would do there part to make sure we all got back, but now I was worried about making sure all these other shitbirds did their job right and ensure that I brought them all home as well as myself so I could return to my wife.

On one mission, we had intel that there was a high value target we needed to get in this village on top of a hill. When we landed, the shithooks started firing to clear the HLZ and we all dismounted like it was some shit out of We Were Soldiers Once and Young, but it was nothing like that. It was actually really quite. My squad was attached to another company to pull security for their mortars team. I didn't have an ASIP radio because reasons. ICOMS were compromised, so we were prohibited from using those. Point is, I was out there relying on the mortars sergeant to give me the info I needed to know. He didn't.

We had close air support via Blackhawk which circled around the village counter clockwise. The company entered the village from the 6 to 12. Meanwhile, this kid and his sheep were moving toward the village 9 to 3. The Blackhawk swings around and drops a flare about 500 meters away. The mortars sergeant shouts to me that he's marking a target. So I get in a good position and observe. The kid keeps moving closer to where the flare had been dropped and I start thinking to myself that the Blackhawk can't engage because the kid is too close on one side, our soldiers are too close on the other, and this fucking target is in between a draw of a large cliff face and this hilltop where the village is. A few moments later the Blackhawk drops a flare almost 300 meters away, and the mortars sergeant tells me to shoot him. I confirm, and he repeats the command. I'm thinking he and the helicopter are on fires net, so yeah he would know what's up. Even so, I wait to make sure. I'm looking through my ACOG, and through the smoke I see green glint tape wrapped around a triangle shape at the guy's hip. I've seen this stuff before in Afghanistan. I found them on the buttstocks of many AK's to show which group these people belong to. I steady my breath and slowly pull the trigger, then he drops. If there's one thing I was best at while serving, it was shooting. I used to put dimes in targets, then put holes in them and put them on my dog tag chain so my guys would listen to me when I trained them how to shoot. I wish I wasn't as good. 

I called out, he's down, and the sergeant was floored. He started saying, I said search him. I took my guys and we charged the target to find an old man bleeding out beside a fucking bicycle. His busted seat was taped up with glint tape. I got him center right of his pelvis, and got his artery. I tired to stop it, but there was nothing I could do. He kept whispering allah until he got slower and slower and stopped. His blood soaked my gloves, sleeves and pants. 

The OIC was pissed, a fucking butter bar right out of college. He found out where this guy was from, then had me push his bike to the next village over so I could tell his family through our interpreter that their father, grandfather, uncle, husband was dead. When we got back to post, there was an investigation and they threw me under the bus. I'm not saying I didn't deserve it, and I live with that shame today, but it was harsh. They took my gun and squad from me and ran missions without me. The mortars sergeant had his whole team with him who confirmed he said search, while I just had myself and one of my privates with me who heard him say otherwise. As I was an attachment to their company, none of their people stood up for me. My PSG wasn't there, and my LT was a recent transfer and buddy buddy with the LT who made me push the bike, so he was down with their decisions. The only thing that saved me from doing prison time was the fact that our company was attached to the unit I served in before. They reached out to my old company and decided that I wasn't a trigger happy sociopath. Honestly, though, if I hadn't been recently married, traumatized by my service in Iraq, and responsible for all these other soldiers, I probably would have hesitated a moment longer for the smoke to clear. Truth is, I was fucking scared when I pulled that trigger. I got off with a wrist slap. After that, I just rode out my enlistment and got out. 

The years after my seperation weren't so great. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life. My wife urged me to got to community college, so I did. She graduated from nursing school and started nursing while I collected service-related disability checks and my college funds. We weren't wealthy by any means, but we were getting by. A year out of service, she wanted to start a family. I wasn't sure I was ready, but she was. So we had our first when I graduated CC. I transferred to a state college with the hopes of teaching. I did well in both CC and College, and my wife wanted to have a second kid. I was doing pretty well as a father and a student, and I really love babies, so I was all for it.

About 6 months in to her pregnancy, my brother committed suicide out of nowhere it seemed. He was my best friend, and we stayed in touch even though we were on opposite sides of the country. I was shocked. He left no note. I spiralled into depression and eventually ended up hospitalized for suicidal ideation.

It was a nightmare.

I got out, graduated top of my class and started teaching as an adjunct at community colleges while planning on getting my masters to qualify for a full-time position. My wife and I had become very distant at this point, which she attributes entirely to my PTSD and Depression, and will never admit that her job - which pays below the national a average for her position - was harming our relationship. I asked her, begged her to look into finding somewhere else that wasn't a non-profit and paid her so little with such crappy benefits, but she wouldn't have it. Instead, she decided that it was time for a third baby. 

I didn't want more than two, but she the only affection she showed me was when she wanted to get pregnant. Me being so starving for attention, capitulated. Our third was born just before the holidays, and she finally had Thanksgiving and Christmas off. Shortly after our third was born, our house burned down while we were away. I don't know what caused it, something in our storage closet under the stairs, but we lost everything. At the same time, I got a full ride to graduate school, then moved out of state. It was awful, but I tried to look at it as a sign that it was a fresh start.

It wasn't. Things only got worse. I got to grad school and was much older than my cohorts. I had three kids, a wife who worked all the time, continued to deal with my PTSD and Depression, then had to focus on my school work only when the kids were asleep. I had been so used to only getting 3 - 4 hours of sleep a night, it didn't really seem like such a big deal to me at the time, but I was falling apart. I had no friends and I had fallen out of contact with everyone I served with. Honestly, I really didn't want to talk with them because everytime I did, they would just rehash shit I didn't want to talk about anyway.

I graduated and we moved back south, closer to her where she worked before. I thought this was a great idea because she wouldn't be so tired all the time with a long commute and would start making time for us. She didn't. Instead, she started taking on more and more shifts, even though she wasn't required to do so. We lived in a 3 bedroom apartment, barely getting by. I had to give up looking for teaching jobs at the CC level because they simply didn't exist. I got secretary work at a local university because the pay was okay and the benefits and hours were good, but I fucking hated it with every fiber of my being. I did this for us, but she didn't care. She just wanted a 4th. Starved of attention, I gave in and agreed.

We still were struggling, so after a couple of years I got a better paying job doing the same bullshit. She was still tired all the time, and I was doing everything I could so she could rest. All of my time was dedicated to work, therapy, going to the gym so I could stay in shape for her hoping that she would be more attracted to me - the gym also had free childcare, so she got a break from the kids too - and then when I got back from the gym, she'd be hiding in the bedroom while I did dinners and bedtime with the kids. Nights would run long with 4 kids always up at some point or another, and I was always her catcher in the rye to keep them from disturbing her much needed rest. I was operating on maybe about 2 - 3 hours of sleep a day at this point, and just losing it.

She decided that she needed time away from work, and the best way to do this was to have a 5th baby. We had only been having sex maybe twice a year at this point, and I no longer slept in her room. When I did, she'd kick me out for snoring or twitching, but I think she just got so used to having a bed to herself, she no longer wanted anyone in it. Obviously, I agreed because I was so desperate at this point for some kind of validation that I couldn't say no to another child.

I was already drowning at this point with responsibilities, so when the 5th was born I was a zombie. A year after our 5th, I broke down to her telling her how unloved and isolated I felt. Her response was that it was time I go back to the hospital. What I needed was for her to get a different job or just spend more time with me, but she wouldn't hear it. It was all my PTSD. It was all my Depression. So I agreed and went.

The first time I was hospitalized, I didn't have insurance. I spent 3 days there and then was out. This time, I had good insurance and even though I had no suicide ideation, I stayed their 14 days, and it was terrible. It was so bad that when a schizophrenic had an episode at dinner, the med techs ran out of the dining room, locking us in with him. He was fucking violent, throwing chairs and shit, and I had to fucking take him down. I was so fucking furious and further traumatized by my treatment there. Moreover, they used that event against me to hold me there several more days.

Three weeks ago, my wife told me that we were too broken to be fixed and wanted a to seperate. I was floored. I didn't see it coming at all. I had sacrificed so much for this relationship. I had gone through so much shit. She ignored my needs for so long, and all this time I over extended myself for her.

I started paying more attention to her habits with her phone. She never left it unguarded, and then when she did, she had changed her password. I suspected her of having an affair, and confronted her about it. She said she wasn't having an affair, so I asked for her phone. She gave it to me, as well as the new pin, so I went and recovered all the deleted data from it. She thought she was so clever deleting all of her messages she didn't want me to find, but I found them anyway.

Not only was she having an affair, she was talking so much shit about me to her closest non-mutual friends for over three years. I was destroyed. In her messages, she showed so much sympathy for people who had similar mental health issues as myself, but when it came to me, she just said I was being a jackass or lazy. There were so many messages about how I had time off coming up, so she would be happy to take someone else's shift so they could spend time with their family's etc while I watched our kids. 

She would brag about how she had few home visits to do, so she would just go to a coffee shop and read and flirt. She complained about how she should have listened to her mother and married rich, then always sign off with 'make good decisions' as if our life together all these years had been a joke.

She went to work that day, and I attempted suicide. I put a taped a thick plastic bag over my head after taking a handful of seroquel and went to sleep at 3 am. Before I did so, I stupidly sent her an email, telling her that this was my decision and I couldn't live with my pain anymore while reassuring her that it wasn't her fault. I fell asleep, then woke up at 6 am with the police at my door. In my sleep, I had torn the bag off. She called me, telling me to answer the door, and I didn't want to. I was talking as if I had had a stroke, and if I had the foresight to bing my hands behind my back, I wouldn't be alive today. They took me to the ER and made me sign paperwork to have me admitted to another inpatient facility. I was so out of it, I had no idea what I was signing.

I spent a week there, doing everything they expected and making no complaints. 

After I was released, I stayed with a sibling while I waited for my lease at a new apartment would start. 

I've been here about a week now and haven't return to work next Monday. Since I wasn't working, my wife asked me to have the kids stay with me. I agreed. I love my children, and I missed them. I regretted deeply what I had done, but this whole week all I can think about is how she has had all this free time to fuck around and laugh at me. She still looks great, is smart, funny, and as we all know, dudes will stick their dicks in anything that gives them attention. It makes me sick to think about. 

She gets the kids back tonight, and I am by myself. I've locked myself in my room while they watch Netflix and the oldest gets them snacks. I know they love me very much, but I can't stand to be around them right now. I see them and all I think is how my wife used them as a way to make sure I stay around so I could support her while she did a job she loves for so little compensation while also getting dick from some side guy. 

Now she's in grad school and graduating soon and will be making as much as both of our salaries combined. I've really reached the top of my earnings in life and won't get much further. I live in a shitty 2 br apartment with 5 kids visiting several days a week. They are enjoying their time now, but when they become teenagers, they're not going to want to share a room with each other. It's really just a matter of time before they start despising me too and stop coming. 

I don't know why I'm even still going at this point. It's almost as if everyone would be much better off if I just got a large life insurance policy and somehow induce a heart attack. I have so little to cling to and no more hope. I don't see myself with any better job prospects while being able to support my children because any teaching job I get now would be a severe salary cut. I don't see anyone finding me attractive enough to be with, and if someone somehow found me attractive, would they really want to be with a dude who already has 5 kids?

I'm on fumes here, have no one I trust to talk to because I am so very afraid of being treated like a criminal again and thrown in cuffs and taken to a useless facility which does nothing but make me worse.

On the scale of things, I just see my life as a pile of shit that just keeps stacking up higher and higher. I no longer believe that it gets better because I can't see any way forward. At this point, I just need to vent, I think, and then move forward.

Thank you.