It should have been me. Years ago. It never got better, and only got much worseTo say that it's been a life is a gross understatement. At 39 I've had a life that most find unbelievable until others from the past come around and confirm. 

I have more scars than smiles and with moments of true and great happiness, have come long unforgettable periods of grinding back to being just "ok". Those who I consider close can go months without hearing from me and the family I cant choose haven't ever been there at all. If I had the bravery, I'd been able to off myself and it would be months before anyone would know. 

My mother would probably launch the first lawsuit to get at my life insurance. Despite not speaking to her for the past seven years, taking years to meet my kids and not visiting me when I died. But she deserves it, right? Even if it takes from kids. 


All that and I can say I've caused more harm and unhappiness than anything else in my existence. My poor kids have nothing to say about their father and their mothers I'm sure can say the same. 

My health has been a steady decline. Years of therapy, and tests I'm diagnosed CFS/Narcoleptic. As a heavy machine operator it put an end to that. Begging my work for a position that would work has proven fruitless. Trying to find other work has been a failure. I have a business diploma and a pile of certificates that do nothing either. 

I spent a life playing drums for various bands. Thirteen albums, numerous album contribution credits, and when my cognitive when to shit, my music was no longer something to turn to. Still isn't anything I can do. There's no place in a band for a drummer who gets lost in songs after a few minutes. 

Got married. For a time there, I couldn't have imagined to be happier. But when my health started to fall, and her debt was paid off I was told that I had two weeks to find a new place to live. Essentially I was fired. when I was told this I was still very much in love with her and despite being placed on disability I was working three under the table jobs to pay and was still told I wasn't making enough. I was told that she wanted to work it out and I found a place close to her. I haven't seen her or my former step son in months. My daughter's we very hurt by this and all I can think about is how I managed to fuck everyone up in that. 

Spent fifteen years from starting to current times working on a promotional company for live music. I've raised several thousand in charitable contributions, and helped launch a music community. On more than one occasion, I'd be speaking with those I call friends, only to find out that I've been mistaken for someone else. And when. My name has come up in conversation, and I've been asked when he's going to show up. 

I'm a lousy human being trying to be a good human. Through my teens into through most of my twenties. Some call it antifa, I was anti facist. Violently opposed to racists and homophobes. Always protesting and standing against the class separation and the breaking of the working class. Later in life, I carry horrible memories of what I've done to what I once considered horrible people. Some sights and sounds never go away. No matter how right you may think you are. 

This is my paraphrased thought process lacking the depression, anxiety, and disassociative disorder. It doesn't include the beatings of my dad, negligence and abuse of my mother. The absence of family altogether. Poor relationship choices, and being a poor relationship choice. Lost and long forgotten attempts at being a good person, but always asked to do more. 

The present day I watched some of the finer people take their own lives. Everyone, taking a piece of me with them. Leaving behind families and friends. Some had it hard, while others had it easy. While it is not for me to judge, I woke up this morning feeling that I deserve this. 

I've earned it.

There is no "it gets better" or "you just have to try harder". One can try as hard as they want, constantly saying that is gets better. Or that it can be worse. I've been worse, seen worse and if anyone dares ay that I need to try harder, hasn't eaten from a trash can for their elementary school lunch, or taken drugs to curb an appetite so they wouldn't eat anything, ensuring that there was good for their kids when they visit. 

I've done enough. I've had enough. I tried. At what time do I get to say that I'm ready to finally stop hurting. I don't lie. I've lived to be as accountable as I can be. I'm worth money dead. Enough to ensure my kids get college paid, and have a good life for both of them and their mothers. There is no regret in saying that dead I'll take better care of my kids than alive. 

Some say the truth hurts. Knowing what I do, the truth doesn't hurt. The truth is silent, and very comforting to me. And having the choice, I hope that one day, I won't have to wake up. At all.