Life s always been shitty for me, last month got shittier than ever and I feel soo tired about itI just feel like sharing everything with someone and the internet is my only option. Where do I start, I am 21, I didnt do anything with my life because I am waiting for immigration paperwork since I was 18. I still havent immigrated anywhere, only ideas like maybe next month they are done and finally you’ll be able to be here, still hasnt happened. My mom turned into a completely irational control freak, I mean she(and mostly my whole family since they are religious fanatics) have mostly traumatized me with this control, I never could make a choice in my life for ex. going to college because I always had to do ehat they wanted. When I tell my parents that I dont give a flying fuck about the immigration anymore and that I jut want to go work and build my life on my own where no one watches me 24/7 and tries to control my life she starts crying and emotionally backmails me constantly.. I have an exgf and we broke up a year ago but always been on good terms since we were getting along so well, she s the person I would give my life for in a blink of an eye and I just found out that she was profiting of me and I never meant anything to her.. I cant escape my family, I have no one left to talk about these things and it just feels like its such a great burden. I wont get into details of my health or financiary situations because they are 100% worse than the others(parents wont let me check the doc for what I believe I have is gastritis because they say its too expensive and I basically live in constant pain while eating as much as nothing, on top of liver, lung and mental problems). My life is fucked up in every single way you can think it so whats stuck in my mind right now is it even worth it ? Like lets say I get over it all and I get to live a normal life, even then it all seems plain pointless and boring to me, even now, I cant take my mind of anything because I have literally no hobbies other than redditing and playing some crapshit mobile game.. I feel like nothing has any sense or point and this life is just boring as fuck.. 