Things are getting worse. But I want to change.I've been depressed for a long time, I didn't want to admit it, but I was and still am. I'm failing my classes, I want to try and i always start but in the end I never have motivation to do anything, so I always end up putting it off and read or the such to try to stop thinking about anything for a while. I always thought maybe it's because I am not smart enough but sometimes I just stare at an open book or homework and stare at it for what seems hours. I've also always felt that no one really cares about me or would mind if i'm there or not..

I was used by someone I cared about who lied to me more than once, but I was naive enough to think the best of people. I had friends I met that distracted me from all this, so it wasn't apparent to me that I had anything, since I thought maybe it had gotten better. But recently I was stupid enough, more than once. So I ended up destroying my friendship with my best friend. I had a close circle of friends so now all my other friends probably think of me badly. I don't know, I haven't received any messages from anyone, the only one I had was one of disappointment and anger. I haven't spoken with anyone. So now I'm alone, maybe I feel better to be alone. It was all my fault too, so I can't ask for any forgiveness as this was not the first chance I was given.

Now, I'm alone, hurt by someone I cared so much about, I can't speak with any of my friends, I'm failing my college classes, I feel helpless. Sometimes I feel like crying, other times I feel like things will get better, but the dread always comes back. It feels like a damn roller coaster in my head, changing emotions in the second. I sometimes feel like ending everything. I promised I would not hurt myself to my friends, so I don't think I will. But I just wish I could make all this pain go away.

I decided I would take a step forward, I made an appointment with a therapist, hoping that maybe this will make me change. I'm terrified and wonder if I should even go. I don't know what I would say. It won't get my friends back, it won't make me do better at school. So maybe it's not worth going. But I need to try... I want to not be sad all the time anymore.

