Not suicidal, but also don't particularly want to live. And I'm pretty sure I had a heart attack yesterday.So I've struggled with thoughts of suicide since I was a kid, but I've strongly convinced myself that I don't want to kill myself, for a number of reasons.  But I’m having issues figuring out how to think about recent events.

I'm currently self-employed and uninsured.  The uninsured part is stupid, I know, but I don't think it makes *too* much of a difference here, given how I feel about this.

I was running an errand on my motorcycle yesterday, and I started feeling uncomfortable - in particular my chest was feeling tight and I started feeling weak.  I tried to ignore it at first, but pretty soon I felt like I had to stop and get water or I would pass out.  I pulled into a fast food place, ordered some fries and got a water.  After a few bites and several cups of water, I felt a bit better.  But a few minutes later I just wanted to lay down and / or vomit.

I went outside, walked to a nearby parking lot so that hopefully people wouldn’t see me, and laid down on the pavement.  I threw up a bit later.  And then my left arm went numb.  I kinda suspected what was going on at that point, but my phone told me that even if this wasn’t a heart attack, I needed to go to the hospital *right now*.

Heh, then I looked up how much a heart attack costs.  So I decided not to call 911, and figured that, while this is a super pathetic way and place to die, I’m ok with letting go here.

And...after an hour I felt ok.

Today I just felt tired.  I tried going for a walk, and my chest hurt again, and I had to head back home.

I’m pretty sure I survived a heart attack yesterday.

If I’m wrong, this is all relatively fine.  Still, obviously, the right thing to do is to go to a doctor and get checked out.  But I’m not doing that.

If my heart *isn’t* half-dead, that’s great.  But really, if it is, I’d rather just die than face the rest of my life in financial ruin.

So I guess I’m struggling to figure out how to think about all this, and what I should do.

It seems like there are a bunch of things I should do if I think I’m about to die, but even if I maybe almost died yesterday - even if I did have a heart attack - I could still also probably live for years.  I don’t want to scare people by talking about dying, but I also don’t want to be gone unexpectedly when I had the opportunity to say goodbye and make arrangements.

What do.