I'm 22 and I've Already Ruined My LifeI'm a pathetic excuse for a man. I'm a lazy, no-good, quitter. I dropped out of high school twice. I've held 15+ jobs since I turned 18 (so many I can't remember the exact number), and quit just about every one of them within a month, without any sort of notice. I'm a disgusting sloth. I can easily drink a whole two-liter bottle of soda in a couple of hours. Up until recently, I could eat an entire large pizza to myself. Lately however my appetite hasn't been as strong. I'm a freak of nature as well. I'm roughly 6'8". I absolutely hate being tall. There are no noticeable benefits. I'm still a virgin, in fact, I've never kissed or been in a relationship with another person in my entire life. I'm horrible with money, usually wasting my paychecks pot and food. I'm around $8,000 in debt and currently unemployed. I've gone through just about every major employer in my city so I'm having a hard time finding even an entry-level job. It doesn't help that I basically have no worthwhile experience, since I quit most jobs before I could even learn anything. I really don't know why I am the way that I am. I was abused physically and emotionally as a kid, by family and friends alike. My mom died when I was 13, and my dad spent most of his time at the local casino after that happened. Even still, that's not an excuse. Plenty of people who've lived through worse situations are doing better than me. If you ask my family and friends, it's because I'm lazy and I just don't want to work or I don't want to apply myself. That's probably the most logical reason, but nothing about what I do is logical. I constantly get anxious over absolutely nothing. I mean, I get anxious over the most insignificant social situations, over what I'm going to eat for the day, over my inability to fall asleep consistently, over my complete lack of personality, over my lack of skills, over my lack of an attention span. I can just be sitting in my room and all the sudden it feels like I can't breathe. It's like my skull is a pressure cooker without any release. I've been to a mental hospital before and it didn't really help. Hearing everyone else talk made me feel like my problems were insignificant, and that there is nothing wrong with me, I'm just a horrible person. So that's what I'm left with. I don't even know what's real anymore. I don't know if I'm mentally fucked or if I'm just such a good actor that I've convinced even myself. The only thing I know is I can't take this anymore. My life is going nowhere. It can't go anywhere. There's no next move besides death. It's the only escape I see at this point. I'm an utter failure of a human.