My life story, I need to get off my chest. I can't hold it in anymore.For the longest time int his world I have questioned who I was as a person and what my purpose is on this world. I have questioned who I am as a whole, and what I was going to do in my life.

For the past 36 years of my life I have gone through hell and back and have suffered and seen what hell truly is. I have lived and been through things most shouldn't have. I have witnessed things in life no one should have to ever witness. And yet I still stand. Trying to figure out how I survived and what the point of my survival is. Maybe it is to get to reach out to you, the readers who will read this and realize no matter what you are facing you too can hang on and you too can pull through and make it out as I have.

I have grown up in a broken home, an abusive family. My mom didn't really care about me, she just wanted to have a child and get pregnant. After my birth she really didn't care. She would do drugs, sleep all day let me stay in my crib in my own feces as a baby.

Growing up I never knew my real dad till I was 23, by then he was already dying. he had cirrhosis of the liver and was at the end stage, I basically took care of him for the last couple months till his death. Then I lost my mom to suicide when I was 25. Unrelated to my fathers death.

Fast forward to when I was a child, my mom got remarried to a guy she met in a local church when I was 5 years old. He turned out to be a child predator. He raped and molested me from age 5 to 8, he would beat me daily till I was bleeding or he got tired of hitting me. He would punish me many times throughout the day by sending me to a corner and making me hand a bucket of water on my head if the bucket fell then I got beaten badly.

He even tried killing me a few times, the first time he locked me in a car on a hill at a corner store, left the car in neutral and as it was rolling towards the highway a semi truck was barreling down the highway. There happened to be a few witnesses who seen this came running for the car and stopped it inches from the highway as the semi truck passed by.

My mom, never really cared about what he did, all she cared about was having someone and was not alone. I even remember my own mother beating me a few times, not your simple spankings but her fist to my spinal cord as I lay belly down on the bed. She did this over the simplest things, the first time was over a broken drinking glass that slipped off the counter when I was washing dishes at age 6.

I grew up on 9 acres of land with an acre pond. somehow it was my responsibility to mow all 9 acres with a push mower while I was age 6 on up. my step dad demanded it was my job for being at home, it was my way of contributing to the house hold chores he said.

I had a few second cousins around my age growing up. My mom's sister had a daughter who was twice my age. she had kids who were my age. Jennifer the youngest being a year older than me, her and I would hang out all the time.

I remember one day I was over their mobile home playing NES, they lived on the same acreage as me, just a different mobile home. They had a father who was not in the picture. I remember one day we were playing NES and their mother was gone. We were all there alone, John being around 10, Julie being around 8 and Jennifer and I being 7. I remember saying your dad is coming, then Julie said we need to hide. Jennifer and I hid under the kitchen sink, Julie in the closet and John under his bed in the bedroom.

Ron, their father came in the mobile home said I know you all are in here. then started looking for us, he found Julie in the closet then put a knife to her throat threatened to kill her if we didn't come out. So we all came out, he took us all to Johns bedroom. Forced us all to get undressed and forced Jennifer and I to have sex and actual intercourse with each other while John and Julie did things to him.

From then on, Jennifer and I would act out sexually from age 7 to 11, we would have sex, we would play with each down there, we would mess around. This happened when we were alone, when we were around everyone we would just play cards or board games or would go outside ride bikes and stuff.

John became a bully and was always bullying us, didn't care and most the time got away with it. No one cared to believe me when I told them. Everyone hated me and hated my biological father because he was a poor working man and they had money. They treated me like crap because I was his son.

From around age 7 up to 25 I would watch my mom try to end her life, spend many nights in the hospital and er by her bed as she over dosed or cut her wrist pretty deep. They would always just release her send her home. I grew up watching this so suicide to me was normal. I tried my first attempt of suicide at age 9, drank a cup of bleach. My grandma found me having a seizure on the floor in the bathroom.

Basically growing up, I would watch my cousin Jennifer cut herself on her thighs, arms, stomach, sometimes she would get them so deep she would come to me to sew the cuts up and try to hide it from everyone, so I would sit there and sew them up for her. we had our secrets but was always close to each other and supported one another leaned on each other.

Over time Jennifer and I grew apart and became distant. We hardly speak to this day now. once every few years and is only a few words to each other. Her brother and sister are both married have kids living their own lives, Jennifer ended up having kids and getting married and is having a decent life. Everyone seemed to turn out pretty okay except for me.

I remember the times Jennifer and her sister Julie tried over dosing or walking in on Jennifer hanging from the shower rod by her belt. Or walking in on her with a gun to her head and talking her down.

Around 18 years old I found my moms second husband in her bed with her uncle both of them having sex, when I told my mom that night at dinner he threw hot coffee in my face and called me a liar. I lost it, grabbed a knife and went towards him to kill him. I got inches from him with the knife when my moms brother in law grabbed me and held me back.

I ended up going to jail for a week over this, while in jail he ended up leaving my mom and moving with her uncle and opening a flower shop up in a little town in Texas. From what I heard they both got really sick and my step dad died then my moms uncle died a year later.

When I got out of jail, I was basically homeless at 18, on the streets and ended up doing what I could for money. Mostly did dead end day labor jobs that paid cash at the end of the day. I did things from building porches to building decks and digging holes or underground pools, building fences, cleaning horse stalls and pig pins to laying pipes and electric wiring under ground and doing plumbing.

I would travel the states, go around places asking if people needed help when I ran across farms and big acres of land. I would stay a week or two do the work get paid then jump on greyhound and travel, do the same thing when I got to the next state. I did this for a couple years till my mom found my real dad for me. She knew I was trying to find him but never could, she ended up finding him from a social worker at the VA hospital, He actually broke the law doing this, but he did it.

While I was homeless, I have witnessed a car wreck with a family burning in the car, could hear the screams of the children begging God to help them, could smell the burning of the flesh. a month later I was sitting on a curb at a corner store talking to this homeless guy and he pulled a gun out shot himself and died in my arms. he said he couldn't take being homeless anymore and living life.

I ended up going to California, loved it there. but it is so expensive. I was about 22 then. I would wash peoples cars, mow their lawns for money. I remember getting paid and then going to a corner store to get some food and water, as I walked by this truck, I looked in and there was a guy sitting in it, he had a shotgun to his head and he actually pulled the trigger killed himself. come to find out the cashier of the store was his ex and she wouldn't take him back. he was begging her to take him back minutes prior to his death.

I ended up going to San Francisco. Walked on the beach, took the trolley ride. went to Alcatraz. after a month there I couldn't afford it so I came back to Texas. I ended up getting in with this local heavy metal band and setting up their equipment during shows and breaking it down and putting it up, they just did local bars and was nothing big. but the drummer who was also the band leader got really wasted on drugs and ended up over dosing. After that I just ended up being around my father and spending time with him taking care of him.

After his death I stayed around for a bit then I left, went to Houston then San Antonio to live with Jennifer, her brother, mom and grandma, my moms sister. None of us got along, it was a living hell, we would fight, argue, bicker, they would blame me on things, accuse me of stuff so I ended up leaving and moving in with my fathers sister which is where I am currently living. Renting a room from her, trying to save to buy a vehicle and get a place to live in a little town in Wisconsin, where I eventually want to live.

As of current, I have spent 8 years in the dating scene trying to find a woman to date and settle down with. Past 8 years I have been rejected around 4000 times and told I am ugly, disgusting, worthless, useless, told I have nothing to offer a woman or give a woman, mocked at laughed at, told I don't deserve love or a relationship, told I needed to end my life for being so fat and lazy.

Past 8 years I have been lead on by 22 women who pretended to love and want me and lead me on for 3 months or more sweet talking me telling me they love me and making plans for us then would fake their death or call me while having sex with someone or would disappear on me to never be heard from again.

I am 37, and I also am obese around 450 lbs and my entire life I have been over 400 lbs. I have health issues causing my obesity and making it hard to lose weight even when I eat healthy and work out. I started gaining weight when I was 5 years old, was highly active but never could lose weight. I ate fruit and veggies mostly and lean meat but the weight kept piling on and wouldn't shed.

I am working with Dr's to try to get my Thyroid, metabolism, low testosterone and stuff under control that is contributing to my weight and making it hard for me to lose weight. I am also on disability and receive a small amount of money each month to live on, which I hate and am trying to change.

I spent the past ten years trying to get my GED and go to college, but I have found out I have a learning disability that makes it hard for me to learn sometimes nearly impossible depending on how hard or difficult what I am studying is. Sometimes I just can't understand things and no matter how much it is explained or how many times it is explained in different ways I won't understand it or learn it.

But here I am still trying to keep going in this world given everything I have been through and trying to find myself and figure things out and trying to make a life for myself regardless of all the issues I struggle and deal with. No matter how much this world kicks me and hits me and knocks me down, I keep getting back up and keep trying.

One day something is going to break, either this world is going to give in or I will, but till then I am still going and going as strong and hard as I can and still facing things daily, just taking it one day at a time one issue at a time.