I don’t know how to exactly feel about suicideI’ve been thinking on doing it for some time now, it all began when I cheated on an exam in high school, I got suspended for quite some time (This type of behavior gets punished quite heavily, even sexual harassment gets less suspension time [6 months if you don’t get terminated VS 1 month or nothing at all]) I lost that year, I felt so bad with myself, really bad, I was really thinking about suicide but that type of feeling wasn’t that strong. I had to repeat 1 scholar cycle, I saw my whole generation getting into college, including my girlfriend, it kind of motivated me to be a better student. 

While I was repeating the cycle, 1 year ago, my grandpa had a seizure, that made my family fall apart (my father’s family because my parents divorced when I was 7), That type of stuff happens in everybody’s life, I was depressed, after some, nowadays my grandpa won’t remember me, it really breaks my heart, mi grandpa always helped me with school, he was a great mathematician, and he wanted to see me go to college, if I hadn’t cheated in that exam, he could have seen me in college, that broke my heart even more. 

Life goes on, I had problems with my family and I really hated myself, the feeling of suicide was getting stronger, but also thinking about death gives me panic attacks, I’ve been like that since I was a kid. 

December 2019 my girlfriend moves to other state, that really messed me up even more. COVID starts and 1 month ago my grandma dies from a seizure (my mother’s family), I’m almost out of high school but the uncertainty kills me. 2 weeks ago an uncle dies from COVID. At this point I really wasn’t in this reality, I slept 3-4 hours a day and couldn’t eat a lot, I didn’t knew how to feel about the death of my grandma and my uncle. 1 month ago a girl I used to talk before my girlfriend hits me up on Instagram and we started to talk, really brief conversations, then she tells me that an uncle (what a coincidence) passed away from COVID, I thought that if she shared her feelings with me, somehow, I could find a way to to start processing the deaths of my family. One week ago I feel so overwhelmed about everything, i felt so bad because I was talking with this girl while I was on my 3 year relationship. Decided to take a break with my girlfriend and I was planning to tell her that I was talking with another person, the day after this, my father starts feeling sick, he had fever for some hours (he is pre-diabetic) I felt my whole world coming down, gracefully the fever ceased  the day after but we had to lock him in his bedroom. Some days later my girlfriend founds out that I had been talking with the other girl and obviously thought that I was cheating on her, deletes all our photos, and I tried to explain her why I did it, she believed me but she’s confused and broke up with me. It’s my very own fault, I know. 

I’m devastated, I really feel like nothing is going to get better and I can feel the pain in my chest just getting bigger, it burns, and I just want it to stop, I really feel like I’m useless, I really do, I am useless. I am dick for doing that to my girlfriend, I really love her, a lot. And I want to stay with her a really long time. I feel like I’m not giving anything to the world anyway, so I just think than not being here is the bed option, but at the same time I just feel terrified, I’ve always been scared of death, I feel like I’m trapped in a box, death awaits outside the box and I just can’t break it because of my fear to death. I would really call myself a thanatophobic (I know it’s a bold claim but the anxiety and the panic attacks I feel are no joke) 

I just wanted to write down everything and hopefully hear some similar experiences, thank you if you stayed all the way along

Sorry for my bad English