I just want to get this off of my chestHey.

I am a 19 year old girl. I have severe anxiety and depression. Also i got diagnosed with a chronic disease when i was 2-3 years old. I don't know the name of it, but my kidneys aren't working as they should. I am not really a social person and English is not my first language, so please forgive me for my mistakes.

I am afraid to talk about my childhood, because i get panic attacks when i do. At least i'll try for now.
My dad has a drinking problem. He was an alcoholic, and because of this my parents argued a lot. I heard all of their "fights" (no physical abuse!) (shouting, my mom crying, etc.). When my dad was drunk, he used to tell me and my mom very bad stuff. (he called me and my mom a whore, told bad stuff about my mom's family, stuff like this..). Sometimes my dad moved to his parents (5kms away)(because my mom kicked him out or he wanted to go) for days, weeks, months and once for more than a year. When he was away for more than a year, he cheated on my mom twice and told her about it. It broke my mom's heart and i had to participate in the conversation when they met after what happened. My mom picked me up from school only minutes after i got there in the morning. At this time i was near 14. He was and still is a liar. We're living together but they're still arguing a lot. Dad's drinking 30% less, i think. I really hate him, but i'd be hurt, if he died. I know he had a rough life because his dad is and was extremely alcoholic.
Am i a bad person for hating my dad? I don't want to be. :'(

I am very sensitive deep inside but overall i have lack of feelings and empathy. Most of the times i feel numb or pain in my chest.

I've been thinking about suicide a lot for the past 4 years. This week i jumped from a 10 meter high place into the water twice. The sad thing is that i felt absolutely nothing when i closed my eyes. I was relieved. I cut my arm and my flank when i am so stressed that nothing helps. I am just afraid that in the future i will do it. I know that i am capable of anything. Sometimes i want to hurt people physically, just to hear them cry. Don't worry, i feel guilt so i wouldn't do such thing. I try to be a good person by helping others a lot, cheer up everyone i can. Don't judge me, please.

Psychotherapy and the meds my psychiatrist gave me didn't help at all. I don't know what to do. I want to be more social and normal. I want to feel like the average people. Sometimes i feel like i am going crazy because the voices in my head are so loud, i also have flashbacks of everything i did in my life. Bad experiences, traumas, things i messed up. I overanalyze everything and it's so bad. I don't want to do that but i can't control my mind.

If this post is a mess, than i am really sorry. I wanted to get this off of my chest. Now i feel a little bit better. Don't comment bad things about my parents, please 😞

Have a very nice day and never give up! I wish the best for you.