Thank you, friend. The pain of losing you is worth it. I am free.TL;DR: I met one of my best friends here. He pulled me out of the gutter, a place where I was making plans to go, and pushed me into the light. I wish he could’ve come with me. I have no one else to thank for my major improvement but him. Thank you, J. 
———————————————————————

After coming off of a rough end of year last year and a difficult 7 months of this year, I decided to post in this subreddit out of desperation. 

I needed to vent and I needed someone to help me. I wasn’t expecting any messages but late at night, not long after posting, I got one. He told me his name and that he was in the same place I was, trying to wrap up loose ends so he could make his exit. 

I replied because I wanted to help him and I wanted help for myself too. I didn’t think it would turn into a deep friendship. For 4 months, J spent his time pulling me out of the gutter, taking care of me and loving on me while I got my shit together, and then pushing me into a light I haven’t seen in a long time. 

He built me up so high, I can’t come back down. There are still hard days, especially lately. J said goodbye to me last weekend. I know he is getting ready to make a graceful exit from his difficult life really soon, if he hasn’t done so already. 

The seeds of confidence, self-love, happiness, and motivation to succeed that he planted are deeply rooted and growing strong. He planted them with care and spent some time watering them to make sure they would sprout. And then he taught me how to take care of them on my own. 

The things J gave to me will never go away. He has absolutely changed my life. I’m in so much pain right now. I’m absolutely shattered that we had to part. I’d do anything to make him the co-star of my success story forever.

I miss him and everything about our friendship dearly. But having the opportunity to love him and be loved by him are worth every second of soul-crushing grief that I’m experiencing now. I’ll get through this because I have to, for him. 

To J: I love you, I care about you, and I’ll miss you forever. I know you feel the same. Thank you for everything, friend. I am free. 