life just seems... pointless.(im 17. senior year.) 


i guess i'll start out with how i got to this point. i started to feel down 7th grade, around the time my grandpa was in the hospital (which i wasn't close to). he would come in and out of the hospital and i guess seeing him that way just hurt. i dont even know why i felt that way when those words that he said when i was in 4th grade still lingered. i still enjoyed doing simple things and still wanted to try out new things. i bought a ukulele, got in to drawing, and tried making friends. i actually met one of my ex best friend (she will be coming up at the end). it wasn't bad at all but i felt this nagging feeling above my head that i was able to ignore. 

cut to 9th grade, oh boy was that year fun. thats when i started questioning why i was still even here breathing. i started high school and most of my classes were filled with people from others schools which already had their own friends of groups. compared to how i was in middle school, i started to become real quiet. my middle school wasn't that big and everyone pretty much knew everyone so it was easy for me to conversate with others. at the end of 8th grade i also realized that i was starting to develop anxiety. i would shake and my body temperature would go up &amp; was on the verge of passing out. anyways, as you can tell, trying to talk to others was quite intimidating. i started to feel alone and just isolated from everyone in my classes. not only that, i was in advanced classes and felt so stupid in all of them. i couldn't even reach their level of intelligence. i was dumb compared to all of them. i no longer wanted to participate. i would hate when teachers called on me. it was the worst feeling ever. oh, i forgot to mention, my grandpa died a month later after my freshman year started. i pick up others emotions so i was sad, would cry over everything, and just felt like complete shit. i had about 4 friends at the time, which i guess you could say i no longer am friends with them. anyways, school work started to pile up. i started getting stressed about it and would even cry at times because i couldnt understand some of the stuff. i started to develop some thoughts that weren't healthy. in my head, i would tell myself im stupid, worthless, all the teachers saw me as some excuse o a student, and so on. i started to just lock myself in my room and sleep. i developed an eating disorder (which i thought was normal at the time because teenagers right?). i wouldn't shower for days yet my anxiety kept me worried about how i looked. imagine caring about what others think of you while you don't even care about yourself. its a fucking pain in the ass. 
i gained a friend that year but eventually cut ties with her during the summer.

10th grade came along. i continued to take advanced classes just to make my parents proud. i wanted them to be proud of me and tell me that just one time. turns out i just disappointed them more. this is when i started to skip days at school, telling my mom i felt sick and so. once i even faked i was sick but it turned out i had strep throat, kinda funny tbh. ayways, my grades started to go down. i was usually and A or A B type of girl but my grades started going towards C's and at times D's. I met this guy as well that i started to develop feelings for. this was the first time i actually wanted to step out of my comfort zone and get to know them. i still dont know till this day if it was a good or bad idea. i honestly don't remember much about 10th grade year. it seems a little fuzzy. all i know is that my depression and anxiety got worse. i was thinking about suicide more often and even thought of ways to do it. just a reminder, my parents and siblings had no idea that i was feeling down. i would always act hyper and made jokes just to make them laugh. i fake laughed and tried not to get them worried. 

11th grade. i had only like 1 adv class and an AP class to get myself to take a break. i told myself at the end of 10th grade that i would get my shit together and even managed to get decent grades on the 1st 9 weeks of school. i started to have trouble sleeping, my thoughts started to get more vivid and had nightmares. i also almost passed out while talking in a group discussion because i was so anxious. i dont know how many times i started to write suicide letters. i would have breakdown every other month thst led me to just wanting to end it all. this took place 2019 so last yeart. then 2020 started. everything started to go to shit. the guy i mentioned earlier? yeah, i admitted my feelings towards him and he then started to talk to me less. eventually, we stopped talking completely, mostly it being my fault. i also lost my bestfriend. i dont know what happened or what i did, but we just stopped talking. it hurt a lot. it really fucking hurt. i went 4 days without eating and lost almost 10 pounds.  i was 95 pounds (5 foot 3 inchs) so i finally became underweight. that was the only thing i had under control. my weight. i felt at ease. i liked seeing my ribs popping out. i liked the way i looked for the first time. even now, i wish i would stop eating so much.  this was around the time finally talked to the counselor and my mom and sister came up and talked to them about how i was feeling. when we walked out of school, my sister just told me.. you should've judt killed yourself in there. i got a therapist around march. i started taking medication, went from lexapro, prozac, some sleeping pills and some other stuff i cant remember. lexapro left me feeling numb. i couldn't cry. i couldn't feel a thing. i remember explaining to my friend the feeling. its as if you are trapped in the glass box and no matter how many times you try to break it and get out of there, it didn't work. you just yelled at no one. when me and my bestfriend defriended, i got a new friend. i wasn't at the best state, physically and mentally. i wouldn't shower for a week, i was just bone, i would skip a lot of class. oh yeah, did i mention that? i started skipping almost everyday. i remember thinking, whats wrong with me? i wasn't like this. how would i let myself get to this point. i was someone that cared a out school, even if it was challenging. i wasn't one to get down over small or big things. i wouldn't get hurt over one small comment. almost at the end of march, i first tried attempting with the lexapro. i only took 4 but i called my friends and they picked me up. i spent time with them for a little while. i stopped myself before i took more so im not sure if its really an attempt? i didn't mention this to my therapist because you know, i'd get sent to the hospital. 2 weeks later, i attempted again. this time i took some pain killers. it was 8 at the time. they were like 500mg per pill? I just felt a little sick from the stomach but that was all. I called my friend again and told her what was going on. 2 of them came over and talked to me. my friend asked me if i wanted to tell my mom, in which i did. we ended up crying a lot. she kept asking me why do i want to die. why am i feeling like this. why dont i see value in life. do you know how shitty i felt? i, the person that lives in this body, doesn't even know the cause. my friends had called out but i started to act hyper (i always do this to make others think i am doing well now). they ordered pizza and we ate. they both worked at the same place so they called the manager and told them that they could actually go in. my heart broke a little that day. i always wished someone would stay with me even when i told them the opposite. they just left. they believed i was doing well. i ended up telling my therapist what i did a week later since thats when i was scheduled to go. she ended up sending me to the hospital and told my mom that its best to do so or i'll end up succeeding. although it was nice for me to not worry about anything anymore, i didnt like it. i wasn't with the people that i cared about. all i needed was to be with the ones that cared and loved me. even if they were acting as if they did, thats all i needed. i pushed them away so many times and i know its my fault. i know i am the one to blame but i still felt even more depressed because i wanted them to tell me no, i am not leaving. i wanted them to just lay with me and hug me and just tell me everything was going to be okay, even if i didnt believe that. thats all i ever wanted. 

june came along so school ended. i tried again. i tried overdosing on sleeping pills. i took about 40 this time. even till this day, i still have no clue what i meant to text one of my friends. ah i forgot to mention, the friend i gained after i lost my best friend dated my brother. i started to like her a little after they broke up and she even admitted that she was kind of gaining interest on me while dating my brother. i was so confused during this time though because she never told me straight forward if she liked me or not. i wasn't in the best state of mind (obviously) so all that made sense to me was that she hated me. she never liked me and just used me to gain information about my brother. i had also stopped talking to my other 2 friends and even stopped telling one of them (the same one that works with her) about what i was thinking because the first thing she would do is tell her. anyways, im pretty sure it caught her by surprise that i texted her that day and it not making any sense. all i remember was going unconscious and then waking up several times. i would try to plug in my phone to charge and i thought i would and would pass out and then wake up to do the same thing. standing up was hard. i almost fell because of how heavy my body felt. thankfully, i didn't throw up, i hate throwing up. cue to the next day, i had my therapy appointment. im surprised my therapist didn't ask if i was okay. i was shaking a lot and couldn't focus. i was still out of it and had the same feeling i had the day before but without feeling my body heavy, passing out randomly and so. i even drove that day (which i know i shouldn't have but i wasn't thinking). I can't even remember much of that day. I do remember around 7pm though. I started to text my friends. I cant remember what i said or what they said. i do remember getting angry and i started to get aggresive. the last thing i told the friend (that i liked at the time), no wonder that my brother left you. before that, i do remember her saying that you can't help someone that doesn't want help. thats all i can remember. that just hit me for some reason. all those 4 months that i tried getting help seemed like nothing to her? i was so fucking upset. this was the same person that dealt with suicidal thoughts and depression. someone that even attempted. thats why it hurt so much. i was trying so hard to get help, even if it was hard for me to open up. i was never taught to talk about my feelings so the fact that i told an adult meant that i seriously was in need of help. i ended up blocking everyone and i cried so much. i cried, a lot. it hurt. it still hurts. she even told me she thought of telling me that i should've killed myself. now, i wish that she did say those words. then i would have an actual reason. i texted them the next day and told them i was sorry. they forgave me, which they shouldn't have. maybe it was better and if we just left it like it was. i still hate myself for saying those words till this day. i haven't been the same ever since. nothing feels real. 

cut to 12th grade (which is now.) i was planning on doing it on my birthday. i wrote a note each day leading to it and i decided to do it 6 days earlier. i was supposed to start my first day at my job. i called out and told my mom i was working. i went to the park. i was planning on slitting my wrist. turned out the blade &amp; pocket knife didn't work so well on my wrist and barely did anything. i didn't tell my friends about it and decided to just wait till my actual birthday, thinking it was just the day, you know. my birthday came up and i was waiting for my friends to say happy birthday. they didn't. i posted on my story crying. i wrote on the last note, they forgot about my birthday. the day i hated the most, my birthday, made me hate it even more. i wasn't worthy of their time. they saw my stort and felt bad and texted me. they came to my house and gave me last minute gifts. they felt forced. i doubt they even wanted to be there. 
cue to now. i finally pushed them off for good. i told them what i was planning and told them how i was feeling. they ended up writing a letter to my mom like 4 days ago and left it in the mail. i was the one that went to get the mail that day. i read it and i got really upset/angry/sad. the people that i thought knew me the most wanted to send me to the hospital. 

all i wanted was for them to stay with me, not send me somewhere in which i feel trapped. somewhere where they are not. i got angry and texted them. 3 were involved in this, one wasnt. i texted on the gc where all 4 were one. the one that wasnt a part of it got upset over what i said. the others didnt say anything until i said if that was all they got. i started saying to tell me how they really feel about me because i knoe they are holding themselves back just because they are afraid i'll break. i blocked all of them after that and now i have no reason for no longer to stay here. even one of the people, which were feeling suicidal a while back, wated to send me to the hospital when i didn't even think about sending them there because i know it wasn't what they needed or wanted. they needed to be with people that loved them and made sure they were safe. i didnt get out of her car that day and told her i wasn't leaving. she gave in and slept in my room. why couldn't they do the same for me? am i not worthy of having someone do that for me? 

its kind of funny. i was in my car the other day in the same spot we were in when we skipped school one day. at that time i thought i was really alone, but now. now i've actuall reached that. i am alone now. i have no one. in the end, i am the one that never deserved to be here. i didn't deserve them. i didn't deserve to live. i should've died a long time ago. i dont know how long i'll be here. there is no point in living anymore. im just a walking robot at this point. 

i no longer have anyone or anything to live for.