My mom (61) says life is meaningless, she says she doesn’t want to fight and live for anything, what to say when she says these things?My mom got into a really bad depression after my she got divorced of my dad almost 10 years ago. She got depressed to the point where she wouldn’t be able to take me to school she would only spend her time scrolling her phone and sleeping all day long.  She’s a doctor in my origin country but not in USA so she has been auto medicating herself for around 8yrs. She “refuses” to get help by saying that depression would not even allow her to make a call for the psychiatrist and/or psychologist(she has never been to one,NEVER) she says she doesn’t find any meaning to life, that she’s just there and that her purpose in life is pretty much complete now that my brother and me are pretty much done in college. She lives by herself, my brother in my origin country and I live in my college town 5 hours away, I’m making her make an appointment w/ psychiatrist and psychologist tomorrow now that I’m visiting but in terms of helping her and her depression what else can I do? What do I say when she says that she doesn’t want to fight anymore for life or for her life or for absolutely anything ? Every she says is in terms of hopelessness, she feels like a burden, she says things would not change if she’s alive or not, she just wants to stop worrying. She has said years ago and recently that she just wants to fall asleep a never wake up. I don’t get scared when she says these things I get mostly upset that she hasn’t tried therapy at all. She is pretty religious and was raised in the belief that if she kills herself she will not go to heaven so I want to believe she will not do it but yet I’m afraid of one day someone calling me telling me they found her dead in her house... I’m 22 F if that helps... thank you for the advice in advance. I just want my mom to realize that depression is trying to kill her, that this is not her and that life still has a “purpose”