Have good days and bad days. Today's a bad day and I can't see it ever getting better.I've always been quite a nervous, anxiety and a big time worrier to boot however in the past year I think it's got worse. I'd say a combination of living by myself and subsequently smoking weed almost daily has not helped, I know smoking weed can be terrible for anxiety and I'll explain why I'm smoking further on.

So my girlfriend broke up with my 6 weeks ago and although I'm starting to miss her less and less I'm feeling a lot more lonely and helpless in general. I know why and totally understand why she broke up with me. I'm a total introvert and I'd rather spend time with myself than with her. I mean, I guess maybe I actually just enjoyed doing nothing at home by myself because I was too anxious to meet up with her. It was emotionally hard for me to invest with her because of my anxiety. And so I can totally understand why she broke up with me. And now I have all the time in the world to myself I realise that I don't want this either! 

I would even get so anxious that I would get butterflies when going out for a meal and would almost feel like being sick. Now you can see why my ex was happy to get rid of me when she couldn't even go for a meal with me. She loved me so much and I pretty much jeopardised the relationship just because of my anxiety.

Also, living alone has made me crawl more and more into my shell. Previously when I was living at home it was always good to have an excuse to get out of my parents way and meet my friends. But now I'm living alone it's kind of like given the choice I'd rather be conserving my emotional energy and being by myself. I've tried briefly living in a shared flat but that was even worse with arguments over rent, cleaning, being too loud etc. And even though I get crazy lonely by myself when I'm out with mates I find myself thinking of excuses to leave early to be at home. 

Living alone I smoke weed because if I was "sober" alone by myself I think it would slowly drive me insane and at least smoking weed makes me forget how lonely I am, makes me laugh at almost anything and dulls me. I don't actually want to smoke. Just the alternative scares me! I'm not even sure if it makes me anymore anxious as on the days I don't smoke I feel just as anxious. I'm sure I'll get judged heavily for smoking and this is probably my own fault. 

I'm slowly becoming more reclusive and introverted and I feel like it maybe too late to save me. I honestly don't know what it feels like to be normal anymore. I have bouts of anxiety attacks over what could be the most trivial things, such as going to the shops. I never used to be this bad. Or at least I thought I never used to be this bad. I always felt as if I'd snap out of the this but I haven't and I honestly feel like I'm fighting a losing battle. I honestly don't want to kill myself, but I just feel like things are never going to change and the only way to end this misery is to kill myself.

