I'm terrified of going back to work tomorrow, and I feel trappedI'm a woman in my 30s, and I've struggled with depression and anxiety since my early teens. Recently, I've just been feeling less and less able to function day to day. I keep trying to clean up my home and set goals for myself, but I just can't seem to find the energy for it. For the past three weeks, I've been off work (with partial pay) because I was having panic attacks at work, and bursting into tears at random intervals. Although being off work helped to remove some of my immediate stress for the moment, it created a whole host of other problems - financial strain, guilt and embarassment when I have to explain to others why I'm not working, etc. 

I don't understand why this is happening now. 2018 was a year of so many positive changes in my life. I got a new home with two awesome, supportive friends. my family loves and supports me. I quit drinking and started exercising. I started dating a wonderful man who knows all my flaws and loves me anyway. I started a new full-time job, and while I don't know if it's a position I ultimately want to stay in for the long term, it pays alright and the people I work with are amazing. So why now? You'd think I'd feel happy with this life, right? But I feel so fucking crippled by whatever's going on in my brain that I can barely function. I have brief glimpses of happiness, but they never last. Every conversation that I have that goes past the most superficial of topics seems to end with me bursting into tears, and everyone around me being left concerned and unsure of what to do with me.

I've been seeing a doctor (GP) regularly, and I've put in referrals with my local mental health service to ask for help, but the wait for these sorts of services here in Canada is very long (3+ months). I've sat in my doctor's office, bawling my eyes out, begging for help. I've called mental health services and begged for someone to just tell me what I need to do to get some support. I'm willing to do anything to get out of this, but nobody seems to have any answers.

I have to go back to work tomorrow, because I simply can't afford to be off work any longer. I have absolutely no confidence that I'll be able to pull it together well enough to do my job properly, and I doubt it'll take my employer long to figure out that I'm not worth the trouble and fire me. I just feel so fucking helpless. I can't do the job that I have, and the idea of looking for a new job is overwhelming. I'm barely getting by as it is, and I don't know what to do if I can't support myself. I've been toying with the idea of suicide for ages, but I always end up deciding to suck it up and try again because I don't want to hurt the people who've done so much to try to help me. I'm just scared that I may be getting to the end of my energy here. I've been pushing through for so long, and I'm tired. I'm so fucking tired.

I'm really not sure why I'm posting this. I guess I just needed somewhere to talk, and maybe some advice from anyone who's been in a similar situation. 