HelloI don't know who is going to read this or even care to read. I've never been on this site or thread. However, I was led to it from a Bing link. I read through a lot of the posts, and a few of them moved me so much. Please don't respond to what I am about to type. I guess this is my way of saying goodbye to this world. I'm not going to write a letter nor try to seek "help". I'm very comfortable with my choice. This post isn't a cry for help, just a release of sorts. I wish that my life could've turned out different for the better. However, I don't know exactly what that better would look like. Again, please do not respond to what I am about to type out. This is just my way of putting some sort of closure and explanation on my life.

I'm 40 years old. I'm single. I am an engineer by profession. I am an artist by hobby and trade. I've drawn 1 children's book in my life. I was mostly raised in the south and midwest regions of the United States. I've never had many friends. I was abandoned by my father when I was 4 years old. My mother abused me because of it. One of the most vivid and horrible memories of my childhood was being beaten by her and scarred on the face for wearing a cartoon t-shirt underneath my church clothes. Another memory was being molested by one of her boyfriends. My brothers, who are from a previous marriage, never liked me. Our relationships got more civil the older we got, but we're nothing close to a family. Both sides of my family have rejected me. I was teased throughout my life. I never learned how to talk to women. I've always been turned down by women. I served in the military, but had no guidance and never set up a life for myself. I've borrowed money and never paid back. I feel so ashamed and guilty for it. If I could do it over, I would never have done that. I've blown a lot of good opportunities. Either because I simply didn't recognize them at the time or just plain self doubt. I've been a mix of a pretty good and horrible person. I've struggled with sadness and depression most of my life. I think most of my depression stems from my family rejecting and abusing me. I had no male role models in my life. Most of my teachers were very condescending and hurtful to me for whatever reason. I was often put in "Gifted" classes, but the teachers were often hostile to me. I don't understand why.

I look at the world around me, and I often find myself jealous of others. See, I moved around a lot when I was a kid. My mother was very unstable and would do stuff on whims. Most of the time chasing a man without thought of how it would affect her or me. So, I changed schools a lot. I went to 4 different high schools in 4 years. So, I don't have any roots anywhere. I'm very jealous of someone who grew up somewhere their entire life. I would love to know what it's like to be a true native of somewhere and have an actual hometown. I would love to know what it's like to have strong bonds with some of the people around me. I've very envious of people from small towns, because of the closeness and family orientation of a lot of those places. I've never had that. I almost feel like life (or whatever created me) didn't care enough about me to give me a family who would actually accept me and love me. I feel like I was just put here. No real reason or anything. I'm just the result of two irresponsible adults who had no real plan of starting a family nor being parents anymore. I feel so disconnected from the entire human race. It seems like I was not meant to have friends and family. Have you ever felt that sometimes people only seem to be your friends out of mere pity for you? That's how I feel about a lot of my relationships. Like, no one truly loves me. They just feel sorry for me. That hurts me. It says to me that I have nothing to offer anyone. I'm a burden. I've met people who everyone just LOVES. I envy them. Why did the universe bless them with such loving qualities and curse me with such bad ones? What did I do to deserve this? Whatever I did, I'm sorry. 

Why is it that everyone in the world deserves love but me? Why is it that abusive, narcissistic men get unconditional love from women? Why do people love people who don't care about them? This world seems so backwards to me. Love is a joke. Kindness is weakness. Peace is boring. Stability is seen as crazy. Who created this? Why is this so? Why is life so imbalanced and unfair, yet seen as 'beautiful'? Where's the beauty in injustice? Where's the preciousness in abuse? What's to appreciate about poverty? Why is there hierarchy and class? Equality and kindness seem like ideological platitudes that rather than behaviors humans actually strive for. Why is my biological imperative tied to my production for a greedy society? Why should we have to work from the sweat of our brow just to eat? No one asked to be here in the first place. Not that we shouldn't create and work to make life better, but to simply function to keep a small group of people well-fed... to me just seems evil and unnecessary in the end.  

Women avoid me like the plague. I don't know why. I've never learned how to approach them. It just seems like there's some type of cheat code in life that every male but I have. I am done with it now, though. I just wish I could've made the type of connection with a woman that would've led to love and maybe a relationship. Oh well. I just think its crappy and mean of life to do that to someone. That's one of the many reasons I've grown to hate life. Just absolutely hate whatever created this. Whatever created me. I just hate life for doing that to me. I could just not exist. Women are so beautiful, inside and out, and I can't get one. What a cruel way to do someone. Life is a serious demon.

Long story short, I'm going to end my life. I've thought long and hard about this, and I've come to the conclusion that it doesn't get better. I've been kicked too many times to believe that it will. And I'm not about to exist with the lottery mentality that most people have... "Ya never know..." Yes, I do. It doesn't get better. There are no loved ones. I'm hurting no one. There are no reasons for me to live. Puppies, sunsets, and just sticking around in this crazy world to see how it all turns out are not reasons to continue suffering. I do not have a mental illness. In fact, I think it's more of a sign of mental illness to be well adjusted to this type of world. I'm very rational, and I've logically thought about life and my place in it. For me, this makes sense. I'm doing the right thing. I'm happy I learned that "heaven and hell" are just human creations to keep people here and serving social governmental pathology and greed. I've chosen a date and time to do this. I've gotten most of my affairs in order. And now, I'm just going to live out my time being content. I'm actually looking forward to it. I wonder what's on the other side of this... if anything. I'll soon find out.

Whomever reads this, I guess... thanks for your attention and time. I feel better after writing this. I can now move forward with it. If there are actually people who did care about me, I'm sorry if this will hurt you. That's not my intention. There are people who I do love and I will miss them dearly. I hope that they remain happy and I wish all of the good things of life for them. I certainly don't wish a life like mine upon anyone. I just want those who do love me to know that I'm happy now. I'm in a much better place. 

I'm not mad or sad at life anymore. I'm just done with life. I am free. :)