Millennial's dilemma	It is incredibly hard to find a reason to go on living right now. This is typical millennial angst on the one hand, and on the other it is mental illness, but I want to share my story and hopefully bring some light onto the reasons that so many of this generation are feeling so low.
	Let me start the story back in 2009. It was my senior year in college, the economy was in freefall, and I was thrilled to have a (temporary) job lined up abroad and a new girlfriend with whom I was madly in love. I graduated with honors, won literally dozens of departmental awards, and was one of the very, very few language majors who did not have to resort to working at Starbucks.
	In the year that followed, I got engaged to my girlfriend and was accepted into one of the most prestigious grad school programs in foreign language in the US. Things didn’t seem too bad, though I was hit with a pretty terrible depression (in part from the financial realities that came with ending my job). I graduated absolutely top of my MA and started a PhD 2000 miles away where I continued to win recognition and became very, very wary of the future of academia.
	Working in the academe is practically a form of financial suicide these days. Anyone in the humanities will know that adjunctification has basically rendered tenure totally obsolete. Many of my friends graduating with their PhDs were offered positions that paid $2500 per course. Considering that they taught up to six courses a year…well, you do the math. Last year I decided to leave academia and hopefully find a secondary teaching position or government job or….
	Well, that job didn’t come. My wife and I were forced to move back into her dad’s basement. I am a 28-year-old honor student who has an MA (and ABD), speaks 3 languages fluently and can read 2 others, has extensive teaching and research experience on three continents, and currently I tutor students and translate contracts for businesses that are exchanging millions of dollars. I work about 50 hours a week and earn upwards of $170 per week. That’s one-seven-zero – no typo. Because I’m self-employed (I have to be), I have no chance at getting any kind of social security/welfare.
The job market is such that this may well be the high point in my career. Languages other than Mandarin and Spanish are being phased out of education in the US and neither of those are my area of expertise. Finding jobs abroad is next to impossible when your passport mentions neither the commonwealth nor the EU.
My wife and I wanted to live a humble, quiet life. I would be a modest researcher, she would rear the kids, and we would have a small but warm home. Unfortunately, the reality is that we both work constantly and between us make barely enough money to pay for the food in our stomachs and the clothes on our back. Neither of us can afford healthcare, and the ACA charges us $750 a month not to have it – still cheaper than the premiums we would have to pay (we live in a conservative state with no real safety net unless you are making at least minimum wage and have children). Our debt is accumulating faster than our depression.
We will never have enough material wellbeing even to consider having kids, we certainly won’t have a down payment for a house anytime soon, and we have to deal with all the negative press and drama that come with being basement dwellers. Furthermore, Millennials will know that we have the lowest life expectancy in the last 5 generations of Americans. Though my parents are blue collar workers who live in a trailer park, smoke like a chimney, drink like a fish, and live generally terrible lives, they are predicted to make it to 80 by virtue of their age and the modest gains they made in life (they own their trailer, at least). The fact for my wife and me is that we, who eat well, never drink or smoke, exercise regularly, and are well educated, will die in our early- to mid-seventies statistically. That means that we have absolutely no chance of making it to retirement (we have literally nothing to save, and the government is garnishing us for healthcare as mentioned above).
I wonder what the point of living like this is – We took all the right steps, but we are absolutely held back by our timing. Graduating into the great recession was a bad decision. My friends who skipped college are all universally happier than the ones who went, no question about it. We are going to live in extraordinary poverty (‘overqualified’ for my parents’ jobs, but in no position to seek qualifications other than the ones I hold, which in yesteryear would have looked great) and work incessantly until the day we die. We won’t have the family we want, we won’t have anything but communal housing with a dozen roommates (or a basement), and we will never retire to enjoy the fruits of our labors.
This is a situation in which I have to ask whether the relative burden of even being alive is worth holding. We can’t make our garden grow à la Candide because we will never have enough land for a damn garden. I feel like ending my life would at least bring me a little rest.
