No future. My best option is suicide[This song sums up my life. Andrew Jackson Jihad - People II 2: Still Peoplin' ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehFHGrG60GQ)

I'm a drug addict. I struggle with addition. This is nothing new to me. I don't have a job, no money, no drive or initiative to better my life. I just don't care anymore. Last week I overdosed, again. I was revived by paramedics when my roomate found me dead. I've overdosed 10 times and every single time, someone finds me . I cannot take the shame anymore. I am 34 years old. Heroin addict. I cannot keep a job. I had a job but was fired because I was high at work. I took a shitload of xanax, which helped me kick heroin but the benzo's are a whole nother beast I struggle with. I got 500 xanax pills and took them non-stop until my brothers' wife 302'd me to the psych ward. I did 10 days in inpatient psychiatric care. a 302 is being admitted to psychiatric care against my will. I told them that I don't care if I live or die anymore. I see a psychiatrist once a week. I don't want to tell her that I want to die because I dont want to go back to the psych ward. Why am I still alive? Fuck my life. I have no reason to continue to live. No significant other. My last girlfriend overdosed and died last year when I was in another psych ward. After that I tried to kill myself again. I got some acetyl-fetanal and overdosed on purpose. I ended up spending a week in the hospital. No one visited me, no one gave a shit, no phone calls, nothing.My future is bleak. I don't dream anymore. I have no imagination, I am unable to even be optimistic. I've been homeless for months after I got out of the hospital because I was kicked out of my house for getting high. Once again, the level of hopelessness of being homeless is unreal. You want to talk about fear? I have none. I'm not afraid to die. At least my suffering will be over. WHY AM I STILL ALIVE? I've been clinically diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety and bi-polar. Along with the addiction, I am uncomfortable all the time. Because of the stigma of being a heroin addict, my parents have given up on me. I am exiled. Just another level of shame that I brought upon myself. Whats the point? I found a 9mm bullet in my stuff, I don't own a gun, and I doubt I would even be allowed to get one based on my mental health history. Make the suffering stop. I am emotionally disturbed. I feel inadequate, corrupt and flawed. I want to kill myself. I don't know. I am a failure and probably won't even be successful at ending my own life. I am a self-sabotage certified insane person. Why continue my pathetic life? I let everyone down. I have no friends, I've lost all of them due to my heroin use. My antidepressants don't work, I dont eat, my anxiety is at panic attack levels ALL THE TIME. Every junkie is like a setting sun, bring on the twilight. I'm ready to end my existence.