Suicide Looking Like a Good Option Right nowLately I've been dealing with a ton of health issues lately and it's been feeling like it's the best option for me right now.

The entire month really has not been great, I've been dealing with eye pain, ear infection that got rough to where it hurt to open a door, stomach pain, and now my jaw and gums hurt because I'm pretty sure I have some bad gum disease due to me neglecting my dental health for the third time now like a piece of shit.

I've had to go to the hospital twice now, I just went to the ER two days ago to deal with my ear (it's getting better now) and I've got an appointment this week to check out my eyes, but Everytime I sorta get somewhere with my health, some other issue I've let fester comes to the forefront. My parents are already stressed and are thinking about taking out a loan just to help cover the eye appointment.

And my mother keeps insisting I don't have gum disease because I'm not old enough and that it's genetic but I sure feel I do.

And my anxiety has been skyrocketing, I've been having panic attacks, one got bad to where it hurt to breathe, and I'm feeling at my lowest point.

I've got no one to even really talk about it with, my mother is the one I confide with the most, but she's strained honestly, and she just seems to get frustrated more at this point with all my bullshit. I don't have friends and I don't really talk to anyone and honestly I don't even have the social skills to even make friends, I'm too fucking awkward and too stupid to because I don't study at all and am pretty much a drop out.

They don't even know that I hardly study because I'm such a chicken shit that I'm too afraid to admit I haven't studied at all. Not for school, not for my driver's license.

I just don't know what to do, every time I feel like things might get better, something goes wrong. I can't keep going to the hospital, we're probably already in a lot of debt because of my er visit and we don't even have health insurance or anything. It's like a cycle honestly, I fret over a problem that crops up, my mother calms me down for a bit, but when it starts to hurt or intensifies I freak out more, my mother calms me down after getting pissed,  until it hurts to where I have to go to the hospital because they have no clue what to do. And then after my trip to the hospital where it seems like things might get better a new problem shows up. It's all I do nowadays and I hate it. I hate myself so much it's scary sometimes. 

Suicide just seems more and more tempting honestly, but I don't have a clue on where to even begin something like that.