So it's been over a month since I tried to hang myself. (very long)The evening before this happened, I was having a very hard time at work emotionally speaking. It seemed as though every little thing was setting me off: too many packages coming my way? Rage. Running all around the warehouse to fetch something for someone? Anger. Dealing with my cousin on the phone? Let the waterworks flow forth. It was at that time I made the decision to end it all. I was finally going to do what I had talked about doing ever since I was a little kid. There was no turning back. All of the frustration and heartache I had been dealing with in my life finally came to a head. 

It had been several months since my grandmother had passed on and I had made the decision to sell her house and start life on my own at 28 years of age. But let me tell you, nothing in my life had prepared me for this moment. I had lived secure in the knowledge that she would be around for a good long while and that by the time she was ready to go I would have my life either figured out or I'd be long dead before she got to see what a waste of a human being I had become. But then the Pancreatic Cancer hit and for two years she lived with the specter of death looming overhead. For the first year things were great: the Chemo was doing the trick and she looked to be in great health despite knowing that the Cancer was a death sentence and all we could do was stave off death for as long as we could. But once it stopped working and her tumor markers crept back up, that was the beginning of the end. Seeing my entire life slowly crumble in front of my eyes while I helplessly watched this all unfold tore me apart. She was all I had left; The last vestige of familiarity in a world I was vaguely aware of. I thought that maybe she would somehow find the strength to pull herself up out of this dark abyss and find the resolve to get herself well again. But in the span of literally one week, everything deteriorated so fast I couldn't believe my eyes...

I woke up that morning with a resolve to hang myself with my belt when I got home from the gym. I walked in the door and first took off my belt. Where to do it? The doorknob was way too low and I didn't want to burden my lower body with that awkward angle. Ah!  Here we go! I tied a big knot in the end of the belt and shoved it in the door frame and made sure it would stay like that, grabbed a small stool and dragged it over. 

This is it. I finally had come to peace with my destiny. I could no longer run away from it. This was in my blood; in my DNA. Driven not by consciousness but by pure genetics. My mother tried to kill herself twice in the span of one year. Once with a gun (she shot herself in the stomach while she was 7 months pregnant with me and it almost killed me in the process) and the other with a handful of pills. I remembered the story of the second time she did it: her father found her on the kitchen table with the empty bottle near her hand. They rushed her to the hospital, pumped her stomach and as soon as she was well enough, threw her in the Psych ward for several days for observation.  I even reminisced about when I was 18 and was talking to her mother on AIM. At one point she was cross with me about driving to see one of my cousins whom I had only heard about in passing my whole life. It then escalated to her telling both my cousin and myself that she wanted to kill herself and that we wouldn't have to deal with her anymore.  I had a feeling she would not go through with it but still it gave me pause. Now I know where my mother got her suicidal tendencies from.

So now I wouldn't have to burden anyone with my mediocre life, of always trying to be someone I'm not. Of always having this lame part-time job, never being the big tough sonofabitch both my father and grandfather were, never getting to experience the joy of having someone fall in love with me and having friends and worthwhile life experiences. I would no longer be a disappointment to myself and others. I would finally be rid of it all. My grandfather used to say that people who were depressed and got help were weak. I didn't want to be weak. Not to him. But enough was enough.

I wrapped the belt around my neck while standing on the stool and kicked it away. As I hung there and things started to go numb and dark, a flicker of something in the lower part of my brain screamed at me... "WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING??" I then frantically reached for the stool before I could pass out and regained my footing.  I stood there gasping for air and finally realizing what I had tried to do. I cried for what seemed like an eternity until I had no more tears left. I took a few breaths, looked at the belt I had thrown to the floor, said to myself, "Well shit..." and made myself some breakfast and went about my day as if it had never happened. 

I wish I could say that I had had an epiphany and resolved to better myself for both my benefit and for my family. I wish I could be like alot of the others on here who have tried this and used it as a big wake up call to figure out what went wrong in their lives but in my case that is not so.  I am still quite morose, although I will not try anything like that again. I am still stuck in my shit job but I am trying my best to continue on with my hobbies, if for nothing else than to keep the bad thoughts away.  I am still very much alone and will always be so. I am finally coming to terms with that aspect of my life. I'm still a pretty lackluster individual and will always be one but still... With all that being said, I may not matter to anyone but myself but right now I'm all I've got left so I'll have to make the best of it.

I have no idea why I wrote all of this out. I guess it's just my way of telling someone that I'm still here and that I (hopefully) won't be going anywhere anytime soon. 