I have no reason not to die.Hello :) I'm glad this subreddit exists, thank you. I hope someone is willing to offer me advice.

I am 20 yr old female. I dropped out of high school and now work a restaurant job. I live many states away from my family and I have no one to talk to. I have moved every 5-6 months since I moved out. I have no friends by choice (I am actually good at talking to people but I isolate myself on purpose). I had a girlfriend but I broke up with her because I wanted to commit suicide and I don't want her involved.

I have tried to kill myself at least 5-6 times since I was 12 (to varying degrees of seriousness). Ended up in the hospital once for eating pills. I have not been in therapy and I don't want to be because I don't like sharing personal things (this post nonwithstanding lol). 

I feel at peace with dying. I feel like I have gotten all the crying and worry over with- like I had to grieve for my own death and the future I won't have and now I've accepted it but for some reason I'm still here and just kinda floating like a ghost for months. I often regret not killing myself when I had the will to do so. 

I have no motivation, goals, relationships or connections. i have avoided responsibilities/obligations for years because i feel like i mess up everything and everyone. anytime i care about something- i feel like a shitty person and hate myself. so i choose not to care about anything. i am basically invisible. i only have shallow acquaintances, no friends.

If it werent for my family I would be invisible and unconnected to everyone and I could just fade quietly without guilt. I hate knowing that they worry about me alone out here. I think, maybe if I were just to die they could grieve and then move on. They still have my sister and she is a much better daughter than me.

I feel like the only reason I'm alive is because I'm too lazy to actually commit suicide and I chicken out. Women (like me) are more likely to fail at suicide or use suicide as a cry for attention by using methods like pills (i have) and jumping off a bridge, while men are more likely to succeed with methods like shooting themselves in the head. I don't want to cause trouble for anyone, so next time I try to kill myself (if there is a next time), I will use a gun and make sure it works. Get it over with. Like tearing off a bandaid. 

Uh, yea. No one is going to read this long-ass post. So I guess I'm just gonna post it and then fade into the ether goodbye.