I'm patheticI know this is going to sound overly dramatic, but as someone who has considered suicide since they were 8 years old, I jump to "dramatic" conclusions quickly. I've been in college for approximately 2 weeks now and I've realized what a piece of fucking lower middle class garbage I am compared to everyone else. I come from a state in the tri-state area and moved to NY (manhattan specifically) for college (living in the dorms) Where I'm from there is no opportunity for someone like me because I am a creative, and if you werent a family friend of some rich Italian family who owned a pizza restaurant in my old town - then you were shit out of luck for any opportunity. Now I go to an art school because, believe me, I'm not capable of doing anything else. I am fucking stupid. And yes, it's expensive to be here. And yes, I got a significant amount of financial aid, and yes, it's still a lot of money. When I moved here, I didn't come with that much money. I've been very good at limiting what I spend, I only spend money on what I absolutely need. On top of college being a lot of money, everything here is also more costly. So money goes quick, even if it's only on essentials. 
Started my painting class yesterday and got handed out the long ass materials list and knew off the bat I couldn't afford all of this. My class is full of wealthy exchange students who went out and bought everything on the list without any worry of financial stability during our break time. I spent 6 hours in that fucking studio class thinking about how I'm going to get all this shit and afford food at the same time. I walked to an art supply store nearby and almost considered stealing some things - but I didn't. I left empty handed and feeling like shit. 
On top of school materials, I am practically wearing the same clothes every week because I have so few. I've resisted spending literally anything or going out anywhere if I can help it. 
I've heard a million different things about student loans and all that bullshit and my head still isn't completely wrapped around about what I have to do and where to do it to make my stupid fucking payments. Don't really want to think about it right now but I'll do it anyways. My parents are helping me out paying for tuition and shit but other than that I'm on my own.
I'm not going to kill myself right away but I would love to open my window and jump from 16 stories down onto the sidewalk and die. I am so fucking alone here and so fucking pathetic. Money doesnt buy happiness but it fucking controls everything that I can't afford. 
Fuck college fuck my painting class and fuck my stupid fucking life. I should have never been born.