Bury me 6 feet beneath the ground

College has completely ruined my mental health and made me super insecure about everything. And I'm at the point where I feel like I have to stay in school because I got a decent amount of loan debt to pay off, so I feel obligated to push through and get my degree. The sad thing is that I have to see all of my friends and people that are younger than me move on with their lives, and be actual functioning human beings in society.


I just wish that I didn't have to live inside my head all the time. I tried to tell my parents how I feel, but they tend to be kind of dismissive and I don't think that they fully understand that I feel like complete crap and a failure almost every single second of my existence.



And in the black community I feel like mental health isn't something that people don't  like to talk about because you have to always be strong and confident all the fucking time, that way of thinking is just toxic and counterintuitive. I've been to therapy, I take Zoloft, I've tried to do some lifestyle changes, but I feel like I'm still in the same same place, while everything is moving so fast  in life ya know.



Like what's even the point of living anymore. I'm just a huge waste of space. I lack focus, motivation, and dedication, so what's the point of trying. Why am I even on this earth anymore. Maybe I'm just coming to the realization that I'm not built to exist in this world. I wish I could just disappear and live near a national park or something, just so that I can be alone and not be a burden to all of my family and friends.



I've never really told anyone this, but I'm at the point where I don't believe that I'll make it to age 30 because I'm just so tired of it all. I'm 21 right now, so I have a few more years to try to improve, but I don't see it improving at all. I think it might be best for everyone in my life if I was dead, it would make everything less stressful. Sorry for telling yall about my sob story, but I just needed to get that off my chest, hopefully someone can relate to this.



God why am I such an idiot and a loser :(