I want to dieI want to preface this with a short history of my life. I was born into a middle class family with aunts and uncles and grandmas and grandpas all together in one place. I was energetic and full of life and showed intellectual promise. The first year of high school, I got straight A's, already had colleges looking at me, teachers telling me that the stories I wrote in English class had transcended anything they'd seen from any other students my age, science teachers all begging me to learn their trade (physics, geology, mathematics, etc.). Suddenly, 10th grade happened. I began to see the latent truth behind everyone's actions and words. This troubled me so much that I became reclusive, stopped doing my homework, stopped talking to people... I would just lie in bed for what felt like days at a time. Fast forward to graduation, I leave the place with the bare minimum credits, bare minimum gpa, nothing but a mangy certificate proving that I'd attended that place. No scholarships despite excellent promise, nothing. Later in life I realized that I really liked to play chess. I went to tournaments and I was good. I studied and I kept improving. I even won $7000 at one tournament. Then I hit 21 years of age and nothing had come from chess. No stable income. No one in my area played. So I had to look for a real job. Took me a full year, I'm 22 and despite what my earlier life had looked like, I'm working at a convenience store... All of my life I'd struggled with depression, but I always had some coping mechanism whether it be chess or school, just something to focus on. Right now, I have nothing. Nothing to stimulate me. I've been looking in the mirror and I realize why I get no attention from the ladies. I'm ugly and hairy and I have a cleft lip and my hairline is receding at the age of 22... I just hate myself for having screwed up everything in my life up to this point... I had some amazing girlfriends that I slowly and surely pushed away because I was too focused on trying to figure out why I was so damn unhappy. That $7000 I won? Yeah, I blew that in 6 months on nothing. My formerly beloved friends have transformed into mere characters in my life who seem to only like to ridicule me. My parents, who I live with by the way, do nothing but yell at me and criticize my every decision. My life is filled with people who make fun of me and tell me what to do. That's it. I recently found a girl and we started dating. Lasted for two months until I found out she cheated on me. Everything has just gone to shit and I'm ready to call it quits... I'm tired of being this ugly, misunderstood, ridiculed, bossed around, hairy little shell of a man that works at a mini mart and lives with his parents.