To end painI'll spare the novel of my past with a summation of my childhood.
My mother was a drug addict, and abused me and my other siblings as kids, both sexually and physically. I lost two younger siblings when I was younger to her negligence. I love my father very much for winning custody over me and my sister, and moving us.

Still, some things you don't get over. Suffice to say I have major trust issues and all my relationships with past girlfriends/lovers end poorly because sometimes I sabotage them. I know relationships can't last forever, that love always ends in tears.

As a victim of abuse I want control over things, now that I'm in charge of my own life. It's not always healthy, why else would I be here?

High school was unkind to me, as it is to most people, but I made two very good friends, two people that I know are responsible for me being here today. They saved my life before, though they don't know it. Helped me though my first suicidal depression. When my first real girlfriend, one I had for years, the first girl I ever slept with, left me out of the blue and wouldn't answer my calls/emails.

Collage was uneventful, as is my employment. Unless you count the other four failed attempts to get a lasting romantic relationship with the opposite gender.

The only thing I genuinely get exited about anymore is spending time with my two best friends, I love them more then what's left of my family sometimes. One is male, and due to his job no longer lives close enough to see outside of holidays/vacations, is happily married and has a kid to look after. The other is female, is always busy with work, and rarely has any free time.

I had a breakdown recently and called my female best friend, crying on the phone in the middle of the night. She went out of her way to help me out, drove to my house, and made me feel much better, and I must love her for that. 

For awhile, with her support and talking to my other friend on the phone I was able to more or less able to get back to normal.

But it didn't stick, and I'm feeling terrible again, and it's worse then before because I'm not talking to the two people I trust the most.
I'm not talking to anyone, and no one is talking to me because they have their own responsibilities, and are busy with the life they have chosen.

I just want to slip away, drive off with my rifle or pistol while everyone else gets on with their life. Find some place far off into the woods to end it, to get control once and for all. I've been a mess for a very long time, longer then some of you have been alive.

I don't know if I'm looking for help, or if this is just a way for me to say goodbye to someone, even if it isn't anyone I know.