I dont know why I botherI'm 22 now and ever since I was 16 probably I came to the realization that I was worthless. That was about the time I came out of my shell at school and started to be a little more confident. Turns out that people hated that part of me. Apparently what I thought was me coming out of my shell was apparently me just being an "annoying little shit". I had one really good friend in high school that I probably will really miss a whole lot because he is actually the best. But most of the people I hung out with made my life hell. Every recess/lunch every time I'd speak up I was told to shut up telling and given this stupid nickname which was "so funny". They called me "turdtool" which was such a great play on words because it sounded like turtle. I probably brought it on myself. I don't know I thought I was fine but I guess if everyone thought it was the case then I must just really be a little shit. It got worse whenever Harri went away for basketball or was sick that day. Harri was always the one person who was never mean to me even though I probably annoy him to. Whenever he wasn't there to back me up my "friends" would dump water on me or knock me around a lot as well as the constant insults. 

Family life wasn't a huge amount better. I have 7 siblings and it always seems like I am the one getting into fights and causing problems. It didn't matter who it was I'd probably fought a lot with them. Basically my family all thinks I am an immature troublemaker which gives me even more reason to think it would be better if I was gone.

 The best part of my life used to be work. I was happy at my casual job at KFC. I worked hard and I stayed quiet mostly. I even ended up being so good at my job that the store manager personally requested I became a manager (What a "great" achievement) but since the I have moved towns for uni and started at a new store. I don't really fit in here and I found out the other day was that I am one of the least favorite managers here because I am "not fun at all". 

I have no "real" friends in Newcastle. I still keep in touch with Harri but he is 500km away and we basically only talk when playing games. I thought I did but one of the people I thought was a good friend was talking to me the other day and told me that he wouldn't say that I am a "friend friend" and more just someone he plays games with.

One if the only reasons I am still here is Harri. Every day I think I annoy him more and more and I am just waiting for the time when he gets sick of me and wants to break off our friendship. I want to tell him all of this but I don't want to be a burden to him because he is great but super busy. He has a full time job and uni to deal with and that can't be easy for him. 

People always say that suicide is selfish because you are leaving so many people behind and they will all miss you. I doubt many people would miss me. My parents and siblings probably and then Harri. That's why I can't but it's so hard my parents are super critical of things I do and I just want to tell them to ease up a bit but they say they just want the best for me. I just don't want to keep fighting and I want it all to end. 

Sorry for this post. You guys probably don't really need to read it all anyways. I just needed to tell someone because it's eating away at me and I can't cope 