AFter almost a decade of being MIS"diagnosed" with "gender dysphoria", I ESCAPED THE LIBERAL FEMINIST NARRATIVEI posted a question in relationships subb in March 2018, it is deleted but when I wrote that post in March I had spent the last 9 years being diagnosed with "gender dysphoria" by what SEEMED like credible, qualified psychotherapists and doctors (psychiatrists) - all professionals with career experience who I had seen for at least a couple years each and with whom I had built up a rapport.

And they were prudent, careful, did not rush to diagnose. they are good people. I don't fault them for being BRAINWASHED by the LIBERAL FEMINIST NARRATIVE about "gender dysphoria" ("GD"). They had approved me for top surgery and hysterectomy but and I am so glad I did not go thru with those!! I had even been using a chest binder but in relationships several users said camouflaging breasts is an unhealthy coping mechanism for mental disorders so I stopped!

was planning to get an IUD to stop my periods but I decided not to do that, the proper experience of being female is to have periods and not to suppress NATURAL WOMANHOOD with POISON drugs and devices.

In the relationships thread consensus was that it's NOT "GD" and I took their advice to seek REAL therapy for BDD/DID/DPDR/BIID/OCD Unfortunately I have not been able to get a diagnosis yet after seeing several therapists in the last few months (since March) but I will keep trying, I will NEVER GIVE UP and NEVER GIVE INTO THE LIBERAL "GD" IDEAOLOGY

I'm paying for therapy out of pocket, but I can only afford that while I live with my parents. I'm 32 and living with my liberal fuckstain parents all so I can can afford therapy. But it's worth it. I'm at an all-time-low right now. I feel hopeless and truly suicidal for the first time since I was 24. At least then, I had hope. Now, no. I tried to commit myself to the hospital two nights ago but they let me go after  brief interview and because my brother said he will look after me to make sure I don't commit suicide, but he obviously can't do that.

**But I am FREE and I will NEVER GIVE IN.**