I can't do what I want toI don't know how I'm supposed to feel. 

I'm Asian, specifically Vietnamese. In my parents eyes, I used to be that perfect daughter because I was always doing great at school and had a decent behavior in front of adults. But a year ago they found out about me playing computer games and forbid me to play them because I would spend my time for nothing good. They didn't realize why I spend so much time on the Internet.

When I was younger I was passionate about drawing. My dream was to become a fashion designer. They crushed that childish dream of mine into dust by telling me that If I don't study for school, I will be kicked out from the house. At first I still drew, but only secretly so they wouldn't find out. Later they did and beat me up. I always wanted to hang out with my friends, but my mom never allowed me to go with anyone. Actually those two factors made me socially awkward person and addicted to "social network". I found some friends that live near me even though I hardly get to meet them, but they seem to understand it. My hobby is now journalism and writing fiction stories. My mom didn't find it harmful but she found me spending so much time on it and forbid to attend journalism classes.

As I once mentioned I good at studying. I always gets As and rarely anything else. Recently my grades have dropped but not by that much. Most of my grades are still As but there are more Bs than it used to be. My parents told me to stop studying if I find it hard and why do I even try to study so much when my grades are so low. It gives me so much of the pressure that makes me not concentrating on the exams and I end up with a B or A-. Which is never good for my parents. 

I think I've even gone crazy because it hurts me so much inside when they tell me I'm stupid and I'm not even worth in this family. I even thought about suicide when I lost my mind. It happens a lot actually. I sometimes can't think straight and I even told it about my parents. But they laughed it off and told me to study better or else I will really become crazy. I tried to talk out with them about how they pressure me but they always tell me that I'm the one who is under the pressure of myself.

I just wish to die because I can't see what's the point of living a life without a passion. I don't want to become a puppet of my own parents.