I'm honestly close to suicide and I have an entire plan too.I was going to do this on a throwaway because some people know my Reddit, but I decided fuck it because they probably don't care enough to check it.

I'm a little high/drunk(new medicine for unrelated problems makes me semi-high like laughy gas to combat pain) now, so sorry if any of this is disoriented or weird-sounding. 


I've been wanting to die for years now, but the past few weeks I've gotten serious about it. I have a plan. I have notes. I've always hated the idea of dying and leaving only one note because I have a lot I want to say to everyone before I die. So I wrote/am writing small notes to everyone. Problem is getting it to everyone, right? Well. I know what I need. The only thing I'm really missing right now is someone I can trust to not open a folder/box I give them with the note until a certain time and give them a note explaining that it was too late now to do anything, and that I just needed them to give these notes to the people they're for so I won't leave everyone without some last word to them.

I'm going to ask 3 people over the next two days if I can trust them to not open a folder cause it's a surprise and needed someone I trusted. I know that seems kinda selfish and wrong, but it's the best way to get the notes around without causing concern/getting someone who opens it anyways and tells someone before I get a chance.

Maybe one of them will agree to do it for me. Maybe none will. Either way I'm not sure how much longer I really can hold on. I feel like once I hear that someone I trust will hold it for me until a certain time, that'll give me the push to not hesitate anymore. The only reason I am hesitating is because I want to make sure everyone I know and love will get a last word from me. Other than that I'm ready.

About a year ago, on August 22nd, I took a bunch of pills. I went to the hospital. That was my first real suicide attempt.

This one will be second. And hopefully last. 


I'm not sure why I wrote this. Maybe to get out to someone, anyone, my plan? To see what people will say? 

I know I'm not posting looking for someone to try and help me. I know I do need some happy comments. But I think I really just wrote this to explain what my plan is before I actually put it into action. I've always been hard at keeping what I was gonna get someone/do something for someone a secret for long. I guess I just needed a way to get that out without someone close to me hearing about it before they should. Thank you for reading.

TL;DR: If it's too long, just don't read it. It's not worth it anyways. *I'm* not worth it anyways.