Broken heart.I don’t know where to start... I’ve been in a relationship with a girl for almost 3 years with plans to be married (we were engaged). I’ve always loved her more than myself and always tried my best to be the best I could for her. She’s so gorgeous and perfect in my eyes and yet, since the beginning she was always clawing away at me. I’ve always been super popular and I put away everything, even my opportunity for the naval academy to be with her because I was scared to lose her. However, the red flags were massive and she could never communicate due to childhood trauma. My emotions were always ignored and I never got reassurance. Every time I would ask for sex (that makes me feel terrible... consent is important yeah, but I was so deprived of affection I had to ASK), she would go “mmm, I dunno.” And leave it at that. I’ve been constantly dealing with ignored emotions, and recently instead of working on things like we promised, she’s been at some other guys house without checking her phone. I moved back into my mothers and I’ve been so fucking sad. I have been dealing with PTSD (from being raped as a child), BPD, major depression, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts. I don’t understand how she could tell me she loved me and let me sit here at night drowning in my feelings... my god I just want to overdose, or crash my car, or stab myself. I recently started cutting and I’m destroying myself. I can’t sleep, I can’t eat, I’m constantly being left alone. I felt like the world was trying to leave me hints that she’ll come back and things will get better, but she won’t even answer my phone calls.... do I have no worth???? I’ve always been told that I’m amazing and smart and attractive, but the woman I LOVE, abuses me mentally. It’s so hard to have to deal with alone and I just want to end it. So. Badly. I have no one.. I just want someone, to hold me, and give me warmth, love and lust... but even now I can’t fathom it. I’m cold, and wet, and I’m ready to end my life. I’m sorry mom. I’m sorry I only made it to 20 and fucked up everything... I’m sorry mom that I’m leaving you with my debt from the hospital for trying to kill myself. No one deserves to feel like this. So if you’re reading this, don’t do what I do. Please get help. 
Thank you.