I'll probably die cold and alone anyway...(English is not my first language)

23 years old male here

I don't even know why I'm posting this to be honest but let's give it a try anyway, what do I have to lose? Dignity? I don't think I have a shred of it left.

I've been diagnosed 3 years ago with severe Crohn's disease (I've had symptoms for years before without being able to put a word on it). I've had surgery a couple of times so far and my stomach is a mess of scars. I'm on immunosuppressive drugs, big time. Every time I take them I spend a couple of hours nauseating. I shit blood on a weekly basis, feel weak as an 80 years old and have a moderate case of arthritis. I have to spend at least 10 hours a day sleeping or I won't make it thru the whole day. My gastroenterologist knows about all of my side effects and yet has absolutely no plan of managing my physical pain. I'd change physician if I could but I live in a shitty province where there's only 4 of those specialist and he's the only one who's remotely close to where I live.

To add to all that crap I've never had an actual girlfriend and can't talk to a girl even if my life depended on it (and it probably does at this point). You could say I'm like Rahj in the big bang theory... Can't speak to an attractive women without being drunk (and drinking with the kind of meds I'm on is completely forbidden... tried it once and spent 15 minutes puking blood). 

The rare times a girl approaches me (happens... maybe once a year if i'm in luck), I stutter, look like a complete idiot and can't make a complete sentence for the life of me. 

I tried meeting girls online... When I do meet one, she usually runs away as soon as she hears about my medical condition (who could blame them)

I've been in mental hospitals twice so far because of my depression. Pills are far from even remotely lifting my mood and the few weeks i've seen a psychologist left me more depressed then when I came in.

I don't know what to do anymore, I cry myself to sleep every fucking night, have a hard time to keep a poker face at work and school.

What's in it for me in the future? More physical pain? More mental pain? Being fucking alone without a significant other to support me?

I'd rather just end it now. I feel cold, empty and haven't seen a light in the 23 years I've been walking on the god forsaken path that is my life(Atheist here. It's just a figure of speech, please don't try cheer me up with religious stuff)