legit a jokei tried to go back to class today. my grandfather died last week so i took last week off. i thought it was so selfish of me to not give a shit about my life while he was almost pleading to not die. today i realized that the desire itself is just stronger because i was jealous.

i tried my best to focus and listen and be attentive in class today. that's what everyone expects of me anyway. be a good girl and get the good grades by being a great student with a killer gpa. all my professors noticed that i wasnt even there. i'd just be completely zoned out thinking about killing myself for that entire 80 minutes and trying not to start crying in class.

it's just so loud and agressive im at my breaking point with trying to resist and save myself. people dont help. everyone is asking me for money when i dont have it because people only want me when they need something. no one checks on me either. ive told people that i was depressed and everyone takes me for a fucking joke and just disposable in general. maybe i am. i'd hoped before that i wasnt but i dont even feel that hope anymore.

i told my best friend that im depressed and she kinda brushed it off because she also is depressed but uses it for excuses a lot. her issues are always the center of the world. id rather not tell her i want to kill myself because shed try to coddle me and treat me like a baby and id actually hate that for some reason. the one person who knows most of the extent of suffering ive endured abandoned me after i told him things were bad for me and i couldn't handle that on top of wanting to kill myself. he lied to me anyway and just hurt the fuck out of me and i dont even think he realizes what kind of damage that did to me. and its not even just that. people only care for what they can show off. i just came back from studying abroad (failed and was suicidal the entire time) and all people can talk about is how skinny i got, completely ignoring how i even got to be that way via an eating disorder. my mother told me to never go back to how i was because this is how she's proud of me.

i tried to go see someone on campus about it all yesterday and i actually hated it. the intake forms stressed that i wanted to die and i basically wasted time by being there since nothing happened and i'll have to wait if i want another shitty appointment with stan. he wouldn't let me talk and tried to keep filling in the blanks but just kept reiterating that he admired my maturity and rationality but thats one of the things that ruined me in the end. he seemed so skeptical that i have to desire to die but i don't even think anyone who knew me would really get it since i come off as such a joke anyway. i cant even afford to be helped since i dont have insurance lol

i dont have a home or family that i can trust and if i do stay alive, i have to stay in school and persevere no matter what but i cant fucking do this anymore. i don't have much money, no one gives a shit about me apparently, im not doing well in school anymore, and i just dont even have anything to live for. i wouldve killed myself already today. i came home from class and sat on my couch and just cried for four hours. i still havent taken off my coat. i dont know how id kill myself which is the only thing thats stopping me. i cant hang off of anything because im too heavy, poisoning  wouldnt work, i dont have pills or a gun.

so im still here by unfortunate circumstances. but all i can so is think about blowing my brains out and crying until my swollen eyes just close for the night just hoping tomorrow will be the day it all ends by some stroke of luck.