on the verge of suicide!!!!! please help!!im currently on the verge of suicide. Sorry if my grammar and spelling is really bad but im crying and my heart is racing faster than I can type. I feel bad having to create a fake account just to let this out and dumping all this on you guys but I really need help. Im a 19 year old college student from Texas and my life has been absolutely shit the past few months. everything is a mess and nothing is going right in college I just failed my first class and my gpa dropped from a 3.0 to a 2.6 and I lost my scholarship and I cant afford the school im currently enrolled in so im thinking about transferring to a community college until I can get another scholarship. and a close friend of mines had given me 1k to hold for her but I had bills and rent to pay so I used the money and I thought I would have enough Time to pay her back but I worked a minimum wage job and not to mention I recently lost my job because the restaurant I worked at got closed and I cant find another job. and one of my closes friends from childhood was shot and killed a few weeks ago and my friends mom died 4 days ago and my aunt committed suicide about 3 month ago. I cant handle death so for everyone so close to me to die left and right is driving me to the edge. also my only friends aren't talking to me because yesterday I fell in a really depressive episode while we were out and they told me that I need to separate my personal problems from how I treat others and that I should have snapped out of it and socialize again instead of distanced myself. so not only am I not enrolled in a school yet, I'm thousands in debts because I toke out loans to pay for my car, I owe my friend a grand, everyone is dying, theres tooo much going on for me to handle my depression and anxiety is killing me, I can't and won't burden my family with this because they're going through enough hardship already. lastly with all this going on I went for a drive and I don't know how but my head wasn't there and I zoned out behind the wheel and hit a parked car I snapped back to reality and I was soo scared I checked the other car and it was fine but my car is messed up really bad and I drove off I didn't know what to do because Im driving without insurance. im a shiity human being who doesn't deserve to live but I swear months prier I was a happy full of joy and love teenager but like I haven't even been 19 for an entire month yet and I want to end my life so I guess this is like a suicide note my friends and family will never find but thank you for listening and reading through the bullshit and typos. I want to overcome this but I just cant I want to end it because I have never hit this rock bottom before but I also want to live because I have 6 siblings 18,16,14,11,9 and 2 months old. I have tried to commit suicide in the past when I was 17 it was bloody and horrific but I lived and seeing my friends and family broken hurt me. I really want help and to fight this but I don't know if you have any similar stories or advice please comment I need something to keep me afloat.