I'm still suicidalWe're wrapping up a family holiday, on a train back home. I've had an incredible time on this trip, I hiked a fairly difficult trail up Table Mountain, explored wine farms, went to the beach, and had a fantastic holiday all round. But as I was walking to the smoking section of the train I had the urge to open the door and jump out as another train was passing. At every. Fucking. Compartment.     



I was looking out the of the window lustfully, wondering how bad it'd hurt and if it'd be quick.
I've just had one of the best trips in a very long time, I've been extremely happy with my family, and I realised I'm still suicidal AF!     



What I don't get it how?? Why?! I've been going for therapy every single week for the past few months. I've been working through my issues. I have amazing support structures at home and at work which help me deal with the anxiety depression. I have an incredible family who I love very, very much and I still want to kill myself. Not a day goes by that I don't think about it.     


The only reason this incident stood out today is because I stood back and I was like "Holy fuck, no. That'd be awfully gruesome and my baby cousins and little brother are in this train too, so let's NOT think about that, shannibell"     

  
I just don't know what to do. I really thought therapy was helping. I adore my psychologist. He is the only doctor who's been able to help me over the years. He is the first person I've chosen for myself (My parents had sent me to countless psychologists and psychiatrists in my teens). After my attempt 2 years ago I was put on very heavy medication, which I stopped taking over a year ago, and I've been doing just fine - I've been going out more, I've become more active, I do things that make me happy and surround myself with incredible people. I landed my dream job and I'm doing spectacularly for a 21 year old - my life is basically perfect and I STILL feel this way?
I'M NOT EVEN SAD ANYMORE, I JUST FEEL NOTHING?     



And I think I may just do it one of these days. I don't even feel sad/weird typing that out?! Just a morbid excitement and relief.     


Please help. I don't want to hurt the people who love and care about me. I saw how it broke them when I had my attempt a while back. I just feel like it's the only option I have left.


**edit:** I posted this in /r/offmychest and didn't get any advice... I'm already back home (no longer stuck on the train) and I'm surrounded by friends and family for the festive season... but I STILL feel this way. What the fuck?