I'm tired of being crippled from birth, I'm about to fail college, I hate everything, and I'm typing this while on the toilet. It's time to die.I'll try and get to the point with this. I am afflicted with a genetic disorder known as Osteogenesis Imperfecta. Basically, my body doesn't produce bone collagen properly. This causes my bones to be weak enough so that I am unable to walk.

As I've gotten older (mid '20s) I've slowly realized that I will be unable to be satisfied with my life as long as I am physically disabled. This resentment has grown to the point that I find myself unable to care about anything. In fact, a part of me wants to make my life even worse because I feel that that is what I deserve. I see myself in the mirror and I can't recognize that thing that I'm looking at. I feel that my life has been stolen from me somehow. It's not logical but I hate thinking about anything that has occurred in my past. I've been adapting for all of my life and I'm tired of it.

My friends tell me that I'm an amazing person and that I'm an inspiration. I know that they're not lying but I don't feel that way at all. I give great advice on relationships and life decisions even though I couldn't get out of my own house until college. Yet the combination of my personality and compulsion to seek the truth at all times keeps me at the spectator level when I want to be the one doing things. I want to be an idiot while playing football without having to go to the hospital, I want to be the guy who has crazy stories with girls and lives to tell the tale. Instead I've been designated to always take the high road and be the better person in order to keep my friends and family together.

I'm tired of breaking bones due to stupid mistakes and then getting yelled at for it. I'm tired of trying to improve myself without getting any rewards out of it. I'm tired of living. It's time to die.

NOTE: sorry for the long rant. This doesn't make sense and I shouldn't waste everyone's time. Sorry.
