I'm loosing itI'll be turning 23 in a few months and even tho I'm in a good place right now ( Doing well in school,  I have a good paying job, and I'm finally getting into great shape and feeling more comfortable with my appearance)  I couldn't be more depressed. 
 Im bi (known I was bi since I was 12) and still in the closet kinda because as a Latino with an extremely old school family I know I'd probably be stoned to death if they ever found out,  but also because for the longest time I let my insecurities and self confidence issues get the better of me. Because of me hating how I looked I kept my head down and went through school without ever doing anything wild. I barely went to parties, I never experimented with anything, never got a girlfriend even tho a few girls did flirt with me,  and obviously never got a boyfriend either ( no matter how bad I wanted one). I have no stories to tell. 
As a boring 20 year old virgin the only thing that stopped me from offing myself was telling myself that I just had to keep pushing through,  get in shape and that then I would finally be confident enough to come out of the closet and maybe find someone.  2 years later I'm in shape and yea sure I like how I look but i still cant come out. The other day I was at a restaurant with friends and some ridiculously hot waiter came up to our table and started to flirt with me and I just acted normal and non interested until he left. Wtf is wrong with me? Now not only do I hate myself for wasting the best years of my life cause I didn't think I was good enough, but I hate myself for being such a fucking disappointment. I want a redo. Anyone here bekieve in reincarnation? What're the chances that if I die I can come back as another gay kid but this time with 150% less issues? If its higher then 1 I'll take it. What would be the quickest less messy way to go about it? 


I may be coming off a bit over dramatic but what I stated above isn't everything that's wrong with me and why I want to start over I just don't want to get overly into my anxiety, the multiple times I've had to go to psychs either because I was molested, or because my dad tried beat the living shit out of me when I was a kid cause he was bipolar, or because I had to explain over and over what it was like watching one of my closest friends in high school get their throat cut open and helplessly watched him bleed out while ambulances took forever to come,  amongst a plethora of other things.  Don't judge me fuck this life.