After everything that's happened this year I just want to end it allJanuary - my alcoholic flatmate drives me out of my flat with his behaviour after 5 months.

February - I move in with my girlfriend, it's her decision, though I'm iffy. Flatmate empties my flat and steals everything I hadn't already taken with me. Clothes, kitchen equipment, bedsheets, instruments, personal property.

March - I visit my best friend at uni. She refuses to speak to me, abandons me in a strange city at 3 am and literally beats me, because she's jealous that I have a gf who isn't her. There's never been a hint in the 3 years I've known her. There's a serious fuck up that causes me and my gf to be without money for 2 weeks. We scrape by. It was completely out of our control. We do get backpaid though.

April - I lose my job. Ex-best friend has told a lot of my social circle a very one sided story, few of them are speaking to me now at all. Depression's set in heavily and I can't bring myself to try and fix it.

May - The pressure of moving in together, the difficulties with money and outside influences on our personal lives have driven me and my girlfriend apart. We spend two days together where we don't leave bed, attempting to figure out where we're going. The answer ends up being nowhere.

I have nowhere to live. No job. No savings. No friends. I'm in a city with no family, where I originally moved for work. I can't find a place to live. I'm desperately searching for work.

In the meantime I'm still living with my ex, who has been reasonably and understanding, but this whole thing is killing me. I'm completely in love with her. I can't share a bed with her platonically. I can't go on knowing I'm not the one for her and, worse, that she's getting back with her abusive ex.

I've managed to lose everything in just five months. I have to my name exactly £40, about half my clothes and this computer. A small collection of books, dvds and games as well. What's the point? What's the actual point?

I was happy and thought I had everything worked out. I thought I was finally getting somewhere. Now it all just gets ripped out from under me. I couldn't have stopped any of this. I did my best. I tried so fucking hard to be good enough.

It's been over three years since I last had a suicide attempt or self harmed. I really thought I was going to make it. I thought I would get to be happy. Now I'm sitting here and I just want to die. It's been two weeks since the breakup now, at first I was just numb. A couple of times I came closing to breaking down but held it all together. It's getting worse though. It's all sinking in. I don't know what to do. I'm trying so hard. I've applied for so many houses and jobs and I'm past desperate.

I tried. I fucking tried. I tried more than I ever have in my life. For nothing. All I can think of right now is going to the kitchen and taking up self harm again. But I don't think I'd stop.

I have no one. Nothing. No one to turn to. I don't know what to do. I fucked up. I don't know how. It's all just gone wrong.

Please, someone, anyone, I don't know what to do. I'm barely holding on.