I almost outed myself last fridayHi, i just wanted to share a story about what transpired this weekend.. sorry for all the grammar and bad english, i am also on the phone so its hard to type and all that.

I was a student at a private med school in the pharmacy technician program, friday was my supposed last day in the program before i go to my clinicals.. i just had to take one last test and everything is ready.. around this time i got called by the associate director and explained everything to me what happened and that i was getting terminated from the program. I am in debt, no job.. i just wanted to end it, i was too ashame of myself to tell my mom and my sister about everything that had happened.. so i decided to go buy a rope and just end all the pain. After that day i took a nap just being exhausted from it all.. i was too scared to do it at home, i couldn't do it at home knowing the horror my nephew and my sister would see as soon as she gets home, another reason is that i couldn't do it at home because the place was too small considering im 6 feet and i can touch the ceiling.. so i decided to drive around and look for a remote and dark place that night.. as i was tying the rope a few people were walking by and saw what i was about to do.. so i ran away, got back in my car, drove off and started breaking down. I went home after all that and decided to look for other methods that i can do but all methods seemed too inefficient. So through out the whole weekend i just kept looking for ways to do it but couldn't.. today.. monday i called my mother, i broke down in tears talking to her about everything, she and along with some family members drove 2 hours just to pick me up and give me support.. i packed up all my stuff and decided i want to go back home.. i was able to talk to a couple of classmates that i hung out with during my time in the program, they told me that i am not alone, that they are here for me, that we are not just classmates, that we are "homies".. it helped me realized that i have people who can support me through out this whole ordeal.. right now i am with my family about to head back home.

I dont know what to make up of all this but i just wanted to share it, and i just wanted to let people who ever thought of committing such a thing that there are always people out there you can talk to, even if that someone is just a friend online or talk to professional help, give them a call.. talk to them about it, get it off your chest.. thank you for reading if you did do so..