Why is it worth living?Good evening everyone. I'm not sure this is the correct place to post this but oh well.

20 M here, have had suicidal thoughts since age 16 or so but never actually did anything.

I'm writing this because despite not thinking about killing myself in the near future, I don't like living: I find it boring, there is nothing I personally enjoy and seeing people around me depresses me even more. Luckily enough, I was blessed with a good family and never had any notable problems such as trouble with school, trauma or social problems. Despite my thoughts being there for a while, I have never told anyone about it apart a teacher I was familiar with, because I do not want to hurt the ones that love me. I don't think therapy of any kind would help me though, but I haven't tried yet. 

Now to the point: why do I need to live? I don't like anything I do, have done, or will do (at least what I have thought about). I hate certain things, like school, but even stuff I don't necessarily hate, like spending times with loved ones, is boring and pointless. As I grow older, I feel trouble will just keep coming with having to be financially independent and all, and I don't want to live to pay taxes on and on when I have nothing I truly live for. 

I don't know if it's normal, or I'm just over-sensitive but when I start thinking about my future I just end up crying because I just don't want to live and want to end my life. In front of others, I always put up a fake smile and invent some random garbage of what a go-to job and life would be so that people don't look at me weirdly and just move on. I'm tired of that.

Recently the thoughts have become stronger as I have been spending some evenings on the roof with the idea yet impossibility because I'm weak. Anyone has had this situation? I've tried setting goals and stuff but nothing gives me the will to live. Please give me ideas, otherwise I would also appreciate ideas regarding painless ways to go out for the future. 

Thank you for taking the time.