Like, I need a reason to live... As it is now death would be so much easier to avoid all this bullshit :(Go to an indoctrination program with shitty curriculum that does disproportionate harm to good, go to college because you have no fucking choice so that you can spend huge chunks of your life in the world of college debt enslavement that is backed by a culture that blindly approves of culture (and stigmatizes it's rejectors), all so that you (not to imply at all that a college degree guarantees it) can forcibly expend dozens of hours a week for the concluding 4-6 decades of your life crushing your soul at a job you hate going to just so that you can afford to finance the bedrock of a life that'll be dominated by you working...

The world of wage slavery...

I've begun not to hate life, but to determine that I have no reason to live. I used to think "fuck life", but I now think "might as well die, no benefit". I hate work. Work is killing me. If my office sold instantly fatal pills........................

Every day, I return home from work devoid of any spirit or life. I engage in pathetic escapism to keep myself sane -- but it's superficial stuff like video games and entertainment. It keeps my mind off of it for a while, but it isn't permanent and as the toll of work grows on me it isn't going to keep me alive.

And I'm not having any kids. Not only do I know that I am not nearly of the responsibility/confidence needed to have kids (I can't take care of myself so why a kid), but I, at least if I wasn't without a secure income, would NEVER want a human being to grow up in this world. This world is shit -- I hate life, I never chose to be born, and in my personal mind (I would never impose this or this idea on others) I'd be committing a morally juvious act by forcing another life into this world. (Once again, I am not trying to impose this ideas on others, I respect others' right to have kids and this is solely the result of my ideas, circumstances and biases). In other words: Distaste of Life + Unstable Life = No Kids for Me.

I frankly have concluded that suicide would be an easier choice. If I live, I, unless I want to be trapped in poverty, will be forced to tirelessly work. An aromantic (the thought of romance is just unappealing to me) and not with any plans to have any kids,  I don't have any natural reasons to live for. I'm not going to spend the next 5 decades of my life tirelessly working so that I can live a life of hedonism.

My basic conclusion as of this quarter-life crisis is this: "Life may be manageable, reasoned or worth it for others, but it isn't for me". Most people have something (be it surviving family members or their own kids) to live for, but I can't accept that. I am not the type of person who can cope with stress and pressure too well, and in this world of wage slavery that I almost certainly will not see the end of, I won't like it. I know, no one likes wage slavery, but I can't deal with it (even if the rest of you can).

Like, I can't stand life, it's fucking relentlessly difficult bullshit, I don't subscribe to any religions so I'm convinced that death is an eternal sleep that has no benefits/drawbacks... Like WHY IN THE WORLD SHOULDN'T I GRANT MY SOUL AN ETERNAL REST?!?!?!?!?

Okay, on a more sane note... anyone have any words? Believe it or not, part of me wants to live, but I need a reason or a motivator, and I can't find one.

Any help? Thanks for reading and replying.