Not suicidal yet, but I'm taking baby steps.  I'm too poor to buy groceries so I have to ~~steal~~ get food from my workplace everyday, I'm uninsured and buying prescription medication from out of pocket, my father is struggling to keep me in school while my mom lulz at our struggle and pretends we're rich, 90% of my paychecks go to tuition to get student debt sharks off of my back so I won't get kicked out of my classes

Oh ya. I'm also transgendered which throws in a whole new sled of problems.

I've been on HRT for just over a year and even though my body has adapted really well, my face still holds the everpresent hold of strong masculinity. I used to play a game where I would walk into a large audience of people and see how many people had a bigger nose or a bigger brow than me. Usually I would come out in first but every blue moon there would be some poor sap who is worse off than me. I would just love to save up for FFS to take strides for helping myself but the price is too damn high for everything I would need and it's looking like it will take 10-15 years after graduation to pay off my student debt ***IF*** I get a decent paying job right out of school and then probably 5-10 years to save up for decent surgery. 

When I'm dressed up and got my makeup on, it's like I see myself for the first time. I don't have to look through my reflection to see myself anymore. When I have to take it all off, I can still see myself a little bit but it wares off after a few days until I have the chance to dress up and go out again. I'm currently 21 and I don't want to have to wait until I'm 40 until I can feel at peace with my own reflection. I want to be able to just wake up in the morning, look at myself, and not feel like complete shit. 

My mother has currently started going on a religious crusade against my "life choices". The conversations usually end with her crying and wondering where she went wrong raising me but have no fear because we'll have the exact same conversation in a few weeks. The. Exact. Same. Seriously, I think I need to print out a FAQ for her and tape it on her mirror. I honestly think she would kill me herself but she's too afraid of God and the social stigma that would follow her around for the rest of her life. 

My friends aren't who they say they are. I've been through everything with this group of people. We've survived things and accumulated enough stories to tell a bedtime story to our grandchildren every night and never run out of new material. However, when it comes time to be honest and say what I really am: "Oh that's cool man, we've still got your back." Give it a few weeks and they're gone. . . Not *gone* gone but it isn't the same *at all*. I'm now that "friend" who sits in her room on a Saturday night and then wants to find out what everyone is doing just to figure out that they've all left for a night on the town an hour ago. I was one of the first people they used to ask about that stuff but now they've gone cold on me. I have to figure out what is going on in their lives through facebook posts and stories on hazy Sunday morning. A few friends have decided that I'm not a threat to their heterosexuality and decided to stick around but their allegiance still falls with the majority in a time of crisis. Since they are the "talk behind someone's back and sabotage" sort rather than the "deal with something upfront" sort I usually have to figure out what their thoughts and opinions of me are through rhetorical chess games and ninja skills. They do this every year to someone either in or out of the group and it's always felt like a giant circlejerk-hivemind and now I'm the next target on their shitlist. 

My dad is cool with my transition and I can honestly say he is the only person I've ever known who I've had an unconditional relationship with but he's slowly losing his mind/body though Alzheimer's so there isn't much to go into on that. He'll probably live 10 more years tops. 

I'm trying to branch out but with work, school, no money, and no vehicle it's pretty much impossible. Plus I'm in my last semester, so it's not like I really have time to make an impression anyway. 

I used to never even toy with my thoughts of suicide when I was younger, even  though they did pop up frequently and especially during my extreme dysphoric years of puberty. I don't know if it was religion or just raw stupidity that kept me grounded (barely) but I ended up making it. It wasn't until later in high school when I actually saw suicide as more than just an idea but an actual option. Skipping some context, I lived and I ~~got better~~ survived. That seems to be a lot of what I'm doing lately, just surviving. Back then, I had something to fight for. I fought for a hopeful day in the future where it would "get better" and I could just be myself and be surrounded by a supporting community. Now I'm in my last leg of college and it's  still shit. I can't help but just think that this is how it's going to be for the rest of my life. Just a struggle from day-to-day trying to just survive. Yes, I don't want that, but so many people said college was a place where "it gets better" and I'm still not seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. 

I've been getting more frequent episodes of suicidal thoughts recently. I know my life isn't as hard as others out there but when weighing the options of my future, it seems brighter and brighter. I mean, my friends and mother are already emotionally detached from me, my father probably won't remember in a year or two, my family that I'm out to seem to think I'm riding the fence anyway, and I'm not tied down to anything that is dependent on me. I mean ya, the bankers would probably be pissed that they wouldn't get a return on all of those loans but screw them anyway, right? Now would be the perfect time to commit suicide if I wanted to. 

How I used to never even play with the thoughts, I find myself googling dosages of opium, gas cylinders of Carbon Monoxide, and anatomy of the brain to where the bullet has a full chance of hitting everything important. I've crossed over into new territories I've never investigated before and. . . I don't know. I mean, I tell myself that I'm just toying with the thoughts but it's getting deeper and deeper. 

I'm just sick of it all. I've had an eventful life so far and not a lot of it has been great. Do I really have to put out for another 60+ years if it isn't going to get better? If the end result is nonexistence anyway, why go through all of the pain and struggle just to get there? 



