They are killing me daily...not sure where to postI have no one to reach out to and I honestly did not want to post here, but this is my last cry for help. I am a 36 year old female in the St. Louis area. If you have been here or visited,  perhaps you've felt the misery. Forget all of that and I could tell you so many screwed up things that have happened to me, but right now we are here. What I write may be the last time I ever....I almost wonder if 4chan would be better to write this on.  People cheering me on to end my life. 

I am ill with over exposure to mold. Add that to the health issues I had prior moving into this place in 2013. I am disabled and living here has pushed me. I asked the landlord if any water damage occured here prior to me moving in.  She said none.  I saw nothing odd and of course smelled fresh paint...nothing more or less.  After a week of being here,  I noticed water on the floor panels. Landlord had someone replace them and said I have no idea what that is about. The sliding glass door is broken and the home cannot be properly secured,  so rental insurance is not an option. This part will come in handy later. Over the 3 years of being here,  we have had at least 10 leaks that were fixed but mold left. At first my allergies just flared and I would sneeze or whatever. Now,  nowwww...after being told a new roof would be put on this place since February 2016, it has not happened. With all the rain,  we have leaks in our ceiling with black and green mold with a horrific smell that burns your nose and lungs.  I had to begin taking 3 24 hour Clariton a day and I never needed an inhaler prior to here.  Now I have to use one and none of this really works. I am itchy,  my hair is falling out,  I have found a lump in my breast,  one of our cats died of Cancer just out of the blue...he was healthy prior to. They want rent but will not fix anything. I have nowhere to go,  no friends or family to stay with and no help. I only get 733.00 a month and I don't know if you have seen lately,  but people are asking for 850.00 on a one bedroom in even the bad parts here. There are NO mold laws in this state and it just so happens where I live,  no health dpt either.  No one and I mean no one will help me.  I am already dying from living here,  it is obviously also making me severly depressed because I am sicker than ever and cannot live. My boyfriend is here too and we split expenses. He is an Army veteran,  was in the military 9 years and helped fight a greedy war all to get sh*t on,  because trust me...the VA is of no help unless you have outstanding credit.  He works 3rd shift EVERY SINGLE DAY. We need out of here ASAP but we cannot pay the rent here and have enough to get a new place...if we can even find one.  We have been bullied by the landlords and lied to for this long and I am going to die here. His health is suffering as well. I have had my normal blood work done,  as usual it just came back with high white blood cell count...yet they do not investigate. I have been through hell and back and you only know of what I am telling you now.  The rest is just too long and has nothing to do with poisonous mold,  but it took a toll on me mentally. There really seems no way out of this. Slowly die or take my life is where I am at.  It is going to rain more soon and it will just keep getting worse.  No one comes to even look at the damage...nothing!!!!!! I have pics but I can't capture the horrific smell. The owner of these rentals is notorious for not allowing maintenance to fix anything,  because he does not want to pay for it. He is a millionaire though,  so I am sure his air quality is excellent and he sleeps just fine at night. Well I am tired of it.  I am not living and as I type this,  and the ac is on blowing the smell around.  It is awful. With the hair loss,  which is a symptom of mold toxicity and No it is not my thyroid...had it checked,  I am embarrassed as hell. I wonder if I should just shave it now. I am disgusted.  The other day when it rained,  there was literally a waterfall going down our wall in the living room.  Outlets getting wet,  right next to all of our electronics and part of our couch.  Remember,  I told you we cannot get renters insurance because of the door they won't fix either.  They claimed they ordered it,  but 3 years it hasn't been fixed.  It leaks too. So not only is our health being taken,  our things are too. 

I am sorry for how long and stupid this is.  As I said,  I am alone on this.  I am stuck.  I am already dead.  Justice does not exist and since everyone is so racially bent out of shape here... I AM A WHITE FEMALE.  Race does not f****** matter,  this is health. &lt;-I was asked where I posted this before why I said it and all I can say is... Here, it seems as though you have to always specify. I've lived in other states and this one really takes the shit cake. Anyway,  I doubt I will stay alive for the fact that as I said before... I am dead already here.  I have two cats that I worry about too,  especially after the loss of the other.  This place is sickening and the injustice is the same.  So maybe this is my suicide letter.  A s***** one with errors and not even getting to tell my whole entire story. I have just begged and begged and PLEADED for help with the landlord and nothing. F*** this. What a waste...