Severe depersonalization, anxiety, depressionWell here goes my story. I have been depressed for most of my teen/adult life. My family always tells me about how i used to be such a uplifting and joyful kid. Well those days are over. After finishing school i spiraled down into a deep hole. Depression or the feelings of emptyness was no longer the only thing i felt - anxiety came into my life. And boy that feelings sucks even more than feeling nothing at all. It's just so overwhelming. I have severe issues with my ego that all started very early in school. There is this constant negative self talk going on in my brain that I have absolutely no control over. Mind you its not this melodramatic "Im just too shit to do anything and nobody will love me" No. It's like my brain is smarter than that and tries to form thoughts that truly hurt me like thinking about obvious flaws in my apperance plus how superficial society is plus the first impression is always the most important. Makes me think i look like a fool to literally everyone that sees me. My brain does this 24/7 if i dont use energy to try to break through that thought pattern. That is so exhausting. And i think that's where my depersonalization started. I am living in my head 24/7 i research stuff on the internet i have this permanent feeling of carrying some sort of physical illness inside me that i have to diagnose and get rid of and i just don't know what's real anymore everything seems so vague. On one hand i feel like this depression is like a veil that has been lifted and i get to see all the fucked up stuff on the other hand i feel so fucking disconnected from everything. I forgot how to behave in social situations i forgot how to look people in the eyes i forgot how to just chill out for a moment. So basically im trying to stay alive everday for now and i feel like shit for not having any real goals for not making any progress in my career and just living in my toxic behaviour patterns and fucked up schleep scheduele. I mean i know my memory is bad but i kinda forgot who i am and what people used to like me for if they even liked me. I need to find myself before i can deal with other people. I recently more or less stopped eating i feel totally isolated and disconnected from society. It just seems to get worse and worse, i can't fight my brain 24/7 and live a normal life. And even if i could i would not be happy and that's all my family wants to see which makes me feel like an absolute piece of shit. Idk im usually not the person to post this online and i dont know why im doing it i just had to type this shit out maybe someone can relate tho that hardly helps i guess. I really dont know if any of this makes sense to anyone and my writing prolly sucks 