Closet SuicidalI’ve been suicidal on and off throughout my life. I’m one of those smiley depressed/suicidal types so not even my partner of 12+ years really knows. He’d probably be completely shocked. I’m successful professionally, have a great personality (not very look-at-me but generally pretty social and quick to laugh), etc.

The last time I really outwardly struggled was when I was a teenager. In my early twenties, I became severely depressed and suicidal, but we were too young and drunk for him to really know what was going on other than thinking I was really lazy and messy all the time. After that, I was always able to be depressed and suicidal almost exclusively inwardly and without many outward symptoms.

We’ve had a baby who just turned a year, and honestly I think I’m the lowest I’ve ever been in my adult life. It’s starting to show, but mostly as new-mom-frustration, not depression. My husband mostly just finds me annoying when I’m like this.

I tried going to therapy the other week, but I mostly smiled the whole time and made light of everything. I didn’t even tell her I was depressed or suicidal. I just talked about all the stressors in my life and she actually complemented me on how together I was despite it all (I’ve got a lot of family drama going on right now that I won’t get into).

I just can’t get myself to admit feelings anymore, not even to myself. Honestly its sometimes difficult to feel my own feelings. I think I’ve numbed them out a lot over the years.

When I do feel, I just think about suicide and how I should have just done it before I had my daughter because of the traumatic effect suicide has on children. I will never tell her about my suicidal thoughts because my mom was constantly talking about suicide when I was a little kid. To this day, whenever she gets upset she talks about not wanting to live because I’ve done this or that. I never want to do that to my daughter.

Not that I would ever tell anyone outside of anonymity, but I almost regret having my daughter because now I can’t kill myself anymore.

I just wish I could get myself to talk to someone. I feel very alone. Today I just really wish I could end it but I could never leave my daughter to be raised by whoever while my husband has to work all the time.