Why do I want to kill myself?I had a pretty good 2018. I had a loving girlfriend which was the best thing that’s happened to me. I was in my final year of school and school captain, had great friends around me and lots of support, overall I was doing well. At times I felt depressed and more often towards the end of the year I started to feel suicidal, I wasn’t sure why.

Skip forward to November, I hadn’t received my results yet but I’m moving interstate for Uni. My girlfriend decided it wouldn’t work (I guess i can’t blame her). Two days later she had already gotten with another guy and maybe even more that weekend. I felt horrible and all my thoughts came back and I cried so much and wanted to kill myself with even more eagerness than before.

Seeing her live a new life and not care about me is so hard, I wanted to be with her for so long but she doesn’t care about it anymore, seeing her be with other guys is heartbreaking.

I’m moving interstate in just over a month and now I have to live with an emptiness in my body knowing that my time at home is worthless, I have nothing to live for here and feel like I have a collapsed friendship now school is over. I really wish I would just go to bed and not wake up, I want to die but I don’t have the balls to kill myself.

The only person who knows about my thoughts of depression and suicide is my now ex-girlfriend, who I told shortly after we broke up, as I believed she deserved to know considering I kept everyone anonymous to it.

I’m sorry for the long post but has anyone else felt like this? Feel like you have a great life but for some reason feel so shit. I’ve been told things will be better once I move but i’m in doubt. I’m just going to miss her more because I will be there alone with not many people I know well, and I know she will be back home having the best time without me. Please has anyone else felt like this or been in a similar situation? I’m running out of ways to cope and I know it has the possibility to get worse and I might take that final step.