I don't really know why I'm staying alive.Hey guys, I just feel like I can't deal with it anymore. I'm kind of ruining my own life. 

Theoretically I should be happy. I have a loving family, I grew up pretty wealthy and I'm acing one of the best highschools in my country without really doing anything. 

In primary school I was pretty popular and I had tons of friends. In secondary however I was pretty much bullied for four years straight by my entire class, because I was kind of emotionally underdeveloped. They pretty much ruined any self confidence I ever had. I learnt to deal with it by just developing an extremely self deprecating humor.

In Highschool now I don't really have any friends. I hang out with a few people and play some games and dnd with them, but I can't really call them friends, because I honestly don't believe they would give a single fuck if I died right now. My biggest problem however is that it's pretty much impossible for me to ever get a girlfriend. I am 18 damn years old and haven't even held hands with anyone. I know that I am ugly and enough people have already confirmed that. I'm also chubby and way too lazy to work out, and it also wouldn't change anything about my face. I don't have any enthusiasm for anything. I can't concentrate on anything. I haven't had a hobby in years. Even though I want to socialise, every time I get invited to a party I find some dumb excuse because of my dumbass anxiety. So all I do is stay at home and look at stuff on the internet, sleep and smoke weed on the weekend. Everything I do is just self-destructive. I can't really talk to girls at all without being awkward as fuck, I probably couldn't hold a conversation for longer than a few minutes. Whenever I have a crush on a girl it becomes impossible for me to even look at her. All I ever wanted was for someone to unconditionally love me, but I'm also sure that I will never get into a normal relationship like others. And I'm not blaming anyone else for that, I wouldn't wanna date me either. The older I get the weirder I'll become for not having any social experience at all. I don't even know how I would go about meeting someone as I feel really uncomfortable at parties with a lot of people.

In two years I'm gonna go to college and I'll probably isolate myself even more. And with my absolute lack of any motivation I'll probably end up dropping out.

Next year I'll have a year of military duty and I'll be given a gun to keep, which would make ending it pretty easy. I just don't see the point in living for another 60 years without love and while working my ass off for 40 years. I hate myself for not being happy and everything I am. I wish I could give my life to anybody who's dying and who'd appreciate life so much more than I do.

I don't even know why I'm writing this here, but thanks for reading I guess.