Why shouldn't I kill myselfI'm getting so close to snapping. I don't have anyone in my life, I'm distant from my entire family, and it feels like everyone would prefer it if I was dead. My family hates me and so does everyone else. The loneliness is so utterly painful. I have nobody to talk to about anything so I just do it all online anonymously. I post so much on reddit that it makes me feel pathetic. I've lived so many years of my life full of myself but I'm starting to come off my high horse and I'm coming off of it hard. 

Nothing interests me and it seems like I just do things cause that's what I gotta do. I really don't want to have to work for the rest of my life. The thought of that sucks so much. 

I'm so afraid of everyone. My social anxiety is debilitating. I hate being in a room because it feels like everyone is glaring at me and judging me. I over think everything in general and my anxiety gets so intense I have to fight it away with distractions and this keeps me from working or doing anything else. I'm a maladaptive daydreamer and I've spent *years* just laying in my bed and dreaming. This is not an exaggeration. I haven't done so many things and I've just daydreamed them instead. So pathetic. 

I could never build another connection with a human being. I will never feel close to another human being. They're so distant from me and I bring everyone down. It's like I'm on the outside of the world looking in. I'm so fucking lonely, guys. So, so lonely. 

I did horrible in school starting in eighth grade. Just sat in my room and never did work. Never even got a job or did volunteer service or hung out with friends once (it's been a good 8 years or so of this now) because I don't have friends. I have nobody on this earth goddammit I am so alone I just submitted mediocre college apps because I'm such a loser pos and I'll probably end up working a dead end job I hate just like everyone else in my whole family and fuck I hate the thought of that so much I don't want to work a horrible miserable job for the rest of my life. I don't want to go to community college. I want out of this fucking city. I want to run away and start completely over. I want to be a completely and totally different human being. I don't want to be me anymore. 

I was addicted to video games for so many years and lost so many experiences to them

There are guns in my house and I think I might kill myself this weekend. If I can't find the guns I'm going to go out and buy the strongest sleeping pills I can and the sturdiest rope I can and I'll do it that way. I'm done. I'm a fucking poison on this earth and I'm fucking done. I'm gonna stop now. Can't read my screen through these tears and I'm starting to shake

 my problems are infantile and stupid and I'm a whiny needy entitled bitch. why do I even bother posting here this stuff never helps. Nobody cares nobody ever cares. Yeah I'm leaving as soon as I'm home alone tomorrow or the next day. Goodbye everyone. Sorry. I'll write my note tonight