I don't know even know why I'm still here. Love and hateIt all started in January last year. I met this American girl online through mutual online friends on ps4. Things went fast and we became more than freinds. Stuff happened sexually within the first week and carried on for about 4 weeks (I always had suspicion she was lying about her age but I was always reassured by freinds and other people she knew) I'm 21 but then I found out she was 13 (birth was 16 November 2002) there was an argument but after a few days of talking we decided that we could be freinds as we both were helping each other through things (she suffered from depression, anxiety and bipolar which made it sort of understandable as to why she lied about her age to everyone, even to her freinds which she had known for a few years) we kept what we had did silent but a few people knew. Unfortunately these people decided to tell people. We had arguments a then somehow more sexual contact had happened and I don't know how or why even though we both knew our ages this happened a couple times. But then another argument and she threatened to get the police on me and called me a paedophile so I sort of panicked and released screenshots of convos (sexting etc which I know is illegal) but I released them cos I was angry and scared and to prove that she was the original instigator in our sexual contact. But it only gotten worse from that. She started receiving death threats and i told her to go to the police but she wouldn't. Then I started to receive death threats (I still do to this day) then the worst happened. People from her school found out and started to bully her to the point that she got really deep into depression and so did I. I eventually couldn't take much more and took some tablets but it wasn't enough. I was bed ridden for 3 days, but then she found out and thought that I was maybe dead and she got scared and it got to the point where I think she actually did it cos no one heard from her after that.

I want to go to the police but they already got involved and won't help, I've even got in contact with the police over there in usa (manassas city) but they don't care or don't believe me

Fast forward a few months and I got really bad, it was always on my mind and I always was ready to do it, plans and everything. But I tried to talk to my close freinds. People I had known for 7 or 8 years and I told them the full story when we were at the pub. But then a few days later I got a message from one or them saying the other 2 are going to betray me and get the police on me for doing things with a 13 year old 

I panicked but somehow I was already ready to do it so I did again. 32 tablets, paracetamol, and full bottle of jaeger. I was in hospital, police interview but I lied a bit to the police cos I was frightened and still am.

I go everyday waking up just thinking about it and her and it's the last thought on my head. Sometimes I feel like just walking into the police station, or just jumping into front of a tram. One day it could go either way and I'm scared