best friend says if i killed myself he’d do the samehe is the most important person in the world to me and has been forever. i think a lot of people abuse the term “best friend.” i love him more than anyone, he’s my soulmate, and he always says the same of me. we’ve talked for hours almost every day (besides some petty fights and hospital stays) since we were 14, despite us being internet friends living across the country.

we’ve both struggled pretty intensely with suicide, but he doesn’t anymore after going on klonopin and getting a good therapist. no amount of medication or therapy has helped me, though. every day i dread living. i dread looking in the mirror and talking to my family and reading the news and thinking about a future i don’t want to live in.

my best friend’s happiness is the only thing i can really bring myself to care about anymore. i know he would struggle without me; he’s insecure, he’s struggling with college applications, he doesn’t have any close friends besides me, he’s addicted to drugs, his boyfriend recently dumped him. he’s told me that if i kill myself then he’ll probably kill himself too, and in the current state he’s in, i believe him. so my plan is that i’m going to change that before i do it.

i’m going to try to make him as happy and stable as possible over the next year. i’ll help him with college applications (he’s extremely smart and could go anywhere he wants if he applied himself) and help him find opportunities in his field (he’s very talented but doesn’t really know how to get his work out there). i’ll help him in his struggle with addiction, rather than being the poor example i’ve set in my own struggle with opioids. he’ll go to college and meet tons of people just like him, incredible people, people who will benefit his life far more than i can. he’ll be happy.

and i’ll slowly distance myself from him, so when i end my life, i’m barely a blip on his radar. a year from now, i want to be dead. i just don’t want to take him with me. and i know it’ll affect him in some capacity, but maybe not so much. he’ll still be able to go to college, he’ll still be able to follow his dreams, he’ll live.

hurting him is my biggest regret, but it’s not enough to stop me from wanting to kill myself. it’s just enough to postpone it. if it wasn’t for him i’d do it tonight. i love you oliver.