You won't believe me. You can't help me. I'm only typing this to prove it. Fuck you, Reddit. So, you came here with a reasonable expectation that this is where I'll explain my problems. And I will, but first a few ground rules. 

1. I have disorganized schizophrenia. My post may wander all over the place, breaking the rules of time and space and handing out medical metaphors that are true, except when taken as a suppository.

2. That's not a promise. I was also once a writer and I can still assemble something like a working awareness of my audience. 

3. That awareness doesn't make me a fucking liar. I can be honest and yet also make an effort to improve your reading experience. 

So, if you've made past all the hostility, cheers. You are determined. Pull up a seat, take a drink, and allow me to tell you why I hate you. 

Yes, you. 

You see, I want to be you. 

If I can be honest? I think I'm a little bit in love with you. 

You're everything I've ever wanted to be. 

You doubt I'm talking to you. Maybe you're wondering how long it will take me to prove I can't possibly mean that I admire and wish I were you.

Tell me this - 

Can you organize your room? Can you follow the plot of a Friday the 13th movie without needing to read subtext into which disposable character is which? Do your wildest, most optimistic plans for the future include being able to find your way back home without getting lost if you take more than one turn?

But hey, if that was my only problem, you'd probably believe me. Why wouldn't you? Who'd boast about something like that?

When was the last time you ran away in horror from an orgasm? How far did you get before you collapsed, unable to move? How many hours did you spend crying afterwords, certain that feeling any comfort from the woman who tracked you down and just held you made you a sexual predator?

Oh, apologies, did I say that I ran from "an orgasm"? I meant the word "orgasm." 

Sorry about that. 

So yeah, I have unusual issues about sex on top of the disorganized schizophenia, which itself a rare disease.  It's really hard to understand why I have them, since after all, I'm a heterosexual male. 

Society rewards us for being shameless sex seekers, doesn't it? 

So I'm probably lying and just want to get laid. 

No, seriously, that's where I begin losing people. Who'd believe there is a straight male who is terrified of sex...literally terrified...

Well, heterosexual sex, anyways. 

At least if the guy initiates it. Or thinks about initiating it. Or thinks about sex with someone who hasn't given permission for him to think about it and spelled out, in detail, how to do so.

Because that's a kind of rape, isn't it? The image of them you create in your mind can't meaningfully consent in any way. She will do whatever you ask her to, an image of the one you're attracted to, behaving like your personal sex slave.

I don't know how anyone can possibly not be disgusted with that, but to each their own. 

By the way, I'm a radfem. I'm trying to not hate all men, but it's so very, very, hard. 

At least all straight men. 

So, here we are, and I'm a self-loathing heterophobe. 

Chances are, you're not that kind of worthless hypocrite. Chances are, you face human sexuality with dignity and grace...just kidding. I'm sure you have horror stories. But you handle it better than me. And despite it, you still like humanity enough to prevent suicides. 

So, kudos. 

You're a hero to someone. 

And that, of course, is why I hate you. 

Because I will never, ever be you. 

Know what happened when I finally came out of the pretending to be asexual closet about my sexuality? 

I was told there was no closet. 

I was told I was a liar about ever being in the closet. 

I was told I'm not afraid. 

I was told I'm mocking people who struggle with phobias. 

I was told I was hilarious. 

That was on r/ainbow. In an unrelated thread where I was trying to relate to a gay man with transphobia, to help him over come his fears. It was an upvoted post, until someone decided to be a dick about the word "heterophobia."

Apparently, an unreasonable hatred of straight men and a terror of ever expressing my sexuality in any offline context doesn't technically count as heterophobia. 

Also, heterophobia doesn't exist anywhere except in my diseased mind, because the christian faith is all about sex positive reinforcement, especially in conservative American small towns, and anyways, no mental health professional ever would tell me my fear is a gift from God or that I don't need to worry about my fears because "it's not important" and "why would it ever come up?" with the unspoken implication that no woman on the planet would ever want to fuck someone as fucked up as me. 

Thing of it is, and I can understand r/ainbow not believing on this one - maybe r/suicidewatch will agree with them on this...

A lot of women tell me they want to fuck me. A lot lot. 

I'm a guy who can male bash, won't reduce any woman to a sex object, and I admire women who are honest and express their sexuality in a positive way. I also jump a mile into the sky when they do so and try to play dead in the crater when I land. 

Can you imagine how many women abuse their newfound superpowers for evil? I mean good. They assure me of this! Know how you conquer a phobia? By habitation. Everything they do, from demands for cyber and phone sex to ordering me to masturbate to their bodies is just in the name of science! I mean helping! 

So yeah, there may be a great deal of enthusiasm there. My phobia might be an issue sometimes. 

I mean, no offense to the internet, but all the cyber and skyping in the world is no preparation for offline. And love. And all the women I hurt, by being afraid of their greatest gift to me...offering me themselves.

They never offer again. The fear of sex claims another victim. And so it spreads...

I watch the ones I love torture themselves for offering me love. 

So, have we clearly established why I'd want to kill myself yet? 

No, I guess not. 

I mean, just because I'm mentally ill with an exotic disease I've not given near enough details about to properly scare you with, and I can't figure out how to establish that my disease is one with no happy endings...

And just because I'm so terrified of sex that even thinking an impure thought about the word "orgasm" is enough to trigger a reaction more appropriate for a returning soldier...

And all my friends with a sex phobia cured theirs by being women who wanted sex bad enough not to say "no" when people begged them for it. They're in loving relationships right now, so don't even think about making the obvious suggestion.

Know the worst part of all this? Not the literal worst part. More an ironic final note on it. 

I sound like an MRA and a forever alone. 

And I have no way to end this, that will provide any kind of closure. In my mind, my inner attorneys and I are still writing up a legal document to all possible responses and objections to all this...

I'm sick of defending myself. I'm sick of being forced to jump through hoops over and over again just to prove I'm in pain far and above what most people will ever experience...and others experience every day. 

And I'm sick of at the end of it all, the answer is always either "It gets better! Good luck!" or "I don't believe you. Do you think we're fucking idiots?"  

So, that's who I am. We haven't established yet why you can't help, but this is running long, and I am enough of a host to spare you a novel's worth of answers I've already been given that just didn't work...

Or made things worse.

Think you can be any different? Bring your best. 