directionless, hurt and unsure anymoreSo im a 19 soon to be 20 male studying law atm. My room is a mess,  i have no direction, my gramps is constantly berating me and make me feel like a piece of sht just because i am forgetful and how i'll never be a lawyer at this rate (i lost my keys several times already and my phone before). Sometimes, salesman would go through our front gate to reach our home door and knock. This made my gramps paranoid and tells me to lock the front gate everytime i come home. Sometimes, i forget and he yells at me and with strong words reminds me of the importance of locking the gate and safety. My little sis also lives 2 min walk away from the school and gramps would tell me to take her to school. Today, she just went by herself and me thinking it would be alright, since i had to walk 20mins to school everyday without supervision when i was young, 2 mins without walking with anyone would be alright with her. After finding this out, i tell him 'its only 2 mins away', he replies 'do you know what happened in the news, children get abducted under on min' and then make hurtful statements like "you think your smarter than everyone else ... you think i don't know that it takes 2 mins!"Everyday, he makes me go look for my keys, when i really dont know where i lost them. Truth is, he was the one who recommended studying law. While i'm getting excellent grades and have competed in numerous competition, because of what he says i begin to question whether i studied law to make him happy or it was a practical career choice i made on my own. I cry by myself thinking about why i have such a shitty memory struggling to remember where my keys were and it may seem silly but im not sure if i wanna continue anymore. I wouldn't go through enough trouble to commit suicide, but honestly if there was a loaded gun in front of me i would not think twice about it. On top of this, i have 2 moot competitions coming up that require a ton of time to prepare (those who do law know this), and its due in a few days time. I dont wanna let my team member down by not pulling up my load of work, but im questioning whether this career choice is right for me anymore. I studied really hard in high school to get to where i am, and gramps was really proud and bragged to everyone about it - then pushed me to do law. Now, i feel he's turning his back on me, saying how just because i did well in high school does not mean i will do well in the future, and strongly asking me how i was going to support my single mothers 300k mortgage. I'm trying really hard to stay on top of my grades, and this requires time on the computer and with books but he keeps disapprovingly saying i should help out the house more, do some housekeeping and reminding me that "it is your house" and to stop going on the computer too much. I feel like in his presence, im always depressed, not living up to expectations and i just cry not knowing what to do about it. He reminds me his intentions are well and asks "do you want me to stop caring for you? if so, then say so and ill leave" which i know will damage our family relationship and keeps stressing he just wants us to live a better life. Despite this, im really having trouble continuing on without some sort of support or pointer that assures me im going the right way. Thought this would be a good way to let some steam out, ive been crying all morning.