I'm done. I'm fucking sick. I'm fucking tired. Nobody understand me. Nobody listens to me. Nobody relates to me. Nobody hears me though. I'm stuck in a cycle. Nothing will change. I will always be blamed for my problems. I am the victim of this cruel world. Nothing is alright and won't change."this is why you're single"

I hate this phrase and I've seen it a TON recently -- mainly not directed at me, although that too...but I've seen it directed at other people multiple times a day.

Here is why I think you should never use that phrase here:

1. It gets things in the wrong order. I was not born angry and frustrated and socially awkward, I was molded into who I am by decades of bullying, rejection, ostracization, and abuse. I did not choose to feel angry--in fact, i can only remember being angry once in my first 16 years. No, i used to be an incredibly easy going person. But with people just as with dogs there's a certain amount of behavior they learn from others. Im mad, im awkward, im depressed -- whichever trait you want to pin my being FA on you can be damn sure it wasnt always there. Tl;dr loneliness precedes anger, bitterness, resentment.

2. It assumes my online anonymous account is in any way a reflection of reality. I mean...hahaha are you serious? Of course its not. Are you a child? You're acting like a child who hasn't stepped outside the world. Maybe because children don't keep their thoughts entirely to themselves. They don't have a filter.

3. Cheap way of "winning arguments." So you provoke me, and then you say "well this response is why you're single." GREAT JOB YOU SCORE A POINT WHOOHOO. Thats literally the only outcome. Or do you expect me to say "gosh, you're right, the fact that I don't enjoy strangers lying, telling stories, and making shit up about me -- that's why im single!"

4. You might be wrong. Who the fuck are you? Relationshipus, the god of getting into relationships?

5. We all know you're wrong. I know absolutely psychotic people who got married and have casual sexual encounters. People sometimes get so angry they kill their spouses with kitchen knives. Spouses. Meaning they got married. Hitler was married. Its all bullshit: anger, bitterness, and resentment are in fact considered ATTRACTIVE by many women if the guy in question is hot. After all, attitude doesn't matter when you're having a fuck! You fuck attractiveness. Not "attitudes" and "personalities."

6. It has been brought to my attention that it is NOT in fact true that many women have put a positive spin on their abusive partners bad traits. This is true speaking from a scientific/psychological/sociological standpoint, BUT it implies that not every woman is perfect, so I sincerely apologize. I invite any one of you who felt personally victimized or hurt by my post to come to my house and kick my in the balls, while I repeat over and over a mantra like "I now know that women never make mistakes."

I hope this apology does its part to end sexist, minimize the wage gap, and erase rape from the United States. Yours truly, changeIsTheWay.

I would come to peace if we taught children from a young age that "its ok to be ugly. Its ok to be a male virgin."  But society acts like good looking men and women have achieved things to make them successful in that part of life. I always feel like I'm a loser even though deep down its not my fault. I didn't choose to be ugly and short. But people act like everything is under my control. As if I've done it all myself.

Nobody understands me. Nobody hears me though. They keep telling me that "you don't need to be wanted to be happy." Who are they? If they were in my shoes, they wouldn't last a day. Who are they to tell me what can and can not make me happy?

They make dumb assumptions like "you don't shower" or "you're probably obese" or "get out of the house." Do they realize how pretentious and insulting this is? I'm doing everything I can to try to be physically appealing to women. I'm nobody's choice though. 