Is there even a point anymore?I just don’t feel like I’m needed.

I guess I shouldn’t be here because I know that I’m not going to commit suicide. But I feel like it’s the best and easiest way out...

I have an F in almost all my school classes because I can’t get myself to turn assignments in. So now my teachers don’t bother to even consider trying to help me at this point. Like I mean, when I don’t turn something in, they don’t even waste their breath trying to get me to turn it in. And maybe because I’m that much of an failure that the people meant to look after me aren’t even going to look after me anymore.

My dad is pretty abusive, it’s better, but it’s like this every time and I just know he is going to get mad at me again because I failed to put bags in the trash can again, for the hundredth time. I feel like he doesn’t want me around. Like he just wants me to do what he says to do. He has practically taken over my life. I’m not even allowed to choose my high school classes anymore. (Also I know your all thinking, a belt or slap isn’t abuse, yeah but this is tearing out dishwasher full of ceramic plates and metal silverware ~including knives~ and throwing it at me) 

My girlfriend kind of seems like she doesn’t want to be with me anymore and I think I’m being a burden to her by just constantly following her around. (But I do because I love her and want to be with her every moment) 

Edit: With all this quarantine it makes me worry, she is my top priority to everything and she doesn’t have a phone. I miss her, a lot.

My friends don’t respond when I text them and they seem to ignore me up until they need me to help them with their classes. Then they don’t respond to me when I talk to them, they are more obsessed with eachother than they are with me. I’m just dead weight to them. Right? I mean who would enjoy spending time with me anyway, maybe my girlfriend just because I let her get away with anything. 

That’s what it is, I have to let people bully me and use me. That’s what drives the fact that I’m not needed, that they don’t care, they rather eat shit than talk to me, even though I would die for them.

I’m a boyscout and I’ve almost made eagle, but for what? A free rank in the military? Some extra credit? It doesn’t matter because we all die someday. I wasted this time, advancing through the cub ranks, getting to life scout. Now all I have to do is build something and order people around, and for just a little “qualification” on a job.

I know I’m not going to be killing myself. But really it feels like I’m not wanted, or needed. Plus I’m a burden to everyone around me. I’m looked down on and eventually I’m going to die anyway so why not just skip to the finale.

TL;DR: I’m not killing myself but it’s the smart thing to do because I’m a burden to everyone I come into contact with.