I'm 28 and a bottom of the barrel human and I just want out [Long]Hey Guys,

I'm using a throwaway because people know my main account.  Looking from the outside, my life looks pretty great. I have a job that pays decently enough in NYC, I have a studio to come home to, and I never have to worry about my finances, but I'm at a point where I don't want to go on anymore.

By my family standards, I am a complete failure. I never could compare to my 4.0 GPA family, my job pays less than $100k compared to them who make way more than that and they constantly let me know what a failure I am.  I want to have confidence within myself, but my family is right. I am stupid as all hell. What takes some people 2 seconds to do takes me hours to figure out. I can't see things that are literally in front of me. I cannot comprehend simple things. People tell me to believe in myself and be confident, but in order to believe in myself or be confident, I need to have a quality within me that is worth being proud of. I have nothing. I am pathetic, I am stupid, I am weak-minded, I am ugly (I've went from 260 lbs to 200 lbs over the last six months, weight loss did my improve my confidence, nor did it magically fix my ugly-ass face) and as a result, I have ruled out my options of ever finding someone.

On top of all these short-comings that make me a low-tier human being, I have a shitty personality to boot. I'm selfish, a borderline sociopath because I cannot empathize, impulsive, and a coward. I cannot stand up for myself. Whenever conflict begins to show a fraction of uprising, I can physically feel my testicles retract into my body, my hands lose all their strength, I get light-headed and my adrenaline starts pumping because I'm such a cowardice little bitch. I am pathetic...

Yet, here I am wanting to be a middle to higher-tier human being. I know what a shit stain of an existence I am, but yet, my stupid brain tells me I want to be more. I've tried, I've tried to hard to better myself, but what can someone like me do. I'm too stupid to go back to school, and I'm too much of a coward to speak up for myself at work to advance my career. Everyone around me knows what a little bitch I am. They know this and they take advantage of it, yet I can never say no to any of these people. I'm this submissive little play-thing that people can toy around with whenever they want, because they know I will always say yes, in fear of conflict arising.  I can be bullied into doing anything. 

I have no friends, I have no one to talk to. My family only shames me as a failure if I bring up even a tiny portion of what goes on in this weak brain of mine.  it's for these reasons that I hate myself. I do not want to commit suicide. I want to murder myself. I want to murder myself like a killer murders another being. I cannot stand being trapped in this pathetic brain and body of mine any more. I hate my being so much and I want this all to end. There is no future in sight for me. My health is rapidly deteriorating thanks to winning the genetic lottery by taking all the shitty genes from my parents (extremely high blood pressure, heart problems, joint issues) and if I don't end it now, this body will probably crap out on me by age 32.

I'm rambling at this point, but I'm stuck in this body and mind that I hate so much but I am too much of a coward to follow through. The urge gets stronger every day though. More and more I find myself doing stupider things. Despite wanting to, I cannot kill myself because of my cowardice, but I no longer look when I walk through cross walks, I no longer look to even see if the pedestrian light is lit up. I just want to die, I want this miserable existence that is me to be erased off the face of this earth. Nothing of value will be lost, my family will be proud that I took the initiative to accomplish something meaningful in this life of mine by ending it, and the world will move on. I have no immediate plans yet, but the only thing that keeps me going is that some day, some how in the near future I will die. it sucks to be trapped guys... Thank you for reading.

Tl;dr: Am a garbage human being, stupid brain wants to be more than I am physically and mentally capable of and I want out of this world, mind, and body.