Shaking the TreeYou have a bushel of apples.  You're sorting through these apples and, while there are never truly any that are free from imperfection, there are a few that are just too bruised, too beaten; these are apples you cannot take to market, that will never be sold as normal apples, because many people don't want something bruised or irregular.  But there are those people who look at these apples and say, "well, these will taste just as good if I can turn them into applesauce", and those apples can transform from something useless and wasted into something equally as wonderful.  

But there are another set of apples in that bushel.  There are the apples that are so beaten, bruised, rotten to the core, so moldy and ripped apart that the only use these apples may find is as compost in the garden, lining the soil beneath the daisies.  You may think, "that's beautiful in its own right, being returned to nature, to help the next batch of apples grow healthy and strong."  But are those apples happy that they were denied their original intent, to help nourish, to be sweet, maybe even to be loved and appreciated?  No, because apples do not have emotions.


I feel closer and closer to becoming one of those rotten apples.  Right now I have my fair share of bruises, ready to head up the pike to the ole' Mott's factory, and I used to be optimistic that I could change myself into something better, or that maybe I could find another bruised apple to join with and we could be paired well with this pork chop of life.  But the rot is creeping in, and every day I feel the pull of the compost heap.

This clunky metaphor aside, I sit at the brink of self-destruction.  I've always been nothing more than a casual drinker, but tonight I went out and bought a bottle of wine, a bottle of Bullitt and case of beer and I feel compelled to just let it all roll into me in one session.  My self-esteem, once fairly more robust and steadily fed, has been on the decline for months.  I am approaching 30 without much to click through in the slide show;  a shit job here, an unrequited strong liking there, a big long failed relationship as the centerpiece (which 5 years after I still can't seem to shake the remnants of).  I'm not unattractive, but I stopped putting in the effort to throw off mating signals a while ago, or lost touch with what was attracting the opposite sex in the first place.  And the worst of this is that I am really well liked among my friends, and most of my co-workers, though I can tell they think I cam some sort of weirdo.  I buzz off a smile and joke, keep all of this pain buried.  But if any of them ever knew what was going through my head at any given moment, like wondering if these shelves are high enough to hang myself from, it would taint their view of me.  The last thing I need is to change their general indifference towards me into pity.  I do not need people tip toeing around my depression.

And so here I am, contemplating the discard pile of life, telling a bunch of strangers instead of my friends that I need some serious help because it's easier than having to feel sorry for myself on an electric current instead of a tangible, oceanic one.

Tl;Dr apple analogies, sadness



