Posted this on another sub. But now feeling far worse. 27 years in with friends like this, why try again?I seem to have a gift for alienating myself from people. Recently ive found I have lost a lot of friends because (I think) they've treated me badly and then im unable to get over it. Here are examples of how ive slowly found my friendship circles diminishing. (Sorry I'm aware this is going to get repetitive but the whole problem is that it keeps happening, and i dont know what i'm doing wrong):


1) - I was preparing to go travelling, and on the final leg of my travels, a friend and i had arranged to spend a number of weeks working (for our board) in spain. I went about my travelling and then as i arrived at the b&amp;b we'd be working at, he was proving difficult to get hold of. I set up expecting him to join in the next few days, and eventually he texts to say he cant make it over. he gives an excuse that i remember not really being sufficient to explain why he couldn't make the whole time. I then spend the next 6 weeks on my own working at this farm with people way older in a language I was struggling. I tried to make it work but it was bloody lonely........Skip to five years down the line, and we'd become sort of buddies again, and I stupidly suggested joining a local softball team. He's explicitly keen and we go about making arrangements to join. long story short he bails on me after Ive paid the deposit. I was furious- i had given him ample opportunity to pull out if he wasnt keen, but then he bailed once it was too late. I mean i joined the team and it was fine but it made me feel bloody rubbish. Do i keep trying with him?


2) - I was living in manchester with three friends from college, when i was offered a fixed term job abroad for four months. I found a fourth friend to take my room, quit my current job, with the plan i would return to manchester and get a new job- once it was over. I left, returned and moved back in, and then had a hard time finding a job. That being said, I always knew it would be a couple of weeks maybe a month or two to find something. I had money put aside and worst case scenario i was lucky that my family would help if i needed an extra months rent, and then i would get a bar job or something.
Into my second month of unemployment, im sat down by my housemates and they say they're worried about signing a new 12 month house contract if i dont have a job. I loved the flat i was in and being unemployed and fairly depressed at the time, the flat was definitely the best thing going for me. I say its fine ill take the liability and Ill take a bar job for cash if needs be. Worst case scenario I'd replace myself and move back home. Equally family would cover me for the months I'm there (again worst case scenario). Whatever happens id never have left them having to foot my quarter of the bill. It starts getting closer and closer to the time we think our contract needs renewing, and one girl is pushing particularly hard for me to go. We never had animosity, but she had only really been close with one of the guys ("B") in the house and recently B had been thinking about moving out to live with another friend of his who was coming to town. As i see it, she wanted to keep B here, so was trying to get me out to allow B's friend to move in. B had been a good friend of mine. But he was happy to let this play out, since i could sense it would work out well for him if i went too. Apparently he had 'promised to his friend' that they would find a place/move in together. The two of them, B and her then set me a deadline by which i was to have a job otherwise they thought i should move out. All the time i was saying its just a matter of time till i find a job, and if this 'deadline' comes, I'll just take a bar job and pay that way. No need to kick me out, the money was safe. We weren't even sure the landlord was going to force another 12 months on us. Anyway this was all getting to me by this point, and I thought i had a job offer (that i didnt particularly want) but needed to have it confirmed. Also if it fell through i was back to square one. Just before this deadline however, my brother said he didnt think contracts worked like that, and whether i should check what the small print said. Somewhere in the contract that I had missed before said that after the initial 12 months (which had recently expired) the contract would go to a rolling one. As such- it wasn't automatically another 12 months, and the pressure was off- The 'deadline' by which i was to have to commit to another 12 months wasnt coming! We could pay by the month, and one month more would be more than enough to set me with something definite.


Two days later i got the job confirmed. After being unemployed for two months this was such a relief. However when the girl found out i remember hearing her crying. When i got home I just collapsed in tears, having been through the ringer (not just the recent months, it had been a hard year, and this was the topping). B and the girl - two people who had up till two months ago been in my tight knit friendship group, then moved out of the flat and the remaining housemate and i replaced them. But now i feel incredibly unwelcome in that friendship group (which still does things together), when two people tried to treat me like that. Do i give up on them?


(Oh actually to add to this one, after we realised it was a rolling contract rather than an automatic 12 month renewal, it turned out she had emailed the landlord privately to ask if he wanted a new 12 month contract.. We found out when he included all of us in the reply! She had tried to trigger a new one!)


3) School friend, main interaction now really is through a fb messenger group of school guys, some of whom i was close with, some not. anyway recently he had a bday party and when he first mentioned it i noticed i didnt get an invite on fb with all the info. previously weve been good friends so i figured id just been missed off the list. on the day of he mentions it again and i had forgotten about it, and then say on the group that i hadn't got the invite. he ignored it and the party came and went (thankfully i was busy that day anyway). I appreciate this one sounds like he actively didnt want me there, but theres not been anything to trigger that, and he's the kind of narcissist who wants as many people at his events, so i dont think it was that. But maybe it was. Either way, him ignoring me on the group whatsapp was fucking embarrassing, and now id be too proud to reach out to him again. Do i give up on him?


4) I'm writing all this because my birthday came past, and i realised how scared i was of inviting people to come, since my trust has been hurt so much. (there are two other specific examples that have kin but Im sure this is fucking boring by now.)
What am i doing wrong?
These people are all still in my life in some way or another, and a big part of my past. Do i forgive them when none have tried to apologise?


It really fucks me up that its possible to be so crap to someone, and then not see any repurcussions. They didnt lose friends over this. Clearly i dont matter to them.. ( esp example #2)..


Thanks if you read this far.
