It's my 22nd birthday and that's 22 too much for me**+++ For the record, I'm not following any of the shit ideas my head has. At least don't intend to. +++**

All my life I've been abandoned, neglected and traumatized, got around 50 traumata. I am alone, I have no family as they are totally shitty. My "friends" also abandoned me, I'm just not good enough or too annoying.

One of the first things I did around midnight (almost 1am now) is posting a depressing meme to reddit which I prepared an hour before. Whilst crying. I am sitting alone in my room and nobody is here. I feel dead inside and at the same time like I'm about to explode.

My head is constantly having thoughts like "What could we do today? What about overdosing on painkillers or so?" or before when I was in a subway thinking that I should better be below it and that's really annoying. Also I know that it's not the best way anyway and I wouldn't want to involve others in such a thing. That'd be awful. It is my 22nd birthday and I feel like I should ask for an apology that I wasn't aborted. Everyone resents me in the end and there's nothing I can do about it.

My whole family is hateful and especially towards me, my mother which whom I also cut contact by now confirmed that my father would likely be glad if I committed suicide. I just wanna vanish. I can't because I lost someone to suicide and this feeling - I just can't make the ones I love feel like that. As much as I want to cease to exist.

I. Hate. Everything.

I don't know what to do and I don't know why I am even writing this when I don't actually intend to do anything? Whatever. In a month I am 2 years selfharm-free (used to cut myself heavily) and even that doesn't cause any emotions but missing having a way to cope. Eating disorder flaring up so I get at least a fake sense of control. Maybe I die from this, then nobody loses me to suicide, chance is 15%. But maybe another of my diseases gets me first.

I have chronic pain and it's awful. I just want to stop that. I want it to end. It hurts. My body as well as my mind. I can't handle it.