My friend killed himself because of me.He hated his name, so everyone who knew him called him Grey. He was two years younger than me, and was absolutely obsessed with Tokyo Ghoul. 

When we met, I was posting self-harm videos on the darker side of Vine. He reached out to me, and we quickly became friends. And, we made a pact together. If I didn't kill myself, he wouldn't kill myself. We'd fine life worth living in each other's friendship. I always used to tell him that we were Angels, and that's why we wanted to go to heaven so badly. We were just stuck on Earth and not meant to be here. He liked that idea. 

I got into trouble, and was getting my phone taken away. I had only enough time to send a quick message to him, to let him know I had to go away for a while. And I worded it very, very badly, because once my grounding was over, I didn't have a friend to come back to. The way I worded my message, he thought I was killing myself. He was panicking, and didn't want to be left alone. So he did it. He did it, because I was stupid enough to get into trouble, because I was stupid enough to not word things better. And yeah, I know. "It's not your fault." But, it really kind of is. He was getting better, and I ruined it. 

It's been 5, 6 years now. I'm a shitty friend. I've forgotten his real name, I've forgotten when he died, I've forgotten his face. But I figure, he must've died around this time, because right now it's all I can think about. I rewatched Tokyo Ghoul again, and wondered which parts were his favorites. He wanted me to watch the thing he loved so badly, and I watched it half assed. I wasn't a big anime fan, or a big gore fan. I watched it, and liked it, but that was it. I wasn't the person he wanted me to be, or needed me to be. I wasn't someone he could talk to the things he loved about. No, I was the friend that only talked about death, and pushed, pushed, pushed death until one of us died. He was getting better, I was getting worse, but he ended up dying, not me. I should've died. I want to die. 

But I can't kill myself, because I made a promise I wouldn't. 

Sorry for the long post, but I think it's time I talked to someone about this. I kept it cooped up for more than half a decade. 