I'm just very kind of confused and hurting right now.I don't even know what to say here. I'm currently across the country (3,000 mi/4,800 km) and all my friends and family are back home. I'm a Mormon, so I've been trying to save up for a mission for the past few months now. I got a job offer from way out here that payed over 3x what I was making back home. I decided that I would take the job for a few months so I could quickly earn most of  the rest of the money to pay for my mission. Back home, there are a few people that mean quite a lot to me: My mom, girlfriend, brother, cousin, and my best friend.

Hopefully that's enough backstory to explain. Anyway, I've been out here for about a month, and I've started having depression symptoms again (I've had depression and thoughts of suicide before. I never got it diagnosed officially, but I'm sure it is depression). Right at about my lowest point, as I was considering ending my life, some people I knew told me about this one particular girl that liked me. I liked her too, and by the fact that she wasn't around at lunch that day (she wasn't absent) I was sure something was up. Sure enough, by the end of lunch period, she found me and gave me a letter explaining how she felt. At this point, I realized that I had more to live for; that life maybe wasn't as bad as it seemed. We started dating, and at first, I felt awful while we were apart, but together, it was the best feeling in the world. After a while, my depression went away, and I had nearly forgotten that I had felt so awful. I thought that I had made it through and I'd never have to deal with it again.

Had I known it would come back, I would have stayed home.

About a week in, I started to realize that living this far away was really stressful on me and I struggled to maintain my original happiness. My mood steadily dropped further and further as the days went on, and I started having glimmering thoughts of suicide. I tried to brush them away and say "I'm fine. I wouldn't do that." but in the back of my mind, I knew that it was a possibility. The thoughts became stronger, and I would find myself searching online for easy/painless ways to end my life. I try to tell myself that I wouldn't because I don't want to hurt those 5 I mentioned previously, but I'm honestly scared that I might do it anyway. I really don't want to hurt them, especially right now. I just purchased a plane ticket back home, but because I can't afford to buy something right away, I have to wait about two more weeks before I can go back. I've just gotten done telling everyone that I'm coming home soon, and I would hate for them to find out that I'll never come home especially after getting them excited. I actually just finished video chatting with my girlfriend, and she showed me her calendar. The day I fly in is decorated with hearts and circles and all sorts of colors. She is so excited to see me again. I'm very afraid of what it'll do to her if she finds out she'll never see me again. I know it's only two weeks more, but I don't know if I'll last that long. I really don't want to kill myself, but I keep thinking about how easy it would be and how it'd all be over right then and there and that I'd never have to deal with any of this or anything else ever again.