I'm just sick of being hereExactly as it sounds from the title, I'm sick of being here. I always feel like nobody likes me or ever wants to hang out with me. Even my friends always hang out with each other and never invite me. I just feel like I don't belong anywhere so I always shut myself in and hang out in my room. But that always just reminds me of how lonely I am and my my life is going nowhere. I don't know what I want to do with my life. I'm a junior in high school so I have to be picking out a college and a major and a career path and stuff like that. I have no idea what I wanna do. I always tell myself I wish I could stay in high school with my friends forever but what's the point of that if they don't even like me. Last Friday after the homecoming football game at our school, I approached my good friend Sylvia of about a year at her locker when it was just the two of us and asked her out, (I've had a huge crush on her for a couple months now), but she said she didn't have the same feelings as me. We were both pretty cool about it, and then I went home and she went home and we didn't really talk about it. But the next day was the homecoming dance, which all of my friends including her went to. Dances aren't really my thing so I didn't go. While they were there, I asked my friends to see if she said anything about me. They told me she said "Yeah Pete (me) is really funny and he's pretty cool but we'd just be better as friends. I just don't want him to be mad at me". This, of course, was a little bit heartbreaking to me, but I still accepted it and understood where she's coming from. Then on Sunday, I figured I would let her know that I understood she didn't have the same feelings as me and I could never be mad at her and I was using this as an oppritunity to get my life back on track (because up till that point I'd kinda thrown everything else out the window in favor of impressing her.) and that I still wanted to be good friends with her. She seemed to be in agreement. However, on monday after school, she was hanging out with about 4 of our friends (while I stayed at home of course) and one of the ones there was one of my best friends, Lucas. I was talking to Lucas about how I was still a little bit upset about Sylvia, when out of absolutely no where, I noticed that Sylvia blocked me on snapchat (which is the primary communication platform that us kids use nowadays). I was a little bit devestated, needless to say. What could have been her reasoning for this. So all day tuesday, it just seems like she's avoiding me, which is so out of character for her its unbelievable. Then on wednesday, I ask one of her best friends, Kat, if she has any idea whats going on. Kat said that Sylvia's going through some family stuff, but that just happened today (wednesday). She said that it did seem out of character for Sylvia to block me and then avoid me. So I have no idea what is driving her to do this. Every time I've tried to talk to her alone and/or a group of people she was with, everyone else will laugh at whatever stupid joke i say, but she just seems all gloomy. Like she's upset that I still exist. Also, I've found her looking at me in the corner of her eye from across the room a couple of times in the last couple of  days. Idk what to do. I just wish i didn't have to deal with any of the stress she's giving me and i wish i could relieve her of the stress i'm visibly giving her. We were actually really good friends, and then everything just got all fucked up. I just feel like i don't belong on this planet. Every little thing that happens just shows me how much i don't belong here. I just wanna be free of this shit. I wish i could go to bed and never have to wake up ever again.