Change My Mind: People who say "but your loved ones will miss you!" are just as bad as people who say "if you don't repent you're going to burn in hell!"Just something I needed to get off my chest. From my experiences IRL, whenever the subject of suicide gets brought up, the single and only response I get, the only reason to not do it, is something along the lines of "but your family will miss you!" or "that's so selfish because think of what your family will have to go through!" and to a lesser extent, a bunch of bullshit implying I'm a coward. First of all, before I actually make my point, let me just say how dare anybody call me selfish or a coward for wanting out. That would literally be like calling somebody a piece of shit for quitting a job they are working at and dislike. Did I ask to be born into this shit show of a world? No. Did I agree to any of this? No. (This one is going to sound cheesy but...) did I consent to being born? No. Most importantly, do I OWE anybody anything for being brought to life, or more specifically do I owe it to anybody to stay alive? Fuck no. If you disagree then not only are YOU selfish, but you're also a hypocrite. How dare you condemn me, how dare you look down on me, how dare you insult me for wanting to make a choice regarding my life. How dare you feel entitled on me putting a ton of effort into continuing an existence I don't want, just so what... you don't feel bad about yourself? Selfish. Petty and selfish. (Please note, there's a big difference between these people who are essentially blaming the victim, essentially threatening the victim and trying to guilt them into staying alive... there's a big difference between this type of person and people who actually try to talk things out and listen. I'm not like attacking everybody who replies to a suicidal person)

As a person who grew up in a religious family, I've heard my fair share of people telling me "if you don't believe in God, you'll burn in hell and get tortured forever!" These people always say they're doing it "to protect me" or "they're trying to help me". Hmm.... does that sounds familiar? Because a lot of people who tell me "don't kill yourself because other people will feel sad" pretty much say they're "just trying to help". And just like these religious nuts, they have no answers for you about anything. "Why should I stay alive" and "why should I believe in god" are LITERALLY met with threats and condescension. And for all these people who tell themselves they're "just trying to help" they're only doing it to jerk themselves off. They want to feel like they have some moral high ground, they want to feel like "oh boy I'm such a good person, I stopped somebody from killing themselves today by reminding them people will miss them if they die!" (or ofc "oh boy I converted another sucker into my cult"). I mean sure religious people are threatening you with torture but at least they don't actually think you're a bad person they just think you need to think like them. The other people basically are calling you a piece of shit if you decide to go through with suicide. So you tell me which type of person is worse.