I need helpHello. Writing this post because I need a place to dump what's on my mind. I'll try not to lie to myself here. I lie a lot. To myself. To my family. I'll... try to be honest. Really try.

I've had suicidal thoughts since high school. I graduated 5 years ago. It goes away sometimes but it's been a constant thing in my life.

I've never attempted suicide. I've thought a LOT about it. How, where, when. Lately I've been thinking about leaving the car on in the garage, death by hypoxia.

I won't do it though. At least not in my parent's garage. I don't want to risk them trying to save me and end up getting hurt or dying with me.

I also don't want to do it because I know it would devastate my father. I know that from my very first heartbeat that he had worked hard to give me everything that I have. He doesn't deserve that kind of pain.

I'm a failure. I know I am. 5 years since I got out of HS, and all I've done is take some college classes. I've never had a job, I've tried looking but I'm in a perpetual loop of anxiety and doubt.

I've applied to many jobs. I've tried. I've had two interviews. First one didn't pan out because I have transportation problems (I don't have a license) and the second one didn't because I'm sure they've found someone else they didn't need to train.

I've had calls about interviews. I've been avoiding them. When the phone rings a lot of thoughts go through my head. Most of them along the lines of they're just wasting their time. They don't need me. They can find someone else better. I'm worthless.

I know it's bad. I know I shouldn't do those things. I know that all I have to do is stop being afraid. I can't find the courage. I know others have suffered more and were able to get over it.

I'm a coward. I want to leave this place. I want to stop being such a burden to my father. I'm a leech. I have nothing to show for this world.

I lied to my family about registering for classes this semester. Well, I did. I lied about the financial aid covering everything. It probably does, but I've ignored it over the months and the deadlines have gone by and I don't think they can process it in time when classes start.

I'm not lazy. At least I don't think I am. I'm... afraid. Of failure. I don't want to disappoint my parents but I'm sure everyday they see me doing nothing productive they are not proud of me. I want to be so much better but... I don't think I can.

I don't know what to do. I want to get help. I don't know how to get help. There's a mental health clinic nearby, but they need all sorts of stuff that I can't give them. Not without my parents knowing.

I don't want them to know what I feel. I think they're going to get mad at me for not doing anything over the summer. They're going to tell me that I'm lazy and all I want to do is play video games. They won't be wrong, but... I know that. I know I'm a piece of shit.

I can't stop being... so afraid. Of responsibility? Of failure? A lot of things. I'm... a coward. I want the easy way out. But I can't. It would destroy my family.

What should I do? Should I just admit that I've been... avoiding my responsibility to go to school? I think... they'll be too mad to help me. I don't know if I can tell them that for the past few days I've been thinking about killing myself.

I feel like they're just going to tell me to suck it up and do what I can. I don't want that. I want... help. I need help. I don't know if our insurance can pay for what I need.

I don't think anyone in my family can understand what it feels like to be a worthless human being devoid of motivation.

I used to be full of life. I... want to go back to that. Where do I start? 