All I Want Is To Have Some Time and A place To Go To Be Alone And Reflect On My Life.I'm 16, 5'9', male, and I have multiple undiagnosed mental illnesses.  I have had anxiety for 5 years, and severe anxiety, severe depression, and a voice in my head that tells me to do the most fucked up shit for 3 years now. I have gotten to the point where it is hard to do absolutely anything, such as getting out of bed, putting my clothes on, eating, drinking, interacting with my family, taking showers, and even going to bed.  I stay up until I cannot stay awake any longer.  My health is declining, both mentally and physically.  I love in Ohio, so there is absolutely nothing to do and nowhere to go where I live.  There is only one very small park within biking distance.  And I want to get out of the house but I can't.  There is nowhere to go and so I stay in the house 24/7. I stay in bed until 1:30p.m.which is when my dad knocks on my door to wake me up because "I need to get up so I can do something."  But there is nothing to do. I just want to stay in bed and drown in my sorrow until I can cry no longer.  I am tired of this lifestyle, but I cannot change it.  I want to drop out so that I can start an online business, using what is called "dropshipping." But my parents and my bitch ass Aunt are stubborn and say that I absolutely need a high school diploma, even though the only thing high school teaches you to do is to be a slave for the government, and I do not want to get a 9-5 job where most of my money is taken by taxes and I can only make so much money because I only have so much time. And if you want to make big bucks with a normal job, then you have to go to college, even though you don't need to because all of that information is on the internet.  So no, I don't want to go to high school so that I can learn to be a slave, when I don't want to be a slave. Why do something if it won't benefit you.  I am all about efficiency.  And also they tell me to do school during the day and the business at night, but that won't work because of the dedication it takes to pass in my school, it is a very good school, and it takes a lot of effort to actually pass, because the teachers don't know what they are doing or they are just dickheads that fail you on purpose.  So it is either highschool or business, I'm going to start my fucking business God damnit, what the fuck. I would much rather make God damn money than learn how to not make money.  And I want to start the business during the summer so I can see if it takes off or not, because if it does, than I'm going to commit to my business rather than school, but if it fails, then I will continue school so I can meet more people and make more relationships until I can get enough money to try to start my business again.  And my parents and especially my aunt think that I'm too fucking stupid to start my own business and that I haven't researched enough and that I'm gonna break some law and my parents are gonna get arrested, or I'm gonna fuck up and people will want to return everything and I'll lose money and have to take my parent's money. But I ain't fucking stupid, I do my God damn research.  I don't want to end up like my parents, they struggle enough with money, and I don't want to be like them.  I want to be able to help them and give my dad what he's always wanted, because he deserves it, he's gone through way more shit than anyone should ever have to go through.   I just want to have money for myself and be happy, but that's too much for my bitch ass fucking Aunt, I hope she fucking dies in a car accident.

TL;DR: I just want to be able to go places and do things on my own and make money but my parents won't let me unless I finish highschool, but I don't want to finish highschool.

Thank you to anyone who read this entire thing.