Not sure what to title thisI’m not even sure where to start with this. I was raised with abuse in one arm and secrecy in the other. My sister and I were molested by an older cousin who lived with us, babysat us. My brain was too young to retain what happened, so it repressed the memory until I was 11 years old, the year I got my period. I didn’t tell my mother or anyone else I got my period. I did not tell anyone what I remembered happening to me. For years I had to eat Thanksgiving dinner, and Open Christmas presents but my molester in the same room. And what hurt was everyone knew he was a pedophile. 

After he moved out of our house he molested another cousin who was mentally disabled and he went to jail. Still, he was allowed back among us, with not a word said to those of us who had been molested. And it was not a secret, people put two and two together. 
But I was still in the arm of secrecy. I didn’t know he sexually abused my sister as well, because in the solitary memory that surfaced in my mind, I was alone. I didn’t learn that she too was a victim until I was 16. And you have to understand, the relationship I had with my sister was one of vitriol and fear. 

She seemed to loathe everything I was. The way I walked was too manly, the way I dressed was too sloppy, the way I wore my hair and the way I ate and the things I liked and it seemed I was the bane, the very miserable bane of her existence. She would sit and poke and prod at everything she knew made me vulnerable. I was overweight. My mother put a relaxer on my hair and it all fell out: I was bald. At that point social anxiety had forced me deeper and deeper into my room, into books away from friends and activities, away from the outside world. My sister saw all these things and jumped on them with glee. 

What did I have? She was popular. Pretty. Boys liked her. She was a track star and a debate queen and had excellent grades and always had a place to be and friends to be with and I was her fat slob of a sister who no one could quite remember the name of or when they had even seen me last. I idolized my sister. I hated my sister. I hated myself. I began to fantasize about hurting myself, I began to cut tiny symmetrical lines into my skin, I cried myself to sleep every night. 

I couldn’t possibly describe the cold calculation of my mother because I’m still holding onto a version of her that is golden haired and warm and smells like petuli and fresh earth and would kill and go to the ends of the earth for me. But she watched my sister destroy me in silence, only butting in when I lost control and began screaming curse words, which would elicit a wry smile from my sister, “you’re just gonna let her talk to me like that?” She asks my mom and I flee to my bedroom, always fleeing, always retreating. 

My mother would comment later, “ I watch her push all your buttons, trying to get a reaction out of you. I see what’s happening.”

Inside I scream, “Then help me! Can’t you see I’m drowning! I’m fighting for my life, please help me!” 

But there is silence. I say nothing. Always, I say nothing. I would dream about feeling safe and loved and wanted, and it seemed to me the only way I’d get that from my mother and sister was if I was hurt or sick. I fantasized about falling into comas, getting sick, and eventually just being dead. 

I remember a passage from the Bible said “there aren’t enough books in the world the fill with all the shit Jesus did” and it’s hyperbole obviously, but it registers with me. This was nothing, honestly the tame parts of my life. Things got different for me after Covid because I had a breakdown right before, and fuck it felt like everyone, absolutely EVERYONE failed me, either for selfish reasons, or because I simply didn’t matter enough and I realized that this really is a dog eat dog world. The hatred my sister and mother had for me, even if it wasn’t about me, was real. It’s not really about me. It was about the same fear I felt, masked as hatred.

There hasn’t been a day that’s gone by for as long as I can remember that I haven’t thought about death, about the sling of existential dread that hangs from my throat, about how all the awful things that happened to me, that happened to my mother and my sister and my grand mother and everyone of my ancestors could happen to me at any time, anywhere. That being a woman makes me vulnerable but being a black woman somehow makes me less vulnerable? when truly it’s the absolute opposite, I am more vulnerable. I am so vulnerable that daily I consider if dying would be a better choice that putting myself out in the world where white men and women can exploit and monetize my body and black men can release their rage on it. I have to exist in that impossible interim and be a good little black girl, don’t complain or else I’m an angry black women and no one finds them attractive, right? And if I don't have my attraction then what do I have? 

I put this in this particular subreddit, because even though I’m a black non-binary person with borderline personality disorder (there’s lots of subreddits  to air my shit) it is my struggle with finding the point in living another day that consumes me.