First and last Forum post - SayonaraI've never participated in a forum before.  I suppose I just want at least one record of why before I leave.  I don't want to be here anymore.  I can't stand it any more, being alive and carrying on a stupid, ugly existence.

I should never have been here in the first place.  My mother should have aborted me like she did the 5 unborn and never-born siblings before me.  The only reason I am here is because she hesitated a little to long at the thought of my dad.  She thought that if she got pregnant with me, he would marry her.  He didn't, poor guy, why would he?  She is an unstable, manic depressive basket case of a drug addict who is too old to be a stripper any more.  

I should never have been born.  The only things my life has caused are bad, like my dad's death.  As anyone would guess, the drug addict abandoned me and my dad had to take me in.  He is dead now.  It's my fault.  I ruined his life and he's dead.  Poor man.  That is where believing in things like duty or honor get you by the way.... they get you into a pre-mature stress induced death.  It should have been me.  He actually liked living and I have always resented it.

Don't misunderstand.  My needs and desires to stop living are not the response to some recent trauma.  I have been living in quiet agony and white anger for most of my life.  He died some years ago, and I have been nothing ever since.  I was nothing before he died either - just some stupid high schooler.  I am still nothing - a piece of ugly nothing that somehow still consumes resources.  I have achieved nothing.  Nothing but ugliness.  

I have no hope to ever effect anything but ugliness. 

I can't stand it here anymore.  Every where I look, everything that "normal" people are doing: schooling, working, eating, creating, entertaining, f*ck1ng, watching, reading, trying - all I see is distraction.  Distraction from the terrifying and humiliating existence of our biological origins and our embarrassing ends.  Death is embarrassing.  I felt embarrassed for my dad when I saw him.  I feel a little nervous and embarrassed at what I will soon look like.  To anyone posting here - I guess this forum calls them (us) OP's:: expect to be found ugly if you go through with it.  You soil yourself.  Fluids come out.  We are biology decomposing.  It happens to everyone; it makes me sick; my solution is to just get it over with so I can stop thinking about it.  

Sure, like anyone who is seriously planning suicide, there is always some shred of you - perhaps your human survival instinct - that tries to remember life without this terrible and agonizing feeling of needing to kill yourself just so you can stop hating yourself.  

I try to think about times I didn't feel this way.  Now I realize they were all times I was just severely brainwashed.  

I remember very brief times when I forgot because I had discovered a new story like a song, book or show; or when I met someone new; or when was serious about religion.  Wow, religion - boy I felt stupid when I woke up from that high.  I've never seen a more efficient tool for brainwashing humans into complacency than religion.  The ambition they sell you or the American Dream, the "you can be anything" act, that was a pretty good ride because ego trips can take you pretty high, but still not as addictive as a straight purpose like "saving souls." 

I don't think I have a soul, nor do I think I could find my dad's soul waiting for me somewhere on the other side.  I think I am just a series of bad genes, worse decisions, and disgusting habits.  There is some lyric out there I am sure that says all I really need to say, "I am a bad habit."  ... and I need to be quit... I shouldn't be here.  The rest of this post is just the story, but that is the truth.  I shouldn't be here.  I need to fix that.  I am going to fix that.  I am sorry and that's all I ever wanted anyone to know.  I have one regret and that is that I didn't fix this sooner.
