I've tried it all... There is really nothing else.TW: Sob-story, heavy shit. **Tl;Dr at the bottom.**

I was neglected as a kid, from around age 7, I made my own dinners, my own rules, was always on my own and home alone. I did everything myself because there was no one else there.

Around the same time as my parents kind of disappeared, I started getting bullied. Nothing severe, and I don’t even think I’d call it bullying today if it happened now. Just left out and called names. But it was enough to make my world crumble at the time, I was only 7 after all. I’d go to my mom at night, who wouldn’t take her eyes off the TV, crying about my school horrors and she’d just say “None of my buisness”.

I made it through 3 years of that, with both bullying and my mental health getting worse, in 4th grade I decided to say fuck it. I stopped going. All hell broke lose. Suddenly I apparently had 2 whole parents and lots of teachers who cared, the principal even. I was now the misbehaving little shit, a problem they needed to solve. (It’s illegal to stop going to school before age 15.)

Well the answer was apparently to drag me from psychologist to psychologist. I had apparently been spoiled, I was a spoiled brat who had gotten her way for too long. (Don’t ask me how they came to that conclusion, no one knows.)

They had the perfect answer for that, make homelife so shit that she wants to go to school. So if I didn’t want to go to school, because I was so scared of going I wanted to kill myself (at 10 years old), there would be no TV, no computer, no friends, no going outside, no happiness.

Nothing like solitary confinement to cheer a suicidal 10 year old up!

With the added bonus of constant fights, every day. My dad would call every day to check if I went or not, making sure to scream at me if I hadn’t. (“You’ll be nothing, you’ll be worthless, you have to go to school.”) Teachers, principals, parents all telling me that I’ll be taken away any second now for what I was doing.

I kept being sent to psychologists, I kept staying home, I kept getting yelled at. No one was safe, I had nothing and no one.

Until internet, I managed to make friends with some people. All older than me, a lot older actually… How old was he really? I don’t know but I had a friend, a real friend, he just had to see me naked. Small price to pay for a person that didn’t hate you. (I was 11-15.)

At 15, I’m free, no one cares anymore. (It’s not illegal anymore) I don’t have daily threats of being taken away from my family. My dad disappears again. Around now is when my mom realized what she had been doing and was working hard towards making us OK again.

But I still can’t go to school and take a year off.

At 16 I meet my first boyfriend, total sweetheart, wrote me letters and gave me flowers. Around 2 years in he sort of rapes me, I mean it was rape but when you read that word it’s not what you’re picturing. (No fighting, just me silently crying, repeatedly saying no.)

My second relationship is indescribable, I could write and tell you about it for a year straight and it still wouldn’t do it justice. He’d scream at me over everything, and I truly mean everything. Looked too happy? Clearly, I was happy because I was fucking someone on the side. Looked too unhappy? Ungrateful fucking cunt. He’d scream for hours on end, without break, 5 hours typically. 4-6 hours a day. Every. Day.

I wasn’t allowed to: talk while playing games, type while playing games, play games without him, have friends, talk to friends, talk to his friends even if he was right there. I had to tell him every second of my day, every day. The list is a lot longer.

He was a sadistic psychopath. I was scared of breathing wrong near him, I’d be so scared of anyone randomly talking to me because he’d scream at me for ‘talking to people behind his back’ (didn’t matter if I had never met the person in my life). I’d just be scared, 24/7, shaking. And he’d scream at me for that.

“Why would you put up with that?” Why wouldn’t I? Seriously, why wouldn’t I? That was my normal. 4 years.

Did he rape me? I don't know, I agreed to all of it, I knew he'd (at the very least accidentally) kill me one day.

Somewhere during my second relationship we find out that I have autism, and that’s likely why the bullying hit me so hard. Not that it mattered, I was 20 at that point and the damage had been done.

From my second relationship I now have PTSD and brain disorder. (It's a constant dizziness, some days you can’t walk because of it and some days you forget it’s there.)

And because of my severe isolation I barely speak my first language anymore and I have a 4th graders education and to call me 'socially awkward' is being disturbingly polite.

Tl;Dr: Neglect, bullying, abuse, online pedos, rape, horrific mental abuse and rape, PTSD,  now I have trouble talking because people scare the shit out of me.

I've tried all the medications, I've tried all the therapy (14 different people). I want to be done.