I called the hotline today....my boyfriend of nearly five years and I have been having a very rough time of late. I cheated on him two years ago and had hid it for the entirety of the time, that coupled with my use of snapchat and other social media platforms to swap pictures and messages with the intention to "get off" with other people that were not my boyfriend and continued denial of it, until this week all have built up to him leaving for a bit over the weekend and we haven't really had a full conversation since Friday, and it was an argument about all of this. He reached out to me once over the weekend to tell me good night, and then came back into town last night and stayed with some friends. He came home briefly this morning and we didn't say anything to each other. 

I had a panic attack this morning because I am really afraid that the end of this is near and us not talking is making it worse, because it causes more anxiety by being "unknown." Anyways, I have been pursuing counseling and have begun writing letters about my misdeeds and even started recording videos to summarize my days and address my feelings and thoughts so that I can show him that I am making an effort to let it all out and truly be open. 

The problem though, is he hasn't been very talkative (understandable because he has now been subjected to severe heartbreak and hurt.) But its gotten to a point where I had a panic attack and called the suicide hotline because I was afraid that I was actually going to hurt myself. 

While I was at the local crisis center following the call, a delivery driver came by with a package and my BF text me asking me if I was home and I replied that I was at the crisis center. He never replied.

I checked my email when I got home, and he had reactivated my facebook and logged into it, presumably to check my messages and see if anything had changed since he last looked at it...

He never asked if I was ok, never asked why I went to the crisis center or called the suicide hotline...and now I'm dwelling on this and I feel vulnerable to sinking into that same place I was at that triggered me to call in the first place.

Any advice?