I need immediate help.I'm a 19 year old boy, and have been heavily depressed and suicidal since I was 12, when I for the first time, tried hanging myself. 

I've been seeking help since age 14, but with no great succes.
For the last years I've failed different educations, because of my mental condition which is slowly tearing me apart. 

I am constantly imagining guns to my head, ropes around my neck, the ground smashing my body, etc. and it haunts me, even when I'm in a somewhat good mood. 

About a year ago when I help finally came, I was by mistake diagnosed as a schizophrenic. I had to walk around with this dagnosis hanging over my head, and swallow anti-psychotics that would eventually make me fall asleep in the middle of every morning classes. After a half year, I demanded a new diagnosis because I've NEVER been psychotic.
After a single conversation with a leading doctor, I was diagnosed with dystymia and heavy depressions.

I was prescribed prozac, and when I started on 30mg things suddenly became joyful. I was open-hearted, I was happy and I had confidence. While everything suddenly was going well, I decided to drop acid with some friends (all of us with an already daily usage of cannabis) It was wonderful and for the next 2 weeks I was happy. I dumped by girlfriend through 2 years at the time. I was certain that I would start from scratch. All of a sudden girls were attracted to me. I had no problems getting laid, and my friends' jealousy, was a sign to me that I was on the right track. I was sure that the days of my suffering had end, and I could finally be happy.
For some reason ONE weekend could destroy all those thoughts. I've had the best days of school ever. As another weekend approached everything went great. But after the weekend, I was back in school and NO ONE seemed as happy as me. Suddenly depression hit me. I was lonely again. Yeah I was happy, but no one around me were. Ever since then I've been extremely depressed. I'm losing friends and I'm losing my grip. It seems to all start over again. For the last month I've tried suicide 5 times. Last time yesterday. My only will is to die in peace. I am a lonely soul.