I'm Very SorryI'm not sure how to start this, other than saying I'm sorry. I'm sorry for posting this and making anyone sad, or angry, or for taking up your time by asking you to read it. Please forgive me.

I do not have a bad life, and I am surrounded by people that I think care about me, but every day I think about killing myself. I live with my boyfriend and his parents after my mother kicked me out of the house last October. I'm a full time college student and I have never had a job, so I am living rent free. But, you see, this is where the problem is. I've tried to get jobs, but I haven't been able to land any. I feel worthless and that I am taking advantage of my boyfriend's family. I hate it and it eats me up every day. I feel useless. I've caused them so much drama with my mother kicking me out and I feel like I haven't done them any good since. They spend money on me, buying me Christmas gifts and food, when I don't have anything to give them in return. I try to do chores, but there is almost never anything for me to do. Whenever I'm on the computer or sleeping, I feel like I am wasting time. I suppose none of this sounds that bad to anyone reading, and I don't know how to convey how strong my feelings are about this. I feel like I am a waste of space and money. Today, my mother came over to give me a bag of CDs that I left at home. She looked disheveled and sad. She and her husband kicked me and my brother out after years of fighting and drama, but after seeing her like that, I felt like shit. I was and am a terrible daughter and I shouldn't have left home. She may have been bluffing about not letting me come home again. I don't know. This is all so messed up! I cried after she left. I can't convey to anyone what's going on in my mind, and I can hardly even touch my thoughts in this message! Every night I think about how everyone's life would be so much better if I was not around. No more wasting money on me, and they wouldn't have to deal with my depression anymore. My boyfriend could go find someone more stable than me, someone smarter, nicer, and who has a better family. Maybe he wants that, and won't tell me. He knows breaking up with me while I live with him is a bad idea. It would leave me with no where to go. Do I have him trapped in a relationship? Should I just die to let him go, guilt-free? I can't tell him my feelings; How I contemplate the different ways I could die every night. If I did, he would be trapped. He would feel responsible for my death if he broke up with me, and I don't want that. I just want everyone to be happy, and I think they would be happiest if I wasn't around. Even my dreams are telling me. I have reoccurring nightmares of myself, hanging from a tree, with my boyfriend and all my friends laughing at me. They would all be happy if I died. There's been a number of times I almost walked out of his house while everyone was sleeping, and hung myself at the park. I never could bring myself to do it. There are other ways. I could go jump in front of a trunk on the freeway. Or grind up pills and put them in a soda. Just say I'm going for a walk and drink it. I don't know. I just want everyone to be happy. I don't want to be the cause of worry or useless money spending anymore. I just want to not exist.