No GoodbyesSo, this is sort of a vent post thing. It's long. I don't really have anywhere else to go.

Insert sob story here. Bad childhood, trauma laden life from minute one, blah blah blah, mental health issues, blah blah, suicide attempts, blah.

Anyway, the past year and a half have been really, REALLY bad. I've spiraled too far again. My ED is back and will only snowball, self harm is back. Some days I cant barely get out of bed, let alone do simple things to take care of myself like showering or brushing my teeth. I don't go out of my house ever anyway. All I do is think about killing myself or getting high. Everyday I wake up and think of all the different ways to die, and how I can't wait until the holidays are over to do so. Sometimes I have to talk myself out of dying right now and have to remind myself why I need to wait.

And I have absolutely no options. I don't want to be in a psych ward again, they are terrible and I refuse. Been there, done that. Therapy is honestly just ridiculous. It is definitely helpful for some people ofc I don't write it off for everyone, but for myself it hasn't been the greatest experience, and I've been seeing multiple mental health professionals since I was a child. Talking to people isn't great either. Regardless of how much someone cares, they can't take that kind of burden, and that's completely understandable. So, even when I do reach out to people, they can't really do anything. No one can. I can't.

This isn't even touching on anything like how I haven't been able to keep up AT ALL with my work or anything else.

So, in a nutshell, I'm just shit out of luck and I have been shit out of luck and feeling this way for over a year. It's just too much. Anyway, here comes the best part of this WHOLE thing, ready? I found a lump in my right breast a few weeks ago. Wonderful! Terrific! Exactly what I needed at this exact point in time! It could be anything, could be something to worry about or something that isn't a worry at all. But that's not really the point, the point is that I didn't fucking need this on top of everything else.

No one knows but my partner and my best friend. I don't think I really want to tell anyone else. They'll all hound on me to go to the doctor when I just really don't do doctors. Haven't been in years. They've all been terrible experiences and will probably always be, so I just don't. Anyway so, soon, I'm trying again. I think the attempts I have under my belt from my teens will help make sure I don't fucking wake up in a hospital again, thank god. I have a birthday coming up and a little after that seems ideal imho, since its the last in the huge stretch of holidays. It's not even like "oh wow, I wanna kill myself!", its like a realistic view. It just is. It just always has been this way. I cannot remember a time in my life where I didn't want to die. I can't deal with any of this, you know? I never could. I wasn't built for any of this.

Now, too, wanting to get high is consuming my entire being. I haven't done anything besides smoke since high school, so I'm kinda ripping my hair out thinking of who I could possibly get it from. Like even this thing that will make me feel better until I can kill myself is stressful. Everything is stressful and terrible all the time. Even good things. I hate it and it is NEVER ENDING. 

I'm sorry this was so long. Especially since this is my first post and account on reddit ever, but whatever I am trash. If you got this far, thank you. 