I’m tired and I don’t know what to do anymoreI feel tired with my life and I just don’t want to do it anymore. I feel like I just get hit with misfortune no matter how long or how much effort I put into trying to move on in life. When I was a kid I was a loner and got bullied everyday. When I got into high school one of my parents got cancer and passed away. And now I’m in university and I can’t pass this one calculus course to get the degree I want to go to the grad school I want. I don’t have any friends except one who goes to uni abroad and I don’t really get to talk to her until she comes home during the days off between her semesters. I did co-op for a year and I came back to school this year and I tried messaging the people I thought were my friends but they lied to me about not being in any courses with me because they didn’t want to associate with someone who’s not smart and they just hanged out with me before I went to co-op cause they felt bad. The same thing happened to me in high school after one of my parents died in grade 12. I did poorly in school after that happened and all my friends left me except that one friend because I was no longer smart. I’m the oldest in my family so my other parent depends on me the most so I can’t talk to them because I have to be strong for them. They’re the only reason why I haven’t done it yet, but even that doesn’t seem like enough anymore. I tried so hard to fix my depression. I’ve tried going to 3 different counsellors, I’ve tried increasing my physical activity and I exercise everyday, and I also took advice from online and started looking for hobbies I was interested in to occupy my life so I’m learning how to play a new instrument and sport right now. Its been a year since I started implementing all of this into my life and nothing has changed. Today I failed my calculus quiz even though I studied every day, did every question in the textbook, and went to professor’s office hours for extra help. This is the second time I’m taking the course since I failed it the first time. My teacher assistant for the course who made the quiz for the course asked us to raise our hand if we thought the quiz was hard and I was the only one who raised my hard. My teacher assistant just told the class that I didn’t practice enough then and that I won’t be able to do anything in this course at that rate and then all the other kids started laughing at me for being the only idiot who found it hard. I feel like I’m like the odd one out in society and that my existence just doesn’t make sense and I shouldn’t exist. I’m home alone a lot since I live close to campus and I’m scared I’m going to do something I might regret. 