I dont think i can do itI wanna die but i can't handle the pain

I used to scrape my knuckles on the wall until they were visibly bright red or even bleeding. I did it in middle school for attention and I didnt mind the pain. Now im very hesitant to tell anyone because I dont want to burden them with my problems. I dont want them to feel obligated to "save" me.

I'm a college freshman now and I've been having on and off sucidal ideations for maybe about 2 years now. I've thought about different ways to go: jumping in front of a car, bleeding out, hanging, ODing, carbon monoxide. The only thing that has stopped me so far is the thought of failing and leaving my family with crippling debt taking care of me as a vegetable and becoming an even bigger burden on them.

I tried scraping knuckles on the wall again. Shit fucking hurt so bad. If im such a pussy and can't handle scraping my knuckle how the fuck am I going to kill myself? Like, I cant even do the most commonly depicted method of self harm which is cutting. I fucking dont want knives near my wrists but I thought about ending my life with one. What the fuck?

And whats with the mental health support system in America? You're gonna lock me up in a psych ward for admitting that im suicidal and then slap me with a big fat bill causing me to be even more suicidal? Fuck your mental health awareness month and your parades and stickers and shit. And our teachers had the audacity to say "suicide is stupid its a permanent solution to a temporary problem blah blah blah." "Its selfish to the people who love you" or some other shit. Yeah thanks for the talk. I know its fucking selfish and I dont care if its stupid. I already think I'm worthless so if i can't kill mhself I'll just mindlessly exist and wait for my inevitable end. Hope a car runs me over. It sucks even more that people are going through much worse than what I am going through but here I am wanting to off myself for stupid fucking reasons. I wish i could donate my life to someone who really wants it. It sucks the people who deserve to live have their lives taken away from them but the people who want to die have to continue enduring their pain. God it feels so fucking weird saying that.