I don’t care about my life anymore :(Hello,

I am in my 30’s and I am tired of struggling with my life. I have not been happy in this life. I have a very unsupportive family and the one person I thought cared for me took advantage of my help and stole money from my credit card. It was not a lot, but there was no apology or attempt to even pay it back. This person owes me so much money over the past few years, yet I am told that I am abusive and passive aggressive when I want my money back. (Yes this person is not financially well off, but that is not my fault and I am in university with hardly any job) I am not rich, I am in university, I have no parents to help me and no family that cares for me. Actually its better, because they are toxic. This person was family that I helped, but I thought they were different. Anyways I don’t talk to them anymore, though I am not better for it.

I am in a lot of debt (not just from what I gave to this person), I have hardly any friends, I have no family, I have no future. I don’t even have a job that is reliable. I thought going to university would help me, but its making my depression worse as I can’t even focus due to my depression and anxiety. I can’t handle the mood swings anymore, as right now I can’t even think to do an essay. I really hate this life and in general I don’t like people, because I get screwed over by them. It doesn’t matter if I try, getting screwed just happens. I haven’t had much luck with people.
I don’t get permanent friends, only temporary. Maybe I only have one, but this person is not in a position to help me (they have done enough and it shouldn’t just be one person).

I don’t want to hear my life is worth it, as I have no idea what I am doing with my life anymore. There is nothing. I can’t even work as I don’t like people in work environments  and I don’t have much job skills. Even if I did I can’t get more than part time minimum wage, which is not enough to survive or pay my debts. I also have had bad experiences in work places and find lower paying jobs mostly toxic environments. Not good for a person with depression or anxiety.

I just see myself losing what little I have and ending up on the streets. That’s not a life I want, I would rather not live. I don’t even do drugs, or smoke, so why would I want to live on the streets? I am afraid I won’t be given an option, as my life is about people and situations screwing me over. 

There is nothing for me. I have 36 years of constant failure, even my childhood was failure. I had to watch my single parent mom be on welfare, no job, no supports and unable to even take care of me at times with her issues. I suffered due to this and It made my life harder. I have received no help from anyone. I had to do everything myself and no one helps me. At least no one helping me is constant. (But apparently I have to give all my savings and credit cards to help a person until I am in danger.)

I can’t live this life anymore, anyone would have already killed themselves already, or something else. I just can’t do it anymore. My heart is broken, my mind is tired and I don’t like myself enough to continue on, unless I am a masochist. There is nothing hopeful about this life, I am a mess due to it. Taking some meds won’t treat it. You can’t treat an awful life. Going to the hospital won’t treat it. For me, it will make it worse. Therapy doesn't work either, I am trying, I am not getting better. I need help everyday. To be honest I don’t know how long I can go to therapy, because I don’t have much money.

I don’t know what to do anymore and I am at the end of my wits.