Don't know how to handle social media anymoreI have major depression. I have been dealing with it for years. I stopped using Facebook because it brings out the worst in me. 

I've been having suicidal bouts for the past few years. I've been trying different social media platforms. But maybe I should just give up. The thing is... I feel lonely without it as pathetic as that is. I guess Reddit wasn't really the best place either but it seemed okay until I discovered hunters and jerk pages that dedicate their time to witch hunts, down voting and trolling for the sake of it. 

When I had my episodes I used to cry a lot. But now I don't cry at all. I tried counseling and going to doctors and even medication. But nothing seems to work. 

I just can't take the internet but I can't handle real life anymore either because the way I see things is the thoughts projected online are thoughts that people actually have in real life but they don't say them. And that makes me want to withdraw inside myself. 

I got attached by a hunter page just because I like to play as a character in a video game (overwatch if you've heard of it). All I did was ask for advice for how to do better and everyone started attacking me and telling me what a bad person I am for playing this character. 

I can't even ask for general advice anymore without being attacked. So I put down my phone and just played the game. 

And then a guy got on mic and started yelling at a guy for playing a character he didn't like and telling him how bad he is at aiming. 

I just feel like... There's way more bad than good in the world these days. I feel really empty. Even though I'm happily married and I have an amazing husband who loves me and works hard to give me a fantastic life. I just can't stand taking to people. 

I feel scared of letting people know me because I worry once they know the real me they'll start to hate me. I told some friends about my depression and they accused me if being an opportunist and started reading me differently. That really hurt. Especially since I waited months to tell them. If I was an opportunist I would have told them much earlier. I didn't even tell them about my suicidal thoughts. 

Please talk to me. Tell me I'm wrong. I'm sitting at home alone and my husband can't talk me out of my negativity. I need help. 