I really want to give up (Sorry it’s lengthy and confusing. I have no where else to go to let this out)I’m a 20 year old college student and a single mom. I am fortunate enough to have a good amount of family supporting me and the baby. Despite this, I’ve been severely insecure and depressed for a while. I lack the social skills to make more friends. I’m always stuck at home with no car (I got in an accident last yr). I can’t work (my parents want me to just stick to school). I’m left completely dependent on my family. I planned on leaving this Earth last year after giving birth to my daughter. I got help. I was put into therapy, group,  more therapy, etc. Fast forward a year later and no improvements. I exercise, try to eat right, meditate, read, journal, watch/listen to a lot of self help videos and podcasts, say affirmations, pray, talked to friends... Nothing. It upsets me that I didn’t off myself sooner because everyone kept telling me to fight because “I’m strong” and “ You have a baby”. I’m always going to be attached to my daughter but that doesn’t mean I’m good for her. I don’t want her to grow up and see me upset and suffering—my behavior can rub off on her. I can’t always vent to my friends because they have their own shit. That usually leads me to venting to my ex/baby daddy. And it makes me feel like I’m at a severely low point. I hate how I’m left being vulnerable to the person that couldn’t love me back. Meanwhile, he’s not probably on to the next girl and enjoying life with friends.  It feels like everyone’s got a good grasp on life. My ex can move on and continue to be young while I’m left with a child, a broken heart, and way too much responsibility. I know I put this on myself. And I hate myself for it. And I feel so bad for my kid because she deserves so much more. The truth is I’m weak. I feel like I already fulfilled my purpose in life which was to deliver my daughter who already brings joy to everyone. I’ve been forgotten. It’s my time to go. I know that her grandparents can give her a more stable upbringing. And I’m sure that me leaving will force her father to step up. I’m going to jump off a cliff or an overpass of some sort, I haven’t reached a final decision yet. 