Ruined my life but there's one thing keeping me aliveHello. I don't want to make it a wall of text so I'll make it as short as possible. From as a long as I can remember I always excelled at school etc. I've got a very good memory and always had perfect grades with no much effort. Now I am a 19yo, second year med student having summer break. But that's the only thing I am good at. Because I had too much time for myself I wasted last 10 years of my life on games and computer. Parents would let me do that because education is the only thing that mattered to them. That time kinda ruined my apperance. Of course, genetic factors most certainly affected that. I would be probably taller if I slept more. My teeth wouldn't would be so (asymmetrically)  crooked had I kept proper posture. And acne wouldn't be that troublesome if I cared about my skin. It's not even that bad in any of these case. But there are people being depressed about one of these things. I have all of these flaws, and combined they overweigh the good things in my life. I wouldn't care about that so much but I am gay, and LGBT community taught me that only looks matters. Even worse, I am only into models so it's damn hard for me to be sexually satisfied.  And my family despite being quite wealthy, won't give me money to fix these things because they it's just vanity for them. While gays of my age party, get drunk and sleep with different people every night I have to collect money for necessary procedures (I don't want to wear standard metal braces, I'd rather collect that 3-4k euro for invisalign braces/lingual braces than show myself with those ugly metal things in my mouth) and cry about what I could be if I made different decisions in life. It doesn't seem that I am suicidal right now but I change mood very quickly. When I see perfect boys at my age I immediately start hating myself to the point of autoagression and lose hope that I could ever be as attractive as them, despite my future possibilites as a doctor to improve my looks even further (access to aesthetic procedures and plastic surgeons). Sorry for my English and the chaos in my post. 