Told my family about my three suicide attemptsTbh I don’t know why I’m writing this but here I go.

 I’m from Kosovo and these things just don’t “exist” there, and if you actually express your feelings of sadness and depression you won’t be taken serious and be called lazy or an attention seeker. Recently about 8 months ago I’ve come clean to my family and told them about my depression and my three suicide attempts. I’m always 100% hones with people and hate lying or being around the bush, my parents are not the best, we moved to another country and opened a bakery. Ever since they’ve neglected me and never paid any kind of attention to anything I was saying or doing. My depression started that year when we moved here to Croatia and I had to leave everything behind and start over with new people, a new school, whiteout knowing the language or anything about the culture. I started to sleep all day, not talk to anyone, draw dark stuff, listen to depressed songs. I used to stay in my room all the time, the longest being 2 weeks without going out when I was on my school spring break. My dad yells all the time, my mom does everything she’s told to do, typical Albanian married couple, my older sister was always busy  taking care of the “business” and my younger brother was always and still is a dickhead. It’s been 9years since I became depressed and throughout those years I’ve attempted to end it all 3 times, now that I’ve been asked why I’m always so negative, angry, why I’m always so rude towards my parents I told them they’re shit at their job of parenting and I got shut down real quick by them telling me I’m just and attention seekers, lazy and always selfish, even after I told  them about the 3 attempts. They didn’t do anything. But today i told my mom as a joke that I cut my hair yesterday when I took a shower and my brother joked and said “should have cut your wrists instead”, I got really pissed and started yelling at him and my mom and sister started yelling back at me saying something along the line of “your taking this way to far, you need to collect yourself” ... Sooo I just wanted to ask if I’m the only one in this kind of situation or is there anybody else. Because I just cursed out God and really don’t see anything worth living this life for but I’m also not going to kill myself because basically I’m a wuss so I’ll just continue to cry, isolate and slowly kill myself with stress until all the left hair falls out and I become obese.