Sorry, don't know where to postHi,

Please understand I'm terrible and deserve to die, but I'm saying this for other people. I am a guy, but I do think that guys often deserve less standing-up-for. I promise I'm a feminist and am often disgusted with so much of the daily shit women have to put up with. I mean, no one deserves to be randomly hurt. Women just have it harder.

Just, if you are attracted to men, please, please (I know it's your choice) don't talk about how worthless "tiny penises" are.

I promise I have stood up for anyone who makes fun of any part of a girl she cannot control. There is no such thing as breasts "too small" or "too large". I know that might sound like a, "You're fine with who you are" thing, but people who have any thoughts like that are not worth your time. And, completely honestly, some people attracted to women think smaller breasts are MORE attractive.

Sorry. Not trying to be a pervert. Just seeing how despicable people have been lately. But, I mean, how can you honestly say something so horrible to someone? "Your vagina is like a parking garage" "Your eyes are too far apart" WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN? There is a perfect spacing for eyes? I swear with everything that I am that I have never seen a woman and immediately thought, "I could never be attracted to that." How could someone say something to anyone that they would have to deal with for the rest of their lives? I guess normal people can just laugh it off.

Sorry, diversions. My best friends were making jokes the other day about how tiny dicks are useless, how they'd feel bad for anyone in a relationship with a guy with a small dick, and how Trump and Hitler are only so angry and terrible because their penises are so tiny.

I really, really don't want to be like either of those people. I promise I hate hurting people. I know this isn't going to help, and probably just more shit I deserve. Just please maybe once let this help you abstain from making one of those jokes.

I know they were jokes. I know it's not all about penis size. No, I don't have any other redeeming qualities. Some jokes hurt "men" like me.

I just keep thinking about those people chanting that they were glad that high schooler was dead. I just keep thinking people would be cheering if I died. I try not to go outside, but sometimes I have to, and I can tell I did something wrong and I'm really, really sorry. I hate when people shudder and tell me my eyes are rapey and when bulimic people tell me I make them relapse. I don't want to do these things. I try not to. If I thought a mask would make me less creepy, I'd wear it, I promise.

I don't think everything in life is about relationships, but I'd always hoped that I'd find someone that I could talk to about anything. But I'm not going to punish people like that. God this is all stupid ass shit nonsense idiot sorry sorry sorry

stupid idiotic nonsense post. just another creepy perverted micropenis that should drown himself sorry