I'm not sure what to do anymore.I wasn't really sure where else to post this but here. This might be really long.. I'm sorry.
I was molested by my cousin when I was around 5. I think that most of my family knew it happened. My aunt and mother definitely do. I'm only 13 now and my family... I think they've forgotten about it. Its messed me up so badly. I can't tell them anything. I don't trust anyone in my family but my dad. I've only recently started hinting to him about being molested. My aunt and my other cousin (the one that molested mes brother) both blame me for it.
 I can't go to my parents. I don't trust them. I don't know how to explain it, but... I feel like they would judge me or get angry at me. Once my mom and step-dad got in a fight over something that I did ( it was over something small and I'm a little embarrassed to say what it was) and they both screamed at me and my step dad started to leave. My mom got in my face and screamed at me and told me it was all my fault. I feel like If I told them something like that would happen again. I would like to see someone about this, yes, but I can't tell anyone that. Honestly, I don't even really love my mom or my step-dad. I feel like they're just there. I feel guilty about it.
I have "friends" they're just not.. people I can trust. The ones that I did trust have gotten tired of me being upset so I started to avoid telling them how I feel. I feel like I have no one now. I do trust my father but only to a certain extent. 
I've tried to kill myself 3 times now. I don't know what else to do. Death seems like my only option. Suicide is the only thing that is always there for me. I have no one. I'm so tired of trying. I've put on this mask in front of people, disguising myself as a happy person, but I'm just the opposite. I've considered hiring someone to do it for me but I realized that that was stupid and way too expensive. Every time I've tried I've failed. I'm so tired. I just want to end it all. I feel nothing anymore. It's endless days of doing the same thing over and over again and crying over the same stupid stuff. I'm not sure what to do.