i really don't know what i'm doing anymorei have been struggling with bad anxiety for 3 years. i was always a really shy kid, but i guess it kind of rooted into a deep problem when something i believed to be very traumatic happened in 6th grade. most would say it was no big deal but i thought it was the end of the world. i had cried in front of half of my grade and i was so mortified. i just cried to my mom the whole rest of the day. the first time i remember *that feeling,* was when i walked to my class the next day. the feeling of my face turning bright red, my heart pounding, shaky, very aware of everyone around me. wondering if they thought i was a baby, that i was weird, what a loser i was. i have realized that no one really cared. and if they were thinking about it, they were only confused on what happened. i don't know if anyone remembers it, but i know i always will. 

since then, the slightest things will make me anxious. a classmate asking me a question, talking to a teacher, being alone in public, etc. my mom had gotten me a counselor last year but i absolutely hated it. i have never felt more uncomfortable in my life. how do they expect me to share my feelings with an old lady i have never met? i can't even share my feelings with my own mother. i eventually convinced my mom i was better. i didn't have anxiety anymore. but i was lying. she still thinks i'm fine, that i'm improving. but everything has only gotten worse.

it's currently summer, i'm starting high school next year. i have got no friends. my anxiety has led to me becoming extremely depressed. not an hour goes by without me thinking of dying. i have got a pathetic plan of just starving myself to death after vacation. the suffering before dying can't be worse than what i'm going through right now, right? but no, i probably wont go through with that plan. but i am still stuck with these thoughts. knowing i'm always going to be like this. a feeling of hopelessness consumes me constantly. all i want is to be happy, confident. have people like me.

i feel bad because i know that there are many people with it way worse and here i am complaining about something completely curable. i'm looking back on what i'm writing and i just see a blob of words. i know this is a mess to read but i really just wanted to vent. i can't talk about this and this is really the first time i have tried to put it into words. i don't know what i want out of this. maybe someone to show that they understand, someone who was in my shoes and overcame their problems. or maybe no one will even see this. but i don't think it matters because i have heard its good to just write it all out.