I don't know anymore...I know I'm going to die young. And the funny thing is that I used to love the idea of being young. I hated the thought of growing old, but now I want nothing more than to live long. I want to experience life and visit amazing places and do amazing things. But I know that's not going to happen. I'm going to die young. And there's nothing i can do about it. I'm only 17 and my body feels like that of an old woman. I've been through enough horrible events to fill a lifetime and there are many days where I just want to end it all. And wheather i die naturally or from suicide, i know i will be able to look back and say that my life was not one worth living in any way. I honestly don’t even know how i’m still alive right now, maybe it’s my fear of the unknown. I have no idea what's going to happen to me after i die. Maybe I'll go somewhere and stay there for eternity, or maybe I will just disappear. Maybe my soul will just go out like a candle or light. Maybe the christians are right and I will go to hell for killing myself. But that doesn’t really matter since i'm pretty sure I'm already in hell. Maybe this is all punishment for something. Maybe I did something horrible and this is my own personal form of hell. Maybe I deserve all of this. I guess none of that will matter when I do die eventually. I hope it’s quick. I hope it doesn’t happen in some messed up way like being murdered. Even though I wouldn't be surprised if someone did want to kill me. I'm not exactly a good person. My friends and family tell me I am, but I know I'm not. I know the truth. I know I don't deserve happiness, even if I'm selfish enough to want it anyway. Sometimes, when i’m upset, I ask God to kill me. I can’t bring myself to do it, so i ask him to do it for me. If only I didn't have people who cared for me. Maybe I could go through with it without having to worry what would happen to them. Because, to be honest, I've wanted to die for a really long time. But everytime i'm about to end it, I think of the people who will miss me. And then I can't go through with it. But i really want to fucking die. I can’t remember the last time i was even slightly happy. It feels like a dream that can’t be had. A goal that can’t be reached. And if you can’t ever be happy, why live? You know, I was watching this movie the other day, and this girl's family was abusing her. But then she met this guy and he saved her and suddenly she was fine. I think about that a lot. Mostly because it’s a load of shit. There usually isn’t a prince to save you when things get bad. But they make so many movies about it anyway. Where was my prince when I was struggling? Where was he when I was getting called names everyday by my own mother. Where was he when I was sobbing in the shower because it was the only time when she would leave me alone. And The only time I could feel the extent of what was happening to me because she screamed at me when I showed any emotion. Where was he when I made the scar on my arm that people stare at and ask questions about. Where was he when I was diagnosed with one of the worst mental illnesses to have. Where was he when I needed him? Nowhere. Because there is no such thing as prince charming. Nobody is there to save you. You just have to save yourself, or die trying. Sounds glum but it’s true. Sadly true. in ten days i'm supposed to kill myself. I just remembered that I had set a day on my calendar. Basically, i’m supposed to kill myself unless i actually magically feel the want to live. Haven’t really felt that in a long time, so i’m probably going to do it. But don’t worry about me, i honestly don’t think anything can save me at this point. And I'm actually kinda glad. Maybe now i can finally rest. Maybe I won't have to feel the pain anymore.