I don't seem to capable of functioning in the world, I become a worse person every day.I don't know if this will hep, I just want a medium to put my thoughts down where no one can recognize me.  I'm 25 years old, but I remember having suicidal thoughts as some of my earliest memories.  They were more of the 'no one would ever notice if I was gone' variety, but ever since then the idea of suicide has kind of always been at the back of my head.

Currently, I've been NEET for about ten months.  I have no source of income aside from my mom and dad giving me money to pay for my car + insurance, I have a small group of friends that I see maybe twice a months just to play games with (no social interactions beyond that and internet chat, really), and the most I've accomplished in these ten months is sending out maybe three job applications.  Every day is spent wishing I had slept more than the twelve hours I average, browsing the internet, having occasional thoughts about what I'm going to do with my life (which I quickly bury because it's too hard to even think about), then more browsing the internet and wishing I could just fall asleep forever.  I'm a terrible person because the truth is this is almost my preferred lifestyle.  I like to be left alone to my thoughts, I don't want to work but I know beyond a shadow of a doubt what a terrible, worthless person I am.  I'm a drain on my immediate family, an occasional playmate to my only 'friends', and absolutely nothing to the rest of the world.

I'm a veteran who joined a couple years after high school because I had no idea what to do with my life.  Military life wasn't for me and I left on not-so-great terms after four years.  I made a lot of decent friends during that time but haven't stayed in contact with any of them since then.  I was sure that I could coast on my GI bill while I figure out what to do with my life but I forgot about how I essentially ruined my academic life when I was 18.  Every little plan I had in the first year or so after getting out of the military hasn't worked out or I've fucked up personally, and my whole pointless life has just left me here as a jobless fuck-up with no qualifications, certifications or education that any employer would care about and no reason to live.

I don't even have a license anymore, and I found out today to renew my expired one I have to go through the whole process of getting a learner's permit like I'm a fucking 16 year old kid.  I feel like even if I had the willpower to crawl out of this depression (I don't), the humiliation of what I'd have to do would push me over the edge...  the best I could do is get a learner's permit or a job at McDonald's and I think the shame of it would be worse than suicide.

I don't think I ever had a chance, even as a kid I was an awkward fuck-up who was blind as a bat and terrible at everything (turns out part of this was me not being left-handed like I thought I was until I was 24...  which now that I realize that is why I was always fucking terrible at everything I tried and became a self-loathing shut in from a kid, I really think I was fucked from the start.