Living only to see myself failI'm in the 2nd year of studying electrical and computer engineering and I have passed only 1 class.
I came into this city living alone for the first time immediately when I graduated from school. Though it wasn't my first (not even second or third) option of what I wanted to study I decided to give it a shot.
Now a year and a half later I feel so confused about how my life has turned out to be.
I am having troubles in all aspects of life and everyday I'm thinking of running away in the woods or something like that.
Here's where things got difficult:
1)I feel indebted to my parents cause they pay for me.
The pay the rent and give me money to live
We are not a rich family and I have 2 siblings that also have to live with my parents income for the time being. That being said I don't want to just ghost on my school and search for something else to study because that would mean all the money they have invested in me would be thrown away.
2)I don't really like my school but I don't think there is a school I would enjoy. Ever since I was a kid I would get excited and lose interest both very soon. It doesn't matter what I'm talking about people, sports, etc. So I believe that even if I was studying something that I liked more I would eventually get bored of that too.
Also I'm thinking that this is a good uni and if I manage to get a degree I would get a descent job.
3) weed.
It really changed me.
Made me realize some things about the people around me myself and this absurd existence.
But it did make me lethargic and I lost many days and weeks being stoned and doing nothing productive.
Time is a resource you can't get back and I can't help it but feel bad for wasting my time.
4) it just feels weird meeting new people as an adult. 
I don't know how to form a solid connection even if I manage to laugh and make others laugh or even have a deep conversation with the other. 
I think that adults keep friendships mostly because it is very hard to be alone. 
5) existential crisis/ depression
I don't know if you can call my case of sorrow and melancholy as depression but it has been bothering me since a very young age. 
What is the point of it all? 
If we all die at the end with no consequence in the universe whatsoever why bother to live and follow the rules of society just to get a place in it? 
What is even real? 
This kind of thoughts pop into my head very often and really makes it difficult for me to do anything when I'm analysing the paranoia that we call existence. 
6) My biggest concern though is the fact that I cannot see a future where I am able to function as a normal human being. With the way things are going I am statistically doomed. I can't imagine what my life will be in the next week nor in the far future. And I am feeling increasingly pessimistic with the way things are going.