Is anyone there I'm hereI have felt this way before and its amazing to notice how much I can really get done when I have the full motivation to follow through with anything I set myself up for today. I woke up after having spill my guts out the other day about how worthless the egotistical side of me thought I was. I got a call from a website I was interested in recieving notifications from, but I did not think it would have lead to an awesome conversation with a counselor that would later lead to an enrollment starting February 2nd. So after that my day felt great because I was talking about my future and planning it at the same time almost all morning. After that was over I begun to see how my state was elevated and was on a roll after that. Constantly moving and I wasn't in bed for the first time in a good while. I thought to myself I have this energy to do things so I might as well take it as far as I can because who knew when I would have this feeling again. And I did still have that normal anxiety that comes and goes for no reason at times but still that didn't keep me from slowing my roll haha its like I was a machine programmed to maximize self and family contentedness and minimize the opposite. It was a real head changer I feel this is all I need and it is. In the whole day I managed to interact several times over the amount of time I'd been interacting just this past week. In addition I was able to affix a long term short term and even a mid term plan from the next couple of days over the span of a couple of years. Long term being the enrollment, short term being job hunting, and mid term being applying what I learn to personal and professional projects. But it only gets much better because I also recently found out about a company I wouldn't mind staying in a career with both possibly before graduating and for dang sure after graduating with an accredited information technology bachelors. So all in all this was a great day and I can confidently say that I surpassed my max when it came to efficiency today. I applied to jobs and found out about many others with great opportunities. Noticed mom had something to say and it was great news. Listened and talked to my older brother about kicking the drinking and smoking and about having an ever progressing mentality. Played a Godfather board game that all us brothers love playing 3 today (a new record). Finally I helped out my dad with his practice exam for the drivers license. And now here I am writing at 2:10 am in the morning because I just had to log in my whole day today bevause maybe one day when its not the best day I can look at this and possibly find the secret sauce between the lines that will help keep me motivated as I was today. Although if anything I think I already have it and that it's what my brother told me the night before when I broke down crying crossfaded which is to just be human pretty much and that its okay to feel a certain way so long as I let it out and keep moving forward no matter what it might mean for me. Also that it might seem like the past has got a hold on us but the past is nothing compared to now and what awaits us in the future. For we were all meant to love one another and my younger brother told me that if I loved the the world that if I loved life that life would love me back and right then as those words filled my head its as if I felt the universe wrap itself around me as a blanket feeling at ease.


I have to say that this wisdom is what led me to hear the man out on the phone early that morning. And I heard him out because he is a person just like the counselor who enrolled me and the business lady I contacted. And me showing just a little empathy and listening brought out opportunities. Now I see and now I have no qualms with love because loving myself is loving you. Knowing we all have similar counteractions towards struggles like anxiety and depression brought me closer to the average person and I myself benefited from it greatly so now I am redemption and here I come world with open arms CHAOOOOO!

Now I am feeling sleepy so I will go to sleep but just because in the back of my head it feels as if tomorrow who knows what will happen and saying this I want to remain the same so to you in the future I give you this cookie okay just know how much you got done today and how many doors you opened with the help of loved ones from just a simple act of kindness and openess to explore. If for some reason something does not pan out the way it was supposed to and maybe that opened door has just closed know that deeply you have within you the full potential any day to open up more doors and if anything better than before because I mean this is a big world after all and there is so much one can't do in their life but there is so much to do that it makes life limitless. So go until your content open as many doors and try them all. Make it a trial notice the change in your life go with the flow and then change it again until you have truly found what you were meant to be doing like a "you were born for this" kind of feeling. That ultimate purpose will drive you harder than any external motivational speaker ever can. But for now just the thought of finding your true purpose and actively reaching more towards it is enough.

Looks like I'd never forgotten in the first place huh brother alright time for bed.

I love you.
I love myself and I am very proud of myself.
Goodnight.

P.S. I encourage you to keep up with these entries I especially like how empowering it sounds on a good day. Keep it up! As soon as the next good day comes and its fine if its not tomorrow but just do it at the end of the day you will know when to it just one of those days afterall. You may just find out a little more and who knows it may then just be enough for you to ascend to another level of realization like it has for me but remember first act throughout the day,challenge yourself and don't hold back your feelings. Truly enjoy the experience because on a good day you never know when you will get another day like it ;)