I need to vent.To start, i'm 20 years old and i'd grade myself as severely depressed. It started i guess when i was 13. My family owned a restaurant and my brother and i were always there helping. My step dad hired an apprentice(josh) who was young at the time, but the main part is josh didn't feel like an apprentice he felt like family. He used to take me out driving with him and would always let me play with his phone when work was boring for me. I was attending my first year of highschool at the time, and woke up one morning to have my parents with tears in their eyes tell me that josh was involved in a traffic accident and was killed.. This absolutely destroyed me. He was a role model to me and one of my closest friends. After this happened i noticed that my family wasn't as close any more. My step dad got increasingly quieter and my life consisted of school and the restaurant. I don't want to give you my whole sap story but i wanted to end it when i was 14-16. And tried a few times. I decided to talk to somebody and get help. and it worked briefly... 

Where i am now is just as much of a shitfest. In the last two years, i've been living in my states capitol because i'm looking for work. I haven't been able to hold a stable job this whole time and have currently been unemployed for almost 5 months.. I'm on medication but  it doesn't seem to work either, as soon as my course is over and the doctor says i'm fine i get all the feels back. I don't want a pill in the morning to decide how i'm going to feel for today. Am i destined to just keep eating ssri's hopeful in that they'll work? :/
The only thing keeping me here is my girlfriend. People i considered my best friends for 5+years never talk to me. people i've made friends with here are the same. I feel like an inconvenience really, i'll go out of my way to see people and do things for them but it's rarely mutual like that.. I have no idea what the fuck i want to do with my life, i used to have ambitions and goals and determination but now i feel empty. My girlfriend is working at the moment and i get myself into the same slum of applying for countless jobs only to have them reply "you have been unsuccessful" I remember when i was a teenager i made a pact to kill myself by my late 20's if i didn't have the hint of a successful future. And recently i've been fantasizing about killing myself while driving on the highway.. just running into a barrier at 100kms an hour would do the trick. And the fantasies are becoming more frequent. The only thing i'm certain of is that my girlfriend is the only person keeping me here right now.