Exhausted each and every timeI'm so exhausted of living. It feels like there's no point in trying and my life is going slowly downhill.  
Transcripts came in recently, I didn't get a C or above in one of the classes, so I either have to change my major entirely, or move to a new school.  
My parents forced themselves to live with me to better accommodate their finances, and it only brings me more stress. Thankfully, they assume I'm not failing these classes and I'm actually doing decent. If they were to find out, I probably would have killed myself by now.  
Few months before that my best friend decided to pursue a relationship with the first guy I was \*heavily\* into after breaking up with ex. Said guy and I talked about having a relationship in the beginning, and when I couldn't have the power to be committed, we just flirted a bunch and were on/off fwbs. He also helped me a lot with my problems and I felt close to him since we were from similar backgrounds. Turns out his personality was a sham and he only wanted to use me, then proceeded to insult me when I accused him of being toxic for blaming others when many tried helping him during a tough time. My best friend and him are still dating after more than half a year, and both of them think they are the victim in the love triangle.   
Many months before that, I was in a relationship with my best friend and said ex, who sexually assaulted and coerced me multiple times. It's been over a year and a half since we broke up, and I am absolutely traumatized with that relationship. I only came to fruition about it in late 2018 when I was able to get therapy. On top of this, shitty ex thought it would be great to flirt with my other best friend (while we were dating) and ask them out literally the week after we broke up.  


I've been in individual and group therapy for one school year and I \*thought\* I was doing better, but not enough. I'm tired of trying more than I have to. I'm tired of trying harder to impress a guy I like so I don't vomit all of my problems onto him. He's probably the only one I think cares about me, but god I can't trust anyone anymore after all of my situations with the closest of friends. My friends have also led pretty rough lives, but at least they are all coming to find their sense of belonging and love, but one after the other I am always in the shittiest of situations with family, friends, and school. I'm tired of being second choice in EVERY single aspect of life. I'm so fucking tired of it all. I want to end it now but I have an event this weekend that's keeping me from doing it, but I can't take it anymore. I'm done.