Why I will commit suicide in less than 30days.Many people asked me for the reason why I will commit suicide. It is a pretty long story with way to much information, would be worth making a book out of it. Haha. Anyways.. I decided to only post a part of the whole text so that you'll get the general idea of what is happening right now. This small part might seem a bit dumb to commit suicide for... I'll see maybe I'll post the whole version of it. Anyways here it is.


(...) Fast forward to me now 21 years old. Got a girlfriend and we are now in a committed relationship, she knows about my parents and she knows that I was suicidal... but what she doesn't know is that I am still suicidal. Last year I ran from my parents place to live at her place, got some therapy, had to stop taking therapy because my parents couldn't pay for it (and I don't work because I'm a full time studen), my parents made me feel like trash telling me that my depression is "fake drama", my parents manipulated me to go back to them (which lasted 2 months) and I got my driver's license. After I got the license I left them again and went to my girlfriend for good.

Now, brace yourselves. I got money from the government so that I can live alone. 12'000$ in total, 7500$ came into my banc account after summer vacation. My parents manipulated me into giving them 5000$ (don't ask my how they did it or why I did, I literally can't explain)... they claimed that the money was their money because they work hard and that this money comes from their paid taxes blablabla. They also defended their points by saying that with that money I had to pay my driver's license expenses (they promised me that they would pay, who would've thought that they'd take money that the government gave me to kinda survive), my "fake drama" and pay some of the expenses at home (gas, water, electricity and even food that I wasn't even eating). 

Now it's been nearly 3 months I've moved into an appartement with my girlfriend. One day we had a talk, she started crying and told me that she couldn't go on paying for everything, that she couldn't go on taking care of me "like I'm your mom!" (This one seriously hit me). I just sat there next to her, not even looking at her, and thinking "Why do things always end up like that? Why am I such a burden to her?"

I have been looking for a job since August 2019. Still haven't found one, I made some money here and there but it is not enough. So, my girlfriend said "If by the 1st of February you still haven't signed any contract, you will go back to your parents. I cannot go on like this." (Oh yeah btw, in this case she will also break up with me.)

For me the conclusion is easy, this time there is no roundabout. If I can't find a job it's over for me too. I don't want to continue living being a burden for people and especially my girlfriend. I CANNOT go back living with my parents, this would be the greatest psychological damage ever done to me. They'd manipulate and force me to go to church with then and I would for sure NEVER see my girlfriend again. I can't, I can't, I can't go back to my parents this would be mental suicide. I'm in a position in which no one can help me without causing any damage to anyone be it emotionally, physically or financially.

So, after struggling and struggling and struggling for months to find a job, I almost lost hope. 

On December 24th I had this thought of committing suicide again. I had a lot of time to think through it... waged all my possibilities.... and after realizing that there might be the end in front of me, I just began to feel extremely relieved. I have been waiting to die and cease to exist since I was 9 years old, I guess at least that wish will come through.