19M, I don't want to die, but I can't find the motivation to change and can't find happinessSo, right now, I've decided suicide is my best option.

About a month ago, I broke up with my girlfriend. Simple thing right, everyone goes through breakups, even I've been through ones before her and came out alright.

No. Not this time. Throughout this last month of reflection and trying to understand, I've learned I most likely have Dependent Personality Disorder, which is why I can't let her go amongst other reasons. I honestly feel like, right now as I'm typing this, the answers I'm going to get aren't going to help me, or they'll be the same answers I've gotten before. Imagine your dream girl in every single way, from head to toe appearance wise, down to her accent, the way she did things, her hobbies that she spends with you. I had that. Now also imagine they give you a sort of love you needed all your life, but didn't realize it until it was over. It was a very motherly, pampering kind of love. I had that. My ex was a combination of incredibly specific and rare things, she is truly one of a kind. The reason I'm telling you about her is because, aside from losing my dependent, it takes away from one of the things I wanted to try to live for: love. I am very convinced I will never find someone who will make me as happy ever again, even as young as I am. Nobody seems to understand how ideal she was for me, and how unique and rare someone like that is. She cut all communication, which is fair considering how it ended and how I was, but I am tortured every single day of unanswered questions about the relationship, not knowing how she feels and worrying about her, and constantly, constantly hoping and wondering and latching on to anything related to her talking to me again. I have tried to talk to new people, but every time I compare them to her and expect things from them she would do. I even asked someone I talked to last night if they could hug me and tell me everything is okay like she used to.

I examined myself a lot, asked places (I asked here awhile ago), and talked to people to learn about myself and my problems and where to go from here. I have what I need to get better and change, and for a little while my motivation was to be a great boyfriend and hopefully husband to another girl, now that I know my problems. I've just been lying to myself, I can't even accept anyone new anymore because I only want my ex, I obsess over her all the time. I wanted to get professional help to find out more about myself and really get better, but my parents do not support it, my mother got angry at me earlier for being depressed and not eating dinner with the family and not looking for a new job. I would like to get a new job, to maybe fund the therapy myself, but I don't want the money from it, and I feel like if I wanted to get therapy my parents would continue to be unsupportive of me. I'm at a point where I doubt it would help me either.

My only solutions feel like my ex talking to me again, or finding a new hope in life. I have not been happy since she left. I've noticed that I have never really found happiness on my own, I always place my happiness in others, and even if they hurt me and are toxic I'll forgive them or want to be with them just because they make me happy and comfortable. I've blamed myself for everything that happened in the relationship, and I still feel like thats right, because she made me so happy all the time, she never really did anything wrong, and everyone around me save for some people have told me yes, I am to blame. I wasn't this bad off until a day ago, where I learned a friend shes talked to every day since it happens thinks I should have killed myself when I was suicidal before. After we broke up she told me I deserve to die, and I feel like if someone she talks to thinks that way, then she must really think that way, it wasn't out of anger. I'll say again I have not spoken to her for over a month, I don't know anything, its things like this that are all I get to have any clue about how she feels about any of this. She hasn't made any attempts to contact me whatsoever since the breakup, but that could be for an infinite amount of reasons, I constantly have thoughts like that on my mind and it has degraded me to this point.

As far as a new hope in life goes...I barely enjoy anything anymore. I shared all of my hobbies with my ex, so approaching them again is just painful. I have picked up a new one and surrounded myself with new people, but most days I can't find the motivation to continue or get better or enjoy their new company. My happiness left with my ex, and she doesn't care about me anymore as far as I know. I shouldn't care about her either because of that, right? Haha, if only it was that easy. I should hate her and find reasons to resent her to get over her, right? Unfortunately, I can't hate her, or anyone thats ever made me happy, solely because of that. I'm to blame for everything anyway. The tiniest things remind me of her, even the pet name she had for me which I adored so much makes me feel horrible. It was puppy, and I tear up even typing it out. It meant so much to me, to be her puppy. 

I don't know what to do or where to go. I can't find it in myself to do anything, and I'm not sure about getting professional help. I'm not even sure I want to help myself, all I've ever wanted this entire time was to be with her again, and treat her right now that I know my problems, I want to be the guy she wanted. She motivated me to do everything, to get my first job, she'd wake me up for work even though it was at 4am with kisses. I can't be digging into these memories like this. I feel like the only way I can atone is by dying, she thinks I should anyway, and who knows who else she talks to does. I lost a lot of friends through this, by pushing them away, or by them siding with her. I still have many friends who have supported and showed serious concern for me, but they don't make me happy, I don't depend on them, they're just there. The times they helped me they really did help me, but I've only ever felt better for a moment. I write journals all the time about my feelings, and it just goes back and forth all the time. I'm back at suicide again. Every time I get some text, or a friend request somewhere, I get a panic attack thinking its her. I can't distract myself at all, even with new things. My parents don't really take me seriously, in the end my mom is just forcing things on me because they worked for her. Come eat dinner with the family, that does nothing for me, I've always felt detached from my family. Get a job, that does nothing for me, money doesn't make me happy at all. I don't know why she got so angry at me, she started calling my ex things, I don't get her behavior, I can't tell if she wants to help me or is just doing this because if I'm depressed it makes her look bad or something.

tl;dr? I'm fucking hopeless.
I'll most likely check responses for this tommorow, I'm feeling really exhausted again with all this and want to go to bed.