i'm to the point where i'm done fighting.i am almost to the point where i feel like i have no point in living anymore, i'm such a waste. i have had social anxiety for as long as i can remember, i have always felt weird around new people and when ever someone asks even a simple question i start blushing and freaking out its so embarrassing, but my mom and sister seem to think since i am socially awkward they can treat me like i have something mentally wrong with me. when ever someone speaks to me my mom butts in and will talk for me then she will say in a baby voice ''this is the youngest she is a little shy''. i don't understand why she has to do that she treats me like a little child and it pisses me off when she talks for me she always cuts me off. and my sister will normally do the same thing and has started this new thing where when ever i walk out across the street she tries to hold my hand, and i'm like what the hell are you doing? oh i'm just trying to make sure my little sister doesn't run out in front of cars'' really i'm fricking 15 and she does this in stores or when we are talking to people. it down right humiliates me. they both do it, am i really that stupid just cause i have social anxiety? like today my sister goes to things horse races whitch is just little fake model horses that run around a game bored, but i was sitting there and one of the ladies there was talking to me and ofcourse my mom butts in talking for me and says she is the little shy one she doesn't ever talk very much. i wanted to start crying i was so embarrassed. i have alot more things going on but i don't really want to talk about them. but for everyone to know i am homeschooled by a overprotective mother who doesn't allow me to do anything, not have any friends in real life or online. i'm not allowed to step foot outside (yes this includes my backyard) without her watching my every step.
no they won't change by talking to them they never listen.
can't talk to my dad cause he walked out when i was 11 and i only see him about 3 times a year. i have tried to commit suicide about three times one of them was the night of my birthday this year (march 21) but i wasn't brave enough. but i feel like trying again cause i really feel like a socially retarded freak, i can't speak to anyone without almost breaking in to tears. all i do is read in a room away from people. i'm a freak to my family cause i'm the only vegan. i have an eating disorder no one understands and i just bring everyone down. i know i must sound really annoying i normally am not like this.