I need everything to stopI don't know what I'm supposed to do.
I'm a junior in college and I still don't have anything I'm good at or want to be doing. I'm waiting all my time and money and energy just going through it but my family won't let me drop out. But even if I did leave, what then? I have 4 work study jobs to try to keep myself afloat but have never been able to secure a job outside of school and still have hardly anything saved up. My only friends are at school, and they live across the country when we're not there. I've nearly failed out of school 3 semesters in a row now and I don't expect this upcoming one to be any different. I can't function properly, I barely eat, and only leave my room for class and work. I've just never had anything to look forward to and regardless of whether I somehow graduate or if I finally drop out, there's nothing waiting for me afterwards. Outside of that, literally nothing in my life ever goes right. I haven't allowed myself to get excited about anything in years because it always, always goes wrong, often in the most unpredictable ways. Even my friends have noticed and completely agree that I'm a fucking living personification of Murphy's Law. I can't ever catch a break and I'm so, so tired. Take all of this and add on a shit ton of unresolved trauma that I still relive in my head every single day and that state of the world in general and it's really not hard to see why I've wanted to die for so long and now feel like I won't make it to February. The one and only thing keeping me alive is knowing that some people would be very upset and blame themselves if I killed myself, and I'm seriously contemplating cutting ties with everyone I know so maybe they won't be as upset. I never thought I'd make it past 15 years old, never mind where I am now, and have just been going through life entirely blind because what's the point in making any kind of plan when it's never going to work and I'm not expecting to be alive long enough to even try? The only plan I've ever had is how I'd kill myself, I just need to do it so this can finally stop.