Why was I born...   Im just a 15 year old guy who is depressed. My parents divorced before I was born and my single mother tried to raise 3 kids by herself. I was supposed to be an abortion, but because my mum went to church for aid, she was encouraged not to by the pastor. My family always had financial issues, my mother only working at a minimum wage job at a casino on night shifts. This meant that by the time I was 4 I was taken care of by my older brother and sister who were 14 years older than me. My older brother who had a gaming addiction as well as smoking in high school dropped out and was kicked out of the house. My sister went to college as a dentist and I had to care for myself since I was 7. Flashforward a few years, My mum finally bought a house opposed to the government housing we used to live in but after 3 years it burnt down. We had abusive neighbours one which was a school bully who was eventually kicked out. But my family decided to move soon after. My sister got married but recently we found out that her husband is very abusive sending her to the ICU twice, she moved in with us with here 2 kids and it was obvious she had mental health issues, she would laugh when noone was around, hallucinate about monsters and run around with a knife trying to "protect'' her babies from the monsters. Recently we've sent her to a mental hospital which we still dont know what her condition is. My brother who moved in recently to help us got arrested for being involved in a marijuana grow op and is in jail. My mother is extremely depressed and has voiced her wants to commit suicide, and if it werent for taking care of me she wouldve already. Meanwhile all these things have placed enormous amounts of stress on me as only my ability to do well in school and succeed will keep my family alive. However my family situation haas caused depression, and I am getting lower marks in school as a result which leads to even more stress from my family fueling the cycle. I can no longer deal with this stress anymore, previously I gamed as it would help me feel less stress, but because I have an asian parent who is very strict, she has prevented even that. Currently I have nothing to relieve my stress, my friends dont know as I dont have any close friends that I tell my problems too, I no longer do sports since moving away from my old friends who played soccer with me. Gaming was the only way I could communicate with people socially as Im a shy person irl. Now its like Ive lost all my support, my mother feels that I cant possibly be stressed or depressed because she has even more stuff to worry about which is true. However I am still only a kid and can only tolerate so much. I want to do well and succeed but as I grow older the more it feels that these goals are getting further away. I have mental issues as well, although I havent seen a doctor I know I have problems, whenever Im stressed I bite the skin around my fingers until they bleed, I have impulses to do things and only by pinching myself hard can I control them. I seem to go through mood swings, 1 hour Ill be joking and talking the next Ill be silent and ignoring other talking to me. I feel like there is nothing I can do to help my situation. I am tempted to start doing drugs, but I dont want to ruin my life just yet. But I feel like I cant stand anymore pressure or else Im gonna break, I already have suicidal thoughts and think about how to end it all already. I just wanted to have a good life. While my story may not be the hardest on here, I just dont think I can make it through anymore...... Anyways I just wanted to tell someone my story, it helps lift some weight off my chest. Thanks for reading