My only friend the one person i loved left me.It's been 3 months and there has not been a single day where i haven't weeped, recently i started cutting myself too. I can't think about anything else. nothing no matter how hard i try. i just keep thinking about killing myself yesterday after crying for 4 hours uncontrollably i made a run for the roof of my apartment just to find out it was locked. i have tried hanging myself multiple times but it doesn't work out maybe i never got a rope that's why. i wish i could get my hands on some poison i wish i could i could end it in a sure way i would in a second. I remember the last time i started feeling like this it was 2 years back i used to cut daily and was suicidal and now i am older but back at the same spot. I feel like nothing has changed. Everyday i wish something happens to me and i die. Everyday i wish i die in an accident. I wish it everytime i get in a vehicle sometimes i close my eyes and pray that it happens even though im an atheist. i don't want this life i don't want to exist here. the pain i feel is far more painful than any cut on my arm or any accident I've ever been in. i don't desire life i don't desire money i don't desire happiness. i have two desires one is that person one is death i have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety but not ever clearly which fucks me up more. i need help but i don't think anyone can help me i have isolated myself from everyone i have isolated myself from myself i have nothing in my mind except pain. i have her photo on the back of my mobile and it takes me a second to start wailing if i see that photo. i just go to the bathroom and start wailing uncontrollably because i live with 3 other people. they see the pain on my face they see how i just came back from crying they ask me what happened but i can't open my mouth because I'll start crying again. someone please end this life. i don't want to exist i don't want to be here i just want to be gone i want to have peace i want to stop thinking.