Always wanted thisI'm 19. When I look at my life I never really wanted to live, I was always looking at the next step and then hoping maybe then I would be happy, but in the back of my head knowing I wouldn't. I never wanted to kill myself, but I wanted to die so that someone else could be happy. Deep down that's all I want. Whether it's for a cause I believe in, or that someone else doesn't have to die. I'm not sure why I feel that way. A strong childhood memory is my asking my dad when i was 5 if i could die so that someone else could be born. 

In middle school I tried to kill myself, I only had a few friends and was pretty socially awkward, I took a handful of vicodin. I survived and failed all in one. So fast forward to high school, I'm surrounded by friends, passed through a lot of girlfriends, not socially awkward, still not happy. 

Well for one winter always makes my depression worse. 
So in January I couldn't take feeling worthless, so I took my Dad's .380 pistol, manually chambered a round. Sat for at least 2-3 hours with that gun trying to get the courage to pull the trigger, finally did, nothing. The round was jammed. It wasn't when I put it in and cycled it forward, but when I actually pulled the trigger it was jammed. I know most of reddit isn't christian, but I took this as a sign from god that I'm supposed to do something with my life.

I'm still not happy. I want to die right now more than anything, but not without helping someone else be happy and live. I'm not talking material things, those mean nothing to me, I'm talking about a life, happiness.

I tried to drink away the pain for a little while. Well one night after drinking I got into a fight, a "friend" was getting beat up, I stood up for him, and ended up being arrested for assault and battery, and I was eventually charged with a disorderly conduct misdemeanor, and I'm on probation.

I figured a good way to achieve my goal would be to go into being a Paramedic. I started EMT-B, am done with it next week, clinical's and ride alongs have been my favorite things in the world. I was charged with this 6 months after the fact, and halfway through my semester of EMT-B. I am fairly certain I can't get licensed and employed as an EMT or paramedic with that on my record, I'm not smart enough for it anyways. I can't achieve my dream, I'm broken and alone. My best friend has seen me through all of this, I've hid all that i could from him, but he was still there. but we have become distant here lately. I'm broken and alone, broken and alone. My phone is a paperweight, it just sits there silently. I've been trhough depression and panic attacks, alone, but i can't do it anymore, I just wanna die, and for a reason. 