random noiseI don't have anyone to share this with, so reddit, you can have it. 
I am having a hard time right now, so I thought I might write this. Get some of these unpleasant and unsettling feelings out of my head. There has been a strong longing for death feeling squatting around my head. 
When I try to analyze this feeling, I always come back to 2 conclusions. 

1. The existential point of humanity does not exist or can't be known
2. I do not gain joy from the act of working on a task. 

I genuinely believe my brain only receives reward chemicals at the successful completion of a task. Here I am, a seemingly highly intelligent person, and I just feel helpless to really deliver on my own potential. Yet this isn't really about having external observers recognize and praise me. I feel to the very core of my existence, that I am a truly gifted and intelligent person. I feel like a retarded genius. Left to my own devices, I am without action, unable to leverage myself against life. So I am only motivated to action by external events. I feel that there was a small slice of time, very soon after I started transition, that this curse was lifted. I raised myself long enough to get myself surrounded by the external force of Education. I have been riding this wave of aliveness for a number of years now. I don't know where I am going with this. I have lost the metaphor. What I am trying to say is that the external force enacted on me at work requires that I push myself. That I take action of my own accord. Doing this makes me want to die. I know now why I have languished my life away. Because participating in life is depressing. We work for nothing. We accomplish nothing. Yet, our potential is un-measurable. I can not unify these two emotions. The bleakness of our empty existence, knowing that there must be a way for humanity to unify and overcome this. We are our only saviors from ourselves. This is why I don't want to be alive anymore. Because I can't even save myself. I am tired of fighting my own bullshit. The whole thing just makes me want to not think, to not feel, to not act, anymore. I don't know how to make this stop. This is not how I want to feel. Alas, I don't know how I want to feel, or perhaps I could get myself there. Right now, I just feel stuck.