Mentally Abusive Father is Driving my Mom to SuicideMy mother feels absolutely hopeless. She got back with my father five years ago after three years apart and expected him to change, instead, he's become ten times the devil and my mom feels stuck in a web. She had 60,000 to go back to school, he fed off of that like a leech, now she has no degree and jobs don't call her back, i.e. no income to get an apartment. Her parents are useless, a dying father with a son leeching off of him while the mom just watches. She contacted her relatives and they've all fucking blown her off, and my dad's side of the family is the root of her problems. His mom was a racist fuck (may she rot in hell) and routinely sabotaged good things in my mom's life, manipulated our grandfather into a spineless, dickless son of a bitch that is just as evil as she is, and my dad practically sucked both their dicks to get recognition. My dad's a narcissist who's the laziest, slimiest piece of shit that acts just like his mother and has been "punishing" my mom for leaving by isolating her through money and friends (he's so damn obnoxious every time mom's friend comes over he practically chases them away), and ever since my grandmother died, my grandfather has conspired with my dad to hide away money from his inheritance so that my mom nor his grandchildren (there are four of us) along with money from his piss-poor income vanishing in hundreds every week. She says she's only staying with my dad this long so that when my grandfather kicks the bucket she can assure that my siblings and I (19, 16, 14, 14) get some inheritance, after undoubtedly a long legal battle with my dad's wealthy sister who WILL try to take half. We recently found evidence of him cheating, and he gets a kick out of us catching him texting or calling her. My mom feels worthless, overdoses on PM pills regularly, and after having this tough of a life, she repeatedly says that she doesn't want to wake up the next day, last night I found her drinking wine when she never drinks it. We've tried, couple, individual, and family counseling, but none of them seem to work, my mom won't talk to a hotline (I've explained in multiple chats how she feels and they just want to speak to her), and she feels suicide is more inviting than living with her spouse's deranged side of the family for who the hell knows how long. I don't want her to do something drastic in an argument or hurt herself, and she won't go to a doctor for help. She can't confront my dad about it, because he fucking knows what he's doing and if she dies before my grandfather he's gonna roll in the house with his new bitch who knows about the money he and his father have tucked away. My mom is stuck, has nowhere to go, and desperately needs help. WHERE THE FUCK DO I GO???? WHO CAN HELP????