Is it selfish to want to die, even though your life could be worse?I mean, my parents are happily married, I have a roof over my head, college isn’t too bad and I have enough money to afford the things I want, but I still can’t shake off this feeling of emptiness. 

I don’t know if anyone will actually read this, but here’s my story. I guess that I started to develop suicidal feelings at around the age of 12, I was best friends with a guy for around a year before I confessed that I had feelings for him, he turned me down nicely but I just couldn’t get over it. It sounds so lame when I think about it and I cringe every time. Somewhere down the line, I started to pay more attention to my weight. Even though I wouldn’t go as far as saying that I had an eating disorder, I used to weigh myself a few times a day, always stare at myself in the mirror and restrict what I ate. Since I skipped breakfast and didn’t eat lunch at school because I became uncomfortable eating around people, I would only eat one meal a day, which was usually quite small and low in calories. I would consider this the lowest point in my life, even though I had four close friends that were always there supporting me. Even though I had suicidal thoughts, I never self harmed in case someone would see the scars, and I never tried to commit suicide since I didn’t know how to. (Overdose wasn’t an option since I don’t have any pills in my house, slitting my wrists seemed really painful and there was nothing to use to hang myself off of). Now, things just seem to be going downhill for me. I left school with two close friends, and a few months ago, one of them cut contact with me because she just didn’t want to be my friend anymore. I saw it coming as she became more distant but it really effected me because she was the first person that I talked to about my feelings. I miss her and sometimes hope that we can reconcile, but I know that that won’t happen. I have another friend who is becoming more distant too. I hope that we stay friends since I wanted to have at least one school friend. The thing is, she is struggling with an eating disorder and I feel worthless because I don’t know how to help her. This probably makes me a bad person but every time she tells me about how little calories she’s eaten and how much excercise she’s done, it makes me feel insecure about myself. You see, we’re around the same height and weight and when she talks about how she’s too fat, it makes me wonder if she sees me in that way too. (For reference we both weigh around 7 stone). I don’t know what I’m really doing with my life anymore, I enjoy my college course but I doubt that it’s going to get me far in life and sometimes I just want to end it all, but I think that I’m too cowardly to try. 

I probably went off track, and I don’t know what I’m hoping to achieve by posting this, but I just wanted to get something off my chest.