Fell in love w/ an addict &amp; I’m in troubleThrowaway account because obvious reasons. 

I’ve gotten myself into a situation that I’m not sure how to work my way out of. My life has been rapidly declining for years but this is next level,

2019 was supposed to be the year I swore off love &amp; toxic friendships &amp; flaky family members &amp; took my life back. I’m a teacher and I’ve been at the same school for four years. I’ve lived in the same city my whole life. I was miserable. So, I put in my notice for the end of the school year, and my plan was to move 8 hours away to a bigger city and start completely over. 

Then I met someone. 

He lived two hours away from me in the next state over. We saw each other infrequently at first, but as time went on I started driving to stay with him every weekend. I told him I wasn’t interested in love and relationships at this point in my life, but emotions took over. It progressed to the point where we decided I would change my plans and move to the city where he resides. He told me he loved me a hundred times a day. He said he wanted to marry me. It was very intense and, for a short while, I was happy. 

This person had disclosed to me right off the bat that he was a recovering addict - alcohol, cocaine, and heroine. I know, I know... He assured me that he had been clean &amp; sober for nearly a year and that things were fine. I’m an enormous empath and thought he deserved a chance. I think you can see where this is going. 

Things started to get strange a few weeks ago when he started having all sorts of “emergencies.” His tire blew out. He had a doctors appointment for his subs and his insurance had run out. He was trying to open a bank account and needed to pay old overdraft fees. The list goes on and on. I wired him money until Moneygram shut us off. So, he would wait until I got up there on Friday nights to ask. One particularly outlandish story involved a drug dealer following him because he owed a large sum of money. It was freaky.

Things started to get really weird one particular weekend when he had me pay for a shady motel room, because he wanted to get away from his house. Okay, sure I guess. His phone had shattered earlier in the day, so he was using mine. At about 3 AM that first night, he took my phone, took my debit card, and took my car, saying he was going to get sleeping meds at CVS down the street. He came back 4 hours later. I was so upset, I knew then something was very wrong, but he blamed it on the GPS and I didn’t have any proof otherwise, so I let it go. The next day, I leave to get food for myself (this boy doesn’t eat) and I come back to find all my clothes and belongings scattered all over the room, as well as crushed up white powdery stuff on the bottom of a ripped up coke can. He said it was his meds &amp; he was boofing them. Okay dude... 

The last day I’m there that weekend, he has me drive to his “friends” house where he had “left his ID” &amp; then makes me pull over at a gas station where he uses the bathroom for a good 20-30 minutes. Meanwhile, I’m buying money orders across the street to cover his &amp; one of his roomates portions of the rent, because it had all been blown through due to “emergencies.” I had given him rent money for that month twice already. It had disappeared. 

The obvious signs were there, especially in these last couple weeks. Not eating, throwing up, wearing long sleeves even though the AC was broken. Things in the house with his roommates going missing. Leaving and coming back with vague excuses. Ugh. 

The final straw was on this past Monday, the day after I had come back. I went grocery shopping and my card was declined, even though I had just gotten paid. I check my recent transactions, and there’s ATM withdraw, ATM withdraw, ATM withdraw... he had literally taken my card and drained my bank account. I have $7 dollars to my name. 

I called him and demanded to know the truth. He confessed he was using heroin again. I asked him when he had relapsed... he said a few days prior. 

Bullshit. I did a shitty thing then... he had used my phone the weekend at the motel and had logged into his Facebook with it. I read through hid messages and... it’s just as everyone reading this already knows, but I was too fucking scared to admit to myself. He had spun so many lies and used about $3,000 of my money, either on heroin or bills I was covering for him. I had bought him an X-box as an early birthday present which he had traded for dope. He had stolen from his roommates and their small children. He had gotten to the point of trying to trade in his one good pair of shoes. 

He had not been sober for a year. Not at all. Not only was he on and off heroin, he was using and selling benzos, acid, fucking crystal meth at one point. 

I am far from the only person he has manipulated for money. His life has been utter chaos, moving from rehab to halfway home to his since abandoned car to his moms house... he makes up outlandish stories to girls and to friends and often times, because he’s so believable and frantic, they’ll indulge him. A couple people in particular really broke my heart. 

 Now me, the idiot empath, has signed the lease to the apartment already, is supposed to be moving in two weeks, and is fucked. This man is in rehab. He wants to come live with me when he gets out. I see how he lives his life - he moves somewhere, spins his fucking tornado, and leaves. I don’t even think I’m strong enough to tell him no. I know no one else in the city. My career is over. All of my money is gone. I hate myself for not trusting my instinct, and for falling in love again, and for actually thinking this time could be different, because humans are terrible. I want to fucking die. 

If you made it this far... thanks.