A dilemma of constant fearYou can call me Joshua. I'm currently at the age of 14 and I've been having suicidal thoughts since I was 9 years old. My life has constantly been at war with itself of where to go with major decisions of what I want to do. I already have a plan, I already know what day is would be on, and I've attempted to talking with others about my constant struggles. I've been seeing a therapist since I was in the 5th grade though recently I feel it's becoming more unreliable as some of our main talking points are referring to small events and disciplinary actions rather than mental help/education or domestic problems. I would also like to mention that I have a sister, but I've had fear of her ever since she was 13 and began to physically abuse me since I was 5. 

The physical abuse may have set the building blocks for my other issues that I'll get to in one second. Back in the 5th grade, I was also diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Asperger's Syndrome. Few years later, I was tested to officially see if I had these disorders that the Public School system claimed I had. I was ranked above average in nearly every subject I was tested in for my age and confirmed that, "Yes, Joshua does have these disorders." I was prescribed with Methylphenidate (Concerta) and eventually upgraded to Adderall. By the time I was prescribed with the Adderall, I attended a private school out of the state due to bullying confrontations at the public school.

The day I took the Adderall was when my depression and anxiety really took hold in my judgmental conscious about the possibility of suicide. I wrote a suicide note, stating I would end my life on May 29th, 2015 due to an overdose of the Adderall. I showed it to three of my friends; David, Joe, and Gabriel. Though all were greatly concerned for my well-being, Gabriel told his parents about the suicide attempt and eventually staff &amp; faculty at the private school. 

On May 20th, the guidance consular, nurse, and both principals, decided to confront me about the suicide attempt and decided to summarize: kick me out of the school until I was confirmed to be not suicidal. Later that night, I was sent to the ER for suicidal tendencies and placed on the suicide watch for about 3 hours until I was escorted to a another hospital with an adolescent program for troubled children. Stayed there for 6 days and was prescribed Escitalopram (Lexapro). 

I fear to take Escitalopram because of the nausea symtoms, I fear to tell my parents, the suicide lifeline, and anyone of a remote amount of authority due to the trauma I experienced when placed on suicide watch. I've been so content on taking my own life that I set my voice mail on my cell phone as a suicide threat, and it feels that everything is being controlled under what society thinks is "best" for me. 

I'm just beginning to get into high school and I stress and fear that any day I'll just lose it and I'll have to let my body just rest. It's a crossroad that has infinite amount of paths that none seem appealing to go with following. I'm just a useless adolescent that doesn't that's completely in shambles and ends spending nearly the whole time as a hermit.

If life goes nowhere, why continue living it? 