TW for self harmI (23) cut myself for the first time in 10 years. I've always been depressed but I haven't been suicidal since I was in high school and I haven't cut myself since I was in middle school. My depression is always present but sometimes it's worse than other times. The past couple days have been hard on me with both my depression and anxiety. I cried myself awake this morning and I didn't want to get out of bed, but my friend sent me a video she made and it made me feel a lot better. We talked on the phone for a bit and my face literally hurt from laughing so much. Afterwards though, I got into an argument with my mom about something stupid and I had a nervous breakdown. I couldn't breath, or stop crying and when my mom came into my room to talk to me she hit me in the face with a stuffed animal repeatedly as this was happening and she laughed. I don't think she realized I was having a nervous breakdown and might have been trying to cheer me up but it just made it worse. Then I overheard her talking to my step dad about me and she said she was embarrassed that his coworkers on the phone overheard me yelling. I was still uncontrollably crying when she came in to nag me about how I never do anything so I screamed at her to leave me alone, she did after about 5 minutes and she left for the day with my step dad to go for a walk and shop. It got even worse after she left the house and I had a full blown panic attack, I kept saying "help" but nobody's here. I really wanted to die, like I kept invisioning it so I broke a rozor apart and cut my arm. It's been so long, I forgot how sharp and effective they are and I cut deeper than I meant to. I just wanted to feel something so I would stop thinking about killing myself but I couldn't even feel it. It's so deep but I felt nothing. I still want to die but I really regret what I just did. It didn't do anything but make me feel worse and fuel my breakdown and I don't know what to do now... I just needed to rant and wrote this out because I have nobody in my life I can talk about this with