It's over. My heart hurts so much every day I can't take it anymoreI doubt anyone cares but I need to type it down im case it helps:


My entire life was a failure. I have failed at every single stage of this miserable life. As I write this I am having problems breathing because of the pain that destroys my heart every second.



My whole life I was told that if I was a good boy and studied hard got decent grades I would do fine in life. I spent all my teenage years studying hard earning top grades and ending every single year at top of my class.



After graduating high school as valedictorian I went to the best college in the entire region. Studied civil engineering since construction was booming (middle east). Ended up graduating with distinction.


Too bad though, the construction boom is over and everyone struggling to find a job. Luckily I ended up earning a job at one of the top design firms in the middle east. I earn a staggering 20k a year. I even did a master's in Engineering management/financial engineering while working full time and ended up top of my class but for what? Still in the same place doing nothing all day long for a shit salary. Meanwhile everyone who spent their entire youth having fun earn more and are better off. Is it fair? No life is not fair but I'm done playing this game. It's over, some ppl r lucky some aren't we just have to accept it and move on.


You know I think this is it for me. When you realise that your entire life was a lie. You did everything society wanted u to do and yet you failed. You gave up all the fun and worked hard for what? Here I am, failing professionally socially financially with no brighter future on the horizon.

My life might end at any moment now. I lost hope and faith in everything. Only god can save me because I have nothing left. My hopes and dreams have been shattered beyond repair. Life is pointless at this point. 

TL,DR: It's over, my hopes and dreams are shattered and I will not live the rest of my life miserable. It's time to go next!






