Sometimes I wish I was dead [M15]I used to love be relaxed and level headed, but now I'm moody, emotional, and irritable a lot of the time. I used to have a friend which I could rely on but we've lost contact (we don't live in the same area) and even before we lost contact, we would barely talk about anything important or relevant to how we felt. We didn't vent to each other anymore. I barely see him online anymore and he's turned into an alcoholic last I've heard. Another friend of mine has also turned into an alcoholic to deal with his life problems, and I feel like I'm falling under a lot of pressure.

Every day I come home from school tired and irritable. I've got 4 periods in a day, Physical Education, Health Team Relations (nursing program), Geometry, and World History. I have to focus hard on the things to maintain an above-average GPA, something I want to ensure a scholarship or two to help pay for college, since I have no money or savings for college at all. I feel like highschool has really drained my energy for everyday living. Ever since it started I've noticed the trend of being tired every day when coming home or near the end of the school day. I feel like I've got no one to talk to about my problems, and I feel disgusted by some things I've thought of.

I'm in a relationship with a girl in my same grade, we both love each other very much. I dealt with some paranoia problems (not self-diagnosing here, but I did feel very anxious 24/7) because of my insecurities. I've dated in the past and every relationship has ended up with the girl cheating on me. I was scared she would do the same to me, and to be honest she was very naive when it came to dating. She would flirt with other guys unknowingly and give them tons of signals. It felt like work trying to get her to stop sending them the wrong message. 

My paranoia issues are over, while they still linger, but I've had some thoughts that I don't like. I've had lucid dreams of me killing people, specifically my girlfriend and a (fake) anonymous person who she cheated on me with in the dream. It scares me that I would ever think that, I love her to death. I don't want to feel that way and I don't want to harness hatred towards her for her past/current actions.

For some reason whenever I've been put in stressful situations I feel an "empty" feeling inside my chest and I get the thought "I really wish I was dead right now," or something like "I wish I wasn't alive." 

It feels like the only one [I love; I hate.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqQtqEMqQ4E)

My only close friends are becoming alcoholics and unresponsive, and I feel like I can't help them when they're in need. I've become much more misanthropic and anti-social. I've noticed a bit of arrogance in my tone sometimes and it's starting to bother me. I don't like these changes, so...

Can anyone help?

