The world isn't what it used to be..I miss that world back in 2005-2015 when things were much more simple, I was still depressed and all, but for the last 5 years or so, it's been hell. The world sucks, most people do, all they talk about is negative stuff and politics and angry discussions about pointless things. Prior to 2015 or so, people actually had fun on the internet. Now everyone is here to fight, and fight for what exactly? Fuck if I know or care. 

I wish I can just fucking go and disappear in a place where no people and governments can come and tell me what to do. I don't want to play their sick games anymore. I refuse to be a subject to political agendas and have my life influenced by morons who worship scheming liars and take them for role models. Nobody at the top cares about everyday people. And nobody sees it and I'm so mad. 

I wasn't meant for this world. Their problems, causes, goals, agendas are just not for me. I don't care about who's gonna bring in more decay into society. Because we're all slaves anyway. Working over 70% of our lives is just not worth the hassle. Nobody can provide actual happiness to people. Do you know why? Because humans were never meant to develop that way. Yeah we've advanced our lives and technology, great. We can't even really enjoy the fruits of that success being at work 40 hrs a week.

I hate the media, I hate their agendas, double standards, demonisation of others, selective what they want and ignoring the rest trying to make points. Fuck brainwashing. Fuck Hollywood, they're boring at best. Fuck having children, who needs more running little shits around only to grow up and be a part of same never ending cycle. Fuck education that's not going to prepare you for the real world, because if you actually got the tools to break free from slavery, they're in trouble and they aren't having any of that.

I hope climate change is real. I really hope the media isn't exaggerating. I want to see the world burn and people finally suffering consequences of being the complete cunts that they've always been.

I'm not a human being and will never identify as one anymore. Might look like one, but I have nothing in common with the average person who's satisfied at being a slave, bickering over bullshit online in their free time. No thank you I have a fucking brain.