I hate myself and I want to dieI'm just so depressed and lonely.  I tried calling the samaritans line but the woman I spoke to just seemed so bored as I was speaking to her I hung up.  

It's nearly 6am, I've been awake all night crying.  I used to take medication for my depression but I've come off it because I can't afford it.  I lost my job, I loved my job, I looked forward to going everyday, but it all went away.  It shut down, I fought to try and keep it going, my boss didn't have my back when I needed support, he just didn't care.  The friends I thought I had there just weren't my friends in the end, they were just people I knew.  

No work meant I had to sign on to benefits, but I was so depressed, I tried going on the sick but I found the whole PIP thing so scary I just couldn't fill in all the forms or go to the meetings so I just don't have anything.  I have no money at all, I'm living in my parents spare bedroom and sometimes I steal a pound or two out of my mothers purse so that I can buy food because I'm not allowed theirs.  

I used to have a best friend on the internet, I would talk to her every day.  We spoke for years, she even came from America to visit me, then she met a guy.  Everyday became every couple of days, then once a week, then she basically 'broke up' with me because she just wanted to spend time with her boyfriend and though she promised she'd still talk to me, she hasn't in eight months.  

I used to have a lot of friends, but they all went away.  There was a girl who was toxic, she wormed her way into every part of my life and just took it over.  She used to be the one who had no friends, but she took all my friends away from me, and now I don't see any of them anymore.  

I don't have any siblings, and all my cousins are in relationships, they all talk about me behind my back and never include me in anything they organise together.  

No one has ever loved me.  I've never had a relationship that lasted long.  I'm fat and I'm ugly, I had a couple of boyfriends when I was young, and then nothing for ten years.  I was so lonely I ended up going out with a guy I met on plenty of fish, I knew he was a scum bag, I knew he was messaging other girls and sending them nudes, I knew he was trying to have sex with a bunch of other girls, and probably did.  I knew he'd lied to me about everything he'd told me about himself, but I was so lonely and I'd been alone for so long I ended up going out with him anyway.  I ended up sleeping with him multiple times, unprotected and I ended up paying for the hotels to stay in.  I did it because he was good looking and I was so alone.  I thought if I got pregnant then at least I'd have something that loved me.  

I've not been able to sleep, I've lost my entire appetite but I've been binging despite not wanting any food.  I made a list of reasons to live vs reasons to die, I couldn't think of a single reason I should go on, but I thought of 15 solid, practical reasons why I should just end myself.  

I miss my friends.  I'm just so alone.