This will probably get buried, but I'm out of options.No doubt that this will probably sound exactly like every other post on this subreddit. But I don't know what else to do. It's come to the point that I make myself physically sick every single day. Even as I type this my stomach is turning and my head is light and I feel like I'm barely holding on. There is no use in explaining my pathetic life story, or when this began, or what caused it, because honestly, I don't fucking know. Depression is all I know, all I remember. I was only 12 when I first "tried" to kill myself. A pathetic attempt obviously. And as far back into my childhood as I can remember, I always imagined death to be blissful. 

I fucking hate being alive. From the second I wake up to the second I go to bed and every second in between I have a very loud voice in my head saying, "You should kill yourself today." But for some fucking reason I don't. I come close. I'll cry for as long as possible, get prepared, then..... no. My mind just decides, "I think I'm going to suffer another day." Why? Why do I do this to myself? I literally have no friends. No one. I don't talk to my family. I have a boyfriend. How the fuck I managed to do that, I don't know. But with the combination of my Major Depression, Borderline Personality Disorder, and daily breakdowns, all I do is hurt him. All I do is drag him down to my level and make him feel helpless. He is very supportive but I do not count him as a "support system." Yes, he is literally the only person I have in my life, but with my inability to trust people and my fear of being left alone, that leaves me with no one, completely no one to talk to. On top of that, I'm living with somebody who reminds me every single day that the world wishes I'd kill myself, and if that doesn't seem to work, then they resort to physically reminding me. I have no where else to go, so I deal with it. "Why don't you try therapy? Why not medication?" No health insurance. No help, whatsoever. I have nothing. And to top it off, my thyroid medication, which I physically need, is all gone. And with no insurance, the government doesn't give a shit.

The world has made it very clear they don't want me here. I don't want to be here. I started up a noose today but of course, can't follow through. No meds to overdose with, and cutting my throat or stabbing sounds rediculously brutal. I'm tired of feeling like this day after day. I'm tired of getting so depressed that I throw up. I'm tired of not having anybody. I want friends, I want family, but I'm so scared. I hate living. I'm so close. I'm begging for anyone to help. Anyone to just pretend like you care. I'm so tired.