Just want to put my thoughts into words...Well... I don't really know how to start this. I guess I'll start off by saying that I'm not truly considering suicide at the moment. I just couldn't do that to my family. I came here to find people that share similar problems and people that I could maybe talk with. I don't know how long this is going to be. It's late and I'm probably going to go to bed soon. I'll try to remain composed throughout this post which definitely doesn't reflect my current mindset.

I'm a high school sophomore at a small school... and I hate everything. That's not even an exaggeration. It's truly the most depressing thing in my life. There is not one thing, one activity or one person that makes me truly happy. I'm simply unable to find enjoyment in literally anything. It's a fucking curse. I use to find enjoyment in coming home from school and relaxing, playing video games and watching TV. But now, I don't even have that much time to relax. And when I do relax, I've convinced myself that doing useless shit by myself, in my own home, makes me useless. I've demoralized myself so much that even doing nothing brings me utter sadness. I force myself to do shit that I HATE. I don't why. Maybe it's just for the sake of doing SOMETHING. Maybe it's just for the sake of showing my parents that I'm not worthless. 

And then there's my social life, or the lack thereof. I know most of you right now are saying "Oh god another angsty teen complaining about his small fucking problems again." But for me they're not small. For me they're the biggest fucking problems in the world. I know they're not. But that apparently doesn't change anything! They consume me from the inside out. I guess I have friends. But that depends on your definition of a "friend". If your definition of a friend is someone who truly cares for you, then no... I have no friends. If your definition of a friend is someone who you hang out with after school. Then once again... I have no friends. The only people that truly care about me are my parents. Yet for some reason I treat them like shit. I'm brief and sarcastically annoying around them. They care about me but instead of being grateful, I shun them and seclude myself in my room everyday. They're the reason I don't think I could ever harm myself. 

Plus, as a teenager, other teenagers and their popular social status really get to me. When I come to school and hears my "friends" talking about shit they did together over the weekend without me, I don't get angry... I just get sad and try to find reasons why. But then when I DO get invited to parties or events, I say no. Once again, I don't know why. Its almost like I'm choosing to be sad. 

Even though I don't think I'd ever truly harm myself, I often wonder what the point of life is if I can't find enjoyment in anything. What should I do? Is this just common sadness or do I have a mental illness? I want to feel joy. But I don't even know what joy is...