DoubtfulMy life underwent a period of great disappointment. I felt horrible and wanted to cry every single day. I couldn't do anything, eventually I started procrastinating just about every homework I had. I tried to, but I couldn't manage to get anything done. Now I'm back, I don't even know what happened, it just did. However, I know part of this is because I've been working on my anxiety, and I'm getting better at handling panic attacks/depressive episodes. Most of these feelings in fact arise from self esteem issues, the fear of dying without ever having a good relationship (And I mean sharing a deep emotional bond with someone, sex has always been an afterthought for me), and just being lonely in general. I have a few friends, but I only get to spend quality time with them every 2 or 3 months, same goes with my family. I'm often trying to get schoolwork done, either trying but failing, or just working. So far things seem to get better, and I hope I can at least recover from this semester with decent enough grades, but the thing is that I'm planning on studying medicine, it's something that has always intrigued me and that I've always looked forward to. The problem is that I know medicine school requires a lot of sacrifice, drinking coffee almost everyday, sometimes not being able to sleep, a lot of work and information to memorize, and not being able to be present for what will be almost three fourths of my life (If I get to live that many years). I'm afraid I won't be able to handle it, that eventually I will snap and feel alienated and excluded from people because of the lack of social contact, and I don't even know if there are real people out there who are willing to make a strong bond with me even though I can't always be there for them, it just doesn't seem logical for someone to consider me close if I'm always missing, just like how it's happening to me right now. I fear the thoughts will come again and ruin what could be a hard but good future... and I don't want to be there again... I'm scared. I just want to know if there are people who have actually developed strong bonds despite lack of constant interaction, that's all I wish for, a thought to cling on, to not lose hope again. Thank you so much if you have read what I've written so far.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR : I'm recovering from suicidal thoughts generated by loneliness and I really want to study medicine, but I'm afraid I won't be able to develop strong bonds with anyone because I will be mostly absent, and then I will relapse