My best friend is self-harming and contemplating suicide due to an unsafe and unstable environment at home.Recently I made a post about feeling suicidal myself. I'm not doing quite as badly anymore and would not consider myself to be at high risk.
However, one of my closest friends (she's 15, if that gives you an idea of her legal abilities and rights) has been feeling suicidal for about a month now. She has self-harmed or exhibited suicidal behavior in the past but that was years ago. This time, however, is because of arguments she's been getting into with her mom.
I wasn't sure what the initial arguments were about, but I do know that it escalated when she told the school counselor her suicidal feelings that resulted from those arguments. The counselor then told her mom, who, in turn, took her phone and the verbal fights got even worse after that.
She has her phone back now but today went far downhill. Her mom made a joke about her committing suicide, as she told me over Facebook, and she told/showed me where she had been cutting her leg for the past few weeks. 
The part that jarred me the most was when she said she had contemplated using the blade on her throat instead of her leg. “I always want to make the PAIN go away and not my LIFE but it's getting backwards.”
She told me that she had visited 2-3 counselors over the past month but that they had all told her to ignore how unsafe she felt at home. Her mother had studied to become a therapist in college and uses tactics she had learned to manipulate counselors into not listening to my friend.
I asked the person if she could stay at the house of a friend or loved one, but she told me that her mom would not let her leave and that her mom would have her and the friend/loved one arrested if she tried to seek refuge with them.
We discussed calling a suicide hotline—I brought it up and she seemed to want me to do it, but she told me that if a person of authority came to her house and ended up not taking her somewhere else, that things would only get worse at home. We didn't call the hotline tonight because it's half past ten and she was going to sleep, but we made an agreement to call tomorrow if possible.
This is what I know; there is likely more to the story as to the cause of the first argument and the extent to which her mother is causing her emotional and psychological pain. 
Is there anything else I can do? What should I say to encourage her and what would you have to say to her? Also, what hotlines or numbers in general could result in her being taken to a safer place to stay? 
