I don't want to live anymoreI need help. I’m done with life and don’t want to live anymore. I’ve tried asking the people I thought were closest to me but they just hurt even more or plain ignore me so , who better to ask than strangers.

Some of the stuff I’m about to write is hard to get out.

Im a 22 year old living in Spain originally from the uk. I’ve been felling this way for years but only a few months ago realised how bad it really is.Ive never felt at home. nobody has ever made me feel comfortable or safe. No one has ever made me believe they care about me or love me.

Ive forgotten the amount of times I’ve cried myself to sleep not wanting to wake up. It takes so much just to get out of bed and brush my teeth of a morning. I hate everything I see in the mirror and see no-one beside me.

I've lost interest in the things I used to do as a kid my sleep is all over the place I either sleep too much or not enough the same for my diet.

I don’t have any close friends of girlfriend and my family don’t seem to care.

Im not close with any of my family, I’m probably the ¨black sheep¨

My parents have called me many things in my life. Lazy, fat, stupid, useless, ugly, good for noting just to name a few

When I was 13 my dad chocked me until I passed to and when I work up my mum was just sitting on the sofa watching tv , then my parents just called me an idiot and told me to go to my room.

When I was 16 my dad threatened me with a knife and when I told him \`do it, I have no reason to live, I have no want to live because I have no friends, no girlfriend, no dream, no wants, no future’ my mum came into the kitchen called me stupid and told me to go to my room.

Last year I got into my first relationship, this Ukrainian girl, beautiful, funny, smart, had ambition. She seemed perfect. After a few months I saw a video online from my favourite football (soccer) team and that’s when I first realised what was truly wrong and how bad it had gotten. I couldn’t hide it from her anymore I had to tell her. I took hours of crying, panic attacks and lots of drafts of what I was going to tell her. I finally got up the courage and told her everything. she was crying telling me how much I meant to her and that if she was what was keeping me going then I should hold on to that because she wasn’t going to let go of me. That the what I needed, someone that wanted me, someone that cared how I felt. After telling her I decided that if she was going to hold on then I’m going to do my best to try and get better. And it worked, I left my really bad job (this was also bringing me down), I went back to the gym, started taking courses, looking at what I wanted to do with my life. I didn’t rest all my hopes on us staying together forever, but I was doing my best to see a happy future with and without her.

A couple of months later I found out she had cheated on me. The one person I truly trusted and believed couldn’t hurt me when I was so broken. I had told her I was hurting, I told her she was keeping me going and she did that. I had the worst panic attack I had ever had, I couldn’t breath, I couldn’t feel my arms, my heart was beating out of my chest, I could taste blood in my mouth and I had pins and needles in my head. I thought if \`finally” I’m going to die, but no. when I asked her to talk to me she wouldn’t and with my anxiety it was so much worse, I believed that nobody wanted me, that I am the problem, that I will never find happiness, and when this is the first person In your life to want to know who you are, how you are, if your doing ok, when that person does the 1 thing you thought impossible, you must be the problem, right?

After that I walked into traffic, along railway tracks, I cut my wrists, took a stupid amount of pills, but no I’m to stupid to kill myself. I then told my sister where I was mentally she shrugged me of told me it was just because of the breakup. I have cried out for help from my family from my then girlfriend all for them to hurt me even more.

I wish I liked drinking, I wish I liked drugs, I wish I was a womaniser because then I might fit in somewhere.

I done with being lonely, I’m done with always thinking that I’m the problem that I could have done better. I don’t want to cry myself to sleep anymore and just want it to end and to best and only option I can see is killing myself.