I cant feel this anymore.I made an account 30 seconds ago because I just want someone to talk to. I've been left alone to cry and I just need to vent. Back story: adopted! To rich emotionally abusive parents. Lost my virginity to a particularly violent rapist. About a year later a skin head on pcp literally tried to kill me in a garage with a large metal file. Almost died. My first real bf was sexual Ly and emotionally abusive and sent me to the ER twice. The ex after that knocked me up and proceeded to be emotionally, viciously mentally and verbally abusive until he did it one night to my toddler and I left.

 I met a new guy, hes incredible and amazing and so much more than I deserve. He is the father I only could dreamed of for my so. He has an ego, and if we get into a fight he tends to put all the blame on me and doesn't care at all about my perspective or how I feel or what. He essentially tells me I'm a burden and twists things and puts words in my mouth. I tell him every time how much it hurts when he doesn't listen or care about what I say. I told him that he puts the entire weight of the relationship on me and that I'm always wrong and feel like a huge burden on his life. It's clear that he thinks he's too good for me, and it really does feel like he thinks I'm worthless. It weighs heavily on me. I try to explain it to him but he just tells me why I'm worse to him. I cry and beg him to hear me and he all but rolls his eyes. There are things he needs to change, he is not perfect. I told him I was willing to work on things but that we need to work together, not just me, and I asked him if he truly thought that I was the sole problem in our relationship and the only thing that had to change, and he said yes. He confirmed everything I had been feeling for so long. That I'm a worthless burden that should have been aborted. It broke every last bit of my heart.

I don't want to feel this anymore. I am a good person and a good mother and I don't think that I deserve to feel this level of hate and disdain for myself. The only thing that keeps me going is my son. I love him more than anything in this whole world, but sometimes I feel like he would be so much better off with someone that's not so broken and toxic. All I've ever wanted to feel is love. Love from someone who isn't genetically told to until he's a teenager. I don't want to be me or feel this anymore. I hate myself so fucking much. 