Is Inaction and Indifference to Incoming Death Considered Suicide?The question is rhetorical, merely a title to my story. This is a throwaway account as I wish to remain completely anonymous and vent my story. Please, DO NOT reach out to me via PM or try to find out who I am. Please, respect my privacy, venting is my therapy. It is very cathartic but I am long-winded so please keep this in mind.

Truth be told, I feel strongly that my life is coming to an end due to failing health.  I was in poor but somewhat improving health before I had an accident a year ago and that threw everything backwards, further amplified by the pandemic and my inability to get out as much.  While restrictions in my county have lessened recently, I feel as though I'm beyond the point of no return and, even if I could recover, I actually feel like I don't care if I succumb to my condition.  

I feel it in my heart as it struggles many nights and I often go to bed thinking, "If I don't make it, oh well." 

The reasons for my indifference are myriad and comes with an extensive backstory of ongoing sexual molestation by a family member, multiple cases of sexual assault in public school, and just feeling as though life isn't going anywhere.  I've had successes in life, some incredible, and I have a partner who claims they love me, and I have a stable (yet insanely stressful) job at a wonderful company that treats me well. I also work as an adjunct and teach college courses online as a side gig, which I truly love but I have hit plateau at both jobs and will not be progressing further.  

There is no tenure track at my college and I cannot progress further at my main day job either due to my qualifications, which I won't go into detail. Just know I cannot progress further at either but not a fault of any demerit on my behalf.  

I have tried to help others, especially during the pandemic, offering free online tutoring in my field for any local parents or people I know needing assistance, starting programs to promote academic scholarship for disadvantaged demographics (believe me, there are a lot out there), and even create free educational content and lesson plans for others to help teach my core field to others.  

I just want to help in any way I can.

And yet, interest has been non-existent.  No one wants my help and I feel superfluous compared to my peers, more so than usual. Since going into quarantine over 90 days ago I have heavily endeavored to make myself useful only to hear the deafening noise of silence, echoing something I've been feeling for years as a person; I'm completely useless, unnecessary, and cannot progress any further.

At this point, I'm just a husk manning a desk at home doing an unappreciated job. Granted, this job is done for a great company but they have no more use for me beyond a job I cannot stand nor get away from due to finances and opportunity (or lack thereof). I am stuck, no way out.  

My relationship with my partner is... I don't want to say "just okay," but that is how it feels. I know she loves me and doesn't regret saying "yes" to the big question but there's a lacking spark and intimacy that I need.  She was raised in a very religious family that beat into her any idea of intimacy is a bad thing so we've been deconstructing decades of indoctrination over the past few years but she's not very physically affectionate. My brain knows why this is but I cannot help but feel unattractive and ugly, and I know how asinine this line of thinking is. I just don't feel loved even though I know I am.  

Does that make me a bad person, I feel like it does.

I've told her about I'm struggling and I do not feel as though she is emotionally capable of responding to it and I feel like I've burdened her. She deserves better than me, lightyears better, and I wish death would claim me so I could release her from me.  

I wouldn't be so vulgar as to end my life intentionally as easy as that would be logistically. Is it suicide if I don't treat my condition and let it slide into oblivion? I just want this to end.  I do not fear the void, death awaits us all at some point, what I fear is if my partner will make it through the transition. 

Then again, I may not succumb until much later in life knowing how ridiculously stubborn my family line is. My body may refuse adamantly to go gently into that good night. It certainly has so far.  

In the meantime, I will press on. Hopefully I'll feel better in the morning but I cannot help but feel as though these next few nights may be it.  If it happens, it happens, and it would be a natural cause so my partner won't have to contend with me as a suicide and neither will my family.  They will never know what truly transpired.

It's strange typing this. I have tried so hard to press on for decades despite everything and yet here we are.  

Who am I kidding? Knowing my luck, I'll be around to the next centennial of my county.

Thank you for reading. Until next time.