I don't know what's wrong, can someone talk to me?Im a 16 y/o male, and my life is/isn't a mess. I have alright grades, go to a tech school, am the better child. Though my mother and sister suffer from bipolar and I don't want to be a fuck up like them who work shit jobs and had/have no future. I want to make movies which is one of the most difficult things to do and school is around 50k a year. I'm incredibly scared of graduating next year and once again don't want to be a fuck up. My Dad's an asshole/alcoholic, I get panic attacks and every now and then feel incomplete, bored and useless. When I mean bored, I mean nothing excites me or motivates me or makes me want to do anything, I just feel sad. That feeling has gotten worse and more often recently. Possibly because Im getting closer and closer to graduating. 
Im not skinny and have some flubber to me and have pretty large breasts for a male that have been there since middle school. I'm not attractive what so ever. I'm pretty popular in school and it's weird, when I got to class or to work (I work at a summer camp) I am known as the guy who is always smiling and singing and joking but that all may be just the mask I wear, as behind the mask is emptiness.
Not to mention the lump on my right testicle that my parents laugh at when I mention or the lump in my neck.
I don't have anyone to really talk to in my family or friends or they'll just look at me like some fuck up, piece of shit, attention whore like his mother and sister. Not to mention I'm bi-sexual and am also scared to tell anyone because the second your a male that's bi your fully gay. It's not like I'm bullied everyday and I have amazing friends and some really good family. It's just, once I get home, and I'm alone, I get this alone useless feeling where nothing matters and the only thing I can think about is death. I just need to talk to someone that isn't going to judge, or get upset, or look down on me, hell I bet 60% of you are right now.
I don't have a shit life, I have tons of stuff, more then most, I have a great childhood and highly thank my family and friends for the support and help, but again, at the end of the day, I feel useless.
In conclusion, I'm alone at the end of the day, a text back from anyone I want to talk to is rare. 
My mask is that of happiness and all I want to do deep down is post this to my Facebook and show my friends and family who I am. 
There's more to most of this as it would be pretty long and the way I wrote it puts more masks over my problems. I just feel incredibly empty and barren and I even have a playlist of sad music just so I can sit and cry and wait for whatever is next to come. Listening to that now, waiting.