I think I'm going to do it tomorrow.I'm so, so tired. I guess I've been somewhat depressed ever since my mom died when I was 12 years old. I'm 23 now. I started cutting a year or so after that, when my dad remarried a woman who hated me and who yelled at me every night because nothing I could ever do was good enough for her. I wasn't stupid though, I cut in places where no one would ever see, and for a long time no one found out about it, because I never cut deep enough for it to be serious. And actually as I got older and more independent I started doing it less and less, and actually thought that I was starting to become a happy person for the first time since my mom died. But then I started university and I just feel like everything went to shit. I feel so isolated here. My school is too competitive, no one wants friends, everyone only talks to me to use me for answers. I don't even really like my program and I don't care that much about being top of my class but I do it anyways, who knows why. I went to a counsellor in my first year (four years ago) and tried to get help, and I got on zoloft but it didn't help anything, and then because of some stupid rule at the school that you're only allowed to see the counsellors for a set amount of hours, I ran out of zoloft and had to quit cold-turkey and went through awful withdrawal. I was okay for a few years but then last year things got bad again, I just felt so unhappy and didn't care about any of my old hobbies or dreams anymore, and I started cutting but did it to the point where I had to go to the hospital and get stitches. Now I have ugly scars on my arm and I'm sure everyone who sees them knows exactly what they're from. I got on another anti-depressant for a little while, but then I had to see a psychiatrist at the hospital who basically told me "I see a lot of people from your school who come in here trying to get medicine or get out of tests when they don't really need it. All you need to do is make some friends and join clubs and you'll be fine." IT'S NOT THAT FUCKING EASY. I feel so alone, I forget how to start conversations with people, I feel like I don't care about any of my interests anymore.... So again, I had to go off anti-depressants...not that they were really helping anyways. I was okay for the next summer--throughout this all I was dating my best friend and when I was with him I was happy. But then this last school year I had to work too many jobs and take too many courses and I just didn't have time for anything. It was so stressful and so draining and I felt so numb all of the time. I pushed my boyfriend away, I don't know why, until a month and a half ago he left me. Now I just feel empty and tired and I don't know what to do. I've been seeing a therapist weekly for the past two months, and I'm on prozac and have been for a while, but nothing helps. I have no energy. Today I lay in bed until 5 PM and only got up to use the washroom. I enjoy nothing. I hardly eat; I'm just not hungry. The past few months when I've been in groups of people I get this weird sort of feeling like I'm not there, and like me not being there wouldn't have an impact on any of them. I just feel like a shell of my former self, like this empty person who has nothing to contribute anymore. I could fade out of the picture and it wouldn't really make a difference to anyone after a while. And I'm just so, so tired.


I know that it will hurt my family for a while...that's the only reason I haven't done it before, because they've already lost so many people and I don't want them to lose another. My mom's dead, her brother OD'ed and died, her dad is dead, my dad's dad is dead, etc. I don't want to add another person to that list. But it just doesn't feel fair for me to have to live another 60 miserable years just to prevent my family from feeling sad when we're all going to fucking die anyways. Like, what's the difference in dying now and dying later? Eventually it's going to end, and if I'm not happy then why not just end it now? I'm just so, so tired. It's just getting worse and worse and worse. I just want to sleep and never wake up, but I can't even fall asleep at night anymore.


I've been stockpiling meds since I was in my first year of university. My doctor gave me zopiclone when I was feeling depressed in first year. When I cut myself and had to go to the hospital two years ago, they gave me lorazepam to calm me down. For the past few months my doctor has been giving my zopiclone again, but I've been lying and telling her that it isn't doing anything, because I knew eventually she'd go stronger, and she did----she prescribed me lorazepam instead. So I have a ton of zopiclone and a ton of lorazepam and I can get alcohol and put a bag over my head and I'm pretty sure that that should be enough. I'll set an email to send to my therapist a day or so after I do it telling her to contact the police, so that no one has to accidentally stumble upon my body. I just feel ready to go.


Why am I posting here? I guess there's some goddamned part of me that still has a bit of hope that someone can convince me not to do it. But so far I haven't really found a reason not to. "The world is a beautiful place, there are so many things to still do, etc."---I know that. The world IS beautiful. There are lots of cool things to do. But I just haven't enjoyed any of it in a long time. Everyone just dies. I had to watch my mom waste away and die from cancer when I was 12 years old, I had to go through my teenage years being verbally abused by a woman who hated me and who made me scared to do anything, I pushed away the person I loved more than anything and now he won't even talk to me, I hardly talk to my family, I don't enjoy anything that I used to enjoy, I don't have any aspirations or motivations in life...all I want to do is sleep. The world is beautiful and people do wonderful things but I just don't have the energy for that anymore. And I know it'll hurt my family, but I've held on for so long just because I don't want to hurt them and I think it's fair for me to not have to hurt either, isn't it? Because I hurt so, so much. And I just don't want to anymore. And sure, maybe I could tough it out and find something that excites me and people I love and have an interesting, fun life, but in the end I'm just going to die anyways, it'll all be pointless eventually, so why do it? Why hold on when I'm so unhappy and I just want to end it? I don't know. I just don't get the POINT of any of this. WHY LIVE WHEN WE'RE ALL JUST GOING TO DIE?


I don't really think anyone can say anything to change my mind at this point, but here's to hoping that there's something I haven't thought of. I don't WANT to kill myself, I want to be happy, but I just don't think it's possible for me to be happy, and if I can't be happy then I don't want to *be* at all. 