My Once Promising Life Is Now A Painful Living Hell - Botched Dental Work TraumaEarly 30s female here, quietly gearing up to end things in the somewhat near future.  Possibly.  Probably.  Kind of at the stage where I'm amping myself up for it, mentally preparing and forming preliminary plans.  Honestly, it could be several months away if I can endure that long.  Getting through each day has gotten very hard though.  I truly want an outcome where I can live, but the constant discomfort I feel makes me think euthanasia has to be on the table, at least as a consideration.  Just wanted to vent, maybe find some like-minded friends grappling with their own stuff.  

I don't have the typical reasons I think most people have for doing this.  I have high self-esteem and feel good about myself, I feel I am attractive, intelligent, talented.  For most of my life I have been pretty resilient in the face of challenges, of which I've had many.  I have tons of interests in life and goals.  I loved being alive before this happened... eating, music, writing, art, animals, being around people...all that life entails.  I'm a very empathic, kind person, which hopefully doesn't sound arrogant to say, but I do feel like I have a lot of good to contribute to this world.  I have a fairly rewarding and intriguing job where I work with some less fortunate people.  I am a little isolated in my personal life, but I have a couple of close relationships that keep me going.  My point is that other than this, I had reasons to live.

If my suicide occurs, it will be 100% because I could not cope with the way I was injured or the ensuing pain.  I literally don't have any other reason in my life that would cause me to take such drastic action right now.  I can live with being poor, I can live with isolation, I can live with a lot of things.  But I can't accept never being physically comfortable again.  Not like this.     Burning facial and dental pain is a constant reminder of the senseless mistakes that I've suffered through, and it's driven me insane.  Aggressive and unnessary dental work with an incompetent, money grubbing dentist followed by miscommunications with another ended up completely botching my teeth, ending with someone deeply shaving into them to adjust my bite when I didn't consent to such measures. This caused me massive pain and bite problems way worse than the minor complaints I went in with.  It's a long story, but I basically started out with zero problems and went on this insane ride that ended in me being so botched and traumatized.  Just a perfect storm of terrible luck.  I was subject to unnecessary procedures, then to correct those, I was subject to another invasive one that was the final nail in the coffin.  I basically got scammed into work I didn't want, leaving me with exposed nerves, worn back teeth, a constant burning in my teeth and face, and a newfound death wish if this is what my life is to be.  

I'm looking at suing the more recent of the two dentists who did the most devastating work, but these cases are really hard to fight.  The crux of my case is that I had actually asked this dentist in our consult for the opposite of what was done and did not consent to what actually happened.  He was supposed to build some slightly worn teeth back up as we discussed in our consult, but decided on his own to adjust my bite using a reductive approach instead, destroying healthy dentition by reshaping my teeth with a power tool when I came to our next appointment.  I've later learned this procedure is actually very controversial and has caused other people a lot of problems, too.  It's barbaric and probably will go the way of mercury fillings and be phased out of dentistry in the next decade or two, some bite specialists already refuse to do it anymore but they are very rare.  It's called an occlusal equilibration.  The fact that I had this inflicted on me makes me feel so violated.  I never, ever would have agreed to what was done to me had it been discussed beforehand, and it's just left me in horrendous anguish.  Imagine if you went in for one procedure you had discussed with someone but received the opposite that you didn't need, how insane that would make you.  Especially when you have complications and find it's surprisingly difficult and expensive to fix.  I went from being a normal, basically healthy young woman to needing major prosthetic work done on all my back teeth so fast, thanks to the handiwork of these charlatans.  It hurts so much all the time.  I don't know if I can live in this marred body anymore, even if the rest of it is still in good shape, this is too destructive and painful to heal from.  Now I'm in this terrifying position of needing advanced dentistry to restore my quality of life.  Nothing else is going to address the pain.  Someone has to go in who really knows what they're doing and cover up all of the exposed nerve endings with composite or onlays and hope there wasn't nerve damage.

If you knew me, you'd appreciate how ironic this is...I battled depression when I was much younger, and actually beat it for many years.  I formed an outlook that kept me very content in life.  A strong foundation.  No matter what happened to me I was good, because I felt good, I was healthy, I felt good inside my own skin, I could endure any challenges.  I chose to be happy and not to suffer.  This worked for many years, the positive mindset I developed for myself.  It would've lasted a lifetime I think, were it not for this one crazy thing.  This is like the one thing in the whole world that could have taken me to this place.  In an extremely unlucky series of events, I was injured by a medical professional, and this injury torments me...the way it transpired, how it feels, how profoundly unlucky I am.  How difficult it will be to repair the damage, if that's even possible.  I should have stopped it, I shouldn't have blindly trusted... I realize now how my previous happiness deeply hinged on my health and physical comfort.  I may never feel normal or ok inside my body again.  I have not been comfortable for several years.  There is a constant burning at the site of the injury that does not let up.  My face is always uncomfortable because my bite is so messed up.  I appear aesthetically normal to others since most of the work was on back teeth,  but I'm in immense pain.  Nothing will ever heal without major intervention.  I just don't think I can accept this life anymore.

I wish there was a way I could live, but my mind just won't accept the new reality I am living in.  I'm constantly uncomfortable.  I'm trying to give myself that couple of months, but it's really hard.  Every day is heartbreaking because this is not supposed to be my life.  This is a travesty.  So rare and unlucky, who goes through this?  Now the plan is to travel many states away to see an experienced specialist for my issues.  I'm trying to stay alive to see this through...the specialist seems pretty optimistic about fixing this.  But it is a process that will take several months of costly back and forth travel and procedures.  It will be my last stab at life.  I'm just so devastated, some days I don't even know if I can hold out that long.  What happened, how this all started...it's too unfair to process.  I was recently diagnosed with PTSD as a result of this incident.

Is there anyone else on here in their 30s and at their end?  Or anyone else who has a medical/dental issue or mistake that became suicide fuel for them?

I don't know how to end my rant...pain is a bitch.  But it's even worse when it you can't stop looking back, knowing it shouldn't have happened, knowing it was so preventable and senseless and just pure bad luck.  Something about this sensation I just cannot take.  It feels so horrible.  I can handle other types of injuries and pain but this is apparently my Achilles heel.  I would trade this in for almost anything else.  I'm not strong enough to deal with this.