I just got kicked out of college and have nothing left to live forI hate to complain about my relatively easy life, but I just need to get this out to someone. I don't want to be gone without an explanation of one kind or another.

I'm 19, and I've had depression for a long time. Probably since I was a kid, but only officially diagnosed since I was 17. I didn't have friends for most of my life, and largely focused on school and my grades. I had something of a nervous breakdown in 11th grade, and decided that senior year would be a break. I took it easy, and only did enough to pass. It was the best decision I could have made. I went off to college one year ago this week, ready to turn over a new leaf and go back into being a good student, and maybe make some friends for the first time. The social part went pretty well. Four of the best friends anybody could ask for. For the first time, I was able to publicly come out as gay. I was finally living what I had missed in my adolescence. Unfortunately, by November, I had fallen into a depressive episode unlike any I had ever seen. It went on for a few months, leaving my GPA in the dirt and making me too nervous to approach professors to explain myself, fearing what they might think of me. Even though I tried to dig out in my second semester, it ultimately wasn't enough. My financial aid was pulled, and I got an $11,000 bill in the mail that I couldn't pay. That was crushing, but I got over it after a month or so and submitted paperwork to the college to take a leave of absence so I could save up and pay to return next year. I just got the news that my leave wasn't approved because of my GPA, making me officially withdrawn.

All that has been compounded by a job search that's been screwed up to the nines. I was promised a job as an assistant with a community center who hadn't yet finished their starting procedures. When I showed up for the first day, I was handed a wheelbarrow and told to do construction work for $11 an hour. I did the job, but they then told me that they didn't know when they would need me again. Work was sparse, and any time I asked when it might be more regular, they brushed it off. That went down the tubes completely when they refused to pay me for work completed. I quit when they offered me a $6 check to get me to stop asking about the money. I eventually managed to get a much better job, but they didn't mention in the ad that a driver's license was required. While they were initially willing to wait while I got it, they've now gone a bit wobbly on that, telling me that I have no guarantee of a job, despite already filling out all the paperwork to accept the job offer they gave me, and getting background and drug testing.

I'm writing this from my childhood bedroom, in an attempt to get away from my mother for a while. She's had anxiety for as long as I can remember, but all my trouble has made it much worse. The only place I can have any semblance of calm in the house is here, so I spend most of my time here. A few months ago, I wasn't always cooped up alone. I was spending time with my friends, joking around, watching stuff, and once in a while even going to parties. Now that I'm out of the school where we went, none of that is an option. I'm getting really lonely, and just can't find a way to change that. Maybe I just don't have the energy to change it.

Oh well. I really just don't see the point anymore. I grew up a loser without friends. I thought things would get better. Life just likes to tease people, I guess. I had a taste of the life I missed out on, only to ruin it irreparably and get trapped in a life where nothing goes positively and the only thing I have to look forward to is getting home and turning on the computer.

If this is what the rest of my life is going to look like, I don't want to live it. I'm planning on Robin Williams-ing myself tonight. I guess this will stand as a suicide note. I don't know. Whatever it is, I needed the cathartic release of writing it, even if that's not going to prevent it.