Lost controlThank you in advance, I’m glad you people take the time to do this. You are truly amazing.

All my life, I’ve struggled in school. It’s not that I couldn’t do the work, but rather lack the motivation in my life to get it all done and even just turn it in when I was done. I always wonder why I was like this. Some days, despite what my parents had believed, I tried to look for a better reason than “I just didn’t care”, there had to be a better explanation because I wanted to succeed, I just didn’t know what that meant. I don’t blame my parents though. Sometime I agree with them. To this day I still haven’t figured out quite why I do this, maybe I am lazy and I’ve convinced myself otherwise.

It was around may of last year when I got hit with the brick over my head of “something just isn’t right” and after months of torture I accepted the fact that I was transgender. I figured this could be the turn in my life. I figured this could be the root of my problems and I can finally begin to fix the life I’ve leas which went nowhere, because even now I still isn’t have any idea what my future would be like, I had no clear goals or aspirations. I had no destiny for myself. But now it could change, because this had to be the problem which cursed me all these years.

Whether that is still true or not, I still don’t know. I can’t say for sure if I had depression all my life and it was just hidden under my conscious, or last May was when it hit, but even since then I’ve been getting worse. As senior year begins on its last semester and college and the rest of my life looms just around the corner, I still feel that same hopelessness and confusion for myself in life, and my flaws have started to highlight themselves before me. 

Before summer was when I realized what was happening to me, my depression. Yesterday, now I began to actually convince myself to commit suicide. I know that death is permanent. I know about the wake of my death and the consequences on my family members, But it’s like I’ve almost stopped caring about it. Caring about people... it’s one of the only real redeeming qualities I have. Now I’m terrified of what I’ve become, what I’m convincing myself to do. As a classmate and friend was talking to the class about a friend that had taken their own life, and the pain they felt about what they could have done to save them and hadn’t, I was picturing a knife to my wrists like I was dreaming for it to happen.

I can’t do this. I don’t want to hurt anyone, and I don’t want to die, but I’ve finally lost control. I can’t trust myself anymore. I know my resources, I know I can talk to someone, but how? How can I force myself to put and end to this? How can I put my foot down and save myself? I need help.


Edit: ok, I’ve calmed down a little and got some time to think. I know this is not what I want, and I know I can’t let this happen. The thing that has been stalling me from trying to talk to someone or getting help, it’s because I’m so caught up in what people think about me. I don’t know how in the world i did it, but talking to people about the problems I have in depth, I’m terrified about the way their perception of me will change. I know people care about me, but I guess I feel like sharing with people that I’m actually a wreck of a human, that I’ve been so confused and sad, I’m scared about what that does to them when they think of me. I can’t explain it. It doesn’t make sense. I guess that’s kind of the point, huh? I’m so caught in a web of relationships and people and trying to keep them all happy, trying to make their lives better. Maybe I feel like once they see I’m just as unstable as them all they won’t trust me or something. It’s crazy, I know. 

So, I’m done with this game. In the wise words of the great man John Wetton, this lie is over. I’m ditching this mindset I’ve developed that hides me from others and giving in. At lunch today, I’m finding a teacher I can trust and tell them everything. After that, I’m not sure, but I know that I’m going to tell them that I can’t do this anymore and I have to change. I have to let go and place my trust in the people around me. I’m still terrified though. I have no idea what the next few days will be, but I know the focus will be on me, which unnerves me as I like to focus on others rather than myself, but now, I don’t know. I feel like I can make peace with that rather than cower at the thought. I also think I’m going to take a year after high school to collect myself, and maybe think about things. I can have the time to finally get my damn drivers license and think about my career, and even my plans for myself in terms of my gender and how I plan to move forward. God forbid I chicken out on confessing for that, because I really need the guidance of my parents, as weird and awkward as that’s going to be. As for a hobby, I can start on writing. Something I’ve always wanted to do but never got around to. What a moment of clarity, I actually have a plan rather than ghosting my own life day by day. Maybe just writing this tiny confession online helped me on its own, but to those who commented you are wonderful people with a big ol heart and I will be taking your advice.

Thank you so much! &lt;3