Trying to wait not sure I can.My life has went to hell in a hand basket. I am twenty five years old. I am a mom. I have a 6 year old son. I have a 2 year old daughter. I am 9 months pregnant with my third planned baby. I have a fiance'. I was so happy when i found out I was pregnant for my daughter. Since finding out my life has consistently and dramatically went down hill. In this time I have suffered severe pain and health problems due to complications with the pregnancy. Pain which prevents me from even walking without great struggle. I had to end a friendship with a very close (and only) friend of mine due to her decision to stay with the father of her child which I found out was a pedophile and abusive. As a result the only adult I have any connection with any given day is my spouse. Due to my pregnancy I have been almost exclusively in the house for the last nine months with the exception of trips to doctors. Around Christmas time was when stuff really went down hill. I had just taken a major hit by letting go of the friendship I had with this girl, I even attended the birth of her daughter. Christmas is my favorite time of year. I get to see my kids enjoy the magic of christmas, see their faces light up, I get to go shopping for things I think they will like and things we can do together. When Christmas came my spouses sister came to town for a month. She doesn't like me due to my spouse and I splitting up two years prior when he went on a partying bender (which he greatfully matured out of). As a result I was treated like absolute dirt by the sister. I did everything I could to please her, to get a long with her, and none of it was good enough. At the end of the day my spouse then started taking things out on me as I was being blamed for it. I spent every day in tears, feeling completely alone. We almost broke up and then made the decision to change things. Immediately after this he started becoming severely depressed and I had to put myself on the backburner to deal with his depression. I set up appointments, coaxed and coddled him to help him deal with his depression (which greatly stems from his abusive childhood and family members). When he reached out to his father for a relationship he was blatantly rejected and told that his father didnt want to have one with him and that he didnt want his mother to have one with him either as now is time for them to have a relationship with each other and he and his siblings get in the way of that. Basically it was a long horrible speech about how he wants nothing to do with him. Eventually my spouse was put on medication and sought out counselling and things became better for him. Near the resolution with medication I had an issue of pain that was extremely severe in my abdomen and went to the hospital and within the hospital to an ultrasound. The ultrasound technician was male and sexually degraded and humiliated me, was extremely sexually inappropriate, and sexually assaulted me. I was extremely traumatized by this but felt humiliated and felt confused about it at first, and never said anything to anyone for the next three weeks. Three weeks later I had a meltdown in bed trying to go to sleep, as my anxiety has shot through the roof and I'm scared to have to go back to the hospital and have someone take advantage of me or the vulnerable state I am in, in pregnancy again. I fall into an extreme depression. I begin being unable to connect with my children whom have always been the center of my world. I begin to not find joy in anything. I spend my entire days laying motionless in bed in the dark for the entire day. Getting up only to get what the kids need. I constantly think about killing myself but can't because I'm pregnant and don't want to harm my baby. I start getting harassed by a loan agency. Despite the fact that I've already taken on and paid almost ten thousand dollars in debt as well as have 5000 on a credit card for my spouse whose accumulated so much from partying the loan agency starts hounding us for money, or more specifically me for money as im the only one with an income. The option is give them 3000 now or they will take us to court for the 9000 and garnish wages. I take out another credit card and give them the 3000 on a credit card. Now i have a 5000 credit card a 3000 dollar credit card my rent and bills per month are 2100 and my income is 3000. We are barely getting by. My daughter starts having this medical issue with her eyes which ive been fighting to get seen. CRA calls about my tax return . Because my spouse and i got back together in 2018 and 2018 benefits are based on 2016 and 2017 income taxes I not have a huge overpayment to pay back to them of 20,000 dollars even though thats completely wrong it doesnt matter because its the government and they can fuck you if they want to. I'm so far into a hole of debt I can't see the light of day. My income gets cut in half because the government has stopped all my benefits meaning I cant even afford my monthly bills anymore. My spouse refuses to move out of the place we are which at this point is fine because i can't find anywhere cheaper anyways that will fit us. My daughter is due any day now and I've spent the last two months fighting with loans agencies, the government, dealing with massive depression from the sexual assault and trying to take care of my kids. I am done. I can't take it anymore. And even if i did after I add all the debt together it adds up to almost 50,000 dollars and I haven't even started out in life yet because I haven't even had the chance to. My daily life feels like agony. It literally hurts to be here. I dont want to seek help and go down to the hospital. Ive went a few times since the assault for procedures. I had a nurse stick a swab into my urethra when she was supposed to check for amniotic fluid which is the wrong hole and which is excruciatingly painful. Ive had a nurse throw the curtains open leaving me exposed to entire room during this swab. The room which is filled with people. And then laugh in my face about it when i scream. I've had a woman when i finally managed to go out with the kids to walmart to get groceries assault me and start hitting me with a cart while im trying to hold onto my kids and not get hit in the stomach. I feel like God, if there is one, wants me to kill myself. Because every time the phone rings, any time anything happens its just more shit. I want to die. Ive been trying for two months now to at least wait until my baby is born, but i dont know if i can anymore I just want to die, so incredibly badly. 