No one gives a shit about me, and I feel like I am existing and not living My three month school holiday is coming to an end and not a single person has talked to me in that space of time. On my now, deactivated facebook, I could see all my peers enjoying themselves, laughing, living lives that I should be living. and not one of them cares that I've spent the majority of my time alone in my room, debating whether to turn to the drink or the knife.  

I moved to a new school to escape bullying, it just got worse here. It started out good and I thought things would change. It ended up with some guy picking on me for not sleeping with him, everyone laughing at me, leaving school thinking that I was a joke, someone not to be associated with. Before I at least had one or two people I can rely on, and now I have no one. 

Every time things start looking up they have to go completely wrong again. Arguably, I could say that I have been lucky enough to be in three relationships. All of which however, became abusive. This is not a throwaway, and I don't want to go into too much detail about those. But I have had to see about 4 different councillors none of which have done anything. I have mentally deteriorated to the point where I've gone from being told I have depression to some heavily debated form of post traumatic stress disorder (which I dont really want to name due to spooky misinterpretations of it in the public media)

I used to be one of the clever people, but now I don't have the energy to do anything and my school work has suffered. I used to have aspirations, but now, I've just realised that my aspirations are only there to be met by someone else, and if I do reach them, they come with a price. 

On paper, my life should be great. 

I'm young, 17, but all that means to me is that I'm not living the life that a normal 17 year old in my country, at my school, should be living.

I'm supposedly rich : I go to private school. Not strictly true, our funds are right on the edge. 

I supposedly have  a stable family: I have two arguing parents who should be divorced living under the same roof because of reasons above (one argument I've actually heard was "your'e the reason why &gt; xMutex &lt; doesn't have any friends")

I'm supposedly pretty: that's why I'm constantly being rejected. And when I don't there's always something sinister behind it.

I supposedly have a good personality: again, if this is the truth, why have I been bullied in the latest two school's I've been to, why am I sitting at home with no one to talk to while everyone else is out on holiday, and why is it that whenever I try to text people, to meet up or even just to start out  a conversation I'm just ignored. 

I supposedly have a bright future: so far everything I've done has lead up to a failure. And I'm sick of people telling me to wait, and that things will get better, because they don't. I was told things would be better at my new school, at my old secondary school. They're just worse.

I picture my life being uneventful, and unfulfilled. And if I'm going to be feeling like this most of the time, then what's the point? There's a knife hidden somewhere in my room, and alcohol in some cabinets downstairs, and right now I feel like it's one or the other. I doubt many people would miss me if something were to happen. and even if they would, I'm not sure I even want to carry on.  