Can't find work and want to dieGraduated with a Physics B.Sc. last year and left my masters program a few months ago as I was not enjoying the research and wasn't doing the work needed to get it done because of my disinterest. Been looking for work since. I've applied to 60 places so far, each with a tailored resume and most with a cover letter. I've have had 5 interviews, and none of them have given me offers. 1 place gave me a verbal offer so I rejected offers to local part time jobs as I was expecting to get the job, but then they sent me an email saying they were pursuing another applicant. They can go fuck themselves. Another company had me go through 3 rounds of interviews where the last round they had me meeting with the team and team leader I'd be working with and the HR manager and I thought it went really well, only for them to send me an email saying they as well were pursuing another applicant. I'm fairly close to just giving up at this point. I don't think I'm meant to work and be self sufficient. God is just up there laughing at my misfortune. Well fuck you God. I tried praying, fasting, reading the bible, repenting for my sins, in desperation so that He'd guide me to a job and it lead fucking no where. I'm just an inside joke up there in heaven and God and all His angels are just laughing at my inability to find work and complete lack of understanding what's wrong with me and what I need to do to just fucking support myself. Am I in hell? Is this world designed specifically to make me struggle in such a way that I think I have control and can succeed only for everything to backfire? Why the fuck can't I find work. I feel entitled to it after all these years of working hard for a degree that I was originally interested in. I have programming experience, personal side projects on a github page, a lot of internships. What the fuck is wrong with me? I just want to end it. I'm so close to being done. If I can't support myself and I have to leech off my parents and eventually society, then isn't the world better off without me? What the fuck do I need to do, prove to the world, to show that I am a hard worker and can provide value to a company? Why can everyone else find work so easily, all my friends, siblings, peers, colleagues, but I'm struggling so damn fucking hard to get anything? Why won't anyone hire me? Do I need to suck a CEOs dick? Because I'd gladly swallow anyone's cum if they'd give me a job. Do I need to cut off my limbs? If it meant I'd get a full time job with benefits and the ability to support myself and a family, I'd gladly remove every non-vital organ from me. I fantasize about going down to the lake late at night and just swimming as far as I can until I can no longer swim. Or taking my car down the wrong way on the highway and closing my eyes. Or covering myself in black clothing and laying on the train tracks late at night. Anything to escape this waking nightmare.