i live outside of time and i will die there in its shadows.i do nothing, i pursue nothing, i am capable of nothing. im a vestigial organ of this world, broken, useless, obsolete. what is there for me in life? pain? lonelyness? failure? despair? im in a hole with only more holes down and no way up. my only hope is a spiders thread, but its futile to grab. i wouldnt give my hopes up grabbing at it because i will only fall deeper like a sick game. whats more, is im alone here. only my mind to keep me company, to keep me crazy to make me hate myself more. ive pursued happiness, ive tried my gamble on my dreams and i have lost everything. my loved one is the only one that keeps me here, with quills of a lonely porcupine they draw me into their embrace. it makes me dream of better times, and despair on its reality. moments of sadness and hatred echo, i cannot forgive and i cannot forget. what torments me more? them or me? i cannot take this life but i can only endure this cruel joke. when will i break? have i already been broken? i only know im a shell of myself not when ive changed. corrupt with malice im full of hate. i wont forgive anyone, did they really put me here though? or am i just finding things to blame for my own insufficiency? i hate my hate. this, desire to hurt is frustrating. i cannot hurt others, but i want to. i want to hurt myself, but i cannot. my walls tease me with temptation, mockingly barren of a hole and blood. i imagine my hands and arms bloodied and broken from hitting things. i once considered fighting as a sport, but im a coward even with my body built for war, for fighting. i ruin this body with neglect only thinking "what is the point?" only to further damn myself. it wouldnt do any good either, im incapable of doing anything well. like a jack of all trades except im worse in all trades. i cant even do simple math in my head, i cant talk to people well, im socially anxious, ridden with insecurities and self consciousness. what use is such a person? do i even have the right to be called such a thing? i paint myself innocent but find myself uncaring of anyone other then my lover. but im a demon with a porcelain mask, and a sexual deviant. its strange, i can accept other people deviant prefrences, but i cant even accept my own sexuality which even goes described as "tame" from other deviants. mabey im afraid what others think? in dont even allow others outside family to know about my homosexual side of things and even then, not all my family knows. im homophobic, afraid of sexual conatact with another person. mabey its the insults ive recieved my whole life, being called "gay" or a "faggot". it could of been my taumatic experiences that scar me today, making me question if it wasnt as bad as i tell myself. mabey it was that bad. the only real thing is the feeling of betrayal or the ignorance of the action. its late when im down, impossible to resist putting sleep off in my depressed state. i hate sleep. i love sleep. it takes my time awake, but it feels nice to slumber only made worse by my long out of control sleep cycles. alseep for 10 hours or more, awake for 14 hours or more feeling like im constantly living outside of time. i never know what day or time it is, its hard to keep track when the next day begins before i go back to sleep. when theres nothing to look forward to so i dont count the days to anything. the only things allowing me to keep track are the seasons. i even forget how old i am. why count something so useless? "congrats! youve lived xxx amount of years! just wait till you xxx when you grow old and die!". and thats if i somehow manage to get that far without something causing my untimely demise. id welcome it if it werent for the fact that every way i go would likely be painful if its health related, and much worse if it has to do with my living arrangement which surely wont last forever. whod want to take care of a autistic, sexual deviant, man-child? it only makes me a burden. either i end up never living with my SO and continue painfully living with my mother till she dies and then end up dying on the streets or something, or, i live with my SO causing them more stress then they deserve, more strain on them finacially while they take care of their own family on top of me. the might even kill themselves leaving me to bear the pain of losing them as well. i want them happy, but theres nothing i can do. i cant even make myself happy. though they said it in stress as i was trying to comfort them, i believe its completely true. "what fucking good are you then?!". it was worse to hear then my own father saying "im leaving because of you" before living in michigan with his girlfriend and her children while leaving me behind with my brother and sister. even with him gone, my brother replaces him while almost being just as emotionally abusive. my sister bathing in attention. at least shes not mean like she used to be, but shes never shown remorse for how she treated me. i might as well be a redheaded stepchild. now to sleep and hate myself for wasting valuable time with my SO because of my depression. and fuck thanksgiving, everyone laughingn in the living room as i remain in my room. nothing to make you feel more lonely then no one to keep you company and the only people who could are either asleep due to a different timezone or, they are spending time with people you hate or you really dont belong with them in the first place. being so different only makes spending time with people reflect how alone you are.