I feel like I don't deserve to livefell in love with my best friend, she didn't like me back, 

(was already suffering from mental health issues. I haven't been diagnosed with anything except autism but I'm pretty sure I have borderline personality disorder and cut myself regularly, still do sometimes but not as frequently.)

so anyways she didn't like me back. I felt like killing myself then and there and I wonder if I should have. took up drinking, decided to get with this girl that'd been hitting on me just to ease the pain. I got comfortable in the relationship for a few months, kind of stopped talking to my BFF for a while because it was just too painful and I was drunk texting her every night to the point where she considered ghosting me.

BFF came back a few weeks ago. feelings immediately returned. thought I was in love with the girl I'm currently with but apparently I'm not. and I started realizing... I don't want to be with her, but I'm terrified of being alone, and I don't want to hurt her. she wants marriage, I don't. she wants kids, I don't. nothing lines up between us besides the fact that she's submissive and I'm attracted to that apparently. she's submissive and fragile, which is why I'm scared of hurting her.

soo..

anyways.. BFF came back like I was saying (sorry if this is a jumbled mess I'm freaking out) and... she keeps going on and on about how her crush turned out to be an asshole and she ghosted him. so I'm like "that sucks, I'm sorry." and we start talking more and more. a week goes by and she said she has a small crush on me. I was ELATED. like seriously I felt like I'd been waiting an entire year for this. because I had been.

but she doesn't want to date right now, and wants to take it slow, which is acceptable. and there's also the fact that.. I'm in a relationship. she doesn't know this. I've been flirting with my BFF every day. 

I felt guilty, for a while, but I'd been feeling so fucking dead inside prior to this and the only time I was actually happy was when I was with my BFF.

then... she didn't text me for an entire night (LMAO I know, fucking stupid to get upset over) and I ended up drinking. a lot. like an entire bottle of vodka in one sitting. blacked out and apparently I'd drunk texted BFF saying I loved her and shit. guess that annoyed her.

she hasn't talked to me all day today. I ended up having sex with my girlfriend for the first time in weeks. instantly regretted it. I wanted to throw up.

the worst part is that I know I just idolize my BFF to have some meaning in my life. I have nothing. I don't believe in any religion, I want to die almost constantly, and I'm LITERALLY only 17 fucking years old, so what the fuck is wrong with me?

 if I start dating my BFF I'm going to regret it a few days or weeks in because once that feeling of "I got the girl!" wears off I'm going to start feeling like shit again and want nothing to do with her. I'm narcissistic and selfish.

 I don't deserve life, and I want to be single without feeling like I need companionship 24/7, and I want to be single so that I don't hurt anyone with my emotions and decisions that change on a whim EVERY FUCKING TIME SOMETHING HAPPENS. literally just fucking kill me. I didn't ask to be born into this world. I don't want to die but I'm still suicidal. I know I'll end up killing myself either today or the next day, and that depresses me even MORE, which makes me want to kill myself even MORE.

I am literally a dumbfuck stereotypical "playboy." I've had so many ex girlfriends that I can't remember most of them, and I just want to stop feeling numb.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: I guess what I'm trying to say is... I only feel when I'm chasing after girls. I chased after my BFF and "won", the excitement will end, and so I will go back to feeling nothing. not to mention at this point I basically cheated on my extremely fragile girlfriend for the same reason; the excitement wore off and I don't want anything to do with her. I'm a douchebag. I want to die. fucking kill me. send me death threats if you want I deserve them.