I've made too many mistakes. I deserve to die. If anyone, even just one could read this it would help a lot. Be the verdict.Hey, using a throwaway account for obvious reasons. I just...need to talk.

I've been getting so intensely suicidal, but it comes in waves. There's moments where I feel perfectly fine or even happy, then I'm cast into deep depression when I remember the terrible mistakes I've made. I've been wrestling with depression for four years now. I've had two suicide attempts already.

I guess you want to know about all the shitty things I've done. I guess the only thing to keep in mind is...well, I'm autistic, so sometimes because of my lack of social awareness I didn't know any better, not to mention I was fairly sheltered and homeschooled with conservative parents.

I'll let you guys be the verdict. Should I just end it?

1. When I was a little kid, like 11 years or younger, I'd sometimes open the bathroom door when my sisters or my mom or my dad was showering. Not because I wanted to get a glimpse of them naked or anything perverted like that, I just thought it was funny that they went "EEEEEEEEEK!" I never felt sexually attracted to my family at all and the thought of it disgusted me. I just played that prank because I didn't understand the context of why it was wrong. One day I tried it when I was like 11, and then my dad pulled me over. I was crying because I thought I was in trouble, instead he gave me the Talk. I told him I didn't like my sister that way. In hindsight, I think that was true...but I worry sometimes what if there was some subconscious sexual undertone to it??? What if I was perverted but didn't know it??? When I was younger, I might see a glimpse of a family member naked but it disgusted me, but part of me was curious. I just...I don't think I knew any better.
2. When I was like...12 or 13, I briefly touched my cat with my penis for like two seconds, then decided it was a bad idea. In fact, I used to touch all sorts of surfaces with my penis at that age. That thought just revolts and disgusts me now. I feel like such a horrible person.
3. When I was 15, a 12/13 girl admitted to having a crush on me and I wasn't sure how to respond because a girl had never told me that before. I did some thinking, and I decided to tell her that while I was flattered, she was too young for me and that since we were at different stages of emotional development, it wouldn't be a good idea. The only issue is was that her uncle decided to take away her electronics for some reason, so I decided to bike to her house, and I got her address from a mutual friend. I told her how I felt, but I said she was a beautiful, kind person because I didn't want to break her heart and make her feel that I was rejecting her because she was ugly or anything. She hugged me and told me that meant a lot to her, but as it turns out she was already dating another guy who was 15. Back at my age I thought I was doing the right thing but in hindsight I just find this really creepy and cringey.
4. When I was 17 I was at a homeschool prom and we were doing group photos and I stood behind this girl. She bumped into me on accident like three separate times, but I didn't move a muscle. I asked her if I was okay to stand there and she said it was fine. I never did anything, but she kept brushing into me and I let it happen. But...part of me enjoyed that. And that just feels very twisted in hindsight.
5. Sometimes I watch porn because well...I'm lonely. I've never had a girlfriend, mainly because I lack confidence and good social skills. I never watched porn where I thought the actresses were underage or non-consenting...but like, what if one of my assumptions was wrong? What if I saw something that was illegal and didn't even know it? That thought keeps me up at night. One time, I did encounter a website on accident that seemed to be hosting some very suspicious images of what might have been underaged girls. Horrified, I reported it, but I felt horrible. Some part of me kept telling me I was a monster. I didn't sleep at all that night, and I started shaking and crying at work, but I couldn't tell my boss what was wrong. I just had to beg him to let me home early. One of my coworkers saw me crying and comforted me in the parking lot. I never told her what I saw, but she told me to be strong. I got so close to suicide that night. Some voice in my head just tried to convince me I was a pedophile, even though I wasn't and I had tried to do the right thing.
6. I sometimes get these intrusive violent, sexual, or racist thoughts. I have been diagnosed with OCD but the thoughts are so powerful they start to feel like impulses. Now I actively avoid being close to any woman because I'm afraid I'll bump into them on accident or worse, I'll act on a sexual impulse. I never, never, ever want to do that and the thought scares me.

I just feel like a monster. An absolute monster. I'm carrying this constant shame and guilt everywhere I go. I've told my dad and some of my friends about these issues, and they tell me I'm just worrying too much. That these things aren't as bad as I think they are. Are they right?

Do I deserve to die? You decide.