I want to give up on everything and just need to talk about it.Honestly, I’m depressed right now. I’m angry. I’m anxious. I’m having a really hard time at work, at home, socially, even at church!  I feel like I can’t do this anymore. And you know what?  I just don’t want to do this anymore. It’s not worth the fight. It’s not worth anything. I’m not worth anything. I feel like I’m letting people down, and I also feel like others are letting me down as well. People I care about and people I look up to. 

I feel like I’ve given it a good run. I tried my best. I’ve tried to push through. I’ve tried to help others as much as I could. I feel like I’ve always been there if anyone ever needed help.  Sometimes I need help too. 

Sometimes when I ask for that help, nobody wants to listen. Sometimes people get angry about it, so I don’t open up. Going to my psychologist feels like going to the principal’s office.  I always feel like I’m letting her down when I’m just not getting better. We’ve tried a lot of different medications over the last 4 years, sometimes they help and sometimes they don’t. However, no amount of medications can change my actual circumstances. 

In my head I’m always thinking about ending it. And I mean always. It’s like a knee jerk reaction to anything. “Oh no, I woke up again this morning, better blow my brains out. It feels too early, I should just kill myself. Oh?  Did I just drop a bottle of water on the floor?  I guess it’s time. Kill yourself you piece of shit.”  

And here’s the kicker, a few years ago I had my chance. I had my life in my hands. I was one trigger pull away from escaping everything. I chose not to pull that trigger. There’s not a day that goes by that I don’t think that I made the wrong decision. Right now I am safe, I’m not an immediate danger to myself. I just need to be heard. I just need to be dead. I just need to move on. Some may say it would be the easy way out. And those people would not be wrong. Death would be easier than struggling to keep my head above water and not enjoying a minute of it.