Never thought I'd post here but I'm spiraling and need to reach out.Well, this is going to be a long read. It took a while for me to consider posting here. I already feel I vent too much to people in my personal life so I decided to "re sign up" with another username and post "anonymously". Bear with me or TL;DR me, I don't care.

I'm in my mid 20's and diagnosed with depression, social anxiety disorder and panic disorder. Still living with parents though I would have been living in my late grandparents' house if the job I once had was stable (it was pretty much a glorified pyramid scheme and we had to sell it. I feel a lot of guilt even though I know it was the job's problem and not mine.)

Speaking of which, my parents believe all mental illness is weakness and strongly discourage speaking out about it unless it's with my therapist. They are so concerned about my reputation in the family and the outside world, when I don't see a problem with it. I want to be open and talk, but I'm even paranoid about posting here in case someone finds it on Google and tells me I'm giving out my personal story to strangers.

I am constantly told that people will see me differently if I open up, and that I will bring embarrassment to my family members. My mother, whenever she gets angry, is unafraid of vocalizing her shame about "raising a damaged son". But when she's not angry, though, it's like I can do no wrong and that I'm an angel.

I already have a solid if unspectacular career in the field I graduated in. So in some ways, I'm ahead of the people I graduated with. I graduated summa cum laude and commuted, so I never got the party/social experience many students had. I wanted to get my education and keep my grades up. But with how long it took me to find work and how miserable I currently am, maybe I should have reconsidered.

The jobs in my field of study are just not enough for my parents and now myself. It's always "you don't work enough hours" or "you don't make enough money" so I've considered getting a third job to at least stop these constant arguments and calm these racing thoughts. They're never satisfied and I'm never complacent. Something about apples falling far from trees.

The worst thing that's happened was trying to date again in my state of mind. I've never really had any stable romantic relationships apart from the very first girlfriend I had in high school. I chickened out because she was a different religion, one of my biggest regrets. My second-last girlfriend, a long-distance relationship when I was in college...yeah, really...was unrequited. Unfortunately I learned this two years too late.

I recently started going out with this girl whom, surprisingly enough, I met in person. After working up the courage to speak to her at a party, we hit it off instantly. I felt proud of myself for taking the first step but also felt she'd be different from the rest. Well, unrequited once again, and worse. She's still in college. She has options. I don't.

Maybe it's me. I'm sensitive and care way too much about people too soon and that kinda tends to scare them off, because her opinion of me seemed to change overnight. Maybe that's just lack of compatibility, though. I have no idea. It's fairly evident that this particular girl doesn't care that much. I just can't bring myself to unfriend her on FB and delete her number because I'm sure she'll flip it on me and call ME the "bad guy".

Maybe I just need to "grow a pair" and do those things because all I feel is guilt over something that isn't my fault or that hasn't even happened yet. But I met her friends and they were all so good to me so I'll hate to lose all of them. And her personality is amazing. But it's what she does, not what she says, that stands out negatively.

Plus, there are way too many red flags with what she tells me she does, but I'm such a freaking "open minded person" that I'm willing to look past them. But I'm not going to be her doormat and will never be an orbiter. I have too much respect for myself, even in these darkest moments, to let myself sink so low. So I stopped talking to her. If she wants to be a part of my life again, even as a friend, that's her call. But I won't lie, it hurts to have those "empty spaces".

Before this, I went a few years just not wanting anything to do with a relationship. It's either my fault for not changing enough after my last one or hers for just not being the right person. I have respect for the people I date and will give them as much space as they need. I just don't like playing games and definitely don't want to be someone I'm not in order to impress people, because the truth will come out sooner or later. And sex is so far down on my list of priorities that I'm convinced it can wait until both parties trust one-another enough. There is a ton of risk involved for a few minutes of pleasure.

I strive toward being myself yet just don't have the confidence I need. I'm working hard at improving that (I've lost around 40-50 pounds this summer alone and making strides in therapy) but it's beginning to turn into a fruitless pursuit if I can't find overall happiness.

Over the last few weeks I've resorted to the "self-care" method, going out nearly every night and treating myself/buying something as a distraction. But I prefer to save my money, as I don't make a ton as it is, so it's starting to become a problem. 

For the last few months I've also been driving around in the evenings, nearly every night, to take my mind off stuff, with the music on. These are only temporary "band aid" fixes that I need to stop soon or else I'll start being unable to afford my car payments, student loans, insurance, friend night expenses, clothes, food...

I constantly try to make plans but I'm usually the one initiating. Only three or four friends randomly text just to talk. Two of them are long distance. The rest of my "in person friends" do not make me much of a priority in their lives (the aforementioned date very much included) and I'm trying very hard to change this. 

Short of attempting to assert myself out of nowhere and risk having them get them mad at me for being so randomly forward, I don't know how else to do it. So I've been trying to make new friends. I've joined Meetup.com groups which haven't yet met (one of which I'm sure I was rejected from applying to, and a few others that just aren't active).

I don't work with many people my age, so I find myself disconnected from this generation. Mostly because I see them as competitors in my field, so I usually keep arms length away socially. That's why many of my better twentysomething friends also happen to be long distance.

I'm constantly confused about many things. There's just too much information and opinions out there. I've left and re-joined Facebook so many times it's starting to get comical. Sites like Reddit and its "competitors" fill me with so much conflicting information about society and "how things should be" that I don't know what to believe anymore. I've been trying to make sense of some of my thoughts, so I've been literally typing them into Google and reading articles about what comes up, but instead, it usually creates even more overwhelming confusion. Why I read the comments section anymore is anyone's guess.

A friend I am comfortable venting to recently told me that they were legitimately worried about me because I am "a really kind person with a really fragile ego" and that it hurts to see me struggle. Another friend constantly asks if I'm safe or at risk of hurting myself. I tell them that "I know better than to do something I regret".

Now, I'm not so sure anymore. I have one vivid ideation of ending my life in a park close to my first family home but I will never go forward with it. I have too many people who care about me, or at least assume I do. At this point, I'm sure the loneliness will kill me first, that or if I snap one night and start doing what I previously thought was reckless behavior in others (alcohol, overdose, reckless driving).

And it's silly. Because I'm rationally anti-suicide. Mostly because I don't want the pain I've felt to be had by anyone else. I raised money for mental health and suicide awareness. I know very well that millions go through the same and worse. I want to end any stigmas and make people realize that suicide is not the way to solve things. But I still feel like a burden for venting, and still feel embarrassed that I'm posting here. And I'm the one who usually feels suicidal/worthless when I feel shame and guilt. It's almost a natural reaction to feel like I'd rather be dead than live with embarrassment.

I just want more positive influences, more optimism and for happiness to come and go without a massive "catch". I want to be myself and not turn into a judgmental, closed off person. I know life isn't supposed to be easy but it shouldn't be so overwhelmingly difficult that I constantly have to vent and feel like I'm alienating people.

I've tried online chats, communities and in-person talk but I'm starting to get at my wits' end. I'm in tears while typing this and I desperately want to move away from this feeling because I actually want to live. I just don't know if it's worth the constant struggle. I don't know where I'm going to see myself in ten years. The only answer I can come up with is "institutionalized". 

It used to be that "in ten years" I wanted to move back to the city I was born in and simply live happy doing anything...like in a vivid idealistic vision I had of myself when I was little. But as of right now, I don't know where life will take me and the constant uncertainty from every angle puts me on the verge of a panic attack. 

By the way, after living 20+ years without ONE, I've had THREE panic attacks in the past year. Almost four if you count the other night. Luckily I was able to identify it myself and leave my surroundings before it got worse.

Anyway, if anyone actually takes the time and reads this whole thing, thanks. I don't expect anyone to. 

In fact, I expect someone I know to find this, rat me out and make my life worse. But if I can get any help from any of you, I will appreciate it much more than you will be able to understand.