Thank you for your kindness. I love you, goodbye.Thank you to everyone on here who had convinced me not to kill my self earlier in the week. Unfortunately things haven’t gotten better and I plan to take my life soon.

I just wasted my time with another recruiter this morning trying to get work only to piss me around and fuck me about again. I can’t even afford to get anyone not even my fiancée a single gift. I have nothing to give anyone, I have no money to cover the cost of my car shit in the new year and I can’t face it anymore. I know what I am, I’m a loser and it’s time to just give up. 

I can’t show my face anymore, I hate living this life. My life is falling all around me and I can’t even get a fucking job over Christmas. I hate this I hate being me I hate being alive. It’s just not going to get better. It never does for me, I slaved to get my degree and it’s all pointless, worthless expensive piece of paper that I can’t even get a measly job with. I should have just fucking killed my self last week when I had the chance. No ones gonna miss another poor cunt like me with no prospects or talent or skill. I don’t know what to do anymore, the only option I have now is death.

Please forgive me, tell my fiancee I adore her always. She is my world but I can’t keep dragging her down like this. I don’t want her to keep having to carry a burden that I have become to her and my family. I can’t keep living a painful pointless existence where all I’ll ever amount to is the “poor cousin”. 

Fuck the NHS mental health system that left me to it and don’t care about me or anyone struggling with their mental health. You condescending cunts, you should be ashamed and you have blood on your hands.

Fuck my University that robbed me of my confidence and ability and robbed my money after lying to me about what a degree would do for me. Thanks for getting me fuck all after the clusterfuck that was going to your shitty school.

Fuck the world who continues to screw me over and cut me down until it becomes unbearable. I haven’t earned over 16k in that passed two years. Fuck you all I can’t do it anymore and I won’t. I watch as everyone else gets fair pay for their work and I can’t even get a temp job over Xmas. I just don’t want to lose anymore. I can’t. 

I give up. Goodbye and I’m sorry everyone. I can’t do it anymore. I learned my lesson, I now know I should have never tried.