I'm not sure what I'm doing but I can't do this
Sorry for the word vomit, I'm sitting in my closet, and I can't think.

I have such a "good" life, I shouldn't feel like this. I go to a good school, I have friends who care, my parents at least try, I graduate this year, I get pretty much everything I ask for, yet I just feel so alone. I have panic attacks, I have nightmares every night. Sometimes I see things, I've heard things a few times, I see faces in patterns, I think too much and end up believing that there's something behind me. I cry more than I wish I did, and I'm too afraid to cut but I scratch at my arms till they bleed. I'm scared everyone I care about is going to abandon me, my dad didn't mean to, it's not like he could control his death, but I still feel pain, and now I'm scared people are going to leave me. I know I don't have it that bad, I know I'm weak, and it hurts that I feel powerless to change this, especially when I should be trying harder. 

Right now I want nothing more than to take every pill I can find, I know mum has Xanax, I know we have a large amount of all sorts of pills. I'm scared of the pain but I really just want to stop being a burden. All i do is hurt people, and add to the pressure they have. I'm so selfish for wanting to go when I should be enjoying my life, but I know that everyone will be happier when I'm gone and the hurt dies down. It's like no one can change this, not my psych, not my friends, not my boyfriend. I feel bad for the pain I would temporarily cause, but I hate this, I'm already such a burden, I should just go and leave them in peace. My boyfriend would be so much better off without me, I'm nothing but a huge burden to him, there are other girls who are so much better than me. My friends deserve better than this horrible emotionally inept creature. My mum deserves better than this horrible excuse of a daughter. I should stop being so afraid and I should just end it, I'm not sure how but I have ideas. 

I feel like such an attention seeker posting this, my life should be fine, I shouldn't have this anxious feeling 24/7, I shouldn't be depressed while others have it so much worse. I'm really sorry that this seems so stupid, I know it's stupid, but I guess I can make it a lot easier on people once I'm gone.

If anyone could please just tell me the most painless way to go about this (sorry if it's against the rules, I just found this sub), and tell me how I should explain myself to everyone before i go? Sorry again for being such a spoilt brat, I really don't know how to carry on, and sorry for such long word vomit, I hope I haven't wasted too much of your time.