I honestly don’t feel anything anymore.Okay to start off, I apologize for formatting I’m on mobile. I’m on probation until I’m 31. The probation is for a sex offense, but before you jump off the deep end at me like everyone else, I turned 18 while dating a girl and her parents called the authorities. I’m honestly just giving up. I’ve always struggled with depression, and recently it’s not even hurting me anymore. I’ve just become acclimated to it. I first tried killing myself when I was about 12, when my mother found me hanging from an extension cord in my closet. I’ve tried a handful of times, one of which resulted in a long hospital stay and over 25 stitches. I can’t deal with being on probation, I can’t deal with feeling so alone. I’m a senior in university and I’m not even supposed to use the internet off campus. I don’t want to kill myself, I want so badly to have some glimmer of hope on the horizon but that light faded a long time ago. I’ve had to give up my dreams, my future. All of my friends have moved away, and they get a hold of me every so often and say when you’re off probation we should do THIS. I don’t have the heart to tell them I don’t think I’ll make it that long. I can’t even think straight right now. I’ve cried myself to sleep for such a long time that it doesn’t even feel pathetic anymore. It hurts me to wake up and see the scars I have from when I found out the girl I got in all this trouble for was cheating on me anyways. I have a girlfriend now, who doesn’t seem to give a fuck about any of these feelings and makes me feel even worse than any of this has. I just want a reason to fucking live and for the life of me I can’t find one. I’m going to cut this short here, and I’m sorry for the wall of text I feel like this will be, but if I don’t find some god damn reason to keep fucking trying I’m gonna throw myself off my apartments roof.

Edit: 14 hours later and not a single comment. Pretty garbage that I’m hated on the one sub I figured that wouldn’t be the case.