I'm a Worthless BastardToday, I really contemplated killing myself. It’s not the first time. I’ve considered it a lot of times in my life and I always come up with some reason not to. My family needs me too much. I’d miss the new episode of my favorite show. For the longest time, the reason I was holding onto was that I didn’t want to miss out on Avengers Infinity War and then Endgame. It sounds so stupid now that I think about it. Then I saw it and, even though it wasn’t everything I thought it was going to be, I was mostly satisfied, and I forgot. It had been so long that I had forgotten that I was waiting for that movie to end things.

It wasn’t until today when I was sitting on the couch, at peace for once. I was genuinely content with myself at that moment. Then my sister came, and she was mad that I didn’t take her son to school today. He didn’t get a lot of sleep last night, had a really bad nightmare about his grandmother (on his father's side) who had recently passed. I decided to let him stay home since it wouldn’t be right to send him to school. My sister confronted me. She accused me of being lazy. She said that all I do is lay around and watch tv all the time. She brought up things; how I’d never finished school, how I didn’t have a job, how I didn’t have any friends, and that the only thing I had in this world was those stupid action figures that I collected. She called me a Worthless Bastard and said that I was going to grow old with nothing and that I better not expect her to take care of me when our mother eventually dies.

A worthless bastard. That really hurt. She thinks that I am a worthless bastard. My own sister. I waited until she left the house and then I cried. I really got to thinking about my life.

She's right. I don't have any friends. I dropped out of college to take care of my mom when she got sick and now I don't have a degree. I'm 23 and still a virgin. I've never even had a boyfriend cause no one ever wanted to ask me out. I was a home care provider for my mom but then I was fired when she changed insurances. No Job. No money. I fill out an application for places and get rejected. I go in for interviews and get rejected. I'm so tired of getting rejected.

I just hate my life. I hate everything about it. Every time I leave the house I just feel like everyone is laughing at me. They can all see how awful I am and are thinking about how much they hate me. I know I'm being irrational. It's just how I feel so I haven't left the house, other than to drop my nephew off at school and pick him up, in days and even then I don't get out of the car that way I don't have to face anyone. I just go home and hide.

I used to be so Smart. I think about how Smart I used to be. I think about my goals. My plans for my life. The things that I wanted to do. I was going to be a doctor. I was going to go to college out of state and It was my plan and I’d tell anyone who would listen about my plans.

I endured a lot of bullying growing up and people were always telling me that I was worthless. I was always going to be worthless. I remember in the first grade that I was excluded from games and I didn’t have any friends. The Bullying continued throughout Elementary and Middle School. Bullied at school and then bullied at home by my sister and my grandmother. All my life everyone has always told me that I was ugly. that I was stupid. That I was lazy. That I couldn't do anything right. That I was a dumbass. And whenever I'd cry I was called out for being sensitive. Why was I so sensitive? Why couldn’t I take a joke?  I was always a target, and there were days when I considered killing myself just for relief. But I didn’t. I stood in front of a mirror, tears in my eyes and I said, “Not yet. I can’t do that to my family.”

But I think about it now that I’m older. All my life, I was told that I had to take care of my sister. She has a mental disorder and my mom was always telling me that one day when I became a doctor that I had to support my sister. Look after her. I used to have nightmares about that. Nightmares where my mom was a ghost telling me to look after my sister. And after she had my nephew it became, "Look after both of them."

Now, I'm nothing. I didn't become anything. I didn't prove anyone wrong. I can't take care of anyone. I'm a waste of space. A worthless Bastard just like she said. I feel so worthless and tired. I hate myself so much. I just wish I was dead.