Should I leave a note?I am a 20 year old female. My parents decided that it was a good idea to have a baby with someone they met at AA and subsequently divorced when I was 4. I've been in therapy since I was 8. My first psychiatric inpatient admission was when I was 16 but once I graduated high school, everything went downhill. 

I've tried university but it's so lonely. I'm supposed to be in my 4th year but I barely have enough credits for a single year. I was in the gifted program so all of my high school friends are out there achieving great things and I'm just here binging and purging. Since I've turned 18, I've spent aprox. 10 months, mostly of a form(involuntary), in a psych ward. I've tried ECT twice and I'm only 20. I'm scared that it gave me brain damage because my memory is still fucked. I've tried about 20 different medications. 

Well, I see a social worker, psychiatrist, and a therapist weekly. I'm on disability. Would it really be that much of a surprise to my loved ones? It'd be selfish of them to want me to continue to live this way. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II, BPD and Bulimia Nervosa. I am just a failure and a burden. There is nothing to look forward to except misery. My friends leave me. My mother just complains about how much money I cost her. Everyone is going to die and I have such trust/abandonment issues that I cannot trust my bf not to cheat on me. 

I can't tell my psychiatrist that I got the pharmacy to refill that bottle of pills security wrestled from me because he will just put me back on a psych ward. I just want to die. There is no hope at all. I don't want to wait until I'm 30 and just be in a worse position. There's no god because a god wouldn't let someone live in such agony. What have I done to deserve this? I try to go to school and smile but it just feels like I am attempting to evade my destiny.

Besides a living will that will say to take me off life support if heavily brain damaged, is there much point in leaving a note at this point? It's pretty much expected at this point. 

Thank you for reading. Please no "you're only 20" posts. Please.  