I think I just need to write I'm 100% sure I'm going to kill myself.

It's just about finding how to do it. I wouldn't be typing this now if there was a way to reliably do it to hand. I live in a country that doesn't allow us to own guns, which is massively frustrating. It would be over so soon if we had guns. I live in a tiny town with no high buildings. The highest is the church, but I'm not sure that would kill me. Some might say it's worth a try, but I want this to work. I don't want to just injure myself and then be saved. I don't want to be helped. It has to work. There is a bridge in the town, quite high over a river, but it's not as high as even the church, and I don't know how deep or fast the river is. It looks quite slow. But it's still my best bet. There are railroad tracks. I know what times the trains come in. I could walk far enough down the tracks away from the station to make sure the trains are not slow enough to stop. Problem with that is, I don't want to make a scene. Silly really, but I don't. People would be on the train, they didn't do anything to deserve that experience. I really don't want to do that. I wouldn't want it to be in the towns newspaper either, and it most definitely would be. Not many people wander onto the rail tracks of such a sleepy town. The bridge is definitely the best bet. But I don't want to just bet. I want it to be over. So it requires more thinking. Maybe a different way. I have a few things bookmarked, and finances allowing, I could buy something to do the job I suppose. There was something about tanks of gas. But I don't want to accidentally kill an animal, and apparently that's a hazard with that method. I think it's going to be the bridge.

I'm frustrated with how hard they make it to kill yourself. I feel despair at the thought of living much longer, at how people just *wont let me die*. So many people could help me go, but no one will. 

A good friend of mine hung herself when we were 17. I'm 23 now. She hung herself from a tree, her feet only inches above the ground they said. I wouldn't want anyone to find me like they found her.

I'm jealous of her, now. I wasn't back then.

They tell you to talk to people, always remember to talk to people if you feel depressed (I really don't think I'm depressed) or want to kill yourself. Two weeks ago, when I realised killing myself wouldn't actually be that easy, I decided to talk to people. Two people. I don't have anymore people. Heck, I didn't even have *that* many people, but I tried anyway. They could not care less. It wasn't a case of them not knowing how to help, it didn't get that far. It was a case of them not caring enough to even talk to me or really caring at all how I felt. I tried multiple times.

So no one tell me to talk to people. I tried that. And I don't want to be helped anymore anyway. I know I should *want* help, but I don't. The only reason I'm even typing in Suicide Watch is that tonight I once again realised that killing myself is not going to be easy, maybe even impossible for now until I take a better look at that river. I don't want to get injured. I want to die. 

For now, I'm starving myself. I've been doing this for a few months, and despite losing a massive amount of weight, it hasn't killed me yet. I wont stop, though. I do feel like shit. 

I wish I were better at starving myself. I can't even do that right. I want help with starving myself, too, but no one will give me that either.

Sometimes I look for reasons not to kill myself, or I used to a few weeks ago when I started planning and considering it, at least. Not so much now. Number one reason on every webpage about this one the internet? '*Friends and family, the people that care for you*'. Well, that just made me feel a whole lot worse. There are none.

No, I mean that literally. There are no people that care about me. That's not being over-emotional or over-dramatic. This is no longer an over-emotional or over-dramatic thing. I'm weeks into considering, into planning. After searching so hard for reasons not to kill myself, I found none. And every reason *to* do it.

Why would anyone think it's fair to make me go through life completely unloved, with no chance at ever being loved? Okay, I know, it's fine for you - attractive enough to get a partner, or maybe a sparkling personality with a talent to wow someone into wanting to get to know you and love you. Healthy enough to go on trips, to get away. My neurological condition means I cannot leave my town, due to not being able to ride in vehicles (overstimulation of many senses. Pass out. Get hospitalised. But even that doesn't kill me). I can't meet people. And when I do, mainly online, people use me. They just use me. I'm only ever used. Never cared for, never loved. Never FUCKING cared for. I know why. Unbearably ugly, unhealthy, no talents, nothing that stands out about me. I'm good as a last resort, I know that much.

I'm never, ever going to be fucking loved and people expect me to live through this shit? I've loved and cared for other people so much. I just want to be enough for someone to care for or love me as much as I've cared for and love other people. But it's always so one sided. I can see clearly that it's one sided, from the very start of any "friendship", but I keep at it and ignore that part because I'm a stupid moron who knows it's the best she can get. But I don't want that anymore. I can't ignore it.

I don't hate them. I don't blame them. No one is obligated to care for me. I just wish they wouldn't use me. 

I'm so, so alone, and I always will be. I want someone to cuddle me, and mean it. So many people have that. I never will. I'll never be someones special person, or even special at all to anyone. 

I don't even know why the fuck I'm still sitting here. Thanks for reading.