I feel rejected by the system and I don't know where else to turnI don't really know where to start, because I feel like I've been on this roundabout for a little while now. I dealt with a fair bit of bullying and family issues (divorce, DV) as a child/young teen. This made me feel quite anxious for a few years and this is where I first started with psychology. It really helped me for a while, but the anxiety slowly faded away and was replaced by depression.

I'd say for about three years now, I've been really depressed. It's hard to tell, because you don't really know how bad it is until you're through it, I guess. 2017 has been horrible for me. It's been difficult to do anything, so my grades have slipped really badly. I've tried to kill myself four times this year, all with some form of drug and alcohol. It's usually messy, but I guess when you're that impaired that you don't have a filter, it gets a lot messier when you say things you regret to family and friends.

I deserve it, but now most of my family and friends have desserted me too. I don't blame them, because honestly, I've been horrible. The last time I tried was about three months ago now. It was at my university campus, and there were posts to the facebook student group while I was in my impaired state. I didn't intend on doing that nor do I know why I did. The result was that I was found after a goose chase with security and was arrested and taken to hospital.

Of course, it was just like the other times. I was drunk, so they assume I wasn't really depressed and that I was horrible for doing what I did. I was placed in a room and I wasn't allowed to see anyone or have my phone. I had to beg a doctor for help, and that was when I finally got some antidepressants. (I'd been on them before, but it was too expensive to keep seeing my psychiatrist.)

I was finally released and it turns out I sent some pretty embarrassing and inappropriate emails to one of my favourite lecturers who I really looked up to. That really made me upset by putting someone in that position. I've apologised and since haven't got a response (even though I know he shouldn't have to -- it's a professional setting, you know?) even though he said he's always there to talk if I need it. It really hurts because even though he was purely a teacher, he was one of the few people that I really trusted and I felt was there for me. Depression makes you get attached to people I guess.

The posts were visible to everybody, so whenever I step on campus, I get a lot of bullying about it now, too. So I'm too scared to go back. I know my mum has had it to, because last time we fought she said she was too tired of worrying about me and that I should just do it because she needs closure. I know she didn't mean it, but it really hurts.

But the worst part is the hospitals. I'm always treated like a criminal. I'm always hated by the nurses and doctors. And I stress so much about previous experiences there that I can hardly bring myself to go to a doctor, or talk to a counsellor just in case I say something too worrying. I feel completely rejected by the medical people that are there to help, as well as everybody who has said they care.

I've been on these new medication for about three months now. I feel less depressed -- I can get up in the morning and stuff like that. But the suicidal urges are still here. They're so strong, I have to self harm just to get rid of them. I'm so worried about it. And the worst part is that I know if I do it again, I'm going to make sure that I succeed because I can't deal with the hospital again. 

I'm worried that I'm going to hurt myself. I don't want to, but I don't see any other option at this point.

Please help me.