Another rantI’m so furious right now. I was driving home with my mother and for some reason she just stared at me. She said “Do you believe in Heaven and Hell?” I was so confused because it was out of fucking nowhere. I lied and said “Yes.” She then followed with, and I kid you not, “You know that if you commit suicide, you go to Hell?” Within 3 seconds, I was filled with so much confusion and anger. I just simply answered “Yes.” She just said alright and turned up the radio(she was playing a christian station. I can’t believe that just fucking happened. Why would she even think to say something like that? Do you know how worse that just made me feel today? She doesn’t because she wouldn’t be able to comprehend my struggle ever since I was disabled child. My family has noticed me being depressed but don’t offer anything but praying at night. I’m just so fucking broken. Fuck! Why would she say that to me? If I’m going to Hell for being gay anyway so why shouldn’t I just hang myself, tonight? I’m so fucking angry. Apart of me just wants to end it all tonight out of spite but if I do, she wins. She loses a son to the Devil but if she knew I was gay, it wouldn’t matter. Being the closet is so exhausting and it makes me feel so inferior. I fucking hate everybody. I am so hurt at the moment. This day just turned so much worse. I just want to bleed and go to sleep. I had/still have so much guilt being that I was a “miracle child”(had a trach) and was prayed for so much just to be a faggot. I hated myself so much because I thought the devil was using me. Now, I have left that mindset but here came my mother bringing up the pain for, again, no goddamn reason. I hope she never asks me why I am sad because all I will think about is her telling me what she said today. All these years of hiding who I am and wishing I was never born. Fuck her for that. Shit like this makes me hate so called “righteous” people so much( No disrespect to believers.) My family is so ignorant and today was just another display. They wonder why I isolate myself and stay in my own head.