i'm just really tired. i'm trying, but i'm so tired.i was doing really good. i'm on meds. i'm in therapy. i'm working really hard. i have suspected DID. basically, we know,but my psych doesn't diagnose things due to not wanting to deal with insurance.

my boss was mean to me again, today. treated me like i was stupid. that's...honestly always a trigger, because it's always...something he didn't need to be so mean about. 

i think it was the michael jackson documentary, and my coworker bringing up that they just want money because there's no evidence.

i think this recent episode might have started a few months ago when the dentist did not believe me when i screamed in the chairat my first appointment in ten years. she was pulling my tooth (she had specifically told me that wasn't going to happen,but what's consent when you don't anesthesize a patient and they only have ibuprofen)?

she told me to stop being so dramatic.and that i was mistaking pain for pressure but then she looked at the (oh wow) live tooth on the tray and said 'maybe you were in pain. huh.'

i've been fighting but i just want someone to hold me while i'm crying and not get up until i stop. i don't think that's going to happen until heaven.

i don't want to do the pills thing. i don't. i've been sick with a systemic chronic disease that doctors are just now beginning to tap into, but it's been sixteen years. 

i'm just....i'm really tired. i'm so tired.

one of my favorites released a song today about his mom who died a couple years ago. he's the oldest of 7 and she had him when she was 18, so they were close. he left home for music at 16 and his life before that was love-filled but chaotic/ a bit unstable, and one of the lyrics in the song is 'we'll end just like we started, just you and me and no one else.' 

basically i feel that lyric on every level, but about one of my alters (the maternal one) and i want so so so so badly to go home now. i'm going to probably ask my doctor about the new ketamine treatment for suicidal episodes saturday, but otherwise, i've stopped caring about finally finding out if i have crohn's. my pediatrician strongly suspected i had it and i finalyl got a doctor to let me see a doctor. i have a referral for a colonoscopy and endoscopy now, but i'm scared the test is just going to come back clean for everything even though the pain is so bad.

let it be 'just something i'm making up to be dramatic and get attention'. whatever. i just want out, then. i want to die. i want to die a lot. it's coming over me like a blanket like it did the last time i had to go to the hospital. 

i want so badly to leave i can't really stand it. 