[Depressing Title Here]I feel nothing right now. I sat for 20 minutes thinking of a game to play, a movie to watch, or homework to do. But I didn't feel drawn to any of them. I didn't care. I could stare at a white wall, and I could gain the same satisfaction from doing anything else.

Two days ago I called my campus health center's counseling department. Throughout orientation it was talked about as being a great resource for students who were under the weather. They're booked for the next month. I'm attending a $60k a year top private university, and I cannot get the help I need.

I know I suffer from anxiety. I'm honestly not sure if I'm not mildly autistic. My brain came from nowhere. My parents combined ACT score is lower than mine. It was always a joke that they took the wrong kid home from the hospital. Well, it kind if clicked after I watched The Accountant, the movie about an autistic hitman. It talked a lot about the underlying issues of autism, and quite a few hit close to home. 

I develop quirks easily. I bite the skin around my nails when I'm nervous. I repeat phrases after every sentence when I'm on one of those kicks.

I have sensor overload on occasion. Since I was a child I have never been able to walk down the laundry aisle without holding my breath. Also, I need sound to sleep. Usually I just need to know it's there, but sometimes music or words will repeat without stopping in my head and focusing on a fan's oscillation is my only salvation.

I have always been a creature of habit. I slept in my parents bed until I was nearly 5-6 years old, and after that I wet the bed until I was nearly 13. I always take the same routes to get places, and changes in my routine are often met with staunch resistance.

I have never socialized well. As a child I was violent. I would hit people without reason, and I had few friends. Now I can get by, but I never talk to anyone I know I don't have to. I don't approach new people, and I stick with who I know in a social setting. The only reason I'm even with someone is because she guided me every step of the way.

I can't stop thinking that something is wrong with me. School has me stressed. My schedule is only going to get more busy and difficult as the semesters go by, and the only reason I can afford my tuition is through my scholarships. The type that demand I maintain a 3.0 GPA. Out of my 6 classes this semester, I'm probably pull a B and 5 A's, but I have worked my ass off for each one and that has barely been enough.

Every time I take an exam my stomach turns and flips, and at my worst, I get so flustered I can't concentrate. My head will throb and burn, and I get trapped in a cluttered mind.

I don't know if I can make it another month. I'm starting to hate myself. I'm letting myself go. I'm losing what social skills I developed over the last 2 years of forcing myself out if my shell. I'm gaining weight, becoming lazier, becoming someone I don't want to me. I feel like I'm blowing my one chance. I'm gonna crack. I'm not gonna make it to next month. I just know it.