8 months ago I had a failed attempt. 8 months ago my best friend stopped talking to me. How do I move on?I just want to preface this by saying I am okay now. I know I am just a stranger on the internet, but I have seen how compassionate a lot of you are and I don't want anyone to worry.

The first time I thought of suicide I was 11. Last October at 21, i went on medication for the first time. They gave me a box with 180 pills. I took them all at once. I felt peaceful. When the nausea, dizziness, and shortness of breath kicked in, I panicked. Ive never been so scared in my life. I guess there was an arrogance in assuming I was ready for death, because your body is programmed to survive, so when it's in danger it does everything to prevent it, despite what your mind thinks. I called for help. I went to hospital. Things were fucked in hospital. I couldnt walk, i couldnt talk, i could barely hear, i was having seizures. After I was medically stable I got admitted to a psych ward and got assigned a social worker after being discharged. Things slowly started improving.


I dont tell many people about this. I mean who does, right? But when I was in the psychiatric ward, my friend was messaging me. We were just talking about some generic girly gossip, and partway through I briefly told her that I was sorry to spring this on her, but I had had a failed overdose and was now in hospital. I had no friends or family in this new town, only roomates who i wasn't close with. I just needed someone to talk to. I was so detached from reality and nothing felt real. For awhile I thought I mightve actually died. I just needed a familiar friend to talk to.


My friend saw the message, and she didnt reply. I thought she was processing. I waited 6 weeks for her to reply before I realised she never would. 


I checked her twitter one day. I dont have an account myself but I know her handle. Since the day I told her, she had continually been tweeting about how you should never feel guilty about putting yourself first. So i think thats what she did. I think the news of my attempt was too damaging so she put herself first and cut me off. It was hard, because I really needed her, but for the most part I had to understand. I did that to myself. I couldnt expect her to help after i did that.


But what got to me was within those tweets, she had a whole bunch of tweets about how excited she is to be studying social work because shes so passionate about helping people, and cares a lot about mental health. Everyone was commenting about how selfless and caring she is. That felt like a slap in the face, because if she was that passionate about helping people, why couldnt she send one simple reply to me? Was i too much of a lost cause?



More salt is she has a new best friend now. Her new best friend went to my school and constantly tweets about her anxiety, very tumblr-ish, and acts like a gatekeeper of mental health, constantly talking about how no one else knows what true suffering is, and how if someone can work or study, then it means their mental health problems arent real. I was functional while suicidal, and sat my uni exams a week after being discharged from the psychiatric ward, so I know thats bullshit. We can still be functional. Basically this girl will disregard anyones problems and will always claim how her mental health is worse. I'm not saying whether it is or isnt, but I'm just saying why is my ex best friend able to cope with this girl being the queen of depression, but couldnt reply to me? I wasnt asking my friend to solve my problems, i just needed to tell someone.



As i mentioned, I got assigned a social worker, but I eventually stopped going to my appointments after realising that a lot of people who are social workers/psychiatrists etc are probably people like my friend, who will talk about their profession to get congratulated by their peers, but dont actually give a shit when their friends are in trouble. I thought, why should i go to these counselling appointments when chances are the person "helping" me is only doing it for their own ego?



Idk. This is a clusterfuck of a post. Basically its 8 months later and im doing okay, still studying a fucktonne of science and maths at university so I can become a badass lady in the STEM field and not give a fuck. But I cant stop being angry about the fact that people are telling my ex-friend about how shes a fucking angel for studying mental health in uni when clearly shes not equipped to handle it. How thr fuck do i stop being angry about this? How do I get over myself and stop feeling shit about being basically dumped when I was at my lowest?


Tldr: tried to kill myself, failed. Told my best friend. She stopped talking to me. She sucks her own dick on twitter about how passionate she is about helping people and how much she cares about mental health. People congratulate her for being an amazing person.