I hate womens so muchI hate every single women, I hate being a woman and I cant see one that I just feel like they all should die, me included. Im like that since i was a kid, I tried dozen of times to act and be like a guy, to be ugly enough so boys would never try to flirt with me, during all my teenager i would go out with a sweatshirt every fucking day with 40°C (104°F) in Brazil, so people would never see my female body and have feelings for it. I never really had female friends, the closest one that i got was a trans girl that i met before her hormone therapy, today we dont even talk anyways. I only had male friends in my life and a lot of times they would only make me feel worse.

I love video games and the best place i found to talk about it was around men, a lot of them never ever talked to a girl in their life. Doesnt matter how hideous i am, how manly i try to be and act, they would still fall in love with me because i have a fucking pussy. I had to leave so many group of friends because of that. I tried to help a guy playing some video games with him and he ended up jerking of to me during a voice call because i have a "cute voice", other one from my class stalked me so hard that i failed all my exams in school and dropped it. My own father assaulted me when i was 11 and i just can't fucking forget it. There is so much more that happened, and none of that would even happen if i was a boy, i would be a fucking hideous piece of shit that never talked to a girl but i would not lose everyone because they fall in love with me, i would not be stalked, assaulted or abused.

I just cant get over it, doesn't matter if i try to blame men for these things, the reality is that what i really hate is women. To make things even worse some friends say that im only poor because i want, i could just sell my "female qualities" to men, like egirls and vtubers, and i would have money, that if they were me they would totally do it.

I just can't handle this anymore, i feel sad everytime i open twitter or facebook and see women that only exists for men fetish like 90% of games, animes, movies and remember everything that happened because they can only see women this way. Im so stupid that i cant even blame them for this behaviour, i just accept it as my own fault for exist as a women.