I tried killing myself, now what?I posted on here 5 months ago after my first attempt, and those 5 months were very lonely and harder than I could've ever imagined. I had a job as a dental nurse during that time and I enjoyed the role itself, but the hours were too much and my depression started kicking me again to the point where I relapsed on self-harm again I couldn't bring myself to go to work, so I quit. My last day was last Friday.

I've generally been feeling better since I handed my notice in, but on Monday I had a total breakdown and self-harmed pretty badly which led to me trying to kill myself again. 

Now what? 

I don't know where to go from here. I didn't tell anyone about my first attempt, bar profession mental health team, so it won't be any different this time. I saw the doctor today and he upped my antidepressant dose but I feel so lost and numb and I can't see myself living for much longer. My family are not supportive and I can't talk to them about what's going on as they're in denial of me being sick and always have been. I have a friend who lives far away but feel bad dumping my problems on him when he doesn't really get it/understand where I'm coming from.

I am so lonely and I hate it

If you happen to know of any post-suicide attempt support/forums/whatever I'd be grateful for a link to them as I can't seem to find any at all which is weird considering I can't be the only one who's gone through a suicide attempt and not told anyone. Surely there's got to be a support group for us somewhere?

Any advice in general would be appreciated. I'm getting so frustrated with being just so depressed for so long and not getting anywhere with it - I've tried working so much I don't do anything else, I go to the gym, I've tried meditation and medication, going outside regularly, seeing friends, coping with it via distractions, making plans for the future and going through with them - and nothing seems to work. I feel like a lost cause. I don't know if I could handle another 5 months where the secrets eat me alive

These monsters are pretty hard to fight, eh?