I only thing I want is to go to sleep and never wake up.Hi! 

I am a 29-year-old woman and I am done. 

I know that people have a worse life than me, people abused, mistreated, and severely sick. But they manage to succeed in life or survive wich shows that they are better creatures than me, stronger and smarter. 

 If you live a life where you basically have a free hand to choose everything but end up doing everything wrong that means you are a piece of shit. I don't even know where to start.

 Playing video games wasn't make me better than those shallow girls with boyfriends because I have never truly played video games, I was cheating a lot just to enjoy it and I missed the development blessing that video games can give you. 

 I was trying to be an artist but the idea of me having "talent" has blinded me and because of that I don't need to work this hard as others. Now I have not idea how to do things right. I just sometimes do nice stuff but I have no control over it. 

 Been trying to hit the gym too because less as a woman - to be more like a man, but after weight lifting, I just had big ass eh... Totally opposite of what I wanted. 

I have grown to time where everything became expensive and its amount is smaller. I might earn good money but in reality I cannot afford much more. So hard work is meaningless.

I thought that being an independent working woman would be good but now I see how my country is treating mothers - they have literally high life and respect because they have spread their legs. They literally don't need to even care about their kids. They have support and identity that cannot be taken back. Where when you work you can always be replaced or be called "you are not real - thing-" 

When I was a teenager I thought that I will be that happy adult that earns a lot, is tall and beautiful travels a lot with its pack of friends. I ended up short ugly with severe back pain (because I haven't exercised and eaten well in my early life) my teeth are slowly decaying even if I brush them. I cannot travel because I am too scared as a lone woman and I am an idiot who barely can find the right bus to get somewhere. And I have no friends. As an adult everyone would rather to have a family - the slaves that will always wait for them at home rather go with me to an adventure.

Everyone had their adventures earlier. I missed it. I was sitting here and now I have no future to look up to and no memories to go back. I failed, I admit it, can I now just die? 

Apparently I can't because I am the only reason my mother lives. She will die if something would happen to me. That's what my brother said. 

**I just wait to be diagnosed with something terminal so when I will die it will not be called selfish it would be just fate and family would be accepting and supporting.** Or I will just kinda try to survive while fulfilling my plan. Get insurance and wait 2 years before be free to kill myself (in another way it will be a fraud and no money would be paid) For this time collect as much money from my job as I can and not use it more than I need to. Prepare papers and funeral, and when my mom dies, use her blood pressure drugs to kill myself. My brother would just come and collect money, he needs it's more than I do. He deserves it because he is a better human being. 

**My home would be better used because it's big and I am alone. My company I work too would find someone better for my place. That place in the doctor's queue would be shortened by one person. That bed in the hospital would be free. That one ticket would be left just for someone who deserves it more than me.** 

**I literally feel that I have actually fulfilled my life. I wanted to be artist - I am.** Other things like visiting some places? It's actually doesn't matter because they will be there no matter what so why I should sacrifice and risk to be there? It will not change anything. 

There is no technology that could change me. Like literally, my thoughts will not fix my spine or arm, only technology would. For now it's pretty flawed. There is no way I could be transferred to a new body even if just for one day. I would be someone who I want to be for one day. I would definitely agree to die the next and make more place to other people. I wish that someone would come and say " you don't deserve to live I will kill you right now".

OK I have got a little lost in words. Why I am trying to say it's that I am conscious that I may not be as smart as other people and have done a lot of mistakes and maybe I am not available for making good decisions in the future. I know that some things will be only worse no matter what will I do. I know I am not giving to the world as much as others because in reality why should I? There are so many people better than me in any needed way so why should I just suffer here? Time flies as fuck now. But rather than gives new possibilities it just tightens rope around my neck. **I am tired of waiting, but I don't want to do things because no matter what I will do it will not be good enough and I will just not fit the picture. Never.** 

As I said I cannot die yet, unfortunately. I am little bit relaxed with knowing I can come here and tell my story here. Maybe I will come back from time to time. Till my time will come.