i was suicidal from pmdd and hormone treatments 2 months ago, and the fallout just keeps getting worsei told my husband i was suicidal. i went to him for help. that was 2 months ago and i have an appointment to see a doctor in 2 days. it was the first appointment i could get. ive been staying level using cbd and  coping skills and praying the time would go faster and i could go see my new doctor. 

we're having money problems so i've been working 11 hour days 5 days a week trying to pay debt and save money. he took yesterday off because he had stomach problems and was feeling mentally off. I tried not to get mad, and reasoned with myself over it.  I was initially angry that he'd take time off when i was working so hard, but he said he needed the day for mental reasons and i let it go.  I work from home, and was quiet and withdrawn for the rest of the day.  Eventually we seemed find, and things were back to normal by the time I got off work. 

This morning his iphone reset and all his timers were shut off. he didn't wake up in time to go to work and see a doctor for his first appointment today. I got mad. I said that if he hadn't taken yesterday off, there wouldn't be an issue today. and he called me a f'g idiot, a moron, screamed shut the f up when i tried to apologize, told me he might not come back home tonight and left for work. we've been fighting for hours since. hours and hour. and it's all my fault. I didn't recognize that he needed the time yesterday to deal with his own stresses. he locked himself upstairs for the first half of the morning yesterday and then sat behind me playing world of warcraft until i got off work. we barely talked but then things seemed to calm down.  and then this morning it all just blew up. 

he said having to wonder if he'd come home every day to find me dead was too much for him.  but this was 2 months ago, and i had a ton of coping skills  and was doing better.  He's been texting me for hours, calling me a monster for putting him to through so much hell. he says i'm a demon and hateful and selfish for shaming him for taking yesterday off. i had a knee jerk reaction, i was angry for money. it wasn't even my pmdd, i just snapped and said something i regretted. i tried to apologize to him within seconds, and he screamed "shut the f up" over me drowning me out, and left the house. 

I have no one. no family of my own, i'm completely cut off from anyone except him and his family. we've been together for years, and i called his mom. she was the first person to offer to be there for me. i cried so hard this morning and she tried to be there for me. but instead she texted my husband and told him she was concerned for him. i reached out to her for help to gain perspective and calm down, to not be so terrorized, and that totally backfired on me. 

i tried to call my therapist to get in to see him and am waiting for a call back.  and now my mil is texting to see if i'm ok, and he's talking about something going on with the game developers. i called off from work - which now puts me on a written warning and i'm drowning. please dont' just tell me to leave him. it was my error not realizing how badly sharing that i was feeling suicidal would effect him. i dont know what i want or need. i'm just so lost