I only seek peace.I am starting to doubt myself. I am so frequently humbled or humiliated by others now it is starting to wear me down.

It's just about every day that I will find myself in many situations that leave me feeling ashamed, disappointed, awkward, or inadequate. I hate these feelings, and they make me want to implode. It's simply a miserable existence to keep reliving those moments in similar experiences on a daily basis.

Part of it is my evolution. I have evolved to be more of a risk-taker. I somewhat recently begun using substances that could have consequences for myself in one way or another. I haven't had much restraint in this department, and when I get reminded of those ugly possibilities, it scares me.

In another life the risk-reward calculation would be much easier, but that's not how things are. The way things are would best be described as complicated. I have had the incredible privilege to have access to a potentially bright future. I am starting to journey a path that demands much success, and permits few mistakes. It is a path that is very intolerant of certain relevant infractions, and that is something I haven't fully personally acknowledged as of late.

In light of those revelations, I'm going to try to make some changes in my life to raise my self-esteem and restore a sense of pride, or maybe even instill a feeling of self-worth. It is hard to fathom it happening at all, so I'm going to really push myself to try and give myself the best chance possible.

It would be so much less painful to abandon life now than to face the challenges in my life or confront my demons, and that is one thought that is coming back to me. I will try to fight it, but I've nearly been beaten by it before. Regardless of what outcome may arise, I simply wish to find some peace in my life.

I hope putting this out there can help me get my life back on track, and I just want to thank anyone who has taken the time to read this or help others with their struggles. I wish you all peace in your lives.