Suicide as a logic choiceI've been thinking about suicide a lot lately but I am not remotely suicidal. I'm not depressed. Yet with this terrible economy every plan I make during mental exercises fails. I am 40. I'm experiencing a lot of age discrimination in IT and it is only getting worse. I am not talented enough yet as this was a career change 3 years ago. I've been working CRAP jobs up to thIS career due to a long story of a useless BS degree in a small town with a phobia of living alone so moving was off the table. I've finally figured out a solution to that problem and have been enjoying moving far away and working OK jobs but now my age is coming up in promotions and etc. My current contract is nearly over and job hunting has been terrible. I really can't see spending one more minute studying something that I will quickly age out of. So I am determined to career change again to work until I drop. I can't retire being so far behind. So looking at my options for older workers--they suck. If I do accounting or nursing with college loans and fail my only fallback (inherited house) could be taken. So it is succeed or die. More and more options are being limited to succeed or die. I won't suffer homelessness and could barely suffer near homelessness.

So I could go the debt/school route and maybe succeed or maybe end up homeless. If a become a nurse just one asshole boss could ruin this delicate plan.

I'm not at all looking forward to school AGAIN.

At what point does a person who feels emotionally fine and not depressed but just stuck--choose suicide as a logical choice?

There is no pain. No more taxes. No more bills. No more memorizing. No more working.

OK OK there are reasons to live but LIFE suicides me in a few decades anyway. Literally life is sitting there with a suicide sickle for everyone at 80 or below.

So not suiciding is not saving me, just extending life for awhile.

I'm afraid of dying and have no plans to do it but it seems so logical for the future.

I could see myself being one day away from homelessness and just saying FUCK IT.

Opinions? Is my logic bad? 

Unfortunately my wife and mother would be devastated so I'll save that option for when I'm older but what happens when my wife is old too? She is not bright and borderline slow. I HAVE to stay for her like a father but what if we both end up homeless?

I feel like I should introduce her to a great guy who made the right decisions then live life single until homelessness hits OR live with my parents and take over their house when they die, doing whatever work I can find or create.  My wife would probably leave after extended unemployment. This I would not blame her for.

I blame insourcing and outsourcing. Globalism.

Suicide is logical but perhaps darker than most can stomach.  Again I'm not suicidal NOW but in my future mental exercises I am--5-20 years from now.

This must be happening secretly to many other people. 

Also HR ... WHO CARES WHAT MY AGE IS IF I CAN DO THE WORK?