I just need someone else to know.I was diagnosed with depression two years ago. Not as serious as others but enough to warrant the use of medication. Past myself the only people who know are my parents and older sister. i have a younger brother aswell though he is autistic and requires constant attention from either my parents or a carer. We aren't exactly rich so paying for a full time carer is practically impossible, so between everyone in my family, including some extended family, we take care of him. 

Eight months ago my depression got worse, this was partly due to the the build up of stress for exams but also because because my sister went to university. This meant I was spending more time caring for my brother. 

Four months ago a long time friend of mine (female) and I started spending more time together. It escalated into a relationship and she has now gotten to know everyone in my family including my brother. She is the same age as me so she to is facing the end of year examinations I am facing. She has been very supportive of me and likewise I have tried my best though she is incredibly smart and I doubt she will struggle at all. In addition to this she is pretty. A month or so ago it was London fashion week and she was scouted by a modelling agency. At this point things are looking good. Despite what I can only assume what must have been a huge boost to her self esteem, she is still very down to earth. I doubt she will take it as a career path, she is too smart to become just some skinny model walking up and down all day.

Our mutual friend (another girl) started becoming closer to the both of us. She and her boyfriend invited me and mine to her house one night, sort of like a double date. At some point in the night My girlfriend left to the toilet. We had all been drinking and I wasnt surprised to find her passed out with her head down the toilet. I haven't done much drinking hence I didn't really know what to do but I tried to clean her up and about an hour or so later I fell asleep on the floor next to her and our friend and her boyfriend. Sort of in a big heap on the floor. If you picture it as four sticks in a row. I was the second one in with my girlfriend to my left and our mutual friend to the right with her boyfriend to the right of her.

When I woke up in the morning it was still dark in the room. I was hungover and noticed a female body infront of me. In a sort of still kind of drunk haze I reached out to it and grabbed its hip, quite gently but enough to wake her up. She wriggles a bit and turns to face me. Even as she was turning I had realised my mistake. The girl I had grabbed was not my girlfriend. We make eye contact and she slowly whispers "what the fuck was that?". I'm lost for words fumbling in the dark. She loses it starts hitting me and wakes up her boyfriend. He's generally a chill dude but she's making out that I practically raped her. All I have are fumbled excuses. My girlfriend wakes up to our friends screams. Her parents come in. I basically just zone out to everyone shouting at me.

This happened about a week ago now. My girlfriend broke up with me and is refusing to accept any communication. I have basically just retreated to my room now. It spread around school that I'm some kind of sadistic rapist and the only person who believes my side of the story is my friends boyfriend who has since broken up with her upon realising the truth.

So now I've basically lost even that one glimpse of happiness in my life. My parents are struggling with their own relationship and I find myself spending more and more time caring for my brother. Every hour I spend with him I hate him, more and more. I know it's not his fault I just hate him for being like he is. And than I hate myself for hating him and I end up getting angry and breaking things.

I just needed someone else to read this, to know the truth, just so Its not stuck inside my head. That stupid regret fuelled depression just urging me to kill myself. Every time I see a car in the street I consider stepping in front of it.

Recently I've been thinking too long. Death seems like some cozy escape plan. A secret exit from the shithole my life has become.