Life feels like too much nowadays.Almost 19/ M. Just recently started college. Thought that it would finally be a chance to clear my past away, but it's not. When I was about 12 years old, my mother started her paranoic episodes and after being on and off with a mental hospital, I was taken away and put into foster care for a year. My mother ended up being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and has been wandering the country in search of something I have no clue what. After a year in Foster care, others around me decided it'd be best that I moved in with relatives in a separate state but I found it to be the worst 4 years of my life. While my Uncle and two cousins made it bearable at times, my Aunt I felt tried everything she could to make it a living hell. To the point she would lock me out of the house after my uncle had fell asleep so I'd have to wait until he woke up to get in, and I'd sleep in our van in the cold until about 6:30 am when he woke up for work. I wasn't even allowed to attend my cousins 10th birthday party. She told me to get lost and that I wasn't invited. I finally thought I could put all that behind me when I moved back to my home state after graduation, but due to me being adopted by said relatives, I didn't know I would be charged out of state tuition, and no financial aid could have ever prepped me for the amount of debt I'd be in. One semester in, and I have 12 thousand dollars to make up that I have no way of making. I have no relatives who will cosign with me on a loan, I can't do a payment plan with no way of paying, and even with a job, there's no way I could match what they would ask a month, and all the school does is threaten me with purging my classes if I don't pay up soon. I don't know what to do, and at this point, I'm struggling to care. I can't muster up the will to go to classes anymore, and my life feels like it's just crumbling all around me. Nobody would miss me except a few friends I made in high school, and even then, they'd forget about me in a few weeks. My dad tries to be a father, but due to his BPD and anger issues, he can't hold a real job and it's impossible to talk to him. I love him, but I can't seem to find a valid reason to live anymore. Some nights, I find myself just begging for something to take me out of this life. I'd love to just move back to the state with my friends and pick up college there where I'd be able to get in state tuition and maybe turn my life around, but I can't do anything without eliminating this crippling debt, and the school won't help me at all. I hate that I couldn't help my mother all those years ago, I hate that I can't do simple things like my homework or anything other than just sitting at my computer all day, I hate my financial situation, I hate that my brother, the only person I've ever looked up to, talks to me like he hates me whenever I call him, I hate practically every single goddamn thing in this life. I've thought how to kill myself plenty of times, but I don't know if I could go through with it. So I'll sit here and wait for the lucky day I can be taken out of this world by some other means.