Feel like im reaching breaking pointFeel like I'm about to boil over latley 

Been having more and more days where I can get out of bed 

Been thinking more and more about killing myself 

The things that used to comfort me (ganja, music, asmr) don't seem to make me feel better anymore. 

I feel like, despite having a pretty good life on paper, I've lost all quality of life. All I feel is sad and all I think about is what I can do to not feel sad anymore. Makes me feel bad that I'm not taking advantage of the opportunities I'm given and makes me feel inadiquitw that all my peers seem to be moving past me despite not being as well off as I am. 

I feel like depression is slowly taking away things I love. Ive lost all my friends because I'm always to anxious or depressed to see anyone, I feel like my parents are slowly beginning to hate me and judge me, I've failed year ten, managed to slip into year 11 and failed that (mainly because I felt like I couldn't get out of bed and show up), I gained 50kg, got better and lost 20kg, then gained it all back, which made me feel even worse, because weight loss felt like the one accomplishment I had and I'm broke because I can't find a job and I spend all my money on weed because it feels like the one thing that takes it away for a bit. 

I just do the know what to do. I don't like talking to people (parents, friends, lifeline, councilor, phyc), it makes me feel even more self hatred when I tell what I'm feeling and it makes me feel extremely anxious. I don't want to go on medication, I'm too scared of what it will do to me.

I've been thinking about stepping into traffic, or into a train. They feel like they'd be easiest. Or maybe overdose. Maybe I wouldn't know what's happening because I'd be so high and it'd be easy. 

I don't want to die. I have such great hopes for my life but even saying that makes me feel worse and hate myself even more because I feel like I can never achieve anything. 

I don't know. 

Peace and love 

-Jack 