I don't know where else to go.There's no one left. I'm a 27 year old with anxiety/depression/agoraphobia. I've had unmanaged diabetes for the last 7 years. My husband, the last friend I have on this earth, cheated on me last fall to satisfy a fetish that I could not fulfill for him. He says he's sorry, he loves me and doesn't want me to leave. But I can't find it in myself to trust him again. I don't have a college education, or a job. My driver's license has been expired for a year because I'm too afraid to go to the DMV. I don't have a penny to my name. I don't have a car, my credit is nonexistant, everything is in my husband's name. I may as well not exist. I don't have any family or a single friend. Just my husband, who has betrayed me. I take such good care of him. I keep our home peaceful and neat and cook beautiful meals for us. But I cry every day. I am full of darkness and rage. I hate this world. I hate everyone I have ever known for leaving me. I have given so much love and they just take and take and take. Then when I need someone, there's no one there. They all disappear. There's no strength left inside me. I feel worthless and unlovable. I have been in and out of therapy since I was a teenager. They tried countless drugs on me. I love my husband desperately, but I honestly don't know if I am staying with him because I believe in our love or because I don't have anywhere else to go. I'm trapped and scared and so completely alone. I don't even know how to begin to take back my life, or if it's even worth it. The only pleasure I find in life are brief moments with my husband when I can forget what he's done to me, and in food. But I can't even enjoy beautiful, rich foods because I know I'm sick and can't risk it. Sometimes I want to just eat myself to death. I don't even know how out of control my diabetes is, I try to eat a healthy diet but I know that's not enough to be well on it's own. I'm terrified to go to the doctor. I haven't been since I had a miscarriage shortly after I was married 6 years ago. I just live in denial of my health, and suffer huge secret guilt if I eat anything other than a steamed vegetable. There's no joy. There's no relief from this pain that's been snowballing inside me since I was a child. And there's no one left to reach out to for help. I tried calling a suicide hotline, but I hung up before a person got on the line because I'm afraid to speak to them. I'm so scared. I just want to the pain to stop. I don't want to die, I just want the pain to stop. But it never will, I know that. I'm just not strong enough to keep going through this hell. It's so pathetic that this is my last hope. Sending out this message into the void of the internet, I don't know what I expect from this. It HAS to stop. I can't go on. I don't know what to do. Death feels like the only option for relief. But I know I wouldn't actually experience any relief, I just wouldn't be. I wouldn't be in pain any more. It calls me. Help me, god, help me, please. Please, I need peace. I need to feel loved. I can't do this any more.