I want to dieI’m 24 turning 25 this year. I graduated university at 23 couldn’t get a graduate job. Been applying for a year and a bit and still no luck, even though I have no real desire of getting a job or doing anything. Most people my age already have their life set out and planned, with goals and ambitions. Unfortunately for me I don’t have any, nothing that drives me. People say do what you enjoy doing, and the things I enjoy doing are literally: sleeping, getting high, and playing games. 

I do make money on the side by working in property, doing surveys and floor plans, but recently that’s been drying up and I’ve been ignoring calls for business. I’ve even lost the drive to make money for myself. 

I had a car crash on the motorway a few months ago pretty bad one, hit the barriers at 90-95 mph an hour and some how survived. I sit here now wishing I died in that crash. I took a baseball bat to head when I was 17 also survived that, didn’t even get knocked out. Hell I even survived getting Typhoid as a kid. I used to think that surviving this shit was meant to mean something, but that all bullshit and was down to luck.

Anyways long story short, I’ve been wanting to kill my self since like 16. I have no dreams of having a family, job or whatever these successful people have. I rather have not existed in the first place. I’ve never done anything of merit or good that stands out. And I don’t plan on doing anything like that in the future. I don’t want to carry on being alive and subjecting my self to a job that I hate, so I can buy food to survive to carry on a life that I despise. Cause the older I get the worse my body is gna get, the more lonely I’m gonna get and the more depressed I’m going to become. 

So a person like me who doesn’t contribute to society or family, why are there people trying to convince you out of killing your self. It doesn’t make sense, when the outcome of the suicide will be beneficial for all parties. 

Anywho, if there are painless ways to kill yourself, let me know as I’m to Pussy to electrocute or cut myself to death.