I’m in tears that this sub is more active than ever.But at the same time it feels somehow good to know I’m not hurting alone. Suicidal ideations have been with me since I was 13. I’m 25 now and hitting a wall where things are getting worse. 
It feels like the world is going to shit. I feel so alone. I feel as if human beings are so unauthentic for the most part. And we are all trapped here on this little ball floating through space with no control of anything at all. 

I’m only here to vent and hurt with you. This is nothing but stream of thought but I want whoever’s reading this to know that we are not alone. We have each other and we have this experience no matter how painful, it’s better than nothing. At least we lived, at least we have cried, fought, and screamed out at the universe. 

I’m thankful to have the internet in these times of despair. I’m thankful to have Reddit and this sub. I hope all of you somehow find the strength that so many of us here it feels like lack. Sometimes I wonder if this is all one big cosmic joke and that we are literally out here by total random chance and forced into this experience that’s known as “consciousness” or being. 

I know I want to be happy. I know I want you to be happy. I don’t know how or if we’ll ever get there, fuck I’m crying now. But I want to reach out and hug whoever’s reading this. 

I want to make a difference in the world even if it’s small. And I want you and I to be somebody, to do something that makes us smile. To defeat these thoughts and cycles that go around, and around and around it feels like. 

I want to know there’s a meaning. That there’s purpose behind all this pain and suffering. But that’s not how life works. We have to create meaning. We have to discover our own purpose. 

I don’t know where I’m going with any of this but I just don’t want to die. And can’t seem to find any other better plan. For so long this has been my only plan, and when the going gets tough. It comes back to light, that’s not to say it ever gets easy. 
At times I feel like life is just this never ending cycle of pain and loneliness with the occasional moment of bright light and happiness. 

And that’s fucked up. 

All of us deserve love and happiness and whoever or whatever the god above us is. If there is one. Is wrong for this. Is wrong for putting souls through this torment. 
My subconscious is my own worst enemy. We have been at war as long as I can fucking remember. 

“Told you I’m a soldier, well there’s not a war that I can see”- Mac Miller. 

I’m tired of the war. I’m tired of it all. I’ve been feeling it in my bones. It maybe time to rest. 

Stay safe in these trying times, I love you.