I identify as otherkin, and life is "suicide fuel".I have diagnosed autism and ASPD, and I feel like a child.

Most of my peers are at least pretending to act age-appropriate, while I always talk about my mental health and feel like a child. I always forget things, and I am certain university will be difficult and I will be just a laughplace for everyone. But honestly I don't care because I was a laughplace all my life so no need to freak out if it will happen again.

I am gifted, and I often go into David Attenborough mode and I am like:

*These Homo sapiens specimen had acquired oxytocin levels from mutual contact.*

Except I don't receive any "mutual contact" because everyone is busy. 

Childhood - no friends 

Teenage years - abuse

Now - everyone is busy. And problem is, even some empaths I talk to actually agree with what I say. These people were my window to the world, the proof that there are socially constructive people. But now they just recycle my "blackpill". Psychologists and therapists also recycle the blackpill by suggesting me to be normal, that is stop being myself.

Also the people at intellectual events are so annoying with their "I am uncomfortable" thing. Like okay, you are uncomfortable because you are a "nerdy introvert", while I am uncomfortable because I have long-term domestic violence and childhood neglect issues. Someone of your interest actually approaches you and is a great candidate for a friend, and you just throw the person away like this. 

I won't be able to catch up on missed teenage years due to a consideration called "creepiness". This just won't be possible in the future. When I was a kid, teens seemed like awesome source of communication. Now I found out that everyone is just into their busy life while I am still developmentally stuck. 

Sometimes I imagine antisocial scenarios with my supposed "friends". How they are in need of serious help, and I am like, well you didn't help me in time when I was beaten by my family and had to call the police for domestic violence, so now I am not going to help you. 

The only things I grew up with are incels, violence, and beatings. Every time I find a decent human, they always complain about how I am clingy. Well screw off then. Identifying as otherkin is so much easier than being a part of this shitty "Homo sapiens" species. I see myself as angelkin now, *Homo angelis* if it were to be categorized. And it is *not* a reference to the "suicidal people are just angels who want to go home". It is because I was treated like a piece of shit when I am at the heart a good person. People say "antisocial personality disorder", well this is an improvement not a disorder because society is a pile of shit.