Epiphany...Tonight something pretty amazing happened. I had spent the day robotically going through the motions, went to my classes, I did my custodial work, interacted with people; getting everything done while grumbling about the cold and constant rain. But tonight, as I took the trash out from my school lounge to dump it, I stopped dead in my tracks. It was snowing. I had seen snow before-and if you had asked me just minutes before I would have told you I would be happy to never see it again. It is late March in Oregon and I was so ready for Spring weather, but instead we keep getting snow, and I hated it every time. 
But tonight-it caught me by surprise. I looked in awe as the millions of white flakes fell from the sky. I looked up straight into it and became even more astounded as I felt like I was traveling at light speed through space. It was so incredible my eyes actually started to water and goose-bumps covered my skin. My mind tried to comprehend why I had never experienced snow like this before. Then it dawned on me-I had just gotten glasses for my near-sightedness. I was, for the first time, REALLY seeing the snow. I stood there a while longer, and then shook myself out of it and kept working. But as I worked I thought. All my life, I had just expected that I knew what it looked like when it snowed. I thought there was nothing more I could discover about it, no more wonder I could draw from it. It just was what it was. I had not even the slightest idea that I was missing out on something more, that there was more to be seen, that it was so much more beautiful than I could have imagined-because there was no reason to try and imagine it as being more beautiful, I already knew what it looked like-or so I thought. I was wrong. All it took was for me to fix one little thing and suddenly my perspective changed. Things that had always been there, just as they were, were suddenly so much MORE, the snow, the stars, the sunset, the ocean, everything! As I thought, I realized that for so long I have had  this horribly pessimistic view of life, of humanity, of myself. I was convinced that nothing here was worth living for, because it was all crap. But now I am wondering-perhaps it is my perspective that is crap. Perhaps I am taking things for granted, because I am seeing what I expect to see, and through damaged lenses. I am not only seeing things through distorted lenses, but I do not even have hope-because I do not expect, and cannot imagine, that things could be better. Tonight’s experience gave me a little bit of that hope. Maybe if I can fix myself, maybe the world-or at least life- will look just a little more amazing. 
