I just don't know anymoreMade this Throwaway account because of obvious reasons.

I am Biploar II so i struggle with going from manic to depressed, and while normally i manage to feel my depressions coming on and can prevent them, sometimes i just can't.

I've made past attempts to kill myself, and it's not uncommon for me to have the thoughts but never act on them. For me, suicide has always been in the back of my mind as a final solution if all else fails.

A little over a year ago, i made a new friend i met online through a game we both played. He lived in the netherlands, and i live in america. He was schizophrenic and had multiple personality disorder. Bipolarism and Schizophrenia are very similar, so we were always able to relate with one another and help each other in dark times. it was also convenient our cycles seemed to be inverse of one another; i was up when he was down, and vice versa.

Being in different time zones, we would occasionally get to talk to one another in real time, but more often than not we would simply write long-winded letters for the other to read and respond to when they woke up. This way, we could say what we needed to say without having to hear "what we should do," and gave us time to cool off before we would get a response from the other party, which was typically, "so what did you do? I've been there before, this is what i did and how it worked out...." type  of responses. 

Things were going very well between us, he saved my life on many occasions, and he says i helped him on a few occasions as well.  I found that my cycles were much less intense knowing that i would have a friend to vent to who could relate. 

Things were going so well, we made an agreement with one another. Originally, the pact was "i promise i will never kill myself," but he refused to accept that, and refused to take suicide off the table as an option, so it became, "We will talk to one another first any time we feel like doing it, and we won't act on it until the other person responds." It worked for a while, but in hindsight maybe not the best approach.

Then a little over a month ago, the worst happened. I had not spoken with my friend in about 3 days, which was not uncommon. We would often go 1 or 2 weeks without talking, but when we did, we'd pick up where we left off. I had last spoken to him on a thursday. I woke up Sunday, January 4th 2015 to the worst case scenario.

In my inbox sat his suicide letter. He explained that things were just too much, and that he was tired of trying, and that he was going to go through with it this time, and was not waiting to hear back, he just wanted to let me know. I found out later that he did not leave any other kind of letter. i honestly believe he only messaged me to keep to his promise in some way, though he only half kept it....

I went 3 days not sure if he was alive or dead because after sending his suicide note he sent another reply saying, "odds are i may not do it, i will sit and think about it, change my mind, and be back before you read this." so when i got it, my response was, "I'm glad you didn't do it bro, how are you?"  no response. "hey you there?" no response. this went on for 3 days, i would send him message after message begging him to respond. I did not know his family, and had no way to find him to know if he killed himself or not.

A few days went by where i was freaking out, not sure if i had lost my best friend or not, when his family finally confirmed that he had indeed killed himself. It destroyed me. I wanted to die.

But i decided there is no reason for two people to die from this. One is already too many. I decided that instead of being sad and depressed and killing myself as well, i would do the opposite. I would live my life to honor my friend who had lost his battle with depression. I would honor his life by living mine. I chose to promise his memory that suicide would never be an option again.

This sounds like a great place for the story to end. perhaps some more details about how i went on to become a huge success, and changed my life to help others... But this is /r/suicidewatch not /r/inspiringstories. 

What i did not account for in making that promise is the fact that i am still bipolar, still have a fucked up life, and still don't know how to deal with my emotions on my own.

I found myself in a state of depression over losing my best friend while still facing normal life issues which would typically push me in the direction of suicide or self harm with the lingering reminder that I can't even contemplate suicide as an option.

So now i find myself wanting to die, wishing i could kill myself, and knowing that i can't, it's not an option, which pisses me off even more.

I feel like i'm not explaining myself well; i don't know if i can really put into words exactly how i am feeling... it's not so much a feeling, so much as... a state of existence? I feel like this is what purgatory feels like. I feel trapped. Like i know i am miserable, i know i don't want to live, but i can't even allow myself to consider the option of giving up. 

Does anyone else know this feeling? almost a state of nothingness. Feeling trapped, and feeling like the way you feel is wrong. Which of course just makes you feel worse. 

I just don't even know what to do any more. I miss my best friend, i feel so lonely and isolated, and i feel like all i can do is just suppress and ignore those feelings. Like i'm not even allowed to process them or consider them. I'm just so sick of being in this place, and don't knwo what else i can do.