Suffer with illness not sure whether to carry on anymoreMore a vent thread than looking for advice really, think my minds made up but my background is:

I am 23 and female. I live in the UK and suffer with chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain, depression and anxiety. I have attempted suicide in the past once. 

I have suffered the symptoms of CFS for 8 years but only got a diagnosis through private means a few years ago. I had to quit college due to severity of my illness and ever since I have been living at home not knowing what was wrong with me till the diagnosis and not that much medical wise has happened since.

2 years ago I met a wonderful man who helped me get out (his car helped a lot) and made my life feel fantastic. Sadly though it didn't last long and with a fallout with his family I came back home after basically living with him. We have been on/off as a couple (due to my issues and he having his own) but deep down he's a good man who even recently offered to pay for any medical bills if I needed private treatment.

The reason I was practically living with this guy and his family was because I have been raised by a narcissistic mother and along with fallout from friends not believing I was sick, to being raped by an ex-boyfriend and now more issues this year I was desperate to get away from where I live. When I went to where this guy lived I felt mentally happier not frightened I would see certain people. Still to this day I avoid going into my town centre or even out on my own street for seeing certain people I do not want to see. I have also gained a lot of weight since becoming sick and I look drawn/pale so I am ashamed of how I look.

I have suffered 8 years with CFS and now I have had to let go of that wonderful guy as I am not getting any better, in fact I have got worse. He wants children and if I am to continue being this way I will be unable to do so plus we would both like to own a house and if I am unable to work or only work a few hours we would never be able to afford it. I let him go because he can do better and even his own dad has said in the past he shouldn't be tied down to someone like me.

I suffer everyday with fatigue, pain, brain fog, hopelessness, feeling a burden to my family and I am housebound which I despise and frustrates me no end. About a week ago I decided to dust my room as it badly needed it (I struggle to clean) so I dusted my small desk, furniture and tidied a draw out. Afterwards I was out of breath and sweating, the next day was far worse. I had slept over 14 hours and felt very ill waking up, I had a severe headache, sore throat, pain all over and wanted to cry at how I felt as in a way it's just indescribable. I have felt extremely depressed ever since at how some light dusting reduced me to such a bad state.

Elsewhere in my life however I am getting a benefit because I am too sick to work however I am expected to do work related activities but as you read just before I can't even do some dusting right now, but they expect me to travel over 30 minutes away as the office I attended near me closed. I have not been able to attend and had some nasty people on the phone when I try explain how sick I have been. What made matters worse was my GP at the time belittled me when I asked him for help to write a letter explaining why I couldn't attend one of these activities. He said I would be fine, to work through the pain, dismissed my fatigue, told me how if I got there today to see him (which was by car and a 2 min drive from my house and my mum drove me) then I could attend this week long activity which involved hours of walking around/standing up and travelling. He also said sometimes in life we have to do things in life we don't want to do.....I felt so humiliated. I just said thank you for your time and walked out, bursting into tears in the waiting room despite not wanting to cry and just broke down by the time I got back to the car. I don't like begging for help, despite everything I'm still quite a proud person and I'm still over a month on still reeling from it.

I switched doctors and only seen my new GP once but she seems really nice. I am worried though she will look at my medical records and think I am making it up, which is the attitude the other doctor gave me. She wrote me out a letter for another activity I couldn't attend and is trying to sort me out to attend a chronic fatigue clinic (though treatment may not work as it is widely said CFS is incurable). However my letter got rejected by the department who deal with my claim and I am reduced to £29 a week. I have also been to the clinic she is referring me too before and got treated badly there like how my former GP treated me so I am scared to go back. It's also over a 20 mile journey so right now I am unable to travel I think even if someone could drive me.

I have been fighting to get this benefit ever since I left college back in 2011 and I am so sick and tired of constantly trying to get the help I need to prove to them how sick I am. I cannot deal with the stress despite knowing I am entitled to it, and actually I am entitled to far more but because it is so stressful for me and I am housebound I feel stuck in proving my illness/symptoms to them. I could go see a specialist I saw last Feb to have a letter of support but she is far away and it costs a lot of money to go see her as she is private, and with being housebound it's too far and I think for the amount she asks, just can't afford it.

I did want to go to this clinic about 40 miles away from where that "wonderful guy" lives but the reality is I have no way to get there. It sounds really good though.

The reality is without this wonderful guy I have nothing, even with him I realised recently I may never be able to give him children and he really wants children. I know it grates on him how sick I am and there's nothing much he can do to help my symptoms but he can also get annoyed with me sometimes for being so tired. Without him I am faced living with my parents, I have no irl friends and even when I am not housebound I have nowhere to go visit. I rely solely on internet friends right now for my social life.

I have tried talking to one of my internet friends about how I feel and ending my life but he said do what you want and went offline, I tried talking to my ex but he thinks I am being selfish. Maybe I am? for a long time I have kept going because I couldn't do such a thing to my parents or him but the reality is I am suffering everyday with no quality of life, unable locally to get the help I need or the financial means. I am solely alive to keep them happy. But everyday it takes me a long time to wake up, I sit at my computer most of the day playing video games as it is the only thing that usually stops me from falling back asleep but even sometimes now playing video games is causing me to be sick/be in pain. I don't move much for fear of worsening my symptoms despite knowing inactivity is bad for me (but if I try I get bed bound sometimes). 

I feel trapped and useless. I don't like asking for help but at same time when I do I am sometimes let down when I feel I rarely ask for anything. I have/face a life of isolation and when my parents pass I will have nothing but their house and even then I will probably have to sell it and move to a cheaper place. I am seriously considering Dignitas as I don't see what hope is for me anymore and I really want the never ending pain and exhaustion to stop.