my reasons for wondering why i should live more... 35 MHere's a list of some stuff im dealing with.

1. Weird sexuality / confusion... I'm pretty sure I'm bisexual since I always get hard for hot girls.. (I have banged tons of hookers, like probably 100 different girls... always get hard) but I also like being fucked by guys and crossdressing as a girl... Im very embarrased by this... I know its ok but its extremely embarrasing for me and I dont think I can ever deal with it.. it seems impossible...

Can be fixed? Not sure.

1. i was bullied in kindergarden and in high school.. probably created lots of mental issues..

Can be fixed? Not sure.

1. zero self-esteem

Can be fixed? Not sure.

1. zero confidence

Can be fixed? Not sure.

1. self hate

Can be fixed? Not sure.

1. addicted to everything, porn, drugs, negativity, etc.

Can be fixed? Not sure. I think this will go away automatically if i fix everything else..

1. i masturbate in a weird way,,, like i push it .. i started doing this in kindergarden i think... i never stopped.. my dick is bent forward and like completely crooked .. already when i was 14 i think.. im super embarrased by this but i still cant stop... which makes me hate myself even more.

Can be fixed? Ehm... no dont think so.

1. I was assaulted / tortured / not sure by a gangster that i owed money for drugs. He forced things in my ass i remember passing out from pain and stuff.. but im not sure if this happened... not sure if im in denial or had a psychosis.. because I was extremely high when this happened on speed and cannabis... and i think he drugged me too... so not sure if that fucked my memory or the drugs or just denial or whatever,,, It took me like 8 years before i could tell anyone...and I dont talk about it anymore.

Can be fixed? From my understanding it's extremely rare ... best case is I dont kill someone from the anger... but to become healthy enough to have a good life seems impossible.

1. Insane anger.

Can be fixed? I dont think so.

1. Completely out of shape. Last time I got kind of fit was like 7-8 years ago it got scary because i got in some fights and i elbowed a guy in the face and almost killed another guy... also bitchslapped some ppl that were rude... basically my anger issues + being fit is not good for me... because at least now that im out of shape and get angry im too scared to start a fight...

Can be fixed: sure, but anger + fitness not a good idea unless the goal is damage to fucking retards that dare to fuck with me (including myself)

1. i have a gf that is dependant on me and that im not attracted too... we have house and car together ... i cant leave her... i promised to stay with her forever. sex is horrible at best.. i definitely preserve masturbating.. and the whole thing kills me inside....

Can be fixed: nope. My best hope is that she leaves me... but that doesnt seem to happen anytime soon.

1. I have tons of debt in my home country.....

Can be fixed: yes. Will take like 5-10 years i guess.

1. my teeth are completely fucked up... i went several years without brushing more than like once per week or something... i was so depressed and just smoked weed all the time and had given up on life .. my teeth are yellow and crooked and fucked... and they were already fucked before this... (i had special dentists and stuff) ... I had braces when i was 14 but when they took them out i had to wear this thing to keep them straight but i didnt so now they are all fucked up..

Can be fixed: yes im sure. But why should I spend money on this unless I fix the other stuff first... its not like i will feel good just because i have good teeth again... i will just feel even more broke.

&amp;#x200B;

1. also born with a cleff pallet and i headplanted after surgery when i was small and it left it even worse.. billion scars... my photos on photofeeler (even one taken by a good photographer that i think looks really good nobody thinks im attractive.. ) NOBODY. 