Well, I have nothing left to live for**This is copypasted from /r/BPD btw**

&gt;I've finally done it, I've finally broken the last chain that held me back from my true self. You see, a part of me, one last vestigial part of me held on, stayed warm and bright, and actually cared. Well, finally, at this moment, I've finally stamped that light out. I've destroyed the last bit of warmth in my heart and it feels so good.
My greatest weakness has been my ability to love and care for others. Love is the worst emotion I've ever felt, I've despised it and sought to destroy it ever since I was a child. But now, I think I've finally done it. I've reached a point where no one matters to me. Okay, perhaps I do still love my parents, but, outside of them, I've destroyed that ability. My friends? Their just entertaining and amusing, the keep me preoccupied but they're all easily replaceable, they mean nothing to me. The girl I, "liked"? She's just a replacement for someone else and an option for my school dance, nothing more, and, as a replacement she is equally replaceable and also doesn't matter to me. And, finally, the girl she replaced, the one place in my heart I still felt any sort of warmth? Well, I've finally severed any amount of care I had for her, she's nothing to me now as well. Clever, isn't it? I managed to use my own issue, devaluing to my advantage, I have devalued everyone to the point that I don't even hate them, they just don't matter. I really don't feel anything right now, my blood is like ice, I don't feel any emotions, not even joy. As it should be, I've finally freed myself of being borderline, I finally care about nothing and feel nothing.

So, here I am now, I am alone, I have nothing left to really live for, can't feel love anymore, don't want to feel it, ever. I have nothing to do but suffer from the self-destructive path I happily charged on. I don't know what I felt when I wrote that, but I realize what I feel now, despair. I've lost the only person that made me think that life wasn't a bad thing after all, they're gone forever and they're never coming back. As much as I want to not care about them, as much as I want them to mean nothing to me like everyone else, I'm just too weak. They were my only true friend left in this worthless fucked up world, the only person I could tell my problems too and made me want to actually be a good person. But now that they're gone I see myself for what I really am, a monster. I have to be a monster, because monsters are never hurt, they don't care, it's not that they don't need anyone, they just don't care whether or not they do. People are just tools. I need to be that, I need to escape. My only hope is that, while I have nothing to live for, as long as o don't care, I have nothing to die for either.