Killing myself after I post thisHey everyone. I made a throwaway so if I do survive I don’t have to live with the shame of seeing this in my post history. I had no one to say goodbye to so I’m saying goodbye to a bunch of strangers. Like a weirdo.
I’m 16, and I know people might think I still have time to turn my life around, I’ve heard it all by now. Therapy, pills, friends, psych wards, whatever the fuck you name, I’ve tried it. It’s all bullshit. Life is bullshit. I have been abused at home since I was 3 years old by an alcoholic mother, who is now using my little brother as a second chance at “raising someone who isn’t a worthless eyesore”. I can’t bear to look at her putting all her hope of raising someone who’s not gonna waste away in a filthy room for weeks while not speaking and staring at a wall into such a young child. People think it’s jealousy, it’s not. I know she’s going to crush all his hopes and dreams when he grows up, and I can’t bear to wait to see it happen like it did to me.
I used to have dreams once. I wanted to be an artist. Cliche as fuck, but it was my dream and I was set on it. Everyone hadn’t my back except for the one person who I needed the most. She pushed me aside for cocaine and vodka. She burned all my art when I was 8 and beat me until I said I wanted to be a lawyer or doctor, forgot which one. I had 5 broken ribs and she had dislocated most of my right half in the process of throwing me around like a rag doll ( I still have issues with joints dislocating to this day). My nose broke and she almost blinded me with glass from a bottle, so yeah, that dream was crushed. At age 9, I was made to cook and clean for myself. She didn’t lift a finger to help me while I scalded my whole lower half with a pot of boiling water, instead laughing at me and blaming me in the ER after the neighbors called the police due to my screaming and crying. I still have scars from that which I get bullied for. I never had a single friend in school, I was the quiet, poor kid who always smelled weird and cried all day. 
At age 12, I fell in with the wrong crowd and I’m still addicted to cigarettes, which is tame compared to other shit I did back then. I was raped by 6 people in the space of an hour, and since then I have not had a period (no I’m not pregnant). I gave up on school and I just sit there blankly all day or just don’t show up, for which my mother beats me, and even my therapist gave up on me and cancels every appointment we have last minute.
Now I’m sitting on my bed after taking around 6 bottles of sleeping pills (I stocked up, yay), waiting for them to kick in and typing this. No one is going to miss me. Not a single person. I didn’t leave a note. There’s no point since my mother will throw it away when she finds me. Hopefully hell doesn’t exist since I’m definitely gonna end up there if it does. 
I had a good run. Thanks for reading everyone.