Dunno what to say, but I'm thinking about killing myselfI'm a 16 year old guy in highschool, and yea I know "Oh, your just a kid and you're over reacting". Yea, yea, yea. Say what you want, I don't really care. This is the first night in about half a year or so where I actually am thinking about it. Like, ready to go grab the razor and just do it. I don't really care anymore. Best part is, no one would expect me to ever do this. I'm probably the best in shape person I know, apparently I'm attractive (I don't see it), I'm really smart school and street wise, I'm always doing my best to be nice to people and to help others, I do my best to keep away from bad things, and everyone knows me as emotionless Preston. No one would ever believe me if they learned that I was even slightly sad. My grandma recently saw some cuts on my chest and got mad I think, so I just hide those by doing them on my thighs. My girlfriend doesn't really comfort me ever or do anything to help with this. I don't really have any friends. The only - and I literally mean this - only thing I have to live for is my martial arts stunt team because they're depending on me until July and working out. I have nothing else in my life other than that. I live waaaaaaaaaaaaaay out in the woods, with my grandma and her boyfriend and I don't even feel comfortable around either of them. I moved around a lot (I've moved 28 times and I'm attending my 16th school and my fourth highschool) so I never had friends. 

The suicidal thoughts started almost exactly a year ago. I had gotten my first girlfriend, she was really abusive (raped me and emotionally abusive and all that jazz) and made me think I'm the worst person on the planet and that I should cut, that I should kill myself, and that I belong in a mental hospital. Ever since then these thoughts floated through my mind. The reason one person was able to convince me of those types of things was because I grew up in an abusive home (forced to do drugs, was beaten, was emotionally abused, homeless, etc) and I heard similar things as a kid. Also, the most important thing in life to me is making others happy (because if I didn't do that growing up something bad happened) and so making someone not happy makes me wanna cut. 

So why does any of this matter? Well today I made someone upset and stuff so now I really wanna do it. Just end it, I've lived an interesting life I guess. I've learned a lot growing up the way I did. The only thing holding me back is just the natural instinct of wanting to stay alive, but even then knowing that a razor that's just a few feet away could help out and end to all of this is rather tempting


*Tl;dr* I'm pretty stupid and wanna kill myself because I made someone upset