Ramblings - trying my best to stay...It's like this dull chronic ache I feel in my chest constantly. It's like being stranded out in the ocean watching the ships go by but you're still drowning. It's like the good days are just okay and the bad days are suicide. I will never know a perfect day. It's like the lights are on but not a soul has been living here for years. I am my own personal haunted house. It's like hanging myself on every fault I've ever made and dangling from the fear of everyone's reprisal. It's like suffocation, gasping for breath in every late night spent up with myself, and I don't like myself enough to want to be here anymore. 
It's like, "Get it together, it will get better, keep going" but each day is a march forward onto the ledge and I'm closer and closer to falling.  

The doors have closed, my friends are gone and I don't know why I'm here. I just want to turn the lights out and exit the stage. 

There is a finite ending to everything in this world. The shelf life of food, the withering of a flower, the darkening of a bulb. The more defective the product, the lineage, the shorter the term but all things in time for their predestined ending. 

"You are all of the colors in one, at full brightness" -one of the most lovely quotes

I want to unravel my brain and rewire it to something working again.  

I want to die, and at the same time I want to live. But I don't want to live while wanting to die and I can't die while wanting to live. So I sit, and wait for something, anything to break balance on the tightrope. Will it be a nasty work email? Will a cute girl come and save me, support me? Will I make it across or will I fall to the nothingness that has made its home inside me. Can those things even make a difference....

I think people can see me declining. My roommate asks me "How are you doing" and I turn on the charm that I'm used to masquerading behind. People like me, but they only like the person that I show them on the surface. I make great efforts to keep it this way. I know how to crack jokes, make others laugh, but I don't know how to make myself smile. Except when it is necessary to make others more comfortable around me. It's a robotic, mechanical  warmth an act I'm playing in the "Everything's Fine" drama that has become my life. 

To be taken seriously you must answer 5 on the severity scale of the question "in the past week have you thought about killing yourself" but then promptly follow that up with a "but I would never do that, I couldn't do that to my friends and family" to avoid being locked away. It's a funny little geme we play and the truth is that some days I already feel gone. Like the next logical move is just to vanish, fade away. I've been this way for 27 years and I am tired. Besides, what makes this time any different. You do the necessary steps and come up to the surface just to be dropped back in a few months. 

It is absolutely not fair to involve other people in your problems. 

I am cold, and I am just trying to find the warmth again. 

I open up, and I am dismissed.

The ones that pushed light into my darkness are gone now. 

I wanted to be something to somebody. Something more than a background character. I wanted to do good, to be loved. 

I am alone in this world, and if this is my expiration. I am ready.