I’m conflicted over stuff and just want to let it outThis is just me getting  all the stuff I’ve been thinking about off my chest. I’m not planning on doing anything soon.

I’m in a (relatively) happy place in my life right now, but I’ve always been worried about the future, and it seems to be getting worse the older I get. It just seems so pointless. Working your whole life just to die in the end. 

I should probably be dead already after the many medical complications I’ve had, and after them, I just feel like I have no place in this world. If I was meant to live and go through life then why would these things have happened to me. 

I could always tell that my future would go nowhere, but now I don’t even want it to. I just want it to be over, since my life will just be drawn out and full of sadness why not just end it now?

These are the kind of thoughts I’ve been having recently, but I don’t feel the urge to act upon them. I can just tell that I’ll never live a long life and I’ll end up offing my self at some point, but I just feel really conflicted over it.

After my father died, (who I was never really that close to as he was almost never around) I have had to be there for my mother, who is the only person I feel truly connected to and stuck with me through my times in hospital. She’s thing that keeps me from actually doing it. I don’t want to put her through that since my fathers death was almost too much for her, so I won’t let my self do it until she dies, I couldn’t, it would be too cruel.

I just think that if she died in a car accident tomorrow or something, there wouldn’t be anything that could stop  me from doing it, but there could be something else that I’m just not aware of yet holding me back.

I was never scared of death, I always knew it would happen eventually, but only recently have I found the thought of it not appealing exactly, but more comforting. Knowing that I could just end it all and not have to think about anything, have to deal with any more people, worry about anyone, or have any responsibilities again. 

I wasn’t abused or anything when I was younger, so I feel like I don’t deserve to be having these thoughts. Seeing all of the stuff on this sub makes me feel like my reasons are just stupid and I’m for having these thoughts over insignificant things in comparison.

That’s the end of my disjointed “rant” I guess. 

I’d like to stress that I am NOT planning on making an attempt anytime soon, don’t feel that you have to worry about that. I just feel like I had to post something.



