I want to kill myself as a way of saying sorry to those I hurt.I was sitting with my boyfriend tonight and that thought just struck me. Now it won’t get out of my head — I haven’t been really suicidal like this in months, especially since him and I got together. I feel so bad for it, so horrible for having these thoughts — because he’ll be all alone and I don’t want him to be sad. But some part of me just keeps telling me that he wouldn’t care, that’d he’d be better off, all the typical thoughts that come with being suicidal.


   I feel like I hurt him too much. He says I’m the ideal boyfriend, that I do so much for him, but in reality I do the bare minimum; I put the dishes up he says, I scratch his back and head when he needs it he says, I make him laugh until his ribs hurt he says, I take care of our frog he says. But that barely feels like anything. I’ve known him for a year and half now, we’ve been together for just a couple of months, and I’m obsessed with him. But I get sad so easy, and so does he sometimes, but I cry and I go sit in the bathroom for 30 minutes at a time when I’m upset as to avoid upsetting him. For some reason it still feels selfish. I feel like I’m the reason he has to take antidepressants, anti-anxiety meds, everything. I feel like I’m the sole reason everything in his life turns bad sometimes and I don’t know what to do about it. I’m his boyfriend. I shouldn’t be so sad all the time and just drag him down all the time. All I should do is make him happy, I wanna make this last and it honestly feels like it really could! I know it will. But if I end up killing myself it won’t. I don’t want to hurt him but either way it feels like I am.


I’ve hurt so many people it feels like. My therapist and literally everyone else I’ve ever even spoken with it briefly about says I needed to be the one to leave my past relationships because they were toxic, but everyone seemed so...sad when I left. Now everyone hates me. I’m the bad guy in at least two people’s stories. Then my ex shows up after a year and a half and asks for a hoodie I haven’t seen in a year. Where’s my dead brother’s hoodie that I let you borrow? Where’s my 60 bucks I gave to help you out all that time ago? Why would you randomly show up to my house with a dude I don’t know and ask for that? That still swirls in my head and it’s been months. I just don’t want to remember these people anymore, but I hurt them, so why am I so angry? I feel like I kinda deserve to remember everything I did, making people feel pain.


I can’t tell if I’m being unreasonable with myself anymore. My boyfriend just came back into the room and he’s laying in my arms, scrolling through his phone. He’s so good to me. He shows me funny things he sees on his phone and he kisses my forehead and says “Baby, baby, baby,” in a high-pitched voice every time he wants a hug from me. I love him more than I’ve ever loved anyone or anything in the world and I just want to make him smile, hear his laugh. I tickle him incessantly sometimes just to hear him giggle, my favorite sound. He laughs and smiles with me, he swears I’m the best, so why do I still feel the way I do? Like I’m such a horrible burden? 

I dunno, I’m not sure if I’m feeling the same way I was at the start of this post, but I’m going to post it anyway. I’m just hurting.