I feel like this is the end.Hi Reddit, I don't know how much longer I have on this world, but goddammit I need someone to talk to. I'll only tell you some basic facts about me, only because you don't need my life story. I'm drunk right now so I'm sorry if I make any typing or grammar mistakes:

First off, as I just mentioned, I'm drunk. This is an issue because I'm underage, in fact I'm not even an adult. It isn't that I'm going out to parties to get drunk, in fact it's the opposite. The people who are supposed to love me the most and protect me are my enablers, my parents, who have drank before and after my birth for as long as I have been able to remember. I'm the last child, the youngest, so I am a victim and a product of dealing with my parents who are at the age of where they don't give a fuck anymore. My dad is a reserved, quiet, nice man. He brings home the bread and that keeps him happy, aside from his booze. My mother is the polar opposite, jobless, a "stay-at-home" mom, suffering from a disease that makes her head feel like she's been spun around in a tornado and then let go. She's loud, gets angry easily, and makes my life more miserable than I'd like. She's also one of the most emotional and passionate people I've ever met and I love her. She's lost a son before and that's been one of the reasons I haven't offed myself yet.

Tonight, we had our weekend tradition. Get drunk, play games, listen to music, chill, and talk. During the play games session (I get very upset over games, I got my short temper from my mother) I got angry at my mother for how she was playing the game, she started to yell at me, I threw my cards at her, almost broke my bottle from slamming it, and retreated to my computer. No one has spoken to me since. 

Since they are asleep, I began going through the medicine cabinet and I began looking at medicine in there. Googling the overdose effects and seeing how long it would take to kill me. Nothing I found interested me, most of them would kill me in 70+ hours after tons of pain and suffering, which isn't what I want. Hanging myself seems too awful, every time I think of it I picture the screams of whoever finds me, and I don't want to do that to someone. There's no working guns in my house, so that's out of the option. 

I don't know anymore, I just actively looked for ways to kill myself. If I found something proper, I probably would've done it. What the fuck is wrong with me?