Thought dump.Probably a more suiting post for r/offmychest, but whatever. Results are likely to be the same.

I struggle to form healthy relationships, meaning that I have never had one. As a kid I mentally isolated myself. I know I have a family, but I perceive my childhood as being alone the entire time. As a result, they don't know me and I don't know them. This has been a major source of stress for everyone since I moved out and more or less disappeared. I've never (literally, never) had a friend who wasn't using me somehow. Towards the end of high school I even accepted this fact and shamelessly whored myself out for the convenience of others. Doing their homework, giving them relationship advice (that worked), lending them money, displaying my acerbic wit, whatever it was they needed. I've had two best friends I thought were different. Neither regarded me as an actual human being and actually admitted to it.

I even got into a romantic relationship where my only purpose is to validate everything for the other person. All she ever wants is for me to bend and change to her needs and constantly reminds me that she couldn't love anyone else. We don't have an actual relationship on a personal level. I can't leave her because in my extreme, desperate desire for genuine human affection, I accept what I can get.

Know what really holds me back though, more than anything else? Instability. I'm fairly sure I'm insane in some sense of the word. It keeps me from motivating, organizing, succeeding. It's happened so many times. I decide on something, set a goal, determine an aspiration. And then one day I'm going along minding my own business, without any sort of trigger, and my mind just implodes with despair and hatred and just...anything. I find myself laying around for hours fantasizing about suicide and, at times, murder. Bloodshed under any number of names. Of course, I possess enough self-control to restrain myself. So, rather than go out swinging a blade at anything that moves, I collapse inward and mentally tear myself to pieces until it passes. And it always does, eventually. But by then I've lost sight of everything. It is an endless cycle. I hate myself.

I know that I'm not experiencing the world clearly. I know I should probably get extensive therapy and heavy medication. I know that I am already killing myself just by continuing to fake normalcy. I keep going like this because I don't want to conquer myself, rise above my problems and my pain and my personal **hell** only to find that my fellow human beings are still the ugly, apathetic, selfish people they were all along. I've tried so hard to be open and it's nearly destroyed me. To deal with that with a calm, lucid mind would be too much. 

What I want more than anything right now is to take a nice sharp knife and carve into my entire body. Not to die of course. But instead, to cover myself in an exclamation of denial to the world. To symbolize my rejection of normality and embrace...insanity, I guess. That would be the reason to do it. The scabs probably wouldn't even have time to become scars before I was dead at that point. The thought is so enticing. Particularly the thought of all that blood on porcelain, mixing with the water from a shower and washing away, the pain that would come with every movement.

Of course, everyone knows I don't want that completely or I wouldn't be talking about it, I'd be standing in front of the mirror doing it. I have no idea what to do or who to talk to because I can't fucking decide what I want for longer than 5 minutes. It fills me with nervous, frantic energy. I'm overcharged and coming undone. I would do anything for release, as long as I could make myself accept it.