The society is a failure and nobody should be thankful for thatGreetings, to whom it might concern!

I am a 26-year-old male with a Master's degree on Biology.

My story begins with the cruel notion that my childhood as psychologist said were absent. I was beaten, yelled at quite often for no reason. Being constantly worried how should I behave was extremely stressful and the outcomes of my father doings were unpredictable. 

School was the same. I was constantly bullied and I asked help from my teachers. I mostly I got a subtle reply of I should stop whining or that they also have impossible dreams as wanting to be "the queen of England". 

Thus, I started to play computer games early on as an escape from reality. I played many online games and found friends. It was awesome because I always felt like I was useful - finding novel strategies and telling people what to do and how.

I graduated high school with good grades by not studying anything at the class room, I was just sleeping and before a test or an exam I just forced myself to study something within 10 to 20 minutes. I spend my time reading book and not talking to anyone, I havent even spoken to most of my classmates for 12 years.

Off to university, I was happy because I got to live alone with a scholorship. I only slept and studied everyday and not doing anything else. The only problem is that year by year, my memory, energy levels and motivation started to decline rapidly. As an example, going to store to buy food, I needed to rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Needing frequent naps during the daytime and sleeping 12 to 15 hours per day.

I went to a see a doctor asking about my problem, since I saw the other students had the energy to socialize, to study, to party, to work part time and were over all satisfied with their lives. My doctor told me that "university is not for everyone" and that her husband dropped out of university in the 5th year of studies. As depressing as it sounded, I went home and continued with my life.

I forced myself to exercise, eat more, take vitamins, fish oil and tried to socialize. I promised  that I would run everyday for 3-5 km, eat 2000 cal and go to sleep around 10pm. Forced myself to wake up and make myself some breakfast and go take a shower. I collapsed after 3 months of trying to this. I was really angry since the only thing that the internet says in trying to learn how to be happy is by exercising, healthy foods and socializing, apparently this is for people who have most of the things under control.

Fast forward, I finished my bachelor and started to work in Finland for 1,5 years to gather money for abroad studies. I went to work at 6 am in the morning and left 2 pm. Everyday after work I went to sleep (I was 22 at the time). After 1,5 years my boss told me that I work really good but he is really worried about my overall health - that I am too tired all the time and also I am not talking to anyone. After work, I always went to sleep and slept to the next day. On the weekends I just ate and binged youtube.

24, I went to see a doctor (another one) with the same issue, who concluded that I have depression. She did all the blood tests, checked my lungs and kidneys and for any vitamin deficiency. Everything was good. So, before me going to sweden, she gave me SSRI. It gave me psychosis within the first day. I was scared to take other antidepressants.

My studies in Sweden were even harsher, I was more tired than ever before and I was sent to a psychiatrist in Sweden. I was full of hopes that maybe a country that supposedly I more caring about their own citizens and should be smarted than most of other countries in the world, should know what they are doing. They gave me an SNRI that within 1 weeks gave me severe psychosis. For what ever the reason, they did not allow me to get in to the hospital for any treatment. I was hallucinating and delusion for 1 month and desperate for help, I flew back to Finland for a private psychiatrist, who gave me an antipsychotic. The medicine now just made me more sleepy and as disgusting as it might be, I peed in my bed since I couldnt hold it in due to the drugs relaxing effects.

I stopped taking all other medicines and went back to studing. I was hopeless and wanted to be normal like everyone else. I went to the classes, and there I was looked weirdly, since I didnt have energy to shave or take showers sometimes, I was also asked how does it feel to not have friends from my classmates or that how can a person like myself get into a masters program.

I finished, suprisingly if it wasnt for my supervisor, but as she noticed my memory was really bad, my focus was almost absent and the only thing that saved me was that I already knew a lot.

I now ask you guys, why shouldnt I do suicide? I have not had a normal day in my life ever since I was child, I do not know how to be happy, I desperately looking for options from the internet but NOTHING no advice for my condition except FIND A DOCTOR. The doctors so far who I have a lot in my life havent done anything.  I want to work with my doctors, I am willing to cooperate and be as friendly as possible to fix this, but no one wants to help...

Everyday ever since I was 8 has been painful - headaches, fatigue, chest pain, chronic fatigue and no enjoyment of nothing. I kept on going with the idea that "IT WILL GET BETTER" idea, obviously it won't. I can not go to work nor socialize since I do not even have energy to go the toilet. Nobody has not taken me seriously and I am deemed as a "loser" and "lazy".

Why should I continue ?

P.S - I do not answeres like "pls continues", "life is precious" etc. 

I want an answer that explicitly tell me that why should I and people like me continue and what should we do to get help or help ourselves (tips etc). 

If I dont get help, then suicide is the only option.