Give Me a Reason.What are some universal reasons that I shouldn't kill myself. I can't come up with anything. 

Background: got my driver's license like 3 days ago and I still feel like shit, like it doesn't matter at all. I should be proud of myself or positive I'm taking a step forward but I'm not. 
I have no friends and my ex hates me. I still love him and I know I won't ever love anyone else. I don't have any motivation to go to work other than when I kill myself there will be a lot of money my ex can use to fix his situation. 
I have no family, they've all abandoned me and hate me as well. Also my boss fired me today. I have a week left and then I'm done. 
I also don't have anywhere to live. Currently sleep under the structure at a park or under the stationary truck parked near my work. I shower at the local YMCA and hangout at Subway to collect extra food. I can't get a loan for a car because I have no job. I have no one to rely on. I want a car because then I have reliable transportation and a place to sleep. It's also cheaper than renting anything. 

To top it all off, was recently diagnosed with a personality disorder. I have suicidal thoughts every day. Most of the time actually. And have been told they will never go away. 

I legit can't look at a door without picturing myself slamming the door shut on my face over and over.  When I'm in a car I see myself rolling out the door while driving to see what it'll do. Or a heading collision that'll kill me cause I don't wear seatbelts. 
Sometimes when I have a cigarette I put it out on my arm because that's what I think of. And want to see what burns are like. 

Tried suicide hotlines but they've all hung up on me or just ended the conversation "because I'm aggressive" I don't feel like me yelling and swearing at my situation is aggressive towards them in any way. If I talk to anyone (friends) well more like people I know the name of. I'm not close to anyone. Talking to them about this stuff makes everyone uncomfortable. So it's just me and my stupid brain. 

Like I said in the title give me a reason, cause I got none.