I never stood a chance.
Three years since I last worked. 10 wasted years in all, I should never have gone to university in the first place. 

In the last three years since a mental break, I’ve done nothing but decline. I’ve had multiple courses of medications, I’ve had three full courses of ‘talking treatments’ (therapy) and it’s all amounted to fuck all. 

Oh I’ve learnt plenty over this time. I recovered my memory of childhood that I had long since lost, and found nothing but pain and sadness, turns out I’ve struggled with depression since a young age (4), I’m now 29. 
Emotional neglect by who I now see to be truly awful parents, resulted in weird sexual thoughts that went unchecked. Responsible for gender dysphoria for the last 15 years. 
Diagnosed very close to the autistic spectrum, just a year ago. 
In response to some of these newer bits of information, parents said I should just turn to god for all my troubles to go away. I’m an atheist, gave up their warped ideals a long time ago. They refused to speak to me after that, that was two years ago. ‘He’ll turn to god when he’s ready.’ 
No money left. One brother was kind enough to give me a place to live. 

Symptoms are as varied as my problems. Clear depression and anxiety. Some symptoms associated with the autism. The worst is the dissociation; it takes almost nothing for me to ‘zone out’, to become unable to make rational choices, to become an observer to my own actions, watching but not recognising my own limbs at worst. 

Everyone is stumped. Friends watch helplessly while family doesn’t care. Doctors just try what they can saying ‘never quite seen a case like yours before,’ before referring me. Last one said I’d ‘reached the end of his skill set.’

I don’t know why I’m still here. Maybe dissociation is preventing me from taking my own life leaving me in this hell. I have a psychiatric appointment in two weeks with someone new, but it’s the last hope. I won’t see the end of the year if things don’t start to improve soon, I’m just too tired to go on much longer. 

Thank you for reading. 

