28 years of sadnessI've been suicidal or full of suicidal ideation for more than 10 years. I had planned for several years to kill myself at 19 but found myself pregnant. I really hadn't been actively suicidal until 4 years ago, the thoughts never left though, after my current husband's father passed away.

Imagine seeing this person, with flaws but worthwhile qualities, that you had finally found some peace with and love just falling apart...I tried so hard to help with his pain. Alot if it was manual labor but I was either too slow or sloppy or just in the way or had the kids there and in the way. I hated myself so much. This person was struggling so much and all I could do was watch. Everything I tried made his struggling that much worse. I was in so much pain from his pain. I ended up leaving for awhile which helped him cycle out of his emotional hardships. I self harmed for awhile and had a stint in the crisis center but am still here and on medication. With the pandemic therapy has been nonexistant.

As of late I've been planning suicide again. I know how I want to do it but I need my affairs in order. I'm having a hard time planning when. I am what keeps this family running. My husband on many different occasions has called my cleaning routines insufficient, the children's attitudes out of control or unmannered, I skip a dinner and he has to starve at work or grudgingly get takeout. He told me how his life sucks recently. I'm, personally, so depressed but I wear this smile and talk of hope. I try not to take his criticism personally and try to see them objectively but I'm still drawn. Into thoughts like: what else can I do? Is what I'm doing not enough? How can I do more? Will I ever bring ANYONE true happiness? If I'm truly this terrible at family life how will my kids end up suffering under my care and after?

I will hear out anyone telling me not to commit to suicide but I know I will be that person that ends their life that way. If I do commit after my affairs are in order now and everyone can live comfortably i honestly believe people in my life would find happiness and have less stress. It would hurt for a long time after im gone but would it hurt worse if I hung around? More pain for them because I am just who I am isn't worth it to me. 

This is just my way of telling someone. My husband said, once we got back together again, if I was ever actively suicidal again that we were finished and I know any good therapist would put me on a hold to get me into a crisis center. I really don't want to make my husband loose work hours because of my absence. So here I am after Uninstalling all my social accounts but this one and making plans to tie up loose ends letting someone know I'm in pain.