I want to run away abusive relationship
My friend R . She don't give a shit when i go down. She say like my family 'You don't need to go hospital, you can talk to me!' . say I used to stick with her cuz am her best friend. When i so to hospital for 2 week cus i cut myself. She ALWAY angry , say why i used be like this . Why i don't care about her. I ALWAY Leave her alone at class. She want friend. 

During semester . I angry one of my friend. he say he gonna flirt with me . I told him i like woman and he say 'Not problem i gonna RAPE you' I scream . Block his facebook. next day he say he so sorry about that rape joke. I call for help with my friend to not get he come close to me. R say "He is a good guy. What your problem? This so 
foolish. ํYou want to lose friend like him?? He JUST kidding!" this word make me cry. i don't feel save anymore when someone support rape joke . especially my friend. (when that guy come to apologize. she always say this so stupid AM so stupid)

R broke my phone . she get her old one for me but this fucking sick . I ask her about money. She say 'I get you a phone, This not about money'

Once , I got headache . She call me 10 time for see theater. like i said , my phone sick . it answer her call by themselves. She angry again. flood on Line chat with angry word, said 'I KNOW PEOPLE LIKE YOU! :) NEVER SEEN SHITTY ONE LIKE YOU BEFORE' . I give up . told her 'DO NOT MESS WITH ME AGAIN BITCH AM DONE WITH YOU' Well , R not have much friend like she act. next day she can't even sit with another classmate. Now R going to apologize. She say she understand me now.

Whatever . lately i got headache again. i go to medical room. when i wake up, R and Senior there. Senior told me i could tell R what going on to me about my sick . She will understand.then i know she was slander me with him.

Biggest problem is , every time it want to talk with her. She always berate me back . 'You problem not BIG DEAL , I HAVE MORE THAN YOU' 

I just want her to leave me. I want stay with my friend who support me all the time (i have 2 now). I don't want her back and fuck with my life. She not deserving any chance. She spend all of this and break my kindness.

This one night i cant sleep. am so tried... i can't manage my thought. feel like my body fail . i begging you pls... help... i can't handle this... i don't know what to do.