WhyFor how much longer will i have to suffer? I just cant do this. No matter what i do, no matter what i try i always end up being hurt. After so much time being alone i thought talking with some friends would help me a bit and joined a group call. But of course... I mean what did i even expect... It hurt so much that i was going insane. I wanted to cut my throat so hard. This is just unbearable. I didnt kill myself because my friend was going through some shit and i didnt want to leave him alone, and because my mom would be sad. But hey, he is fine now and he isnt alone anymore. So i just have to make my mother hate me and then everything will be fine right? Ill be finally able to escape from this shit. Its not like anybody else would care, its not like they would even notice. Actually what the fuck am i talking about. Of course they would. They would be fucking glad right? Im sorry everyone, i wont ever bother and disappoint you ever again. I should do the world a fucking favor and kill myself. Minus one fugly toxic weak PIECE OF SHIT in the world. 
My friends were supposed to go on a trip in april and i wanted to end it while they were gone but because of the fucking quarantine everything is cancelled and my plan is ruined.
I was never afraid of death and didnt really care about how to do it but my best bet was to jump from a roof in a rainy day and make it look like i slipped. But WHO THE FUCK DO I THINK I AM??? I HAVE TO SUFFER. Something that simple is not enough. Getting the virus isnt an option either because i would endanger my family. Sadly i dont live alone or i could burn myself alive together with my house. Yeah that would be fucking awesome. Or maybe getting into a fight with some thugs in the street so they beat and stab me to death. It has to be as painful as it can get. Then everyone would be happy right? RIGHT? If it hurts like hell then i might be able to forget about everything even if at least for a little bit.
IM SORRY FOR BEING LIKE THIS . I hate myself so fucking much. I want to die so fucking much. I wish i was never born. IM SO SORRY. YOU CAN REST ASSURED I WONT EVER BOTHER YOU AGAIN. I WONT EVER DISAPPOINT YOU AGAIN. IM SO SORRY. I hope you will be happy from the bottom of my heart. I want you to at least know that i tried really hard, but it didnt matter in the end. Life worned me so many times but i didnt want to believe, i pretended i didnt notice but now i understand. Its ok now. 
I really regret i didnt do it the first time i tried. I was ready. Now im not. But dont worry. Soon enough ill do it. Im just need a little more time
Soon ;)