Can anyone relateThrowaway because this is a ranty post  and I want a safe account to just get all this off my chest. 

I’m having a hard time with my MH. I’ve had MH problems for nearly 10 years now. I have a very poor quality of life because I’ve never been able to access any treatment in the community. It’s basically just see your CPN every two weeks, see the psychiatrist every 6 months and we will keep shoving you on the waiting list for therapy- which you will never be stable enough to have because you have been branded with bpd. The cancer of all psychiatric disorders. Go me.

 
I don’t actually do impulsive shit or regularly self harm or attempt suicide. But last year I had this terrible depression and I made a fairly good attempt that nearly worked. Was sectioned and all that crap. Nothing came of it. Usual thing; we need the bed, you haven’t voiced anything on the ward, hospital won’t fix you,  so back to the same old useless shit. 

I’m still depressed as fuck and it’s not shifting. I’m getting seriously suicidal at this point. But I don’t even want to reach out because I know what the response will be;
If your saying your suicidal then you have insight. Therefore you are free to chose whatever decision you want. 
You can see your CPN a bit more. Or the crisis team. neither of which really does much to help me personally. I also find they will not ask me about suicide and if I have a plan or date or anything comprehensive. And I feel it’s because they don’t want to know so they don’t have to do anything further.
We can make you an emergency psychiatrist appointment. Which we know you struggle to attend at the best of times but if you don’t take it or miss it then that’s it. The psychiatrist won’t prescribe you anything like diazepam or zopiclone because you have bpd and can’t be trusted to not become addicted. Ha. But please take these antipsychotics that you hate that we just constantly mix up in a nice little cocktail that doesn’t solve anything. 
Attend A&amp;E where you will have to wait all night to see the liaison team. Who will send you home with a crisis team referral because you’ve not harmed yourself at this point so your not that serious about suicide. 

Honestly. I know the score. I know services are stretched and I appreciate that. But I can’t get the courage to admit I’m on the brink of a suicide attempt because they always think it’s just me being a drama queen and there’s very little that they can do. I honestly feel hospital would be a good idea but they won’t admit me informally and They wouldn’t have reason to section me because they don’t ask me explicitly how suicidal I am. I feel paranoid about saying ‘hey I’m suicidal and x y z’ because I know they will just roll their eyes and assume I’m trying to manipulate them into admitting me. 

It’s not getting better. I’m feeling more and more like there is no hope and I can’t live anymore with this MH shit. My CPN knows I’m not doin well. I told her last week I had reached crisis point and so did my spouse. But she’s not made contact in 10 days and I don’t see the point in ringing her to say the same thing. 

I almost feel like everyone knows I’m a lost cause and is ignoring it on purpose so I actually do them a favour and try again harder. 

I’m not asking for advice and stuff because I know what I should do. I guess if anyone can relate or wants to share that would be comforting.