I Wish I Had Never Been BornI wish my parents had one child, not two.

I'm very lonely. Almost every day I cry myself to sleep because of how lonely I feel. 

I have a lot of things to be thankful for. I have food and shelter. Clean drinking water.

But I'm very lonely. It's almost like a physical pain. I feel like an alien on Earth. I go through about my day and enact certain behaviours that will make me appear like a normal member of society. But I'm deeply broken inside. 

I am turning 26 in two months and I think I have led a good life. 26 years is a long time. I never thought I would see my 25th birthday.

I have always been a loner. Alone. I have trouble making friends. I had a few friends since high school but we've drifted apart ever sense. I used to struggle a lot with loneliness and I've put myself out there. Talked to people. Worked on being positive. Joined clubs. Tried new things. Get new jobs.

But everything is external. I know that everything I do - it is an act. I will write two letter when I end it. One of them is for my dad. I want to thank him for supporting me even though I didn't turn out well. I want to tell him that it is for the best and the end is inevitable. I want to thank him and tell him that when it comes to it, my departure is not something to grieve over because I would never amount to anything in life. It is better to end it now before I become a bigger burden.

In a way, it is the best time to end it. In my letter, I hope to convey to my family that my existence should have never happened in the first place. I have a darkness within myself and I'm always very, very lonely. I have no one. There was no other reason that I was brought to this world.

I have cried many days and nights over this decision, but I think it's for the best. I have nothing to offer to the world. I am nothing. I used to cry and long for someone to love and hold me, but I've finally reached peace with the realization that there is reason that I will never find it. I'm very grateful for all the gestures of kindness I've received in this life. They meant a lot to me. The reason that I've always been a loner all my life is because I am not a person who can have it. Why would anyone love and care about me? The reason that is that I should have never been born. 

I'm really glad that I was able to make something of my life that would make me somewhat a productive member of society. I'm very lucky. But I have to end it. Because this is it. I'm sorry for the pain that my family will go through. But I hope they understand that I've arrived at this decision because it is the right thing. If I were to prolong my time on this Earth, there is nothing else for me other than being a greater burden. This is a good thing. 

I'm glad that I've experienced my 25th birthday. It was good. 26 years is a long time. Thank you.