I'm going to dieSo my fear of getting skin cancer on my head got a lot worse reacently, and that's, for some reason made me a lot more suicidal than before. Like, it feels like I am going to die, and I can't do anything about it, but I don't know when, and I don't have control over it, and it feels better to have control over that than to just die randomly and unintentionally some time in the near future maybe. And I can't stop thinking about it, of course. I am scared to leave my house, even if I wear sunscreen or a a hat or something, what if It doesn't work? What if I already have skin cancer and I don't know about it? What if it's already too late? Staying alive is so hard and terrifying. Everything wants to kill you. We need water to stay alive, but drinking too much water also kills you, and while drinking dirty water can kill you, so can drinkinc 100% pure H20, you can't win. Nothing is safe, and I am terrified all the time, mainly about a set of different specific ways to die that I become obsessed with for a few months, until I move on to something else. Right now It's skin cancer and mold, mainly. And like, I am an awful person. Even if know one else realises that, I am hurting all of them by being in their lives, or I am going to. I am not a safe person to be around, and I am probably subconsciously  faking all of this because I am an awful person. I don't know what I want to gain from this, as I am not really gaining anything, but I probably want to be special or better able to manipulate people or something. I can't trust anything and I can't trust any of the people around me, because I think a lot of them aren't actually human anymore, and that doesn't sound like something that happens, and I keep trying to reason my way out of it, but there's so much evidence for it, and my actual experience of the world says otherwise, and a lot og stuff about the world is weird and illogical, and thaf doesn't make those thkngs fake, so I just can't, though right now I can't really think about it at all, because I can't think clearly and I am incapable of feeling emotions. But then, what if all of that was fake? What if everything I think isn't actually really what I am thinking and actually just fake thoughts hiding my secret, evil thoughts and opinions? What if this is all part of my evil plan and I can't realise that because I am either too evil or stupid to realise that what I am doing is evil, or because me not knowing is also part of my plan? What if non of thos is real and it's actually part of some giant joke someone is playing on me? I feel so guilty I don't even completely know what about, and I don't completely know what is real and what isn't anymore.  Anyways, the second reason I feel like I should die, is because I am a horrible person who is hurting everyone, and even if they don't realize it, It's for their own good that I don't exist to cause the people I love harm.