I just don't know at this point.I'm a 15 year old guy. I play football for my highschool, I'm 6'2 and pretty built, and I even coach the little dudes on my brother's team. This may turn into a wall of text but I just need somebody right now. I've never been a fan of religion I have no interest in imaginary friends. I understand that Jesus and God may help others, but I'd rather not talk about them. So here's my sob story. I can be pretty social at times, I know how to get my endorphins flowing and what not, blah blah blah. No issues talking with girls, I can hold my own in a conversation but there's always something wrong. I don't know how to explain it but whenever I talk to even regular people like my normal friends and stuff from the team, I can't help but feel ignored. I try my best to be nice to everyone and make it a point in my day to make everyone I talk to smile. Usually I meet my quota but I just feel empty. The coaches for my little brother's team can't handle when I talk to them. The team isn't particularly good but I always tell them it's just a game. My coach says the same thing to us, it's a game, games are supposed to be fun! You win and you lose, that's part of playing. I try to tell my boys this and they seem to love me. I'm the only truly kind-hearted coach out there. Everyone else kinda just screams and yells instead of teaching. So I always have the little guys to look forward to after school, in the off-season at least. Then there's my parents. I love them to death but oh my goodness. They don't listen to whatever I have to say either. I don't feel like I can talk to them because they always have the,"Don't give a shit about anything you have to say" vibe. It's awful and just crushes me. Everyday it's the same thing. "Whatever J4X1, you don't know how to coach football!" or, "Wow, that's cool..." and the usual silence. That's the worst. When they don't even acknowledge anything I have to say. Hell they don't acknowledge it anyway now that I think about it. The only thing truly keeping me going is those little kids. I love teaching them all I know but...I'm not happy. What's the point in living if you can't be happy? Death scares me. I love game of thrones and the one quote I will never forget was when Arya walked upon a man who was bleeding out. When she asked him why he didn't just end it, he talked about how maybe being in pain was better than nothing. Pure nothing. 

But pure nothing sounds quite nice right now if I'm honest. 