Thought I would share my life story.How I got to where I am now.Well this is going to be a long one but I said I would do this in my other post so here it is, hope whoever reads this enjoys:). Here is my other post: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/3f3938/my_future_plans/

So I am currently 16 just finished high school. From South Africa, moved to England when I was 9, about to reach 10. Things weren't too bad, I got into cricket again, which was amazing because I loved playing it before I moved here, I was actually the captain of my junior cricket team, which is the only thing I am actually proud of, sometimes I stay up late and think to myself, what if we never moved, where would I be, what could I have achieved if we had stayed in Africa. For a while I actually enjoyed it here. But from the age or 12/13 things started going down hill, it wasn't so much the people, or problems I had, it was me, I just started feeling depressed, like something inside me was breaking me apart slowly, I felt like I had seen enough of the world , I felt like a roach, just waiting for the boot that is life to come down and crush me. I understand life is sacred, and beautiful, But I personally don't feel that way anymore. I am nothing, and will amount to nothing.

Nobody would notice/still doesn't know how I truly feel on the inside, because I was the class clown, I guess, any opportunity I had to make people even if it was just one person laugh or smile, I would take it, because it was the only thing that made me slightly happy. But behind a bad smile, and weird laughing. I have always felt depressed. But I'm no drama queen, or attention seeker, I don't have any mental issues and I sure as hell don't need to talk to anybody about this. We all have our problems.

From the age of 15 I had thoughts of suicide. But I have always felt mentally strong, so I knew it would pass, after all "things get better", Right???...

So I stuck with a positive attitude towards life, in the hopes I would get better. I fucked up my education by messing around and not concentrating. I was put on something called BTEC science, which is for the retards. I tried my best to get moved up, get my mom to come in you know how it is... but nothing, they wouldn't even give me a fucking chance, but I didn't blame them because It is all my fault, I should have worked harder. And I only have my self to hold responsible for that.

Anyway After a year of feeling like shit I hit the big 16... Had a pretty nice birthday down in east Sussex with the very few family members I have  in England, my grandparents were here so there was a bonus, since I'm pretty sure this was the last time I could see them before they passed, they are pretty old, and we don't have enough money to go back to South Africa. I couldn't even go to my other grandfathers funeral. But that's life I suppose, just one big fuck you. But like I said, I didn't really complain or talk about it, I just saw this as another way to man up, so like most things I bottled it up.

Over the past 3 years I have distanced myself from family, my grandparents, mom, dad. Because the way I am going I know my early demise is inevitable. I started having feelings for this girl, this was roughly 3 or 4 months ago seeing her smile was the only thing that brought me happiness anymore, just looking into her eyes gave me such joy, that and fishing.xD

I didn't have many people close to me, I had a few friends I cared about and the girl, who I cared about most. Sadly I fucked up any chance with her, now she hates me, probably scared of me... And I don't blame her. I have a lot of regrets in my life, but turning her against me is #1.I will link in the story of what happened there later on. Since it's on my main Reddit account as a TIFU.

So here I am. Nearly lost all  hope in the world. Girl I care about most is scared of me/hates me, I don't even know anymore... I'm living in a house where I don't talk to my family, lonely as hell. The remaining people in my life are oblivious to my intentions, and it will remain this way until I need to show them this, and apologies for my weakness. Think I will write a note to Mom &amp; Dad explaining myself, well try to anyway.

I have one last hope in this world, and that is what I am counting on. I was able to move up in my maths group, and my English group, which is something I am happy I was able to do, I doubt I would have had a chance to gain the grades I needed in my previous groups, as it was poor. The children wouldn't give the teachers a chance to help them, and it was just fucking chaos. for my future aspirations to come to life of becoming a psychiatrist or forensic psychologist I need to get 5 grade C's, not too hard to do. But still people fail, I think I am one of them , having moved up in some subjects I am hoping I gained the knowledge I needed to pass, If not that is the final straw.

I should be getting my results on the 20th of august. Till then I will try hear the voice of the girl I care about most in this world, maybe even get to see her smile, If im lucky ge to look into her eyes one last time &amp; I will be using my main account to help anybody I can on SuicideWatch. In the hopes of doing some good in this world. In-case I am to check out early, I will also make sure I become an organ donor, that way in death I can do something good as well.

This is not a cry for help, I don't need advice, I don't need a fucking hug, I don't need to talk to anybody, This is not some piss poor way of trying to get attention. I have made up my mind, my fate relies on passing my exams. Nothing will change that. For those who have stuck with me this far, I will be making an update post on the 21st of august. 

If you feel the way I do. Or have a similar situation, Don't give up, I'm too weak and stubborn to change my mind. If you are heading down the road I am on turn the fuck around, and change your ways. Get help do something. I wish you the best of luck&lt;3 