lack of any motivation, will to live and also experiencing muscular weakness, dunno, might end it hereI don't know if i should put my post here, but i did sp because mine didn't get responded to on other subs

I've recently hit even higher levels of what i assume to be depression. I don't want to talk about it to my family because it's not that useful. If my sister eavesdrops she's gonna dip in and start telling me i have no right to be depressed and that i am ungrateful because i live in the comfort of a home with four meals each day, a stable internet connection, plus she says that she never had any of my issues. She is now in one of the best colleges with a scholarship thanks to her grades. She even once encouraged me to commit suicide because my alarm was too loud. I was only trying my best to wake up, but my dysfunctional body and brain keep me asleep. I've since not involved anyone when i'm deciding or contemplating to end my life on the spot so that i won't be encouraged further, but with what she said i began to agree. I've lost all feeling of self worth and now i just want to live in my own fucking fantasy just do that i don't end up killing myself. I've not done any of the schoolwork they're pushing out because of this emotional low, also if i am gonna repeat this grade level i'm automatically commiting suicide, i already have it planned out anyway, you can't stop me. Of course, the obligatory "why are you threatening the school with your own life huh?" Well, no i'm not threatening them, it's not their business. I kill myself, i did it because i don't want my family to be shamed. I've ruined them long enough. My sister already has a future, what purpose does it serve to push a broken idiot. I've never been exposed to literature, i don't know much, i can't play instruments, i can't for the love of god do math and i don't even study. I'm a total piece of shit.


So now with the symptoms. Today, i experienced some heavy muscular weakness. It's hard for me to keep my balance and it's like i'm exhausted. The first thought in my mind when i woke up today was "fuck". Yes, that word. I was displeased of having woken up. I'm having difficulty even clicking the website for our school, aside from that i'm also very afraid to even check my emails. I wanted to die everytime i thought about it. I can't even worm without me just collapsing and crying myself to sleep.


I don't know what i'm gonna do. It's gonna be a tough decision for me.