Don’t know where to turn.I’ve been suicidal since I was 11. It’s scary to think back on me just beginning 7th grade wondering if I could pry the bars off my 5th story window or if I could get skinny enough to shimmy through them. I look at seventh graders and I can’t believe I felt like that so young. So precious faced. So innocent to what I am now.  Now I’m 20 and killing myself is hard. I yearn to not exist so bad. Today was very hard. I am five weeks pregnant and my fiancé left me. Today was hard. What should’ve been my father in law pushed me to the ground and kicked my stomach. Today sucked ass man. I didn’t want to get out of bed, I barely drank any water, I definitely haven’t brushed my teeth in god knows how long. I don’t think I’ve showered in three days. It hurts even more because no one around me notices. Not even my fiancé ( well I guess ex) and I can’t kill myself because I have a baby in me but the baby could die because of the trauma. I can’t run to my parents. They don’t care. I have no where to go. Tomorrow night I will not have a mattress or a couch. I wish I could call my mom and Dad. I wish I had a friend who I could call at 2 in the morning and say, “hey I really might kill myself but I probably won’t if you come over” I don’t even think I can raise a baby on my own. I’m sorry I ramble and go in eight different directions with my thoughts. It’s hard to keep everything together. I couldn’t find any razors around my house so it made me cry harder. I don’t know how much longer I can keep it together. I miss my mom and Dad. I wish I wasn’t a fuck up child and they loved me. Or they cared enough to answer when I called at 2am. I wish I had something to hold on to but all I can hold on to is the hope that I die. It’s so disgraceful to see myself like this. Do you ever wish you didn’t have to do it? I’m so tired of this life. Constant struggle. In and out of homelessness. No college. I wish someone just saw how tired I was.... I don’t know if I can keep doing it... 