Stuck in Life and Want OutI don't know what to do with my life anymore. I'm floundering and beginning to realize I may never be able to meet the goals I planned for myself at this age, even though I'm working hard to achieve them. 

I feel like I've hit the end of my road and all other options are not viable. For the past three years, I've dutifully completed academic pre-requisites and amassed extracurricular activities and experience in order to be a competitive applicant for various health care schools. I desperately need a job in the health care industry to *do* something with my life other than study and volunteer. Having clinical work experience is a big issue to cover on my applications and my backup plans require this experience as well. I want to work. I don't want to live with my parents anymore. I want to be independent, support myself, and succeed. 

But I've been passed over for entry level jobs again and again because I don't have the certificates and associates degrees preferred/needed for jobs I could quickly succeed in with basic instruction. 

Two years ago, I had so much drive and hope for a future career in health care, just toughing it out and moving forward with my plan when road blocks appeared. But I'm burnt out after almost seven years of continuous schooling and struggling to get the basic *experience* needed to apply for plans A and B. I have panic attacks almost daily about being a failure and giving up to pursue other ventures that would only make me more miserable. Seeing my friends excel in their respective schools and careers feels like a knife to my side as I work hard to move forward, but remain stagnant and with the hefty uncertainty of acceptance hanging over my head. Like every time I'm happy and thinking this route my life's taken isn't so bad, something comes along to pull the rug out from under my feet and I crash to the lowest of lows. 

I don't want to be like this anymore. I'm stuck with no routes out that wouldn't continue to make me feel like an utter failure. I'm terrified. I should have been successful by now. Ideas of suicide come up more often than they used to, although I never act on them. I'm starting to accept there may come a point where I can't get back up from the ever thickening quicksand and fight again for my goals. Not having to deal with the stress and anxiety and overall frustration from getting nowhere despite my best efforts. 