16, Suicidal, I need help.I was going to kill myself last week. I climbed up to the top of a parking garage and stood on the edge. Someone was up there, too, though, and talked me down. He told me that I should wait a day, or a week, before doing it. That I might change my mind, and I would never be able to if I was dead. So that's what I'm doing, but I don't feel any different.
Several months ago, I started to become more and more consumed by everything I thought was wrong with me. That I wasn't smart enough. That I broke promises and made the people around me miserable. That I was worthless. That I didn't know how to understand people, and that no one would ever understand me. I started getting anxiety attacks constantly. Eventually, the feelings started to be less loathing and more general apathy towards life. Nothing seemed to matter anymore. Grades didn't matter. Talking to people didn't matter. Eating didn't matter. My grades hit rock bottom, and strated talking to people less and less. I feel like if I died, nothing would really change. The world would keep spinning without me, and I'm fine with that.
Some anonymous people told me that telling my family or friends might help me get some support, so I told my mom. It turned out to be a bad idea, really.
"You're acting just like your fucked-up father. What did I do, to deserve dealing with this? Get your act together. I didn't raise you so you could jump off a building, you piece of shit."
I told my sister, and she said that I used to be so strong, that she was sorry I was sad, and that I need to "just get over it, like everyone else."
My dad refused to talk about it at all.
Everyone else I've told has either given me vague "it gets better" advice, told me I was acting like a weak, attention seeking emo, or outright said I was a worthless piece of crap. Maybe they're right, I don't know. I don't know what helps.

I don't want to feel this way. I don't want to /be/ this way. And there are only two ways out of it: die, or get better. But I don't know how to fix it, and I don't know how to get help. Being 16, I can't just go to a doctor or a therapist about it. What do I do? How does it end? Please, I need help.
P.S. Sorry for the massive wall of TMI text.