We are grasping to be heard, to be understood, to be loved, to be cherished, and to be respected.We don't always receive, yet we always give. We are a candle burning at both ends. We have tried and we have failed. We have failed so e more. We make mistakes. We aren't perfect. We compare too much.....to other people and other lifestyles. We expect something to make us feel better; a pill, a drink, a non-existent friend, a smoke, shopping, phones, porn, beauty, and a plethora of other things we utilize to cope with what we are going through. 

I say this because I've done it. I have failed and made more mistakes than I care to count. But, I wouldn't be where I am now if it wasn't for those mistakes and failures. I've lost jobs, a career even for the federal government, I've been to jail, on probation, been to combat a few times, divorces, child custody hearings, more court, I've done plenty of drugs, drank plenty, smoked plenty, but that only progressed onto a bigger downward spiral. 

We are stressed out because of school, work, and family. Now, they're all intertwined. It's hard to separate school, work, and family. An endless wheel of the same thing, over and over, day after day. We become bored. We become curious. We start to wonder and wander. Our judgement is clouded. Our mind, fogged. What else is left? What are we missing? I can't answer that for you, but I know where your questions lead to. 

It leads to here. My post got tagged, so I'm rewriting this in a way that hopefully conveys that you are not alone. You may feel alone. You may not feel love, but you are loved. Regardless of your race, religion, orientation, gender identification, and national origin, you deserve to be heard and understood. Life sucks, not gonna lie. It's not easy, it's not happy, it's polarizing, it's difficult. We want to quit. We want to give up....to stop the pain, the humiliation, the segregation, the depression, the hate, the disgust. 

You are here reading this, for what reason....that's up to you. Well, I am still here. Still kicking and screaming, but putting what I think my best foot forward is. I have been grounded. I don't focus on myself as much and I focus on the families that I serve in their time of grief. That's more rewarding than anything I have done.....putting one's emotions to the side to help others is my specialty. Having limited emotions is a blessing and a curse, but this time, it is a blessing. But, it is all perspective. Our lives can change dramatically if we change some of our perceptions. It's an amazing feat, it's hard, it's not fun, but let me tell you, it's worth it. 

You are all wonderful people, regardless of what you think. We will always be our own worst critic, as I still am. We are human. We are allowed to make mistakes, to fail a class, to lose a job....it's ok, it may suck, but it's ok. Besides, what other people think about us is none of our business anyways;