Just want you're opinion on how I'm feeling right now.For a while now I thought the nightmares and dreams I've been having were becoming more and more vivid but it was only recently that I've come to realize that it wasn't that they were becoming more vivid but rather my real life was becoming more dreamlike, drowsy and insignificant to me. Sometimes I dream of my home with all these extra corridors and rooms and doorways into other realms and I wake up and lay in bed for hours thinking about those places until I realize that they don't actually exist. Its not surprising, Everyday its the same thing, I wake up and just zone out until I have somewhere to be like school. Hours pass me by, often I can't even remember what I've done with the time, I'm there in my head thinking about my life and certain aspects, always thinking but never really there in the moment. I think my grasp of reality is fading, I have very little social contact with the rest of the world. Its like I'm watching my dull life as a movie now and not really living it. I don't have any friends and my family, though me and my brothers are close, seem to maintain an unspoken agreement that we should never talk about our emotions. 

My parents act like drones too, its like I don't even know who they are, all they do is watch TV all day and occasionally when times are tough they make it obvious that they hate this position their in with having spent their lives raising kids though it doesn't really bother me anymore I don't think I ever needed their acceptance I just hope they don't ever expect me to take care of them in their old age as I don't feel anything for them. Though no one wants to know as a child that their parent's are done actually caring for their children by the time they're born like they're just another item off the assembly line. As a child I always felt old, a thousand years old, not being able to relate to anyone my age, just watching and observing as if I didn't belong there at all.

I don't think I've ever felt love or cared for any other human in my life. For a short time me and this girl in high-school who I was good friends with were having sex without any actually relationship(she like weird guys and I filled the requirements) and then she suddenly cut it off, she thought I was boring and I suspect also because I was atrocious at sex. When me and her were having sex I couldn't help but think of how ridiculous the reality of the situation was, how bizarre and over romanticized the act of sex was and it was hindering my performance when all I wanted to do was enjoy myself. So the only person who has ever reached out to me for a relationship thinks I'm worthless, its left me feeling pretty unmotivated to look for a girlfriend. I look into peoples eyes and they don't seem human, they're cold and calculated and often even predictable and I often think of how little It would make a difference to me if I were the only human left on the planet, it actually seems like a really nice idea as I could go anywhere I want, I feel trapped now, this house is a cage.

Its not that I don't think people aren't capable of emotions like I am its just that I feel like I would have to wade through millions of them before I could find one that was actually sentient, everyone seems so sadistic, they always have someone they hate, I don't want to hate anyone and I don't understand why everyone wants to cause so much needless drama in their life. How can people who act so sadistic be human like I am? Sometimes I get so caught up with these pondering that I forget where I am, sometimes I get so made thinking about a point in my life when someone was being unfeeling and cruel to me that I punch the air as if I were really there thinking about how it doesn't matter if they get hurt because they can't possibly be human and want to cause such pain for no reason.

 I don't think I have the guts to finish myself off as its always been a reassuring feeling ever since I was a little boy, if I had a more convenient way like a gun or a pill I wouldn't hesitate. Perhaps this was more appropriate for /r/depression but I'm starting to feel like any means of release would be sufficient. I'm sorry this was so hastily and poorly written I just don't want to think of any of this for longer than I have to.