How is life this atrocious at 21?Hello suicide watch, my old friend. I once again have never felt worse in my life. Where do I even start. I would start as usual with how hideously fat and disgusting I am but I feel like that’s not even the reason I’m suicidal this time. Maybe part of it, but not the overwhelming factor.
      Let’s start with my personality disorder. Borderline personality disorder, which is the root cause of all this and what brings me back to the brink of suicide month after month. Once again, I fell in love way too quickly and became obsessive. It’s time to be honest and tell it for what it is. Men control my life. They control how I see myself, my happiness, my self worth, my joy, everything. I scream internally when I get a new crush/obsession because I know it’s going to start a deep, dark downward spiral which only inevitably ends in contemplating suicide because the target of my affections is always someone unavailable to love me back in the way I need to be loved. I have been in therapy since the age of 16 on and off, tried several medications, been in the mental hospital three times, and nothing has ever helped long term. I do feel better for short spurts, but then i meet another man and the cycle starts all over again.
        The only good thing about this time around is I finally realized what is causing these cycles. It’s not even that I am trying to meet men every time I “imprint” on a new one. It could be as simple as someone I work with. Everything is fine and then one day...it’s not. I’m googling them, Facebook stalking, checking their snap score, LinkedIn, maybe even doing a background check. I’m certifiably insane and no one who knows me even realizes the extent of it. I’m an absolute psycho and the world would probably be better off without me anyway. I don’t see how this disorder can ever be cured. My brain is broken.
         Now let’s talk about my past. I’ve been raped more times than I can count, groomed by older men in my childhood, abused, beaten, taken advantage of in every which way. My college rape freshman year was the worst one. That’s when I knew there was no coming back. It’s like I knew I was going to destroy my life or die trying. I know I am smart and some days I envision doing amazing things, like studying public health at Hopkins. Other days I just want to jump off the Ambassador bridge. Today is one of those days. I am in so much emotional pain I can feel it physically and I can’t stand it anymore. 
       I also carry around massive amounts of guilt. My brother is headed to federal prison soon, and I can’t help but think if I hadn’t been such a shitty and dramatic sister maybe my parents would have been able to pay him more attention and realize he was fucked up too. My family’s broken up over this. I keep imagining the day he was taken away, and I can’t stop crying.
      It’s really just a big mess of everything at this point and I can’t pinpoint the one factor that is making me want to end it all. I just know if the rest of my life is going to be these cycles it’s not worth living another day of this misery. Thank you for reading this stupid rant.