Did i miss the part of my life where people loved me or sumn?Well, i obviously missed some part of my life where i was supposed to be loved. So from the top, all i really was in my childhood was beaten. There are holes in my wall where my dad would throw my head at, and HE WASN'T EVEN DRUNK, while the rest of my family looked on. I was the only one to really get that kind of treatment. I'm a middle child, sister is oldest, and other brother is youngest. I am currently trapped in a cycle where my sister beats me, and i can't do anything because she is a girl (also my dad is sexist and believes girls are supposed to be princesses that no one can touch), and my younger brother also beats me, and i can't do anything because he's younger than me. I am a trans guy, omw to being a girl, and gay so you can imagine that scene in my current christian household. I am an introvert, and have a small group of 4 "friends" that i can go and talk to (as if they ever answer). As if it can get any worse, i have a lot of pressure on me from the family tree asking when i am going to get a girlfriend, or when i am going to win a presidential award like my sister. I am not interested in girls and the guys i like aren't gay, even if they were, they wouldn't come out due to pEeR pReSsUrE against gays in the deep south (Georgia). I have currently given up on trying to get a relationship and have my eyes set on my transgender surgery, which my family cannot get enough laughs at my attempt to tell them i want the surgery. Let' s recap, I've missed my chance to be loved, have a relationship, get awards, and just want to have my trans surgery. cAn iT gEt aNY wOrsE. Yes. Yes tf it can. I have anxiety, chronic depression, and full body dysphoria. I've told my parents i want to see a therapist, but they say its all in my head. My sister on the other hand, said her stomach hurt so my parents took her to the hospital. It was a period cramp -\_-. Anyway, these make it hard to keep any friends cuz who wants a debbie downer around. The counselers in my school don't want to talk to me, although they know i am being bullied. I have an Argentinian spanish accent when i speak spanish, making me the joke to the hispanics in my school. Between thinking of suicide, shooting up my school, or just plain bad thoughts, did i miss something? Did i do something wrong? Why am i a joke to everyone? Why can't i just find someone for myself? I just want something in my life to go right or one fucking time. I wake up everyday and just regret not killing myself the day prior, because i know whats going to happen later in the day. Should i just die?

 (Recap - 15, Hispanic, Georgia, gay, trans, bad life)

&amp;#x200B;