Hey guys, I think one of my friends is in serious troubleYes, I do mean a friend, I've already posted here asking for help, and I appreciate what you did. Now it's my friend's turn. He's been kind of gloomy for a long time, but in September started dating his first girlfriend and it looked like things were turning around for him. Unfortunately, he didn't change his attitude and keeps rejecting help of any form, even from his girlfriend. Now they've broken up, and he's been posting a lot of very depressed-sounding Facebook statuses. Since we're on winter break, I can't see him personally to make sure everything's alright. I haven't seen him online in a few days, and he's usually asking me for help with social issues. I wasn't aware that he and his girlfriend had broken up, but didn't tell him to talk to her for help. I've tried my best to talk to him, but now he's very solemn. Usually, if I ask him for a favor, he will jump right to it, no questions asked. Now it seems like he needs extra encouragement to do something. Since he's been offline, I don't know whether he's okay, and it's starting to worry me. In all seriousness, having a girlfriend was his only life accomplishment after getting into college. Even then, he's had his dad do a lot of his work, and he was set up to meet his girlfriend by another friend, because we all knew he wouldn't do it himself. 

I feel like this loss has really affected him, more so than usual things. He's the kid that always gets picked on, and I must admit I am guilty of doing that, though he shrugged everything off and when I felt I might be picking on him too much, I always apologized and would invite him over to make sure we were all good. The end of the semester was really stressful for him, and I smoked him out on a few occasions as a way of sharing what's worked for me. Despite how much I pick on him, I do think of him as my friend and don't want him to harm himself. I don't know if there are many posts on here asking for help for friends, but I'd like advice on how to make sure he's okay and help him out. I've never seen him this bad. I've already recognized that I may have been a part of the problem and am working with him to make sure he understands that I don't mean the bad things I've said. I've been where he is, and have the feeling he's in trouble. He hasn't brought it up directly, and as I said, I can't go talk to him in person right now because we're on break, but I want to do what I can. I don't know for certain that he's feeling suicidal and that he's not just going through a rough patch because of his breakup, but the way he's been wording his statuses and the way he's come across in the last few times we've talked, I believe he's in trouble.

So /r/suicidewatch, how can I help him from afar until school starts up again?

Edit: Important detail I forgot: his family is verbally abusive towards him. His mom actually told him that no son of hers would date a woman like his girlfriend, and his dad has called him useless on many occasions.