i don't want to be alone foreveri was diagnosed with genital herpes 7 years ago. i was in my first serious relationship with the only person i ever trusted/was in love with/had sex with. he tried blaming it on me, but that was (obviously) easy to disprove. i stayed with him for several more years, despite every red flag – including his cheating, lying, and being unbelievably controlling – because i didn't believe anyone else would ever want me with herpes.

since we broke up i've developed severe depression and anxiety. i can't fully enjoy getting to know someone i find attractive. i can't go on a date with someone without feeling panic, imagining them turning me away when i tell them what i have, wondering whether i'm wasting all my time and waiting on inevitable devastation.
the anxiety has spread into other parts of my life as well. the feeling of fear in my stomach never really goes away.

i finally… FINALLY recently met someone i really hit it off with. i told him i had anxiety, but we just kept talking, sharing things together, getting to know each other. i really cared about him, finally enough to tell him. and he told me he really likes me, but doesn't want a relationship with someone with herpes.
rejected. and absolutely devastated.

i don't even know what to do. i have never in my life felt such despair. when i look at the future i feel completely devoid of hope. the very thought of having sex with me makes someone unwilling to keep getting to know me… no one is ever going to love me again. the part of my body that should be the most feminine, and desirable, and beautiful... it makes people want to run away from me.
i don't know if i can ever make myself try to get to know a male again. any attempt to share the littlest detail of myself with someone i like feels like more of myself i'll understand as "not enough to make up for it" when someone rejects me. it's gotten to the point where i drink a lot at night, and can no longer contain myself from crying at work. i've become "that girl who cries in public." it's too overwhelming to handle, and i don't want to spend the rest of my life panicking, alone, and rejected.