Empty and numb and blank. War is hell.I feel blank most of the day. I try my best to feign enthusiasm for the most part, so not to make my family or friends feel bad or worry. Sometimes I can't find words to talk. I'll just stay quiet for very long periods of time. I hide away in my apartment. I don't want to go out, I don't feel a compulsion to. I don't feel any reason to. 
I have crying fits at work almost every day now, though I have been able to keep them secret. I've overcome severe alcoholism. I've overcome cutting. I've made myself successful despite an abusive childhood.

One of the biggest things that haunts me is the Afghan war. Whenever I hear about anything having to do with it, I become depressed for about a week. I have images and stories run through my head, horrible, horrible things. I understand why vets do not talk about their experiences. I had someone I loved dearly go for a 10 month tour and come back a completely different person. He was stable a while, and then began to fall apart in front of my eyes. We separated, but then I desperately tried to get him back. I loved him so much. I still can see him grabbing at the sides of my t-shirt and burying his face into my stomach. I can still feel his hot tears running down me. I can still hear him, a grown man in the one of the most elite and toughest sections of the military, crying and screaming with full force on his knees about women and children into my stomach. I won't elaborate past that. There are many more stories that float through my head.
He is gone now, and I cannot get in touch with him. I tried for 5 years. Things just never worked when we talked. Now, I think he is homeless somewhere.
It breaks my heart, and it continues to break my heart every day. Little things remind me, something as simple as cameo, or a certain flower, or a show, or seeing someone that shows Japanese lineage in their face. Then start the memories, of not only our past relationship, but everything else I know of that has to do with the war. It's a vicious cycle.
I knew members of his platoon as well. Those boys will never be the same. Those civilians will never be the same.
 
He will never be who he once was, and I am in love with a memory.

It's hard to get involved in relationships, because I can't help but know they're going to end. I've been in a few, I just never really loved anybody like I loved japanese-feature guy. He was the first person I completely let in.
 
I just feel so empty all the time. I really want to go, but I'm afraid it will forever effect my mother, brother, father. That's the only reason I can't go through with it, I haven't become that selfish yet. But GOD, do I wish I could just fall asleep and never wake up. This fucking world is a nightmare sometimes. Sometimes people's fates are so much worse than death. 

Debbie downer, out.