Please talk to someone!**TL;DR** - Been depressed/suicidal for over half my life (i'm 18) and last night I just let everything out to my brother who had no clue and it took a huge weight off of my mind. I am still depressed but I now have someone to fall back on and understand me. It was hard to finally let it out but I have never felt better.

I am not going to share my story about why I am suicidal, but I am going to tell you what happened last night to take the biggest weight off my back and help me feel immensely better.

I have been suicidal for over half my life (I'm 18) and I have been living inside my head for the longest time, never talking to anyone about it and feeling like shit everyday. I am sure most of you understand the feeling... But last night I was at my brothers party and I got completely plastered, he did what he always does and yells at me for being an idiot and tells me he is walking me back to his apartment to sober up. He does this because he is looking out for me, not to be mean. But being the drunk kid I am I started getting all teary eyed saying I don't want to leave and I was having *fun*, something I don't have too much... He tells me no and is walking me back to his place.

While I am there I start thinking about how my life sucks, the usual thing I do when I am alone. When I start getting into the deeper shit in my head, you know the 'why can't I just kill myself, I can't even drink right' type of shit, a bunch of people come back from the party including my brother. I am just sitting there a little teary eyed but I just play it off saying it because I am drunk and about to pass out. People are joking around with me saying 'oh stop crying have a drink!' type of stuff. I was starting to doze off and I closed my eyes and got literally a second away from falling asleep until I for some reason decided to get up and start talking to people. No idea why I did this but I am so happy I did.

When I got up I was talking to people just saying random shit and then after about 15 seconds of that someone asks what was wrong and all this emotion just starts flooding back to me and I can feel this terrible feeling of I am about to cry in front of all these people. Luckily my brother is next to me and I have no idea why I did this but I pulled him over and said we need to talk. He brought me to his room and sat me down and asked what was wrong. I don't know what happened exactly but I just remember crying and telling him EVERYTHING. This was my first time ever telling anyone about this weight that has been on my mind for as long as I can remember. It was so relieving to just let it all out and my brother even started crying and talking to me about how he used to feel a little similar to me when he was younger. When I told him about how suicidal I am he just hugged me and asked why I never told him before and that he is/has always been there for me. 

After I told him he got his Big brother (fraternity) and he told me that he is always there for me too. He told me about how his dad killed himself and he understands what is going on with me and that he is always there. Opening up to my brother was the best decision in my life, I now have people to talk to for any reason and I feel like this weight has been taken away from me that I have been carrying for so long. I do feel a little embarrassed because it feels weird to have other people know what is really going on with me and they understand why I act like I act and do what I do but overall it feels great. I am still depressed as shit but I now have someone to talk to and help me cope with it.

I am not alone anymore.