Why shouldn't I kill myself?So here goes... I hate myself and my life. I'm 23 years old with nothing to show for it.

I have no education past high school and I don't see myself studying anytime soon.

I have no girlfriend, friends, or car, and I live with my mother and grandfather in a shitty house in a shitty town in the middle of nowhere.

Yes, I know I sound like a spoiled brat and that there are millions of people far worse off than I am, but to be honest, I don't care about them, I care about me.

Don't get me wrong, I am happy about the few good things I have going on in my life, but every time I compare myself to my peers, I fucking hate myself (yes, I know I shouldn't compare myself to others, but you tell me how easy that is).

I'm actually trying to make a living writing. Partly because I want a form of income that's location independent so I can get the hell out of this place and partly because I enjoy writing.

My true passion though is engineering. I love guns and most other types of machines in the world. Of course, I haven't been able to study it.

Yes, I know that "things will get better", but when? I'm tired of working my arse off and seeing nothing but disappointment while those around me are making progress in life and enjoying it.

Yes, I know that my mother, grandfather, cousin and a couple friends will be upset about me dying, but so what? I'm an atheist, so I'm not worried about any sort of afterlife. As far as I know, when we die that's it. I won't be aware of anything and whatever pain my death leaves might fill me with guilt and sorrow while I'm alive, but when I'm dead it won't mean anything.

"So, why doesn't everyone on the planet just kill themselves"? I hear you ask. Well, why not? Who cares. We're all going to die anyway.

Let's say that my life does get better in the future? Again, who fucking cares!? I am going to die eventually anyway and whatever I did or didn't experience before then won't mean a fucking thing.

All I'd be doing is taking my death into my own hands instead of waiting for the world to off me in some way.

So, back to my original question. Based on what I've just said, can anyone offer me a reasonable reason for why I shouldn't kill myself?

To be honest, I sort of hope someone does.

I would be lying if I said that there's no part of me that wants to live. Maybe it's just my survival instinct, but I'm sure I can work up the guts to bypass it.

So? Anyone have a good reason as to why I shouldn't end my own life?