I hate everyone who loves meFuck you for keeping me alive. The only reason i get up every morning is because I have people in my life who would feel like shit if I was gone. Life is a joke. There's no such thing as a "you". If I walk in a building with my best fit and smile I will be treated better than if I walked in looking like a regular person. Life is a competition to be the best. Back in Middle School I had the best grades in my school, never a grade below an A. Now I'm 18 and feel like a failure. My 19th Birthday is in a month and I dread it every second. I can't see myself at 19. I have been dealing with suicidal thoughts since I was 15. This quarantine only made it stronger. I'm high 24/7 and even then I feel like shit. But the feeling intensifies when I'm sober. I hate myself I really do. I was spit and beat on and verbally abused as a kid at school and babysitters home. My self esteem is dependent on other people. If someone tells me my legs look weird then all I will think about the whole day and I mean it very seriously it eats me the fuck up. I might be bisexual, whenever I get gay thoughts I punch myself and get high but the thoughts come back. I might be a masochist, I have intense daydreams of being taken advantage off and being a slave to a master. I can't be like that I can't. That's not the person I want to be. Girls only care about money and fame. I already been laughed at most of my life for looking feminine and being skinny imagine when people find out I have a pegging fetish. I need to die as fast as possible. Suicide is on my mind from the second I wake up to the second I fall asleep. I don't deserve to live. I wanted to be like Michelangelo and Leonardo Da Vinci (my idols). I am a very fast learner, extremely artistic and creative, but I hate this existence. Life is a lie. I wish I was never born. I'm forced to play the game of life all because 2 people were horny 18 years ago. I want to slit my wrist or hang myself in front of the whole world to show people what society does to people. My whole life I just wanted to be happy but the only happiness I found is in weed and right now I ran out so until I pick up some more I'll be daydreaming suicide. Goodbye

&amp;#x200B;

Before anyone responds:

No I don't have a good standing with my family. I live in a home with 6 other people and feel disconnected. I tried to mention my suicidal thoughts to my family but as old school Hispanics they told me I was being over dramatic and that there are people worse off than me. 

I only have 1 friend and he tells me the same thing as my family. "Others have it worse" "Look at the little things" "Life isn't a competition" well how come when I have money and dress well women flock to me and men respect me but when I'm down low and look depressed people treat you like shit?? Fuck this world and everything human