(low priority) i finally started thinking about itI'm in no immediate danger. I'm not even sure this is the right subreddit for it.  

It's just... I've been doing great. I've been working on my career so it'd look great in my CV, my body is sore of the immense workouts, I'm studying a lot of things, I even managed myself brushing teeth twice a day instead of once (or none at all). I have even read a fiction book, for the first time in, like, 5 years.

I have no idea what caused this. It was 5:00 AM, I jumped into the car, feeling really sad and alone and hoping that it'd cheer me up, drove right to the nearest McDonalds' drive-thru. I was crying, like, for 20 minutes. Then, out of nowhere, I had a thought that it'd be a great time to kill myself.  
Perhaps, a McMuffin saved my life - that shit is awesome.  

I hesitate telling anyone close to me about that. I think I'm overreacting. I _am_ overreacting. It's really irrational and stupid, and I haven't even ran of the possible options to climb out of it - like, saving some money to finally get a therapist instead of wasting it on gas and junk food. It's just a nice thought to have. I don't really contribute anything crucial to the community. I do my best to support my friends and my girlfriend in their tough times. I like to think that I'm not that bad at it. And now, when I feel I need someone of them to talk to, I just think "nah, they won't help me anyway. What do they know about that feeling. It'd just make things worse. They could even gossip about me. They'll just dismiss it."

It takes a lot of preparing - if I were serious to kill myself, I'd make damn sure it would be lethal. I'm too lazy to prepare.  But the McMuffins solution™ won't last long. And, being depressive (but not suicidal) for a long time makes me think that I'm becoming suicidal. I'm just curious how much time I've got left till I choose to do it.

How the hell do I say the truth to them that I'm not OK without them feeling shitty or sorry for me. 