I have never found a way to speak to anyone so maybe I can here. Hi, I'm using a throwaway as friends know my real account and I don't want them to know what is going through my mind. 

I am a 17 year old boy, I have always went through times of depression, self harmed and had suicidal thoughts. 

Firstly let me just say one of the reasons I never speak about any of my problems is because of my age, I feel like how can someone at my age in my life be depressed and having these thoughts? There is so many more people in the world going through worse and here's me being a whiney teenager. 

Let me tell you a bit about myself, I have 5 siblings, I grew up with my mother and step dad for the first 10 years of my life, when I was 11 I found my real father, well he found me, he then left after 8 months to which my mother found a new boyfriend, they split up and then my dad came back into our lives, after 2 years of abuse from my dad when I was 14 it all ended after the police was involved, to which now I live with my mother and her current boyfriend, I have never really had a male father figure in my life, my step dad was never much of a father image to me, the closest I had was my uncle. 

I was bullied throughout my school years until I was 13 when I moved to a different school because of bullying, I told people in my new school that I just moved house and it was easier to go to this one. 

I have always been aggressive to my family, I was that kid you would see in the shop having a tantrum, but it got worse, I had physical fights with my mother, swore my head of at her, wrote all over my bedroom walls "I hate this family I wish they would all die" and similar things, I have put my hands around my mothers throat and threatened to kill her there and then because I couldn't get my own way, as you can tell I was way out of line, I never understood why I done these things, I hate myself for it, I look at other people and question myself "why can't I be normal like them?" 

I was basically that weird kid no one spoke to because well, why would you? 

But the thing is I hide everything well, I currently have a alright group of friends I suppose, they all think I'm just normal but it's because I lie about everything to make myself seem normal. 

I have had girlfriends before, I lost my virginity at 15, 'fell in love, got my heart broken', but like this post I just think why? I'm just a kid, how can anyone take that serious? I don't know anything in reality, there is people older who would laugh at me if I said that. 

It's not like I'm lonely, I have friends, I just can't speak to anyone, my mum knows very little about how I feel just that the weekend before the one just gone I wanted to end it all, lying in bed crying all night, yet I couldn't speak about anything. 

I hate the way I look, I'm 17 and look about 40 in my eyes, I am already balding, I have eye bags which are black and I'm getting fatter, I try to exercise but I have no motivation, everyone I know says I look older than I should, I hate it, I smoke weed frequently, I smoke because it makes me forget my problems and I can relax, the last couple of times though I was getting worse, becoming more depressed, seeing myself in different ways, it was horrible, all of my friends think that's my thing as I don't drink so I feel like I have to smoke it with them. 

I have been the doctors and been given a number to ring for appointments for counseling but I never bothered I don't think it would be useful, was it useful for you if you had it? 

Sorry if this is a wall of text, boring or didn't make sense I just felt like I should write it down, also sorry if this is the wrong subreddit, I'm kind of lost for this stuff, I wrote this on my phone and lost where I was writing, I will explain more in the comments if asked to