Funeral Planning - An Update Part TwoFor those who bother, this will be long.

It’s been 70 days since my last post and things have truly, slowly looked up. 

Until today. 

I feel numb. Empty. Probably because he is still talking to me at the moment and that’s why I don’t deeply feel the desire for death to wash over me yet. But soon I know I will feel it. I just wanted to post while I’m in a semi-sane (reasonable) frame of mind. 

Today his ex told him that he was no longer invited to the appointments for the baby. Because he was still hanging around me. 

I am his (almost only) source of support. I helped him get a better paying job in a better field. Not her. I scheduled him psychotherapy and psychiatry appointments and paid for the cost - without insurance for one of them (psychiatry) - and the cost of his medication to help him cope better. Not her. I can say without a single doubt that I am a contributing factor (not the cause, I’ll never claim that) as to why he is thriving now when before he was someone who bowed his head in unhappiness and did what he was told in a loveless relationship. That was her. The one who tore him down left and right. Expected him to change into a better person and didn’t want to put in any work. Meanwhile I have invested because he is a person I see as worthwhile and it was easy to support him in his betterment. Like breathing. It just happened. 

I realize that this doesn’t earn me a “cookie” or any obligations. I did this for him, not for a reward. 

He still doesn’t know if the child she is carrying is his or not. (They don’t want to risk an In uterine paternity test as it could harm the baby) 

According to the obstetrician, which she finally saw for the first time about a month ago, they calculated the date back to conception, with a supposed margin of error to be plus or minus less than one week. The date of conception lined up almost exactly the night of that party she went out and got drunk and fucked her ex. The margin of error is not big enough to encompass the last time they had sex around the conception date, which is two and a half to three weeks before the closest estimate, and nothing after. But we understand that things can happen and tests can be wrong. He was upset because he originally thought it was his like she said (he has wanted a family forever and she always said no) but now no one is sure. She was pissed that he wasn’t happy with rainbows and puppies at one of the ultrasounds because he realized that it could very well not be his. She told him he should be happy anyhow and he’s selfish for not being so.  

So here I am. On the phone with him as he cries completely devastated once again because he is being told that it’s me or the child again. Because she can’t handle that I actually give a shit about him whereas she’s only liked who he was after he started taking the meds to even himself out and she’s only interested now that he has a better paying job. She got so excited about the tax return aspect once she calmed down about the fact that she was pregnant. She’s already treating it like a paycheck. She has almost no domestic skills except the ability to clean because he always did the cooking and laundry and cared for the pets. We won’t find anything out about paternity until its birth in December. 

Bitch. You had thirteen years to treat him right and you never did. And now you want to get mad because he’s with someone who cares about him and you’re stuck without someone because you have a horrible controlling unsupportive personality?

Also, they have been having unprotected sex for 13 years. The ex she had sex with had a child already. He does not. He’s been with at least 4 different women over the course of that time in an unprotected manner (because she kept leaving him every time someone better came along) and still has had no children. Even me. And we had been tracking my feeble fertility and carefully been attempting at children at the supposed peak periods before during and after. 

I don’t know what to do. I’m not feeling suicidal JUST yet. But the fact that my funeral is being paid for and the arrangements have already been made is a sort of... comfort, almost, in the back of my mind. He is afraid that I’m going to kill myself because of the fact that last time he left me to support her when he found out she was pregnant (to which she not too long after shot him down and moved out of their place and left him to pay for it with their other roommates) I spoke with him, crying in my car, with a shotgun in my mouth, outside of the apartment where I found my ex dead after he fulfilled his promise of suicide. (The reason I go to therapy in the first place.)

Since that day I have told my parents to hide the guns and they have. I don’t know where they are now and I hadn’t gone looking. 

I feel so, so numb. My hobby of makeup has consumed part of my life and my finances as an attempted method to cope. About nine months ago I had a few beauty box samples and eyeliner. Today I have over 150 mid-end brand name eyeshadow palettes, over 160 quality nail polishes, over 130 quality lip products, and a modest smattering of everything else. It’s a financial strain. I am not in control. I obsessively pore over my collection. I’m in the middle of making a spreadsheet for it. That distracts me. I want to use the makeup to hide. If only eating it meant that I could be pretty on the inside.

I deal with loss of appetite and some form of anorexia, but not quite. It’s stress induced. I enjoy the feeling of starving and waking up weaker each morning as time goes on. It’s how I try to gain some form of control. 

I myself am a horrible person. It’s very hard to make friends and I don’t really keep up with people all that much because it’s SO mentally exhausting and draining and I feel so guilty for going long periods without talking to them because it just takes so much for me to even get the courage to speak to someone. 

I suffer greatly from crippling anxiety and I don’t take any meds. I have the worst personality ever - I am diagnosed as BPD and am consistently afraid that I will be the one in ten. I try to approach my mental crap with an awareness so that I have as low of a toxic personality as possible but sometimes it just explodes through. And while it’s very short lived and I maintain an awareness so that the damage is minimized, he doesn’t deserve that either. 

My job has been so kind and understanding and they are so amazing but I feel that I am wearing on them as well even with my FMLA. 

I burden my family, as after years and years of acting like a set standard so that I wouldn’t bother them as they never invested much into mental wellness, claiming that it’s just mind over matter and we could do anything (which I believe in to a point but of course the brain can get sick too) I am now somewhat showing just how broken I am. It’s new to them. They see just how depressed I can get sometimes. They see the suicide ideation and know I’m paying for my own funeral already whereas they are in their late 60s and haven’t even made any arrangements for anything. 

I try to be “good”. I try to make up for being alive. I try to contribute and talk and help. I just have a slew of excuses. I have a loving family. I have a lot of things other people would kill for and yet here I am feeling the way I do with this depression and these thoughts of death. I’m merely a whining child throwing tantrums because she doesn’t get what she wants. 

And he’s the only person I’ve met in my entire life (despite my personality I’ve met quite a few people) that understands me and vice versa. We talk of course, but we don’t even have to speak to one another and we already know everything. Each other’s pain. Hopes. Thoughts. Happy feelings. It’s something weird that I’ve never experienced before. And since we met 14 years ago it’s always helped me to not feel like I was alone. Because he was out there and all it took was a phone call or text or visit to get instant support. I would have to elaborate on finer details but he would understand every emotion I was feeling with just a glance. 

I’m tired. I can’t help him. I can’t help myself. I want everything to stop. Seeing him in pain is torture. And while I would be more understanding if the child was undoubtedly his, I have no right to try to convince him to stay around me. Not when there is a child at stake. He doesn’t want to stop communicating with me either. But she won’t relent. And it’s driving him insane. I’m doing everything I can to try to keep him together while he is experiencing weakness and suffering. But I’m tired. I want to break down and have that luxury of someone comforting me. I can’t right now. I have to be strong. I have to smile and support and gently guide him to the things that would hurt him the least. I don’t know what they are. Right now it seems the easiest course of action is to separate. I don’t want him to bow his head to her again and become basically a modern servant again. I don’t want to be left alone. 

There is no loneliness in death. There’s no confusion. No anxiety. No crop of mental bullshit that happens to get you classified as BPD. there’s nothingness. I find nothingness to be peaceful. I want peace. I want the flames of mortal destruction. I want my mind to shut up. 

Yes. I want to die. But at this moment I am not actively doing anything about it. 