on again off again.... things should be good, but they just arenthey, I'm not really sure what to say in this kind of thing, other than I think it would be best if I had at least someone/something watching me right now..

i'm just so disorganized and frantic.. for a bunch of reasons, but I'll try to keep it short. 

Back in Oct 2012, I broke up with my bf of three years (entire college career at the time), over an "affair" with one of our best friends (also his roommate). Long story short, I was emotionally cheating on my bf and we decided it was best to break it off (his friend confessed he was in love with me and had all these pent up feelings for me for which I was interested in him too). (i recently posted a huge rant on /r/relationships in trying to figure all this out

 the two of them have been my only real friends for years, and for countless circumstances I've been living with both of them..

Recently I've been told by both of them in one way or another that the interest in me was only about sex or convenience, and not an actual interest in me as a person. All in all the whole experience has caused me to suffer from pretty bad anxiety attacks, cutting, a few attempts at od'ing and a heavy lean on pain medication to just get through the day. I've gained a ton of weight in the past year, and have become generally unhappy in every aspect of myself physically. 

My family and co-workers all see me as this type-A good girl, who can do no wrong,and smiles all the time. my parents are extremely religious and I'm pretty antisocial so I dont have any close friends besides the two boys..

i'm graduating next week with a bachelors, and i got hired at a job in my major which pays well, and plan to move into an apt on my own.

i feel horrible for even submitting this because i know in comparison to most people i must seem spoiled or just asking for attention, but i honestly just feel like giving up

i'm heart broken, i was used emotionally and physically for months on end, the two people i trusted in this world stabbed me in the back, and my parents when i confronted them about everything just tell me to suck it up and move forward. if i seek counseling i could lose my position as i need security clearance and I cant get it if i have a record of being emotionally compromised, but i just dont see any point in moving forward. 

ive been sitting alone now for a few days contemplating everything. weighing my options, because i know failure will only result in me losing anything good that i have. i feel like im just causing nothing but heartache for everyone, but realistically i dont want to move forward. i dont feel like i make a positive impact on anyone i meet or in anything i do, and the people who do see me as positive only know me as a fake..



..fuck
tldr; i'm acting like a spoiled fuck who has a lot of good going on, because i dont see the point in moving forward when the only people i love use me and the world sees me for a fake