Pouring my heart out before the endHere's the brief history of me before I cease to exist.

Born in Arizona to military family. Immediately moved to Hawaii. Went to preschool and kindergarten there. Also got Crash Bandicoot trilogy for the PS1 from my Hawaiian Studies teacher. 

Moved back to Arizona for elementary school. Can't remember much besides the best golden retriever ever. Also break my wrist riding on the handlebars of Sister 1's bike. 

Moved to Southern Virginia. Mom went crazy from sometime around here due to a severe case of glaucoma. She quit her job and sat at home. She's doing better, just got a new job in her 50s. Sister 1 got a little Yorkshire Terrier, skipped a bunch of hillbilly high school to watch Maury and try drugs. She's doing better. Golden Retriever suffered through puppy Yorkie while she slowly died from cancer. We put her down instead. I miss you G, you were the perfect dog and I should've loved you more. 

Moved to Northern Virginia. Went to middle school and high school here. Mom and Dad both deployed. Sister 2 got into heavy drugs. Friend went to mental institution. Another friend committed suicide by revolver. I became deeply depressed and gave up my stupid dream of being a game developer. 

Junior year. Get super into drawing. Find Mark Crilley on YouTube. Draw everyday. Fill up sketchbooks with depressing art and sexy anime babes. Realize I don't have what it takes to be an artist after years of little progress. Give up.

Graduate HS with advanced diploma. Go to community college and work at McDonald's part-time. Complete math and drop out of English due to conflicts between me and professor. Quit McDonalds after 3 weeks.

Spend 14-18 hours a day on YouTube. Hardly eat. Spend most time in bed. Masturbate profusely. Realize I'm on a fast train to nowhere. Try to join Air Force, fail 2 specialty tests and am told I will wait 6 months to ship and I'll get my job after BMT. Fuck that.

Enlist in army with bonus. Try to weasel out of it because I am a weak pathetic insect. Somehow pass. Get to job training. Like job. Pass #4 in class. Get to real army. Sucks terribly.

Go to behavioral health because I think about suicide constantly, don't clean room, rarely eat, don't sleep. Get fed some B's and given pills that didn't do anything for me. Try another psychologist. Same deal. 

Become dead inside and focus solely on job. Fast tracked on promotions. Waivered to E4. Graduated 17 out of 162 at NCO academy. Be on color guard.

I still fucking hate this lonely empty existence. I probably die from cancer anyways, 3/4 grandparents had it. Never felt loved, accepted, or had deep close relationships.

There's no point in living a life like this. It doesn't matter how good I am at my job, doesn't matter what my college degree is.

I'm sick of being a ghost in this world.