The thing no one tells youPeople will always say “what if it gets better tomorrow and you kill yourself before you get the chance to see it get better?”. Well, speaking in a logical sense if things haven’t gotten better and only gotten worse for 7 straight years, using deductive reasoning I suppose I believe that tomorrow or next Thursday isn’t going to be the fuckin day that my brain changes. That’s the part no one understands, that your brain is quite literally making you feel a way that you can’t explain, you aren’t given a way to express the thoughts you have and you have no idea why they are there and how they exist in the first place. The thing about common sense is that it’s significantly less common than it should be, you wouldn’t tell a cancer patient that if they fight cancer next Monday could be the day it all gets better. The thing no one realizes, therapists, psychiatrists , family , and friends alike will never understand is that you don’t have any idea how to fix your mind. You don’t have an explanation for how depression got there, you can’t explain why the thought of death is so much more soothing than the thought of life. My point is I don’t expect anyone to understand, throughout years of “talking about it” and explaining a mindset to people I’ve discovered that every single person is truly unique. The way I feel is going to be different than someone else, the things that plague me will always be a very unexplainable way of mental fuckery. If the thought of death is the only thing that brings me peace maybe I know something no one else does, maybe I’ve discovered that life truly is meaningless because evolution will never stop and in another thousand years humans will be considered as dinosaurs are today. Everything is meaningless in the grand scheme of things, a purpose is a social construct that was made to make people feel like every action they commit has some deeper meaning behind it. It doesn’t, we live for a small portion of the universe and we will never be able to leave our mark on anything more than a blink of an eye in the entirety of the universe.