I was about to do itThe belt was around my neck, I pulled it till I felt pressure but I couldn’t find the courage to go through with it. At that moment I didn’t feel anything but right now it hit me like a brick. This is not normal, you’re not supposed to do this. 
The thing is this is not over I’m gonna have to try this again tomorrow, there is just no choice left. I fucked up big time this is my only logical solution. I failed out of school and I’ve been lying to my parents about going to school this past year and they are gonna probably find out tomorrow in the afternoon. Telling them the truth is not an option, they’re narcissists they’ll never understand, they are the cause of all my problems. 
This is not the only reason, I have no friends, no gf, nothing. It’s just me all day everyday and I’m tired of it. Everyday is the same it’s just spent on reddit or YouTube and I can’t do that anymore. I have never experienced anything I have just been at home my whole life other than school. Locked in this prison with no freedom. Basics thing are foreign to me whatever I know about normal life is from tv and movies. To cope I just have conversations with myself all day, this is not right. There is no future left for me here. 
It seems the universe wants me gone, literally nothing has ever gone my way. Every decision I made was the wrong one. Everyday I hope it will get better but it just gets shittier. My home environment is so bad the atmosphere here is like a war zone, stress levels just shoot up when I’m here. Literally the conflict is over something so minuscule, other normal people would consider the cause of this conflict to be a positive thing but here it’s not. It seems like sanity reversed in this house. 
There is no way I can get out of this certainly not alone. The drive and motivation will have to be tremendous but I simply don’t have that In me. It seems all that is left for me to do is find the courage to go through with it tomorrow . Literally I’ve cut it right to the deadline. I knew this day would come but I had hoped I would have found a solution by now, that was just wishful thinking. 
It was hard for me to read many of the posts here. It made me feel sad and helpless. The suffering of the world is too much for me to bare. Some of you people are in such tough situations and some of you are so young. I wish I could’ve helped you but I can’t even help myself. Fuck society for losing all honour and empathy. For the prosperity of a few it takes blood and tears of many. I don’t think that is a worthwhile exchange but what I can I do, all I can do is whine and cry. 
I don’t know why I’m posting this here, I don’t even know if anyone’s gonna read it. there is certainly no way out of this, but maybe one of you guys may know of a miracle. 