feeling absolutely hopelessI'm so tired of being boring. I hate the fact that everyone around me is so uninterested in me. I've had so many friends now tell me that I'm just  „Not funny" and it crushes me. It completely and entirely crushes my soul, my dreams, everything. I've wanted to be a standup comedian since I was in kindergarten. I have tried so fucking hard to be funny, I've done so much work just to be funny. I just want people to like me. I just want people to be focused on me and for me to be able to help them be happier about their lives even if I'm suffering, I just want to positively contribute for once instead of just continuing to waste oxygen.   


 But this is now the 16th friend, yes I've counted, who's told me I'm not funny, I'm boring, and they had to resort to doing something else while I was talking to them. I posted about this on r/advice but honestly, I don't know If I even want advice. My dreams are all fucking stupid and not going to happen. My parents tell me to have more realistic dreams, like being a teacher for subjects I don't even understand. I have so many things I want to do.  


 There are so many things I want to tell people and do in my life but I have been told so many fucking times in my life to give up when I haven't even really tried anything yet.  If nobody believes in me, maybe there's a reason for that. If nobody thinks its funny, it's not my audience it's me. If nobody likes me, then I should like myself.   


If everyone including myself hates me, then what's the fucking point of me being here at all.  I ruin everyone's lives around me daily. I have severe depression and anxiety that's only getting worse by the day. Everyone around me thinks that I'm faking it or that it's just a "label" the doctor uses and it's nothing real or important.   


My parents get mad because they think I'm wasting their money by going to my psychiatrist  
 (they always complain about how expensive it is because our insurance won't cover it and that hopefully, I feel "less depressed" since it was so expensive. )  


I'm a burden still being alive. I won't do anything good in my life and everyone knows it. I've met people who say stuff like "bUt YoU dOn'T kNoW iF yOu TrY ReALly HaRd yOu CoUld Do AlOt Of GoOD" but those exact same people will get to know me and then become reluctant to say the same thing usually saying something like how I should lower my ambitions and look into working retail for the rest of my life or another more "realistic" option.    


Overall, if I slit my wrists right this second, nothing is lost. Maybe my family would be a bit upset, but when they don't have to pay for all my expenses anymore when they get a chance to do something other than listen to me talk for hours when they don't have to hear my poor excuse of writing and see my worthless art, I'm sure they won't be complaining.   


Everyone else will be happy. I'm sure there are a few people who might actually celebrate my death. I wouldn't be surprised if after I died every single one of my friends/ ex-friends thought, "things are better now that he's dead." I would be more surprised if any of them were sad at all. I'm trying to fight the urge to do something to hurt myself atm, but it's so fucking hard. I've never felt so hopeless and alone in my entire existence. I'm sorry.