I want to go to sleep and never wake up.Some background information first.

As you might see on my profile, I have t posted in a year. I don’t think I ever will again after this post anyways.

I’m chinese, and my family immigrated tot eh west coast when I was 6. My family is relatively wealthy, but my mom caused me to develop severe anxiety issues. My parents got divorced when I was in 3rd grade and I had been living with my mom ever since, until last year. 

The Chinese education system is extraordinarily painful and hard to fit in, and my mom (who lived in the US after the divorce) threatened to send me back to China (my dad lives in Beijing) if I didn’t do what she said. One day I had enough, and decided to come back to China. 

Every since I arrived in china, I accomplished many things, and my marks went from the bottom all the way up to 7th place in my grade. I also lost 20 kilograms, got a girlfriend, and is now the communist youth league secretary of my grade. However some things caused me to fall into a bottomless pit of depression. 


Firstly, I almost pity my classmates in china. Most of them are from working class families are the thought of them studying until they break or working themselves to death is a painful thought. Also, I had more faith in the communist party before my arrival. Now I am wondering what the Chinese communist party really serves. 

The educational system of China also bothers me. It seems like they are torturing kids just for them to get higher scores, and it’s breaking me. I feel like this way of “learning” is wasting my life away. My dad planned out a great route for me in the future with me studying abroad in many countries and going to many places, but I honestly think the future is bleak. Everyday I wake up at 6:30 and start class and go to bed at midnight after I’m done reading the wealth of nations (which my dad has forced to read) and this is going to be my life for many more years to come and I honestly am looking forward to retirement. 

My parents divorce had caused them to become arch enemies, and I am in the middle of it all. I don’t want to handle this, and I can’t. I honestly don’t know what to do, and the only way to release pressure I have is to masturbate several times a day and get drunk once in a while.