I keep having thoughts of suicide, but I'm too scared to do it, but I'm more scared of living with the thoughts.These thoughts make me feel alone, like there's no hope, and I hate this feeling of rock bottom and the lack of assistance that is down here.

It seems like there are so many forms of assistance for many other forms of being at some form of rock bottom, whether is financial or physically disabling.
I know many of those assistances in life aren't always flawless or that great, but it feels like there's nothing for this level of anxiety, depression, and suicidal thoughts that I'm experiencing.

I'm 24 and I've tried community college, university, part-time work, full-time work, exericising, whatever medication my general practitioners have thrown my way, etc.
Nothing has really helped that much, except for therapy and I feel like I'm hitting my limit of benefit for that.

I'm left with nothing, I don't have a job, I don't go to school, and I can barely get out of bed every day.
I see no excitement, happiness, motivation, etc. in my future. Not later in my day that helps me get out of bed or later in life that I can look forward to "pushing through" these feelings.

I wish someone or something could help, but it doesn't seem like that's ever going to happen. That thought is what keeps giving me suicidal thoughts. What's the fucking point if I'm so fucking apathetic that nothing is enjoyable? What's the fucking point if I feel anxiety and depression more than any other emotion? All I can feel anymore is anxiety, depression, and comfort.

I just wanna feel like I whole, happy, functioning person. I don't wanna die, but living is fucking hard and I can't make these feelings and thoughts fuck off.

Edit: Also, I don't understand suicide prevention. Shouldn't there be help for people who feel suicidal? Help that actually helps stop the suicidal feelings and thoughts, not just prevents them? I don't want to be stopped from killing myself, I want to to stop thinking about it, I want to stop being depressed, I want to stop being anxious over everything.