I'm miserableHey guys, never thought I'd find myself here. I'm 20 years old, active duty in the military, and I absolutely hate my life. I have a good friend group but I can never find the courage to tell them how I feel. I failed the school for a job I originally planned on doing while being weeks away from graduating. I'm now working a job where my superiors do not value me or my friends well being at all and I am beyond physically and emotionally exhausted. I feel like a total failure, I feel out of place in this position, I feel like I don't belong, I feel like my youth has been drained out of me. 

I lost the love of my life after we had been together for 3 years because of the distance. I loved her so much, and now she's gone. Everyone told me I was going to be so happy, and so successful before I left for bootcamp, now I dread going back home because I feel like such a fucking failure.

I was physically abused as a kid, and I grew up with the advice of "being a man" rather than talking about my feelings. I feel like such a fucking pussy everytime I want to talk about how sad and miserable I am. I was raped as well and I finally confessed to my family about it before I left when I was informed my rapist was attending my going away party. My confession was met with skepticism and doubt for the most part, you know, the whole "women can't rape men" thing. lol. 

I have nothing I look forward to in my day anymore. I used to look forward to just a shower at the end of the day, and we no longer have hot water. The gym doesn't even make me happy anymore. I have spent my whole life sprinting from my problems and I feel like I'm crawling now. I am tired of running guys. I'm tired of feeling miserable. I look in the mirror and all I can see is a fucking idiot that looks dead inside. I just want to be fucking happy. I never had a childhood, I was forced to grow up so fast. I feel like I can't go to anyone. I just want to die. I don't have a plan, but I spend all day thinking about how awesome it would be if I could just end my miserable life. I'm sorry if this isn't significant enough to be on here guys 