It's getting harderI don't know why I as of recently I found myself here, pouring my thoughts out to unknown people, it's unlike me. I guess it's my way to cope, so I guess I'm venting? Or should I call this a diary now? However, every day gets harder and harder without you. The medication has finally started kicking in, and I am numb, really numb, but only physically. My mind is just as tortured, and my thoughts are still there. I still don't want to go on, and I deserve to die, painfully. I miss you every single moment of the day, and my love for you has never faded even slightly, it might be crazy, but I love you more and more as time passes, even if we haven't talked in a while. I miss you really badly. God I'd give everything to get to hear your voice again, to get to hear your sweet "I love you" one more time. The sound of your lips, everything. Today I opened my phone and accidentally opened my folder with pics of you. The sight of your face got me weak, and me almost burst out crying. You've got the face of an angel, do you know that? And that angel look matches you from inside out, in all aspects, pure perfection. My family's making things even harder. God, I feel so miserable. I hope you're doing well right now, I'm praying for you every day. I hope you got the therapy that you need to fight those things that we both know that need attendance. Hope that also school's alright for you, and that you've been eating properly, and that you're family hasn't been tough on you, especially that retarded dad of yours. I wish I could've been there for you physically. You know, I'm so afraid at night to sleep, I fear dreaming of you, dreaming of us being together again, talking, having fun, hearing your beautiful voice and laugh, and then to wake up to nothingness again. I don't want to wake up anymore, and it's been more and more intense as days pass. I hate myself and I deserve everything that's worse in life, but I swear I never cheated, and hope you'll always know that my love for you is pure. Before my death, I want to bear your name on my body, because you'll always be my soulmate and everything in this world for me. I swear I always did my best to keep you happy, healthy and safe, and to make your day better, but I'm sorry I've always been lacking, that I've never been good at comforting you. I hate myself too, but man, thank you for an amazing year, and for the best year of my life. I've never been happier. You made me feel whole, special and loved. I love you. More than you could ever imagine. Even if it sounds retarded, I'd give my life if that meant I could be part of your life again. I'd give everything to see you happy. Whatever you're doing, please stay safe and healthy, little angel. I love you.