I think it's about time for me to goI might as well tell my story, though it will be pretty condensed.

I didn't want to go to college, my parents begged me to, so I did. Changed my major twice, and i'm two semesters away from graduating. 

My dad used to tell me how worthless I was, how i'd let him down and could never make it right, starting in middle school if I brought bad grades home. It stopped when my grades got better. I got a job and didn't even make enough to pay for my gas there and back. Manager was an alcoholic who liked to throw things at the employees and go on tirades anytime anything was wrong, though that was actually one of the better times in my life.

I'm starting to see a bit of success as a musician, but i'm not totally self-sufficient yet, and my dad makes all of the money for the family at a management job where he answers emails and phone calls at home and never leaves the house. He smokes, drinks and eats heavily, and hasn't seen any adverse health effects, though he frequently tells me and my mom that we eat too unhealthy and need to lose weight. Just a lot of verbal and emotional abuse, in general.

My mom has always been in my corner, but she's powerless against dad. It's an old school family where money is more important than love, and family members who can't magically be successful are essentially worthless. My mom continually tells me they'd never kick me out, but if my dad decided to, she couldn't stop it from happening. 

As far as college, I transferred from community college, where I did my basic classes to save money, and now am hitting wall after wall due to the prerequisite system. My dad seems to think i'm intentionally delaying everything, though it's completely the opposite. There are zero overrides for any reason, so i'm stuck taking 2 classes per semester when I could have graduated a year ago. Today, I told him I had two semesters left. Somewhere, he got the idea I only had one more, and went into one of his temper tantrums where he puts his head in his hands and gives everyone the silent treatment. He passive-aggressively insults everyone until he snaps out of it.

I've told my mom multiple times that I might just need to check out of life, for their happiness. I know i'm a financial burden. I'm extremely helpful around the house, run all of their errands, wash the dishes, take all of the trash out, vacuum, wash the floors, handle making all appointments for things like appliance repairs and pest control visits, BUT i'm not making enough money to support myself, so all of this goes out the window, it just isn't important. 

Last year, I had a three-day episode where I was on autopilot. I went to classes, went to work, etc, completely checked out of reality, my mental space completely occupied by planning my own suicide. I planned to make videos for each of my parents and friends, talk about good memories, etc. I have no recollection of those three days. I woke up on day four and realized what happened, it was pretty shocking.

I honestly don't believe I have any sort of mental health problems. I want to leave due to life things, things I can't control that affect everyone differently. After this many years of not being able to figure out even a short-term solution, I believe they're just insurmountable unless I were to win the lottery. My area is not expensive to live in, but there are zero good jobs. It's a miracle to get a $12/h job, but that isn't nearly enough to live on. It's all small businesses, as well, no hope for benefits. To find apartments at all, you're driving an hour away. It's all houses here. I don't have nearly enough money to move anywhere far away. As much money as I have, it amounts to nothing.

I have a lot of friends and, if I just had a livable income at a job that wasn't insane hour-wise, i'd have an amazing and happy life. I'm sure plenty of others have the same story.

It just sucks to feel this way as someone who's otherwise mentally healthy. 

Earlier this year, I had a date planned, May 20th. I'd had it planned for a year, because something major was going down that I had no power to control, and wouldn't be able to happily live past. Things changed, the thing didn't happen, I was so relieved. I wasn't disappointed, I really don't want to die at all, but if something were to happen to where I didn't feel like I could keep living past it, it'd be time for me to go. 

I hope everyone's doing okay. I will be here in a few hours, I just figured i'd write this out while I was down so it was honest.  