There's no point to lifeEspecially during this quarantine.  Work slowed way down and I was put on standby and am currently waiting on unemployment to come through.  I sleep a lot and the days have blended together.  It's only been a little over a week but it feels like it's been a month.  

When I did have a job, it was low paying, and I was stuck there.  I couldn't, for the life of me, find another or better job.  I'm stuck because I need the healthcare attached to this job.  I'm stuck because I'm a terrible resume builder, I'm a terrible interviewer, and I can't even get a response 99% of the time with my applications. 

I'm sick.  I'm poor.  I'm sad.  I'm fat.  And I can't change any of those aspects. 
I'm a T1 diabetic that will need insulin for the rest of my life.  There is no cure, there is no changing that.  It dominates my life and everything I do I have to plan around it.  
I'm poor.  I make barely over minimum wage, I can't afford to travel.  I can't afford to have nice things or hobbies that I enjoy.  I don't know how to change my financial situation, I'm stuck.  
I'm sad as fuck.  I'm terrible with people, the only girl that gives a fuck about me on this entire planet lives 2000 miles away.  She has an established career and cannot move here.  I'm too poor and suck at finding a job and with my health issues I cannot move to her.  I miss her a lot, but I don't know if I can just sit here waiting for something to happen.  Here where I am currently, even if I were to try, I'm terrible with women and can hardly get a snapchat or a phone number.  Where as my co-workers all seem to get laid and date whoever they want with very little effort.  
I'm pretty fat.  I have no will power to restrict what I eat.  No will power to go to the gym or run.  I'm exhausted when I come home from work and have no time or energy to better myself.  At the end of a tiring day all I want is some comfort food to feel a tiny bit better about my life and that's it.  My weight has been increasing ever since about 2017 or so and plateaued around 2019.  But I'm just all jiggle and rolls and not a shred of muscle.  I don't like what I see in the mirror but I don't have the will power to go to the gym day after day for weeks before I see the smallest shred of improvement.    

I can't even drown my sorrows in alcohol.  I have the Asian flush pretty bad and before I've downed 2 drinks I'm red faced and ready to throw up.  The one thing in life that perhaps could have helped me socially, is off limits to me.  The one thing that perhaps could have gotten me loosened up and more comfortable in social situations is gone.  My life is like a fucked up joke.  

I'm introverted as fuck.  Quiet, easily forgettable.  If I don't reach out to anyone, no one will reach out to me.  As a result, life is pretty lonely.  I'm tired as fuck of life already.  I see people who have things so much better than me.  I wish I could have been more outgoing and extroverted, and craved the company of people.  Those kinds of people seem to be much more valued by society and seem to get by some how in the end.  I knew a guy that worked at a dutch bros and he was super friendly and outgoing and worked his way up the ladder and now has his own place, nice things, and cars, and seems to enjoy waking up every day for work.  

Life sucks.  The future holds nothing but death and sadness of pets and family members.  There's really nothing to look forward to.  My life seems to have peaked long ago and even then, that peak was pretty fucking small.  I'm so tired.