The darkest night of my lifeI have become more resilient and grown emotionally since December 31st, 2018.  I have suffered from severe depression and anxiety for years as well as a severe case of agoraphobia and i have been on and off various antidepressant, mood stabilizers and anti psychotics for years,but a year prior to the previous date the depression, anxiety and agoraphobia grew progressively worse, and things took a really negative turn.

 I was seeing a psychiatrist but missed many of my appointments due to the agoraphobia. The agoraphobia was so bad i could not leave the house for several months.  I would cry for hours on end every single day, could not get out of bed every single day, was irritable and very angry and argued with my family often. It got worse and worse until December 31st, 2018. On the night of that December things reached its peak. Something needed to happen and I was getting nowhere fast. I just felt so hopeless and worthless. Then things took a drastic turn and my life would be altered as i knew it.

My dad was in the living room talking on the phone and my mom was asleep upstairs. I had finally had it up to here with life and plunged a  large kitchen knife into my abdomen. My dad  immediately dropped the phone and ran to the kitchen. The commotion woke my mom up and she ran downstairs.  They called 911. The police came and asked how i was still able to stand even though i had stabbed myself and the wound was pretty deep.  The officer thought i was on drugs. He couldn't believe that i was still standing. I was not on anything that night and told the cop that. I then walked out to the waiting ambulance with a bath towel over my wound to stop some of the bleeding. I was taken to a hospital and they cleaned me up and stitched my wounds. This was surgically closed later on.

I was in the psychiatric ward for a total of nine days. When I first got admitted I was put into the observation room where doctors and mental health professionals could look in and observe my behavior through a large window. There was always someone with me at all times, and I had to be watched while I showered and went to the bathroom since i was on suicide watch. After nine grueling days and nights I was finally discharged from the facility. I can never erase or change what happened that night, but along with all the negatives, there was some positive that came out of this whole ordeal. I learn many new coping skills and also learned how to be more resilient in the face of setbacks and adversity. I go to all my psychiatric and medical appointments and was even in group therapy for awhile. I currently take two anti depressants, and an anti psychotic. I walk on my treadmill for 10-20 minutes a day and do various stretches. I practice mindfulness on various apps. One of my favorites is the calm app. I journal sometimes and read a lot of inspiring articles.  I spend a lot of my time watching youtube videos about ASMR and various interests. I am also currently taking a positive psychology and mental health course free on Coursera.

I could go into much more detail but it would be too long. I felt i should share my story on here to help someone currently experiencing a mental health crisis or suicidal thoughts. If my story helps only one person, than taking the time to write and share it will be well worth it.worth it. I don't want someone to go through this horrible situation like I did. There are too many resources out there, many of them at little to no cost to help you.  A website i love is [adaa.org](https://adaa.org). They have many inspiring articles and information on all kinds of mental health issues There is always hope. Don't give up. There are also many different things you can do to help yourself, but sometimes you need to ask for help.

The important thing is I survived this, but you can prevent this ordeal from happening to you. If you are experiencing suicidal thought or have it planned out, get help immediately. If you have to call 911 or go to a local emergency room do so. There are many options please don't do something you'll regret. Suicide is serious business and has serious consequences. You are loved and are not alone in your struggle.