Just because I don’t know where else to put thisI used to read this sub to get out of the dark place. Something about knowing I wasn’t alone helped push me over the pit. If only a few millimeters. I’m hoping this can do the same for someone else....

I’ve always struggled. While I had a really really positive childhood with two good parents, I seemed to have really violent swings of sadness since middle school. When I got into romance and dating it seemed to get worse. When I was in high school I had a long term girlfriend that led to my first real heartbreak. I think I had the hardest time dealing with it because the end of the relationship was my fault. Fast forward to the end of college and I’d gotten married to my best friend and that too bit the dust after 5 years in an abrupt change of heart from my then wife that left me in shambles. 

I spent a couple of years in therapy. I took antidepressants. I moved back in with my parents for a while. I tried to reboot my life and figure out how to survive. I’m not sure I was every really truly happy but I think I was making it work. I put so much work into that and I’m proud of myself for it. 

One of the things that I learned about myself in therapy and during that time of reflection was that I have some incredibly deep seeded self worth issues. It’s like I grew up in an abusive house or something. My therapist helped me figure out it was from my dad habitually leaving me hanging as a kid. It didn’t seem like anything until I took a step back and connected the dots. 

As an adult I have this insanely strong reaction to disappointment.  Especially when people I love cancel plans or flake. It’s a trigger from all the times I wanted to spend time with my dad, who was constantly working, and he would cancel everything in the eleventh hour. I remember sitting and waiting for the hours to tick by for that activity we talked about doing together and then sitting in my room crying when the inevitable “maybe another time” or mood swing rolled around. As I got older I thought I got better at dealing with it but I’ve realized I just stopped crying about it. 

 I need external validation. I don’t think I’m good at anything unless someone whose approval I’m seeing let’s me know it’s good to a degree that actually resonates with me. It’s such a liability in my life and it’s been that way since I was a kid. I feel like I was so desperate for my dads approval with all the stuff I was doing and trying to be good at that the criticism just started to weigh on me more and more. I was really really into basketball and had a ton of potential on the court. I remember him screaming super critical things at me from the sidelines of games he would go to. It was such a regular thing that I would be relieved when he was out of town for a game. I started playing scared. Now I feel like I do everything scared...or thinking it’s not good enough. I feel like I’m not good enough. Even as an adult I find myself vying for his approval in the hobbies and interests I’ve picked up. A whiff of it brings back all the childhood euphoria of thinking there would be a great father son moment and the same downward spiral comes when he inevitably changes his mind. 

Sons need their fathers. I know he always did his best. His dad walked out on him when he was really young  so he learned how to be a dad from TV shows. He always provided a good life for our family and that’s more than he ever had from his dad. I wish he knew how much he meant to me. 

The hardest part of being a person who needs validation is when you fall in love. I met this girl earlier this year and while we didn’t immediately hit it off, over the summer we reconnected and there were fireworks like I hadn’t felt since I was married. I’d dated a little previous to that and remember telling my mom I just didn’t think I could fall in love the same way anymore. It was amazing to find out I could and be able to give those feelings to someone who felt the same way. 

A few moths ago we got into this horrific car crash. She had multiple emergency surgeries and had to stay out of town with her family for a few months to recover. I moved down there for a bit. We got crazy serious. All of the sudden there were open conversations about kids and moving together and she told me in the moments after the crash and in the ICU there was no one else she wanted by her side. I ate it up and turned into this Superman of a boyfriend I didn’t even know I had in me. I feel like if I had given my ex wife half of that my story would be different. Well...Things abruptly changed for her. All of the sudden she wanted to slow down and was scared of the future. We worked it out, reconnected, and hit this stride that I though was finally about to be it. Last week, two days before she was finally supposed to come back home, it all came crashing down. All of the sudden she “couldn’t give me what I deserved” and “couldn’t see her self doing the things for me that I was doing for her”. I knew she was skiddish and had come to terms with it but I also didn’t think I would be put out to pasture if and when things got scary for her. I was so confused and so hurt  because for every “new truth” I was hearing from her there were 10 things she said that contradicted it from less than a week before. She said her ex was easier to love... That she had an easier time giving things to him. 

I think that’s what did it. 

I’m not here because of her. I’m here because I need external validation. I’m here because I put too much stock in what other people think about me and whether or not I feel like they think what I’m doing is good enough. I’m here because I feel small, and like a failure. I feel like my mind is so screwed up that I can’t process grief and loss in a healthy way without it tearing down every positive thought I’ve ever had about myself. 

I’m miserable. I’ve been miserable for years and I just don’t feel like trying to claw my way back only to feel lukewarm about life and STILL feel like I’m not good enough. I admire people who can process things normally. I’m not one of them. 

My grandfather died before I was born. He shot himself in the head. My biggest fear has always been me following in his footsteps and meeting the same fate. This is why. 

Sorry. I didn’t know where else to put this.