MelancholicI've been working the same job for a year. For a year I've been sexually harassed on multiple occasions. Whether it be people pulling my hair and telling me my handle is tight today, or "you lookin for me baby" as I walk by my coworkers. I am belittled and roadblocked from doing my job constantly by people who are not in my department. I have been told to smile because it makes me look prettier on days where all I want is to hurt myself.
I have no desire to self harm because ultimately the pain doesn't distract me. It compounds and makes my depression much worse. Every relationship I've had in my life has become sour eventually. That is all I'm used to. I am currently with someone I don't feel I deserve, my friends of years gnore me and post insensitive things online about how when you complain it does nothing, so you shouldn't. I have nobody to talk to who really cares or truly hopes to see me progress. I am constantly depressed or on edge. I have a place with my boyfriend and an ex army room mate who screamed in my face whilst I was  unknowingly pregnant. I miscarried later, which made me call out of work for two days as I passed my child. I was written up for calling out of work, though I know people with worse attendance. The person who wrote me up doesn't work at the same facility but in an office off property. I was forced to disclose my miscarriage to a stranger. I have never felt more worthless and since then I haven't gotten back to where or who I was. I have lost enjoyment in most things and every day I have these passive thoughts of jumping from the roof of my work, or stepping in front of a bus. I am aggressive to people I care about and I'm easily annoyed and I can't control it. I just want to live in a world where grown men conduct themselves better than I do, a 22 year old woman. I hate the idea of waking up, I hate going to sleep. I hate eating, I hate money, I hate living this way. Nothing seems to work for me, I think it's time I found a solution. Logically to me, the only option is to end it considering I've always been treated this way, through school, at my jobs, in my family and relationships, I just always manage to fuck up or end up unhappy. I want to end my life so the struggling ends. I want to feel nothing versus continual shame and disappointment in myself and everyone around me. I cant get help because of my financial situation, so it looks like I have only a few options left. I just don't know what to do anymore.