I'm at the end.This is long so you can skip to the last paragraph if you want. I don't really know where to start or how to begin. I'm 25 years old. I've been lurking on this sub for a long time. I've always thought about posting but it hasn't been until this morning that I'm finally reached the breaking point. I'm a medically retired marine diagnosed with PTSD and TBI. I was deployed to Afghanistan in 2011. I have many counselors and sessions. I was suicidal when I first came back from my deployment 4 years ago. Eventually I ended up in rehab when I was still active duty for drinking and there is were they diagnosed me with PTSD and TBI. 

When I got out of there I was 5'7 and weighed 128 pounds. I started going to the gym and that became my sanctuary. Almost a year and a half after rehab I was 160 pounds and doing triathlons, swim meets and volleyball. I was about 3 months away from being discharged and things were looking up. Then I met a girl. Another marine and I had never had any experience with female marines because I was in the infantry. We got on so well. We were practically inseparable for the next 3 months. I was falling for her hard and fast. She had just got out of a relationship so I wanted to take it slow. But eventually the time came for me to go home and that's when I asked her to be my girlfriend. 

It started out long distance, only 7 hour drive. After a couple months she got discharged and followed me to my hometown. We got and apartment together and plans to start school. We had our problems living together. We had many fights but we always made up. She kind of mistreated me in many ways. She was verbally and on a few occasions physically abusive. I wasn't perfect either. I lied about my drinking and I had relapsed a couple times and she hated that I wasn't strong enough to not drink. But I was still deeply in love with her and never did anything to directly hurt her. We started couple counseling free through the VA. But every session she always made it seem to be my fault for everything and all I wanted us to do was make it. She had a lot of problems as well. Her dad was dead, she had an abortion when she was 16 and would cry all the time about her "baby". I would comfort her as much as I could. She would always talk to so many guy friends and always complained about her exes even though it seemed like she was always seining from one guy to the next without fixing things. So the beginning of this year in January she was very homesick. Eventually we agreed for her to move across the country back to her hometown to be closer to her mom. We packed up the apartment and she took our puppy we bought together. I was going to move there once she found a house and I was ready. 

Well to make a long story short, she left me. I was devastated. She told me she started going on dates with this guy at her gym. I wended up in the hospital for a week because I was going to kill myself and my counselor had me taken to a VA hospital. I was devastated. I got out of the hospital and she contacted me and was sorry and apologized and of course because I love her and always will, and have no backbone, I took her back. A month after I took her back, she told me again that she has a new boyfriend. A completely different guy. She said she was done with me and to leave her alone. I begged her to let me fly there so we could fix this and she started calling me crazy and threatened me with a restraining order. She even called my parents and told them not to let me come. I was driving to the airport and at this point, I turned around. I sent her one more txt telling her I would always love her and goodbye. That was 5 months ago. Haven't heard a word from her since. 

Since she left everything has been dark and gray. Food doesn't taste the same, the gym has become more of a chore. I'll go weeks at a time neglecting myself. I started a new hobby of kickboxing that I love. I moved out of my parents and got some roommates in a really nice house. I thought I was taking the right steps. But nothing is working. About two months ago, I met a girl at kickboxing. We started hanging out and I immediately told her my situation and that I wasn't looking for anything other than a friend. Not even a friend with benefits because even still the idea of having sex with someone else makes me sick. This morning, this friend sent me a txt saying that we shouldn't talk or hangout anymore because she really likes me and it's shitty for her because I won't date her. I don't want to date her, she's not the girl that I love. The girl that I love is a complete stranger to me. Across the country with our dog and I have absolutley no idea what's going on in her life. I have no contact with her whatsoever. And I can't get over her. So now I'm at my end. 

I don't know what else to do. The one friend I made doesn't want to hangout anymore. I'm moved to a new city and don't know anyone and I love in a new house and don't know anyone. I've NEVER felt so lonely in my life. I'm tired of my anxiety, I'm tired of the nightmares, sleepless nights, I'm tired of my mind being consumed with thoughts that I have no control over. I'm tired of neglecting my body and my diet. I just want eternal peace. A sleep where I never wake up. I just want to turn all the lights off and go away. How can this world be so cruel? How can people be so mean? I want away from it all. I want my ex back. I've had ex gf's before but this one, I'm not getting over. We were practically married. Fuck, what the hell can I do to make myself have peace??