So many overwhelming road blocks to peace.Hi hun/whoever is reading this.

I don’t know what to even do really. 

I know as I’ve sifted through the posts on this subreddit that a lot of you feel the same as I do about ending it. Depression is so much more than feeling sad.

For example-I would like to leave with my affairs in order but I don’t even know what all that entails. I’ve checked to see if I have life insurance through my work and I do- but it only pays out in a lump sum. A lump some in what I’ve made in the past 26 weeks which if my math is correct- means that my life insurance would only cover my cremation costs and not the debt my husband and I are currently in. 

It’s more depressing as I look into it. 

I wish I could leave my family with at least cash compensation. Don’t you? Don’t you want to leave the people you consider family/friends with something positive? 

I know I should pack up my clothes and probably donate them to goodwill or something so that my family doesn’t have to do that. I imagine in my mind my husband packing up my clothes crying and feeling as alone as I feel now. Going to bed at night and reaching over to the side where I used to be and feeling nothing but a cold space where a warm body should be. He’s such a shut in be would probably never get out and meet anyone to take my place. He’d watch his siblings marry and have children, and slowly the circles under his eyes would get darker and his smile more solemn and empty. It’s things like this that make me want to continue on for him. But then I think of all the constant fighting. It seems like we can’t go a week without him yelling at me and myself getting angry that I’m getting screamed at and shutting down and ignoring him for days. 

I found out recently that his brother didn’t pick him to be his best man at his wedding. Isn’t that fucked up? Said it was because “everyone is expecting me to pick my brother but shouldn’t my best man be my best friend?” They always seemed so close. Ever since they were kids. They talk almost every night and game together, and yet his brother picked their mutual crap “best friend” to be his best man instead of his brother.... isn’t family blood supposed to be thicker than water? Isn’t your brother supposed to be your best friend? How could he? He’s basically showing all our friends and family at that wedding WHO is most important/close to him. When I told my husband how he felt he just screamed at me saying why do I care about things that don’t apply to me. But... I care because it’s about you. I care because I want you to feel the sense of familial love that I never got. I want to feel proud to see you standing next to your brother in those stupid wedding photos. I want to feel that sense of relief knowing that... at least you’ll be okay and be happy even if I can’t. At least you’ll have the normal family relationships in life. I’ll feel proud knowing I married into a normal family. What will everyone think when they see that dumb jerk up there standing next to the bride and groom where really you should be standing? Ugh. I sound nuts. Maby I am. 

I don’t have any family. I have a bio dad that never wanted anything to do with me-i guess I wasn’t the only one that didn’t ask to be born. A bipolar meth/pill popping mother and sister, and some nephews and nieces that I’m not even sure are really blood related or even remember who I am.

I at least wanted to marry into a good...normal... family. To have that sense of normalcy that eludes all of us on this subreddit it seems. 

Maby I should sell off some of my belongings such as computer, tv, jewelry discretely? Write up a will? How do you even do that? I also looked into possibly getting other sorts of life insurance but everything I read states that the contract is void if the insured takes their own life and/or is on anti depressants. I’m currently on cymbalta. I’m wondering if I stopped taking the cymbalta and dont renew my prescription and then waited out a year or two if it would be okay then to end it. Another thing I’m worried about is becoming a statistic. If i purchase a gun and use that- now I’ve given more fuel for all those imbeciles who believe we should have our right to defend ourselves taken away from us. 

I just want peace. I’m tired. I know you all must hear/read that a lot. It’s true though. I’m tired of being lonely. I’m tired of being told I’m the bad guy in life. I’m tired of being taken advantage of by people. I’m tired of being abandoned by friends, especially when I stand up for myself and refuse to let them walk on me anymore. I’m tired of fighting. Of dreading coming home to being ignored by my husband, or screamed at by him. I’m tired of being neglected. I’m tired of being a loser at a lowly retail job. I’m just exhausted. Every day is a damn fight that I’m tired of. I’m tired of dealing with stupid people at work that ask “where is the exit?” “ where are your bell peppers at?” “What time does the store close?” I’m tired of coming home and cooking and cleaning while my husband sits on his computer and doesn’t even know I’ve made it home safe. I’m tired of seeing happy families on the tv, or shopping the store at work. I’m tired of the corona virus, the rich getting richer, the starvation around the world, the global environmental crisis no one cares about, and the overall lack of love and acceptance for our fellow man. I’m just fed up and tired guys.