I’m A Fu*king Idiot For Thinking I’m Actually Worth Something... (tw: depression, suicide, dysphoria, family issues, etc).I'm fucking stupid if I think transitioning (I’m Male to Female Transgender) is gonna stop me from being anything but a boring, friendless, hollow piece of shit.

I'm never anyone's first choice.

I'm either "you'll do", "I need something from you", “2nd or 3rd choice", or "sure I'll take your money and pretend to give a fuck about you". 

Life is gonna find a way to deny me HRT, I just know it.

It seems to absolutely love getting me excited about something only to yoink it away last second.

Anything fun, productive, rewarding, enriching, educational.

I don't deserve it.

I don’t even have control over the temperature in my own apartment (central boiler radiant heat). 

I’m completely at everyone’s mercy for almost everything. 

The only thing I deserve is to work full time then go home to a 15x20 concrete cell and lay in bed and stare at the ceiling, looking forward to going back to work in the morning cause that's the only human interaction I ever get unless someone needs something from me.

I call myself a dj but it's been almost 2 years since my last gig.

I've had to sell 2 vehicles at a loss because of reasons I could have easily repaired myself, but they both broke down in the winter and I didn't have so much as a parking spot to park it in till the spring when I could work on it myself.

I get jealous of people talking about doing yard work and planting gardens.

People with workshops where they can build and create.

Somewhere to work out.

I can't even get fresh air without stepping out of my apartment building.

I don't have so much as a fucking hamster to look forward to at the end of the day.

I couldn’t even keep a fucking cat alive, what makes me think I deserve comfort and companionship?

I don't have anyone to eat meals with.

I don't have friends that I hang out with more than every few months.

I don't get invited anywhere.

Even before covid.

I've only ever had one genuine relationship that didn't involve getting cheated on or getting taken advantage of.

I've never had a repeat sexual relationship with anyone, and no one that wasn't multiple times my age.

I've always been a pathetic human.

It’s been a 29 year rut and at this point this list of things I've had to resign myself to never going to happen is longer than both the list of things I've done and the list of things I still have a possibility of crossing off, combined.

I’ve lived my life listening to my parents.

Now my moms dead and I’m a failure in my dads eyes. 

I want to sew.

I want to work on my vehicle.

(I have to get one again first).

I want to tend a garden.

I want to maintain a yard.

I want to DJ.

I want to have someone to cook for and to cook for me.

I want something... someone... to look forward to going home to.

But:

I don't have the space to set up a sewing machine.

I don't have a vehicle anymore, let alone somewhere to work on it.

I don't have a yard or a garden.

I can't even get fresh air without getting ready and leaving my building.

I haven't had a gig in almost 2 years. 

Even before covid I only managed to have people over at most once a month or two.

I could be homeless and 99% of people would never know. 

The only gay bar in town isn't a safe place for me since new management took over in 2017 and went right to work pushing me out after working there for 5 years, and making it perfectly clear in no uncertain terms that I was neither wanted nor welcome around there. 

I've been trying to get out of this city for years.

Hell, I only intended to stay here a year at most.

That was 2013.

I don't even have a vehicle anymore. 

My dad has proven himself to be a total piece of shit that I don't trust anymore, even without him finding out I’m trans.

He’s disappointed enough that I’m bi/pan.

He makes no effort to hide his disappointment.

Which means I'm gonna have to take a match to everything but what I can carry on my back and walk away from this shithole of a city and never look back.

I don’t want to have to keep in contact with him once he finds out I’m trans just for the sake of coming back to get my stuff some day. 

Anxiety has been running wild today.

Another Friday with nothing to look forward to but coming back to work on Monday morning, knowing I've got 2 days of solitary confinement to look forward to.

I can't keep this up.

Even the weed has stopped working for me.

9/10 times I get absolutely nothing from it anymore.

I'm so fucking tired of hearing "it gets better" cause it just keeps finding new ways to get worse.

Just when I think I've lost everything I could possibly lose, life finds a way to strip something else away from me.

"It gets better" is fucking bullshit.

Even before covid my sanity was hanging on by a thread. 

Now I can’t go sit at the far end of the bar and pretend that anyone in the bar would give a rats ass if I was alive or dead. 

I can’t go loitering at malls and thrift stores (charity shops) to spend money just so I can have the cashier to tell me to “have a nice day” cause it’s the only way I get to hear it, but I know ultimately it’s just business and they say that to everyone... 

I’m trying to hold on, but I’m running out of things to grasp onto.

I’ve stopped caring. 

I’ve stopped looking both ways before crossing the street.

I’ve stopped texting first cause all I ever get is left on read.

I’m a fucking moron if I think HRT is going to make me like myself any more.

There’s no saving me anymore.

The best I deserve is a slow, painful death.

Not even the courtesy of quick and painless. 

Oh... wait...