I often wonder what I did to be cursed with these thoughtsI remember I really felt it when I was 10. The loneliness always lingered but it really hit then. I didn't know what depression was until late high school and when I read the symptoms I realized that not everyone feels this way.

The extreme sadness and self doubt. Negative self talk. Guilt. Sorrow. The "motivation" from my parents to do well in school only exacerbating it all. It's not their fault, that style of pressure worked well for them because they would strive to prove themselves and anyone telling them they cant do it wrong, but I took it all to heart. If they got upset over a bad grade, I believe them when they said I was lazy and wouldnt get anywhere. My dad is the opposite and he would get motivated from that, but not me because I was always so sensitive. Also a cultural difference as well.

I started doing well in school just to avoid the confrontations and negative comments from them. I would sometimes cry in my room with my cat who was my only friend. My mom says if they hadn't gotten upset I wouldnt be where I am today and is proud of it but in realizing I only ever did anything to avoid anger from someone else, not for myself. I would only do things to avoid shame.

I even applied to grad school because my mother would tell me every goddamn day how "you're going to be 30 with a degree or without a degree so hurry up" and I just picked a program I could get into that was tangentially related to my work and I hate it. I thought it would help me but it didnt and I only feel worse. I still believe most people dont like me and think I'm a big dumb idiot or weird.

These past 2 years everything has felt more and more hopeless. I've been single for 5 years now and that doesnt help. It's become so bad I cant get myself to give a shit about...anything. my work is suffering and they've noticed and even as they subtly told me to shape up they had to write a harsh feedback letter. The old feelings of shame returned but it was different. This time I didnt even care too much and my mind went straight to ending my life because...why continue like this? I'm not smart, I've only appeared smart because of fear and shame.

Why does this happen to us? What makes my brain tell me to kill myself? Why cant I get my shit together and everything feels overwhelming?

No matter what medication or coping mechanisms I try, it always comes back to haunt me.

I fear I'm a ticking time bomb and it's only a matter of time before I act on these thoughts. I don't even know how I made it this far. People would be shocked that someone who has almost everything would even entertain the idea but here we are. If I did it now, people would be confused that the trigger was a negative performance review, but it's not just that. These thoughts have been with me for a long time. I guess the only thing stopping me from doing it now is the sadness and confusion it will cause my family and work colleagues. It's not their fault

I'm scared and alone.