I can’t build up the balls to do itI’m gonna cut myself. but i wish i could do a lot more. I’m too scared of the pain if i cut myself too deep but that’s been something i’ve wanted to do for a while. I’ve read stories on how others have hurt themselves or how they have been hurt (physically) and for some reason, i fantasize about those things happening to me. 

A couple of the fantasies are to either jump out a moderately fast moving car, or to be hit by a car. or both. I’ve been wanting to get hit by a car for a while now, i want to do it at night when it’s completely dark outside. I’ll walk in the middle of the road in all black just hoping someone won’t see me and hit me. I don’t care about what may break or what will hurt. I just don’t want something so bad to happen that i end up brain dead or paralyzed. 

I don’t want anyone to know when it’s gonna happen or where. I often think about making a plan to run away somewhere. I’m 18 and i currently live with my father. He’s a very good man and father. So don’t think he plays a part in why i want to do this. I recently dropped out of school for the second and final time. Right now, i’m just currently working. I have a great job and i don’t want to lose it. But at the same time i just don’t wanna deal with life for a while. 

I have two LD friends. One in North Dakota and one in Kentucky. they’re my best friends, but lately it’s been hard getting in contact with them, they’re both very busy and usually they’d be the ones i talk to. I usually fall asleep on the phone with either of them almost every night of the week but that hasn’t been happening either. I talk to this guy but he’s been very confusing. All i’ve ever wanted in my life is to be loved, i wanted to be a mother and a wife and i always saw that happening regardless of how many times i’ve been hurt until now. Now i don’t see myself having a future like that. i see myself living alone, with little to no friends, just me and my cats and my dog. 

I’m just rambling at this point, there’s so much i could and want to say but it would just make this too long and no ones gonna read this if that’s the case. So back to what i was saying earlier. I want to get hit by a car but i can’t build up the balls to do so. A few weeks ago i overdosed on some pain pills and it didn’t do enough damage. And because of that i had to think of another way i could do some real damage to myself. Btw i don’t want to die, i just really want to hurt myself. I have a somewhat plan to do so, just don’t have a date of when i’ll do it. 

i don’t really know what i was looking for by posting this. maybe i’m just trying to get this off my chest. these are just a few things playing a part in why i want to hurt myself so bad. i’m not blaming anyone but myself. this is my choice, my decision. no ones fault but mine. i wish someone could encourage me to do it but that would be illegal and i don’t want anyone to serve time for doing that.