I have been severely suffering and had just about enoughI have been living with my family and have been prone to depression and anxiety but with the quarantine situation at home it all peaked. I have found severely less motivation to do things, I have been so mad I am slamming all my doors. I have no other way of relieving this anger I have built inside me. I lived in the same neighbourhood since over 12 years ago and going for "walks" just dont suffice.

I am a 20M business owner and I am now suffering from depression. I simply cannot afford to move out of my house as I have so many things to pay off. I dont really have debt just yet however I am at the brink of breaking even especially with the corona virus. I want to move out so badly. I want to move out yesterday. I just cant fucking afford it because every dollar is so important right now.

I am miserable. I do not get along with my family. My mom kicked my dad out of the country who left before I was in highschool. I never thought of killing myself but every once in a while the thought now pops up in my head. My family is BLAMING me for their PTSD which I apparently caused from slamming the doors. I never raged at them or yelled at them. Yet they want to enforce on me that their problems are so much more important and valid and my fault. Fucking unbelievable. 

I don't really have many friends who I can go "crash" at. Right now I just want to permanently leave the house for good but I don't have the financial capability for me to do so. Plus everything in my business is based at my home address. I want to address this problem with them but they are so fucking inconsiderate I cant even bring myself to do it, I know I will just end up yelling or something and things will get out control. My mother has always been so fucking toxic and same with my dad which is why they broke up. Everything has to always be about her, how hard shes working, and how much she's suffering. I never signed up for this. My brother is a bystander but he has been doing absolutely NOTHING with his life (2 years older) so as the youngest sibling I feel like the "man of the house" and have to do everything. He has been indirectly messing with my mental health and stress levels by playing music at the worst times, staying up all night chatting with his gamer friends, etc . I dont want to say anything to him because he just got laid off from his job during quarantine. I am the room right beside him so he can hear everything I do and vise versa. I dont have any fucking privacy. I already have noise cancellation earbuds and a white noise machine and it doesn't cancel out everything.

I am going insane. I have always been trying to better myself everyday with my business and skills but it looks like I am lacking in real life. My family doesnt care about me as much as a family should. I am getting dangerously more tired of living life every day and I have nobody I can talk to out of this. I cant even find a space to call a hotline because my brother can fucking hear everything I say in my room. I need to move out but I cannot. I don't know what to do and I hate it.

Please help me.