I'm not sure if I want to die, or if I just want to stop existing like this.I don't know how to use reddit so please pardon my formatting. I've seen my friends use it, and one of them always talked about how I should use reddit to get more insight on what's been going on recently. That advice was given to me 3 months ago in August, I guess in 3 months I've progressed to this point.

In August, I was assaulted by an acquaintance. My friend invited me to his apartment to hang out, with 2 of his mates there. This was when one of his mates started touching me up, and it got all the way to dry humping before I managed to leave the situation. He didn't rape me, but whatever he did I have never been the same. In fact I think because he didn't rape me, it took me a longer time to realise that it was an assault, and still flicker between assault and 'maybe it wasn't, maybe it was a misunderstanding'. This was when my friend suggested I tell my story to Reddit so I can have a better perspective on what happened that day. Whatever the fuck it was, I don't know how to move on from it. I reported it to the police a few days later with the support and encouragement of a few friends, but lately I feel like that was the worst thing I've ever done. It would've been so much easier if I had said nothing to anybody, just pretended it didn't happen and carry on with life. I do know it would've been the right decision eventually, because if I found out later on a girl was assaulted by the same guy, I'd feel extremely guilty for doing nothing. Among all the confusion, and hurt, and anger, I tried my best to self-care and get on with life. I'm not doing a good job, or even an OK job. But I am trying my best. Guy was eventually arrested after I made the police report, and I was at peace for a little while. I stopped crying as frequently, I stopped showering 5 times a day, I stopped asking people if my clothes looked "rape-able", I stopped getting angry when people looked at me, I felt like I was starting to get some control back.

Then 3 weeks ago in October, I got into a car accident. A country driver wasn't familiar with the city road rules essentially drove into me and I collided heads on. My insurance expired in August and I just never renewed it because I'm fucking stupid. She was covered, thankfully. But as I was laying in the ambulance looking at my car in the middle of the massive intersection while the other driver was sobbing behind me and apologising, all I could think of was the court date that was only 3 days away. Then all I could think of was "if only she killed me." and instantly felt really awful because the girl was young and already in shock and I spent a long time lying in my stretcher comforting her, she would be even more a mess if she actually killed me. This was when I realised I couldn't even just die- I had to make sure no one else was burdened by my death.

Court date came and the guy plead not guilty. Trial is next year, and he's been telling people his side of the story. Gossip spreads like wildfire here, and the basic version of his story was "it was a planned attack.". Basically, this airhead thinks that because his dad is rich, he can just molest any girl he wants and when someone reports it to the police it's because she is trying to frame him for his money. This really tainted my reputation in the community, and I guess made my mental health worse as more and more people find out about it. No one has ever asked me for my side of the story, it was one of my friends who told me that word was getting around so I would get a 'heads up'.

I guess long story short, I am done. I am done trying my best, I am done trying to protect the next person (I can barely protect myself), I don't want to be alive anymore. Usually these thoughts are passive, and I can look past them with some effort. Lately however, it is all I can think about. How to I allocate my money after my passing, my properties, who to give away my possessions, etc etc. I am not a resident of the country I am in right now, so it's easy to send everyone a text to say I've gone back to my home country, and then just kill myself so people won't be sad or blame themselves. They will just think that I've gone home.

Even with all these planned out, I still found myself drawn to give it one last try and maybe Reddit can help. I can't get into a psychiatrist appointment as they are full, and the sexual assault counsellor could only offer me 3 sessions and the waiting list is 6 months. I don't want to tell my friends my suicide plans, as they all have their own lives to live and I know they will drop everything to make sure I am okay. I don't want that. I just want to go quietly without being any more of a burden to the people around me.