Wanted to share my note?Still not sure if I'll eventually kill myself. I wrote this one day when it was especially awful, but my methods weren't available exactly and I just ended up self harming... Right now I am kind of stable. But can someone read? I guess I wanted to share with the world.

---

I had so much planned for a note (blogs, pages for each person
If you find this, I am either dead (unlikely, alas) or at a hospital or… thanks to you, I'll be in one soon

I'm just tired right now

Tired of being alive

I'm not blaming anyone

I love all of you, thanks to everyone who cared

I am doing this for me

I want to be happy… before I die, I think I will be. Right before.

This is what I want. 

I wanted some of you, before, but we all know how all of my relationships with people turned out. I wanted future possibilities. I wanted happiness for those I love. I didn't want much for me, only a bit… I wanted attention, too.

Thanks to everyone. You guys made me smile and laugh and feel at some point. I'm glad I had the memories that I did. I had a decent 17 years. I love you all. Please realize that this was the best for me. 

I tried lots of things. Nothing helped for long. People didn't, either… All I wanted was to help others. To mean something. To make a difference. To save someone. To be an angel. To fly. To be a superhero. To be loved. To exist. To matter. To be normal. To belong. To have attention. To be someone's priority. Normal wants, basically.

No one will remember the "real me" when I am dead, but that's okay. If anyone cares, you can ask some of the people on my Skype list. They knew different parts of me. Don't tell them that I died though, please, or that I'm in the hospital… Please… I don't know…

I can't do anything with this mind of mine. I love me, I love (nickname), I love (name), I really do, but… I can't live. I can't do all that I want. I can't be in this world.

Love always, best wishes, please find happiness everyone. I hope there's a better world? I hope that there's nothing, that I'm done with some form of "life"? I don't know what I want, but it's not this. I wanted to write personalized notes, but maybe that'd be worse. Rest assured…everyone in my life, you meant something to me. You all mattered, even the people in just one class. Thanks for all the words we ever shared, anything I learned from you, any care or concern or just a smile.

I'm sorry. I don't want to hurt anyone. Hate me forever, please. Don't make up 
bullshit "She was such a sweet girl" I wasn't… Be angry. Be disappointed.

I prayed to God for all of you. I made wishes for all of you. They better come true, dammit. 

---
If someone you loved wrote this and... well, don't answer that. Nothing would really make it better for those left behind.