I feel guilty for being happyI don’t feel anything and every emotion I have feels fake or forced. I have the most boring personality and I’m really unattractive so I put a front on. The thing is, I never take it off. I enjoy crying, though when I let myself cry I’m reminding myself of all the shitty things I am, so I feel even pathetic for feeling glad that I’m crying. My bestfriend, soulmate and my home who was my older sister passed away when I was 14 and ever since then I’ve felt lost. I realised nobody cares about me, I’ve failed all classes since I was 5 and dropped out so I have no hope for the future. I know nobody will love me enough to spend the rest of their life with me as I’ve never been anyone’s first choice so what’s the point  I don’t know who I am, though I know I don’t have to know because I’m just going to end up dying at my own hands one day. I’m always anxious, i can’t even be with my long time friend without watching every thing I say and feeling as if I’m acting as someone in a movie which is so energy draining. I’d try to be myself, but I can’t as I don’t know who I am. One day I’ll go back to reality and finally do it. On top of that I’m incredibly ugly. I faced binge ed, anorexia and bulimia yet never got to my goal weights so I’m even a failure at my own mental illness. My mum thinks she cares for me but I know she doesn’t. As sick as it sounds I know that if I were to die she would never feel as heartbroken as she did for my sister. She’s disappointed in me as my younger siblings are too, and my grandparents who hate me. They’ve never shown any love for me yet are more than okay with expressing their love for my cousins and siblings. My siblings love me but know I’m pathetic, they know I stay in my room all day feeling sorry for myself. I really just want out of life. I’m so insecure and can’t connect with anyone ever. All I feel empathy for are people who are struggling and animals. I genuinely would be glad to see all wealthy people die so everyone who were born unlucky into life can flourish. We’ve built a society on this earth, I wish it could all vanish and everyone would live freely, that we didn’t have faces or bodies and couldn’t judge one another based off appearance as appearance can define weather you have a good life or a shitty one. And I’m so envious of those who were born lucky.

However, I know that will never happen. So basically I wish i could gather the courage to exit my fakeness and made up over exaggeration of myself, jump off a building or put a gun to my head. Nobody will care. I see the same 4 people everyday, they don’t even give a shit about me. No friends. I’m excited for the day.