How do I keep fighting?I feel like I'm at the end of my rope. I'm 32, I've been fighting depression my entire life. I tried to end my life multiple times as a teenager, and I'm happy to say that I haven't tried in the past 10 years. I did develop an awful drinking problem, which led to some scary health issues, but I'm happy to say I'm over 4 years sober. I began self-harming myself in grade school because I realized I was gay and wanted to find a way to punish myself for that. I mostly stopped doing that, with occasional lapses (including twice this month, the first time I've done it so close in time). I finally came out to everyone I know last year. Fun fact: my mom doesn't believe me, and insists it's a phase I'm going through. I'm on anti-depressants, and I see a therapist every other week. I try my best to be a selfless person. I never want to impose on anyone, and will always do everything I can to help anyone I meet. I'm applying to schools to study social work in the fall, because I just wanted to find a way to use my life to help others.

I feel like I've done everything you're "supposed to". Fight against the disease, stop self-medicating, work with professionals. But I don't have a thing to show for it. I don't have any friends who truly know me. I have "friends" that I have shared history with, we were close in high school, and we've remained in touch, but they don't know me. I thought I made a real, true friend and he meant the world to me for a couple years, but we had a kind of falling out. Still he was the only person who ever truly knew me, and he will always have a special place in my heart. I don't know if that's mutual. I've never dated anyone in my life. I don't have any hope left. I've fought and I've fought and I've fought, because it's what you're supposed to do. But it would be the tiniest loss imaginable if I wasn't here tomorrow. I'm so tired. Perhaps the saddest detail of all is that the one thing that keeps me going is my 2 cats. They were feral cats that were rescued as kittens, so it was a huge task to get them to form bonds and trust me. It took almost 2 years, but those 2 cats adore me. To them, I'm irreplaceable. But I'm not irreplaceable to any humans, and that's what matters. How do I find the will to keep fighting? Why should I keep fighting, when there's no indication there's anything worth fighting for in the future? I just want some peace.