Help IIn the passing of these events in my mind. I don't find much time to feel like I have any sense of sanity left. Whether or not people believe what they said in high school or not . Or if people believe people would or could be even Capable of saying/doing some of the things I'm saying people have had done/said. Or if none of these things ever happened and I'm just trying to hurt cause I was hurt.. 
I don't want any of this I want to feel like I had something that was for just one person.. something that one person would understand..  something that I could relate to that would be the next day.. and wouldn't change her mind on what she told me.. I don't think sarah and I broke up in high school so many times because she didn't know what she wanted or cause she wasn't interested.. I don't think her friends were interested in my boring life. Regardless if I did or didn't want to play football junior year after they said I would have to become more aggressive on the field.. I'm only aggressive when I'm backed in the wall.. cause I'm a wallflower and have been my whole life.. despite people saying I ham it up.. or am polite or have good things to say.. they don't know all the ways I feel that my pain is invalid cause how perfect perceptions of who people think I can be aren't met cause I haven't been dealt a fair hand.. I don't think just cause I have had a place to live once on my own that meant that I should have or could handle living on my own.. I'm clean.. I can cook. I know how to use a freaking vacuum.. but what's the point when I have to look in the mirror and see that every person think it's as easy as getting a job and working off this thing that I went threw.. plus I didn't help that the neighbors I had in 2015 were jerks and tried getting into my head to get theirs. What ever that means for people you meet and they don't think they have to remember you. So they don't have to respect you. That's literally every bully that I've ever come in contact with. Whether it's my mom and she not having to remember the good person I was. Just the loud abusive teenaged fuck that didn't have any goals. Or to liana and Quinn  and maybe Morgan who thought they could out class me either in their short or long games.. and I'm stuck being worse then white trash worse then ghetto trash.. I'm some drug addict mental case that no one wants because their isn't any way to say why I feel like I do. Or what I believe what I believe. I believe that I had something once.. even if your life is full of stuff it's only as cool or as good as who you can share it with. I never had a lot growing up. I had some stuff.. it was good when I had a mom around.. and sometimes it was fine when I had my brother.. and then it got cool when I didn't have anyone at home or school. Especially when I was younger.. but I never had anyone I didn't ever want anyone. Just someone that would like me for me. Just me for me.. even if I don't know who I am.. and then when I can be myself I can be my best self for that person. And I found that person and I chewed my thumbs and everything fell past me.. cause I didn't want to hurt anyone.. you know if I was as evil and thoughtless as people think or just let me think they think. Then I would try and kill myself.. it's not like I don't still cut.. I just can't and don't cause it will kill me.. cause I know that I am good at hurting myself.. cause I've been hurting longer then any of you have known me. But that doesn't give you any right to think that I'm not good enough for you cause I'm already so far gone.. I tried to be normal for you sarah. But cause every one had to say how not normal we were.. and how weird we were.. and how it wasn't a good fit cause of this that and the next thing.. they had their issues projected onto what we were trying for as perfect. I don't care sarah I just wanted to be Normal and now I'm a bigger freak then I was when I was just black..
Idk if that's just my fault.. just seems suspicious that I would just snap and fly off the handle and try and kill everyone cause I think people are racist.. don't you think that maybe people were.. if not it's what it is.. whatever the fuck that means... I just feel like I want to die cause it right for me. And if you don't care or don't want to have anything to do with me then fine but don't act like you even thought of me in a light that was positive cause this isn't how people who think that of other people treat one another. Regardless of our individual pasts.