Writing my note..Unfinished, thoughts?Suicide is something I have been giving a considerable amount of thought to as of late. If? How? What to leave behind and for whom. Notes and possessions, is that really all that’s left after it all?
What I do know is that this has all been hard for a long time, I am absolutely exhausted of life and when I really think about, I can trace it all back to when I was 14 or 15.

I know that after that moped accident, my mind does not work the same way that it used to. Early memories are not there, and while people tell me how intelligent I am, I know that I am not what I used to be. I don’t have those warm and fuzzy childhood memories that people seem to have in shadowboxes in their minds. Were they ever there to begin with? I suppose it’s only when you are older that you take time for that type of reflection and by then if you haven’t taken a net to those memories, maybe they disappear?

Looking at how my relationships have evolved with, and perceptions have changed of my parents through the years, I honestly don’t know what my childhood memories would look like. 

Mom, where are you? I don’t find myself talking to other people about you that much and I honestly think it’s because I don’t know who you are. Were we ever that close? Why did you think that walking away from the marriage, meant walking away from everyone? You left because you “couldn’t take the abuse” anymore, which I don’t fully buy, but what did you think leaving me alone with him would do for me? Did you care? Anthony was sent to jail, dad was heartbroken, and I was alone. To this day, you never make the effort. I see TV shows and movies where the characters make such a fuss about their mother calling and “bothering” them all the time, but adverse to their reactions, all I can think is: what a luxury. I never hear from mine unless she’s moving and needs help carrying furniture.

Dad, I know that you did the best that you could. I do. Bipolar Disorder has been your white whale as long as I have known you and while there has been a fair amount of struggle between us over the years, I can’t fault you for it. When mom left, it was just us and a few giant holes to fill in our lives and hearts. Anthony was in jail, losing his sanity, and there you and I were…. Seemingly 2 strangers sitting in a house that felt empty for so many reasons. You retreated into yourself and then to Cindy, both of which I understand. If the woman that I loved for 20+ years decided to leave in a puff of smoke and not to reappear for months on end, I don’t know what I would do.

I spent a lot of time alone in that house, sitting in that empty bedroom thinking about how it all went wrong. I was 15 and remember Mom talking about how important of a year it was supposed to be, and it turned out that she was right –if only in a way that she could never have imagined. That was the year that our family shattered.
