I Wish To Commit Suicide Through Organ Donation But I'm Not Sure About This MyselfI'm 16 years old and i have felt that the life that i have lived is useless, I'm a failure as a person, my parents are disappointed in me, I don't know where i see myself in 10 years in the future and I have no dream that i wish to accomplish. What I want to know is, is this the right decision. I feel as if the world would be a better place without me and that the first worlds resources have been wasted on me. I wrote a confession to get everything off my chest but i still feel suicidal and that I've really got no direction in life. 

For all my life I never once had a dream of what I wanted to be or do. It was a question that I never had an answer for, I had ideas but I never had a definite answer. I always went with the flow expecting that the answer may come to me instead of me trying to search for it.
Now that I am reaching the end of my high school schooling the question has started to become much more compelling, "what do you want to do when you’re older?" This was the main question that my brother and my mother always asked. My father however, I never knew his feelings
on that matter.                                                                                                                                                     The answer to that question was just ideas, things I thought that I would want to do, I always started the answer with I wanted to be a writer, a lawyer, a psychologist or something to do
with art like photography.
This indefinite answer was one of my biggest flaws to life, not knowing what I aspired to be is what my mother hated about me.

This however was only one of my problems another one of my problems is being unable to get a job, 'sounds pathetic right. I think so to.' But having to be reminded about it is what hurts the most. Yeah I know for a fact that I'm not living to your expectations Mum neither am I living up to the standard that my older brother made but that's just because that's the type of person I am.
But that type of person will never be accepted by you and the irony is that I've accepted that from you.

It hurts the most when your just doing what a normal teenager does in the 21st century playing games and being told off for always being on the computer or on that console and then the opposite happens you get told off for going out because they don't know who and what type of people that your friends are.
It's not my fault that you don't know them, it's not like you've made any effort to know my school life or my friends all you see are results and if you're happy with that sheet of paper that determines
my worth to society so be it.                                                                                                                             The only things I have to give are results. 
Probably my biggest regret was not putting up a fight against my parents. I wanted to play basketball when I was young I never asked because I was always scared that they would say no. My parents always told me we never had enough money.                                                                                             This was mainly due to that outside schooling program 300 dollars for both English and Math a month and on top of that my little brother also did English so an extra 450 dollars towards the monthly bills.                                                                                                                                                              My mother wanted me to play music, I always had an interest in it but we could apparently never afford it that wish went down the drain. When I finally got a guitar I just looked at it and gave up, too late I told myself, too late, no point in trying now is what I said while I smiled sadly at it.                Somehow and some random day my parents actually allowed me to take up tennis as a sporting hobby. I specifically remember on my first day of training. Out on the clay courts in just a T-shirt and out dated black sweatpants, I dived for the ball got an amazing volley. Once the instructor saw that he gave me and my parents a smile and said “this kid got talent.” I was 9 years old at the time.          In the end I quitted tennis due to the fact that the training days clashed with me going to the centre for the outside schooling program. On the day that I quit tennis I didn’t mind, I didn’t regret but looking back at it I can only sigh.                                                                                                                     Watching the Australian Open just makes me sad just watching makes me think of what I gave up I placed 3 years of my life on that hobby only to give it up without a fight.
Maybe that’s just how things were meant to be.                                                                                                                                                                                           

The last problem is just one of those teenage boys problems, 'women.'                                               However my problem isn't one of those sexually induced hormones it's more of I don't have a lot of women in my life.
Going to an all-boys school and not being much of a social person does that to you. Not much contact with the opposite sex since primary school.
What I want from a girl is probably just someone I can talk to about my problems from a girl’s perspective instead of a guys. Things that guys might say are just persevere it will eventually get better. But I don't want to wait for things to get better I want a temporary fix.

In the end my problem may be that I'm just depressed, maybe that I'm just a deadbeat person, maybe that I concede to the fact that my life for the past 16 years has been absolutely, utterly, pathetic and as I write this I'm slowly realising that, that is probably true.
Funny my eyes are watering.
I’ve heard that crying is what makes you human but if you cry too much are you really living

--------------, 
Signing off.
