I tried my best, I'm so tired, I deserve to end it now, I've earned the rightI’ve been feeling like this on and off for 7 years, and then fairly consistently for the last 3. I don’t want to kill myself, I don’t want to commit the actual act, I don’t want to have to think about how I’ll do it, I don’t want to think about who is going to find my body, I don’t want to think about how my family will cope. But I really, really do not want to be alive anymore.

It’s been 10 years, 10 really long years where I wake up nearly every morning dreading the day ahead. I have entirely lost all hope of anything getting better, whenever I think I’m at rock bottom, somehow things manage to get worse. Or maybe they don’t, maybe I’m just wearying down. 

I’m just so tired, and all the reasons I haven’t ended it all are beginning to be outweighed by this exhaustion and dread. I have held it together for so long despite the fact that half the time I cry myself to sleep and the rest of the time I’m completely numb and empty. I did well, I think. I have two college degrees, did fairly well in both. I’ve maintained good relationships with my family, I have a lot of friends in college, not deep friendships, we mostly talk about football and college work, but friends non-the less. And now I think I’m done.

I never thought I could do something like this to my parents. I love them deeply, best parents a girl could have. But I’m beginning to feel like I’ve paid my dues. Yeah it’s a terrible thing for me to put them through, but I tried and I fought so long that I deserve this, I deserve to be able to just stop. To stop the pain, the false smiles, the crying, the anxiety and all this constant bitterness and jealousy towards everyone I ever met because they got to be someone other than me.  

I’m kinda at that stage in my life where my friends and people around me are beginning to settle down, get married and have kids. And it’s killing me that that will never be me, and they all take it for granted, it’s all so normal to them. I don’t want to have to watch my brother get married and move away, or my cousin have her first baby, or hear about the way my best friend from college was proposed to. That makes me sound like a terrible person, but I just can’t bear watching everyones lives unfold when I’m just standing on the sidelines, going through the motions.

I’m not there yet, but I’m getting close to the point where the guilt will be gone, I feel like I’ve earned the right too kill myself by fighting against it for so long. I visit my family most weekends, I know they’ve heard me crying every night, it’s just after 10 years there is nothing left to say, they know there is nothing they can do to help. I’m just hanging on until the guilt is gone.
