How to stop this feeling?Opening up is hard. But here I am.

I’m 18 and as long as I can remember, I’ve contemplated suicide for numerous times. Being the only daughter in a very religious family is a pressure. Hell, of course it is. Especially when you’re not even related by blood with your parents. 

I’ve thinking about taking my life away since junior high school. Puberty was hard, but for me, it hit me harder then anybody else did. I suffered a lot of things that makes me want to vomit. My mom pressured me to be the best at everything since I started school, my friends left me because they said I got issues and hard to deal with, and I got nobody by my side to vent to. It was hard.

I starting to lose faith in God because I thought He gave me nothing but problems. And anxiety. Depression. But I faked it in front of my parents. I wore hijab. I went to an Islamic high school. My life was all lie. Well, it still is though.

I was planning to cut my wrists just to let go of these pain and lies. But I was afraid when my parents found out the scars on my wrist, they’ll start to beat me hard. They always do, but mostly my mom did. She’d beat me and shout at me and saying I’m such a stupid, idiotic, ungrateful brat because I got an 8 on my report card.

Until I entered college. I got into a prestigious college in the country. My family’s thrilled. They said I’m great and smart. However, I felt nothing but emptiness. I‘m not proud of it. Just empty. 

One day I got into a huge mess with my parents. It was a misunderstanding. My dad shouted at me, for the first time since I entered college. I was shocked. I bursted into tears because I haven’t heard his shouting for a long time. I cried so hard. I still remember I shouted at my mom saying ‘I want to die!’. It was 7 PM and I opened the door to the balcony, I was ready to throw myself out from apartement to the railroads. Hoped that a train will show up and ruin my body. But my mom stopped me. 

To cease the pain I felt, I kept scratching my wrist, because it was such a mess and I couldn’t grab a knife. Even while writing this, the tears filled my eyes. I’m so tired and I still do think I want to die. 

I’ve been reaching help for the best I can, like I contacted some emails, I even booked a day to consult with psychologist that my uni offered. But this ain’t enough ... and I don’t know what to do with my life. 

I’ve attended a counseling appointment at my uni, and in the end I didn’t tell my counselor about my true issues. All I told her was I am in trouble because my parents are overprotective. I didn’t tell her I’ve contemplated suiced for a very long time because I was too afraid and ashamed to tell so. She also looked not really care about my problems, so I didn’t bother. 

Does anybody know how to cease these feelings like how to easily tell them that I have these kind of issues? I always wanted to open up about this irl, but my mouth keeps shut. I always unable to do it, I feel really ashamed, helpless, and vulnerable about myself. Not to mention that my parents always despised my signs of mental illness and said that I just need to be more religious. It sucks.