Felt suicidal for years and it’s been worse latelyHey,

I never really tell people about this as I don’t want to burden them or manipulate them into staying or sth, but now I just need to rant. I have therapy on Friday but it feels like I‘m going to explode if I can’t get it out before then. Something that’s very new for me, I used to be very private

Soo I’ve been suicidal for as long as I can remember basically, it started when I was around 12 and I am now 19 years old. I was bullied for four years, was threatened to not go there again blahblah. I graduated last year and I did quite good. Now I enrolled in a university and I‘m studying mathematics. Only three weeks in, I don’t understand anything anymore. It’s supposed to be normal to have no idea what’s happening.

It feels very overwhelming to do all the work I should be doing and most of the time, I can’t concentrate and focus on the exercise. It‘s like my mind goes blank and despite trying, I can’t focus on what’s happening. Also have had a problem with dissociation for years. So I‘m supposed to do all this work, I‘m really trying to do it but I can’t. I just want to end it, I’ve wanted to do this for several years now and not once have I thought ”oh wow, I‘m so glad I didn’t end it 7 years ago“. It only keeps getting worse. There’s too much pain which I can’t handle, it makes me dissociated or drink. I had a phase during which I got drunk almost every night alone in my room on vodka. I really wish I could just stay in bed shitfaced all day until I die and escape reality this way, but I can’t do it as I’d feel bad for my parents. They put in so much effort (less love, more money) they deserve a child who‘s doing well and not a drunk.

I haven’t had any desire to live for seven years now and I only keep going because I couldn’t put my parents through so much pain. I have zero interest to see another day, it just means more pain. I tried to get my shit together and get a routine going, I don’t feel better despite that. It’s so tiring. I can’t focus on the shitload of work I need to do and just thinking of it makes me want to vomit. I can’t do it to my parents, but if I was accidentally killed in an accident, I’d be pretty happy about it

I typed this exactly how the words came to my mind so please excuse the missing structure