TenHello again.  I can't tell you my name, but you may remember me from the post "For me, suicide is a way of life."  I'm here today again to share a bit of news and a gift for those compassionate and knowledgeable folk who left their thoughts for me in the original thread.

I am pleased to announce that at the bequest of commanderlooney I went out of my way to do something I haven't done in far too long:  write.  In the midst of all this nonsense, I'm glad someone could come along and make a simple and reasonable suggestion which actually ended up doing me some good.

I have just finished the first piece of writing I have completed in over six months, and I'd like to share it with you all.

**Ten**

Deyavah, the God, twisted and churned his winding way through the bulkhead gathering ominously above the summit of Mount Whatever-the-Fuck with mounting impatience.  The children of the Tribe of Whoever-the-Fuck were growing restless, and as such had sent an emissary to the seat of the Heavens to prostrate himself before the Almighty, appeal to the infinite compassion and wisdom of the Holy Father, succumb to the overpowering magnificence of The Lord Their God, and well, you know, get some shit set straight.  They had their own obscure titles for the mountain and their ragged little tribe, of course, but both escaped him at the moment.  

A thousand years into the future he had seen this moment coming while inhabiting the meager frame of a common field mouse in Greece.  That sudden and inexplicable moment of dreadful apprehension one feels when he realizes something important might be forgotten had suddenly sprung upon him as he was merrily foraging through a patch of ripe lettuce, and he quietly drifted backwards through the fraying fabric of time to the heart of the storm.  At first, he thought he might have left the tap running.

From his vantage point high above the earth he was beginning to see the vague outline of the bent, pathetic little man steadily making his way onward and upward through the foothills.  Click, zoom.  Click, zoom.  He was soaked right through his robes, his long white tangle of beard whipping hither and thither in the growing maelstrom.  Click, zoom.  His dark, fiery eyes all but glowed with determination as he fought his way over fallen rocks and through the brush.  Click, zoom.  A lone mite held on for dear life to a bundle of short hairs rooted in the old man's moustache, all but screaming in terror as the relentless winds whipped and battered it about.  Click.  Too much zoom.

The Ancient One followed the old bugger's slow progress through the bellowing gail with more than a twinge of amusement.  The poor little fart was more likely to sprout a voluptuous set of tits and nurse a lion cub to adolescence than reach the summit of Mount Whatsitthere alive.

And so the God had pity.

Suddenly, shockingly and without warning a terrible gust of frigid air enveloped the aspiring prophet and snatched him forcefully into the air.  His sandals were wrenched from his feet, his robes mercilessly ripped from his sagging frame as he tumbled bare ass over elbows through the storm.  He cursed and bellowed unintelligibly.  He voided his bowels abundantly and vomited at the same time, adding an altogether unexpected element of filth to the swirling tempest which had viciously liberated his feet from the blessed firmament below.  Earth turned to sky and sky back to earth with a sickening wrench here, a bone-crushing yank there.  He had just enough time to briefly reflect upon the taste of his own excrement before smashing to the unyielding summit floor with a wet thud.

Gliding with ethereal grace through the chaotic whirlwind, Deyavah turned his timeless gaze toward the top of the mountain and frowned.  Where had the little guy gotten off to now?

Click, zoom.

Where for all intents and purposes the bent old man should have landed safely there was now a fantastic spray of torn entrails, bits of shattered bone and lumps of bloody hair littering the clearing of the summit.  For a chosen ambassador to the Holy One and designated leader of the people, he was suddenly looking quite viscous.

"Well, shit."

With a wink of Deyavah's formless eye and a tap of his glistening heels, the otherwise lifeless remnants of the old man's bits began to quiver and dance in the darkness.  With a bit of molding here, a smidgen of transmutation there, the stubborn old geezer began to collect himself quite efficiently.  Parts which had effectively been blown seven ways to Sodom soared purposefully through the haze and found register once again in their intended positions.  It should also be noted that in his imminent wisdom the Infinite One took advantage of this grisly turn of events to secretly deposit the prophet's gall bladder, tonsils and a short length of infected small intestine into an eagle's nest further down the face of the mountain to compensate for the temporary inconvenience.  What the seer did not know, as they say, probably wouldn't hurt him.

As the prophet curled into the fetal position, naked and exhausting his frail voice with the remnants of a scream, the hapless and infinite deity decided it might be good to just wing it with this one.  Embracing the sheer fuckery of it all, he shrugged himself into the form of a burning woman with the head of a goat and descended upon the terrified old man.

"Hola!  Me llamo es, eh - como se dice?  Dios!  How the hell are ya?"

____________________

I am exhausted, and for the first time in a while I now plan to drift into what I hope will be a peaceful sleep sans a complementary dose of alcohol.  This is a small thank you, Reddit.  I cracked a smile today.