Slowly but surely, I think I have made up my mindNot telling anyone about going step-by-step towards suicide and feeling kinda lonely, so I'm penning it down here.

So it's been close to a year since I had suicidal thoughts and got myself diagnosed with depression. But as my bestie aptly puts it, it isn't that surprising given how I was a quiet kid poor in socialising, but great in dwelling in my emotions, and in my understanding and opinions of the world and people around me.

Oh, anyway, 27y gay male here. 

My self-analysis tells me that I probably never really wanted to get out of this. Or at least I never believed I could. However, I did try medications for a few months, then therapy for another few months. Moved out from home so that I can have a room to myself and won't be pressured by my family prying into my financial, physical, and mental status everyday. Big mistake here: I should not have told them about having suicidal thoughts. So much drama before I could move out and enjoy some peace.

There are a few things that contribute to pushing me over the edge these few weeks: my worsening lower back pain and my growing debt. Physically and mentally, I just can't imagine doing any kind of work anymore. So many things happened to me after my teens that I have grown to dislike almost all forms of human interactions, which further spells the end of my ability to work. (I could barely survive 2 weeks working at a cafe recently, it literally crippled me) I feel like an elderly man slowly losing his ability to even take care of his own daily needs. So I need to die.

I already know exactly how I will die, and I know it is going to work 100%, scientifically and proven many times in the scientific literature. (didn't take me many days of research to finally find this antidote) I have bought half the materials and I am going to buy the remaining in a few days. I have decided to do it in a cosy hotel room with a good view, after a good meal and drink while listening to some of my favourite music. I am now drafting a will with a lawyer. That's the only limiting factor for the execution of my suicide now. I think.

Yeah, there seems to be a small voice telling me that hey, maybe your whole world view will be more positive if someone could walk you through the journey one step at a time, first fixing your lower back, then your finances, then inner demons, then your lonely soul, blah blah blah.

But I have been getting less and less satisfaction from activities that used to cheer me up. That won't change overnight. I know I can't do it by myself. I know I want someone I like to pat me on the shoulder and hug me everyday telling me that I'm doing so well, baby steps and falls and all. But let's not kid ourselves - no one, not even your "loved ones", might want to care for you more fearing that they might still lose you. Like, people just assume you are ok and stop really checking in on you with deep genuine concern when you seem to go about with your days quite normally. Until I actually die.

I just wish the will will be completed ASAP so that I can proceed with a peace of mind. But I'm also glad this step-by-step process I choose prevents it from being an impulsive decision. Heck, it is at least a year long already. Even before Nov 2019, I had been lonely and at least melancholic, and occasionally had bursts of suicidal thoughts, for so many years.