I wish I could go peacefully without anyone crying over me, the disappointment and waste of space I am.that's all I wanted to say. 

but..

lately I've been thinking I don't want to be dead or alive, somewhere In between. somewhere beautiful. somewhere with love and joy and all the things I've always wanted to feel. I just want somewhere peaceful to relax, in the middle of life and death. beautiful fields of flowers, a mix of roses and corn flowers (my 2 favorites), tall healthy trees, streams of water and mountains in the distance with a clear blue sky with some clouds. I wanna hear the birds, see the animals live their lives quietly like I want to live mine. I wanna be a little child again (around 8 years old) in this world sometimes with friends to play with. I wanna feel like there is nothing to be worried about, that I don't have to worry about life because it is so far ahead of me that it doesn't matter. 

but every day is a constant struggle. I'm trying to make my beautiful girlfriend and my beautiful friends happy. but they struggle with their own problems too. I blame myself for my girlfriend's problems. maybe I am not as perfect as she first described me? maybe I am really a waste of her time? maybe she hates me..? maybe she wants to live her life away from me forever..? 

if so, which I know is probably very unlikely but I still worry about it, I will always love her with all my heart, soul, and life (or at least is what left of all of those things at least).. I may not know how to show it or express it but I love her. I love her more than I have ever loved anyone. I would gladly take a bullet for her or any of my friends. or anyone. not only because I want to die, but because knowing they are safe and I have saved them would complete me as I pass on. 

sometimes I think about what it would be like If I was never born. sometimes in a suicidal way, sometimes not. most of the time it isnt though. where would people be without me? how would life be different? that kind of thing. it actually interests me, as strange as it might sound. just the thought of life without me.. it feels weird. like I should be there. like I should be in place of all the empty spots where I originally was. 

but if I wasn't born, no one would even know me. I wouldn't know me. just a void of nothingness. 

maybe it's peaceful there.