Suicidal thoughts tendencies are triggered by my demented grandparents.Hi /r/suicidewatch,

**PS: I may sound like the worst person in the world, but please hear me out.**

I used to love my grandparents, but currently feel indifferent to them. They have ruined my life for the past years. I used to love them, but they're such a burden to take care. I have classes to study, I have a body to work out, and I have a life to live.

These people are both suffering dementia. At the beginning, I was concerned and took care of them. I "walk the talk" in terms of taking care of them and sacrificing my gym days, library days and possible volunteer/employment opportunities I could've gone into.

Unlike my siblings, I passionately took care of them: prepare their food, gave them medicine and washed my grandfather's fucking smelly, dirty ass. My siblings are half-assing taking care of them--they don't even do their house chores (I wash their clothes, too). I am the only person who actually took care of them. I want them to die right now for my own well-being.

I know what you're thinking: I am a bad person who deserves to be behind the bars &amp;/or be in mental institution. Right? I understand.

All these times that I took care of them I just wasted. I want to kill myself so that I wouldn't have to take care of them. All of my problems originate from them. I've been stressing out because countless times, my parents always asks me to stay because I have the "easiest program" (Criminology) studying in University. I've explicitly told them numerous times that I can't concentrate at home--this lead to accumulating work load from school.

I used to be muscular too, with some enjoyable extracurricular activities. But these fuckers had to ruin my life. I am now fat because of these fuckers. I currently in debt of $20,000 in student loans. I've failed and dropped classes before because I have to stay home. As it turns out, there's barely any job in Criminology diploma. My life is ruined. I'm 21 years old, and not getting any younger. My peers from highschool are beating me in life all because they're lucky that their grandparents are dead.

I haven't accomplished anything substantial, academically. I don't want to be that guy who lives in parent's basement because of these fuckers--interrupting my schedules, University-life balance and all. 

I'm sure as fuck that no border security or police institution will hire me as soon as the psychological screening takes place. I used to be happy too, ya know.

I have no one to rely to. Everything's a mess.

I feel like I'm at my limit. I'm smiling to mask the sadness off my face. These fuckers better die before I actually kill myself. My suicidal thoughts are increasing. Please help me.