The worst part is the apathyLast year was pretty bad but it's only been 3 months and this year is absolutely horrific. Last year I went through a lot of changes. I broke off my engagement, moved out with new roommates, and I got a second job because I wanted to pay off my shit faster. This year has just been a string of bad events and I think I've finally cracked.

My grandpa died January 1. We were really close and he helped me so much with my livestock projects. I never realized how much I relied on him until I couldn't anymore. I spent january dealing with the aftermath and helping my grandma out and we're still dealing with some stuff related to it. I just kind of coasted through February and it seems all hell has been breaking loose.

2 weeks ago I got a call that one of my cows was in labor and having trouble. I rushed home from work but the calf was already dead. We managed to get it pulled and I thought we saved the cow because she was able to get up and walk right after (sometimes they get paralysis). 2 days late she fell and broke her leg. Most of the time for an injury like that I'd just put her down but due to the location, her relatively small size, and it didn't break the skin so there wasn't infection risk, I decided to splint it and give it a chance to heal. So Ive been caring for her like this for a few weeks. I went to check on her yesterday and she was in a puddle of blood. She managed to rip open her front knee down to the bone. So now I have to shoot her in a few minutes because it's obviously quite painful and even if her other leg wasn't bad she will get an infection. I thought she was doing okay. I got her uterine infection cleared up and her leg seemed to be healing and then this.

To top it all off I also lost my main job yesterday. My coworker screwed up and they decided to close my facility completely as a result. The worst part is I have been telling them to fire her for over 6 months because I can't trust her to even show up, let alone feed and water the animals. I've also caught her clocking in and leaving even while I'm there cleaning. They've talked to her 3 times and she hasn't changed at all. I thought they were going to fire her a few weeks ago but they didnt. Yet my direct supervisor wants to pretend he knew nothing about it because he doesn't want the ceo on his ass. I'm half tempted to send the ceo am email with proof that I brought this up months ago just to be vindictive but I know I should probably just wipe my hands of it and move on

At this point I feel nothing. I could feel that last spark being extinguished especially after I found that cow yesterday. I've been zoning out during conversations and not even noticed. I just about crashed into an oncoming car earlier from zoning out a bit. It's so painfully obvious just from looking into my eyes that I'm dead inside and I just feel so helpless.  I'm lucky that I have the second job but I got it to move forward, not to move less slowly backward. Every time I do anything to try to change my shitty life it just seems to save me from disaster rather than actually change anything. 

I'm sitting here with this gun that I've borrowed to shoot my cow and I can't help but wonder how nice itd be to finally get some rest.... but at the same time I don't even care enough to bother. I also know that I won't do it this time because I know it would fuck my bf up (its his gun). However I was also walking by the river today and o don't think it'll be long before I jump.

On the bright side I had a phone interview this morning for a position (applied last night) I'd love but idk if I can handle the rejection when it inevitably comes.

Edit: I also had a work injury 2 weeks ago so theres always the fun that goes with that. And my gma needs to move now which means that I have to sell my cows and my horse because the area is tpp expensive to really rent land even of some was available (which there isnt).