15 year old here, and I really want to kill myself. How can I make it painless?So I pretty much hate my life. I'm 15 and I know you guys will probably tell me that I'm too young and whatever but I just can't stand everything anymore. I hate what society turns people into and I hate how fucking annoying everyone is. I hate school and all of the fucking stress that comes along with it. I have so much work it's not even fair. What's the point of living if I'm having no fun what-so-ever. My girlfriend of basically two years broke up with me. But we're still friends and it's so hard seeing her everyday in school and it's just not the same because we aren't dating. 

School is the hardest part. The amount of projects/work we get is absolutely unbelievable. I should mention that I go to a Jewish day school which I hate. They pump all this bullshit about Israel into us and it's so fucking annoying. In addition, I have to take Bible class, Rabinnics, Jewish History and Hebrew ON TOP of English, Geometry, Global History, Health, Gym, Spanish, and Chemistry. I've thought about switching to Public School but the thought of leaving so many of the people I've been around since Kindergarden is such a tough thought.

My mom is fucking crazy. My parents are divorced and I love with my father. My dad's the best, though. He'll do whatever I need him to. 

I have severe ADHD and I take medication for it, I spoke to the doctor that prescribed it and told him I was having extreme suicidal thoughts and I thought it was from the medication, but he said that it wasn't. I went off the medication for two weeks and I'm still having those thoughts, now worse then ever.

I don't know what I want to do with my life. Everyday is the same fucking thing. School, work, school, work, school, work. What's the fucking point anymore? It's not doing anything. It's the same things OVER AND OVER, there's no point, I hate it. I just want to die. I've prayed so many times in hopes that I'd be killed to save myself the trouble.
My ex-girlfriend tries to help me and she knows about it. I'd call her in the middle of the night and just start crying my eyes out talking to her about how I want to die. But now when I call her she starts crying and telling me she's so scared I'm going to do something to myself and just just says "I just want to go sleep." It's like she doesn't even care. No one fucking cares. I cry every night, just wishing I'd die. I want to go to sleep and never wake up. 

Does anyone have any suggestions on how I could kill myself and how it will be painless? I have a bottle of advil, there's probably over 100 in the container and I'm thinking about just taking 40 and getting it over with but I hear it could hurt.