I'm tired and I know I need to die. I just wish I could help the people here before I leave.Reading all the posts here really makes me hope everyone sees the worth in themselves. Every post I read is written by someone who's suffering or have made mistakes, but they still seem genuine, honest, intelligent, and kind.

I think everyone who's arrived here has a lot of pain inside. Too much to bear. But I also think a little bit of caring and compassion would do wonders to ease it. Everyone always has at least some redeeming feature that I think makes them worthy of living. On the rare moments I manage to connect with a poster and help them in any tiny way, I smile; a small, sad smile.

I guess as someone who's beyond help, it comforts me just a little bit that I've helped perhaps even just one person who's not beyond help to keep living. People aren't worthless; the people here are simply kind, honest people who's struggling with depression or have lost something important in their life. 

I guess I'm an exception, then. Not an exception to be proud of, but just a simple anomaly. I truly don't deserve to live nor exist. I'm the type of person you could meet and forget about several minutes later; unnoticeable, invisible. I've been struggling with depression for several years, but the problem's deeper than that; it's who I am. I think I'm incapable of connecting with anybody; most people simply ignore me, and the especially kind few that even tries to talk to me I push away or hurt in one way or another. I've long since realised living any longer than I already have is neither good for me nor anybody else.

The only thing I find distraction in nowadays is in building computers. It's the only time I can ever focus and make a cowardly escape from my own worthlessness. It's soothing, in a way; all the parts are made with a purpose, and they serve it well. Even the smallest pin has a use; without it, the whole system would fail to boot. I wish that was the case; that I had even the smallest ability or purpose that would justify my existence. But that's only a daydream.

It hurts; it hurts like hell just thinking about it, but I know what I have to do. There's no place for a defective pin like me in this world. If I'm going to do anything good here, it'll be by the act of removing myself from it.

To everyone else who's in enough pain to visit this subreddit; I wish the best upon you. Honestly, I do. You might not be able to see it right now, but you always have something good that people will appreciate, even if they don't right now. I don't want this to be a typical "I hope everyone else does better than I do" post. If I could go out and help every single person here I would, but I can't and I don't even have the kind words or caring heart that could help them, and I would probably just hurt them even more if I tried.