My exhusbands inappropriate Fathers day requesttl;dr  My depressed exhusband  told is 9 year old son he wants death for Fathers Day

&amp;#x200B;

I wasn't sure how to title this that would get the point across appropriately.  My ex and I have been divorced for 6 months.  He is a good Dad, he sees the kids every day, tries to find things to do with them even during the quarantine, and makes a real attempt to connect with them.  He is even a good ex husband; when we divorced I made a lot more money and he could have sued for a lot more spousal support but all he wanted was what he needed to live.  He also left my 401k alone and let me have all that I got from selling the house since all the payments came from my paycheck.  The problem is he is a miserable human being.  He struggles with depression and suicidal thoughts and OCDs.  It isn't all the time but it is enough of it.  He also has very little patience with my ADHD 9 year old son.  When we were married, I tried very hard to get him help but he refused everything and always has.  The only thing he has done is go on to an antidepressant, but that was 15 years ago and I fear he needs an update on his meds.  I actually don't even know if he's even taking them anymore (I ask and he says he is).  

The core of the problem.  My 9 year old son, in the presence of my 7 year old daughter, asked him what he wanted for Fathers Day and their father told them "Death."  He said the same thing last year too.  My son thinks he's joking.  I know he's not.  I went to their Dad and asked him to not say such things to him.  My son already suffers from issues of his own.  And he told me "But its true"  then refused to talk to me any more and I had to go to work and leave them with him.

I can't afford a babysitter to watch them while I am at work.  He is all I've got. But I'm afraid of  their emotional well being when they are with him while he is like this.   I know someday he will do it.  I know he would not hurt the kids, he's not mad at me; he's just miserable with his life.  He's the one who asked for the divorce BTW.  I also don't know what to do to help him when he doesn't want to help himself.  I still love him and I always will.  He was my best friend.  

If you have any ideas I'd love to hear it.  I would also love to know how to prepare my kids for the possible inevitability he does leave them,