idk what to do so might as well kms xdi've been suicidal for the past few years of my life and i'm only 15. i've attempted a few times by overdosing and trying to cut my wrists but nothing has worked. my suicidal thoughts have only been getting worse and overwhelming and i don't know what to do. a couple of weeks back i was also raped by a friend and i fell pregnant. my parents aren't aware of this and i've had to deal with the abortion all by myself. the only person in my family i told was my cousin, who helped me alot. i told friends i went with school with recently as we had an argument and i've been acting really off. they've all unfriended me and kicked me out of all their group chats and whenever i message them, their replies are really dry and off, and that just tells me they don't want anything to do with me. my so called best friend sent me this message yesterday and i cried so much;- 

"ok im gonna send something i wrote literally five minutes ago

so then voice off ur opinions or if u have anything to say

ok im gonna say something and u definitely dont have to agree and i do understand that after what happened, you already have a lot going on. i don't know if i'm comfortable to be more than acquaintances with you, and it's been something that i've been conflicted with for five ish years? something like that. especially after what happened over this week, and with things i've experienced myself or heard from others. there are lots of things i have in mind, and i'd prefer to keep them to myself. i think we both know that we both were quite conflicting for each other as friends and it wasn't the healthiest of relationships. i have nothing against you wanting to stick around with the others, in fact i don't want you to feel isolated, because i know first hand how terrible that feels. i also do want to support you through what happens, but from a distance. having reflected over this week in particular, and the 5 years i've spent in your company, i hope you can and will respect what i ask for. i do mean it when i say i'm gonna be there for you though. and i do mean it when i say i'm grateful for the memories and experiences we've had together. thank you for being someone i could call a friend. :D"

&amp;#x200B;

tbh i don't really think she means. so this argument i had with a group of my friends started when my online friend logged onto my account because i was supposed to have been dead rn but it didn't work and she logged in too early. then my friends freaked out and thought it was me, obviously it wasn't. then i had to give the proof then send them screenshots of activity on my account etc etc it was a load of rubbish then one of my friends said they don't know if they can keep up with me anymore and yeah i haven't properly spoken to them since. they're the only people in my school who i can be myself with but obviously i can never be myself because i will be thought as being some suicidal psychopath. they did try helping me in the past as they told school about my eating disorder habits and how that would kill me but school only called my parents to tell them about this and my parents didn't do much regarding this. now because i eat lunch they think i'm cured of my ed, when in reality that is also getting worse. the current help i am getting is online therapy which isn't really doing much.  

&amp;#x200B;

I just feel so alone and everyday I wake up to just fight another war with myself and I've had enough. I'm even failing majority of my school exams and I have some next half term as soon as I go back to school. I have nothing to lose anymore so I don't know what's stopping me from killing myself. My school friends would just be sad about it for like a day or two and move on and idc what they think because they all have a bad image of me anyways, but the thought of leaving my family just really upset me last night but it's something i've got to do. i can't go on another day. as each day progresses, the walls keep caving in on me and it's as if i've got nowhere to go. later on today i'm going to try and get some sleeping pills and take them with some codeine, ibuprofen, naproxen and any other pills i can get hold off and try and suffocate myself in my sleep. however i doubt i will be able to go out today so i'm going to try myself to do so in the next week. i already stayed up until 3am last night writing my suicide letter. i've come to realisation that no matter what i'd do in my life, i'm never gonna be happy and no one will ever like me for who i truly am. my gf is only with me because she pities me. i'm never going to be enough for my family due to the fact i'm gay. i haven't come out to them yet ebcause being gay is a sin and seen as something bad in our religion and culture and in their culture they want me to get married in my early twenties, after i've graduated and have kids and just be a slave to him and patriarchy which i don't want. i want to focus on myself, have a career i want to and not be forced to go into medicine which i have no interest in. the things that used to make me happy was making youtube videos under this character i made and make music but i've lost all motivation to do so and it seems all my life is revolved around is exams and school. i'm sick and tired of everything and i just want to end it all.

&amp;#x200B;

thanks for coming to my ted talk xx