just a ranti just posted a long rant but accidentally deleted it

every day i'm suicidal but also scared of dying (like no one has heard that before). i am constantly jealous of many people. i wish i was prettier, born in a different place/time, into a more progressive time so life would be easier. wish i grew up multilingual.

every day i wish i could be reborn 50 or 100 years in the future. people have said it will take decades + longer for certain aspects of society to progress. i am jealous of those who live in more progressive societies than where i grew up, because they are more intelligent and healthier - mentally and physically. i will never be able to experience that dream. i am also jealous of people who haven't been born yet because tthey get to live in the future - where life will be easier as humanity advances.

i just find no use for my life. i can't live in this time because everything is dirty. at least where i live. everything is dirty and scummy and i can't handle it. the roads are cracked. it's too imperfect.

i've been in and out of college for a long time. and it sucks. i want to graduate but at the same time i want to learn as much as possible. just wish it didnt take so long. my degree won't be well-received internationally. it will not allow me to get meaningful international positions, which i need in order to live comfortably with my significant other in their home country in europe. yet i'm nervous we will end up homeless, whether we live there or in america, because we are fucked up individuals. i am trying to learn as much as i can while in school but it's too late i'm in so much debt. also the job market where he lives isn't supposed to be very good either. so we may end up homeless or with little money and break up because of it. so i am stuck at a crossroads. i feel old and like i;m fucking worthless. i'm jealous of people younger than me who still have time to learn and thrive and get the fuck out of wherever. i wanna travel and be independent and do whatever the fuck i want blah blah. i just feel like i am worthless compared to everyon ebecause of where i was born, my issues, etc. it makes me feel awful. 