There is nothing left for me. Hi guys. Recently (last 4-6 weeks) I have come to the realization that there is nothing, and I mean nothing at all keeping me from ending my life. I know a lot of people go through rough times and such, but I am 20 years old and I have been through enough heartbreak to last a lifetime. When I was 17, I lost both my parents and my sister in a car crash, I survived. I have no other family nearby, and I can count my good friends on one hand. I had been dating a girl from I was 15 until 19 and on her 19th birthday we went out for a few drinks with some friends. She complained of not feeling well, which was strange because she had always been a sensible drinker and she only had one drink at the time. I ordered a taxi, brought her home, tucked her into bed and went home. I got a call the next morning from her mum, and, she had died. There was a post-mortem conducted and Ecstacy(sp) was found to be the cause of death. I still to this day don't believe she would have took E-tabs, or any other drug for that matter. She was perfect. She was beautiful, funny, intelligent and my best friend. She was, and still is the only girl I have ever loved. I blamed myself for what happened that night. I don't have any doubt in my mind that it was somewhat my fault. I knew something was wrong because I knew her so well. I should have brought her to A&amp;E when she passed out. I made a mistake and it has been eating away at me ever since. I haven't been able to talk about it and I go to bed every night thinking to myself, what if? At this stage it has got too much for me to handle. I have lost everyone who has ever really mattered to me. I am 20 years old, live alone off the insurance money I got from my family dying. I have no career prospects as I couldn't  motivate myself to work for my A/Levels, despite doing really well at GCSE ( I live in Northern Ireland, so to clarify GCSEs are exams you do at 16 and A/Levels are exmas you do at 18, provided you pass enough GCSEs). My goal was to pass my A/Levels and do a degree in Computing in England, but obviously this never materialised. I have nothing. I just want to end it because I can't take this anymore. Finally, I'm sorry if it seems like I'm rambling, I just had to get this off my chest before I do anything. 