I think I'm in trouble.Suicide has recently been on my mind a lot more than usual. Today I tried to open up to my only friend, but she did not seem to take me seriously. I really wanted to talk about it, but most of the conversation was steered towards sexuality and her relationship. When we started talking about it she started watching really depressing commercials. I could not handle it and had to leave, as they made me feel drained.

I feel uneasy about contacting the suicide hotline, mostly because I am not actively suicidal. I do not want to keep them from helping someone in immediate need. It usually just pops into my mind after something stresses me out or makes me upset...things like driving into other vehicles while traveling. I've had these thoughts before, but never this frequent. It seems almost anything triggers it now. I feel confident I would never act on the driving bit, due to the fact that I would never want to hurt another person, but what if? I would never be able to live with myself if I followed through with the impulse.

I am so confused and have nobody to turn to. I never interact with people outside of work, and it's getting harder. I've tried to make friends, but I have a hard time. I'm not a conventional person and it takes a while for most people to warm to me. I literally only have one friend, and it's very difficult for me to reach her. We usually go months without speaking to one another.

I also cried for the first time since I was a child (I'm 26 now). I was so confused as to what was happening, I thought it was a bad sneeze. I don't know what to think of this, I feel like I am falling apart. I have even "jokingly" created different scenarios detailing how I could kill myself. Nobody laughs at it, but nobody really seems concerned. I don't know if it's because I am generally a weird guy or if it's because everyone knows I will not act on it. I don't know...I think posting this will be enough to get me to sleep, but I think I need more than that. When I wake up, I'll probably feel normal...but I know it's lingering, just waiting for another bad mood. I know I am not a lost case, but I feel like my mind is becoming more and more comfortable with suicide and that scares me.