.my parents argued since i can remember. and not like argue then apologize to each other, they always threw vicious remarks at each other, never apologized and just waited to the next day. i was scared of them and never felt comfortable around them. every vacation together every free day i was scared that they'll start arguing. i always wished they had a divorce before i was born so that i wouldn't exist. especially my father. my mother may  be annoying at times but generally shes ok. but i hate my father. i always wanted him to disappear. he is a total narcissist with victim mentality. every time someone criticized him for his behavior he said that everyone hates him. he always told everyone what to do and didnt understand when they wouldnt listen. he always ended every tirade of his with "why i even bother talking" to which i always though to myself "think that before you start talking so that we dont have to listen to you". but in front of other family they never behaved like this and no one thought anything like that. i sometimes even wanted to record them and show to the rest of family that only i have to suffer it. or i sometimes wished i was born into straight up alcoholic or abusive family so that everyone knows that and they bail me out of this. but i never spoke to anyone about this. i acquired learned helplessness that i cant do anything about it. also i had budding depression because i think because i didnt enjoy spending time with them. like every christmas and easter i just thought how there is christmas and soon there will be after it, and time flies. every summer vacation i just thought that it soon will be over.

i signed up to soccer practice as a kid. at the first practice other kids gave me an insulting nickname and called me it from then on. that basically cut my contact with any of them. i just went there every time, put on my shoes or whatever, suffer the practice and went home. and i didnt stop and never told anyone about this, i just went there every time even though i didnt enjoy. more learned helplessness. i remember one time i burst out crying in my parents car but never told them why. but i didnt trust them anyway. then i was trying to avoid the kids that went to that practice and knew of my nickname. no one in my class did, but other kids in the school did and i panically avoided them. i didnt want my friends to know that others insult me.

i had some friends back then but basically i started cutting ties with them. they started going to parties, meeting people and i was panically scared. so i was left out with basically one friend who i desperately clinged on to. but i was always second option, he had other friends and i had no one else. same in later school, when there wasn't 1 or 2 people i was comfortable with i just sat alone panically scared that someone will talk to me. some in college basically.

i didnt talk to people because i had nothing to talk about. they went to parties etc. i just sat alone at home, mindlessly scrolling internet. in middle school i still had motivation to do something but my problems with sleep started. i couldnt get up early. i literally woke up every weekend at 2pm and felt shame. and my parents only made fun of it and told to 'just wake up early'. every summer i wanted to do somethign but only before they went back home from work, because after they came back i was paralyzed and just sat in my closed room. but i never could get up early so i never did anything.

and thats basically to this. my life for the past 10 years consisted entirely of waking up at 2pm, mindlessly scrolling internet, studying, sleeping, eating garbage food and masturbating. mindlessly scrolling internet to pass time, eating garbage food and masturbating because that's the only spikes of dopamine. i literally cant live. i wake up and don't know what to do because i dont enjoy anything. i have no plans, no dreams, no things i enjoy. i dont watch movies, read books, go anywhere at all, talk to anyone. i literally can barely talk. i can barely walk, i am self consciouss of everything - my voice, how i talk, how i walk. i hate the entirety of myself. or maybe not hate but i just don't feel myself. i have no personality, i am literal no-life, and i dont mean someone who enjoys video games and nerdy stuff, i dont enjoy anything. i never went out with anyone, never been on a date, never went to friend's house (after elementary school basically), never went to a party. i never casually talked to anyone. i never texted to anyone. i am entirely depersonalized and derealized. i feel like i am alone in the universe. never connected to anyone. i shunned myself at the age of 10 years old. i dont want to do anything.

now my family wants to help (because i had a suicide attempt and was in psychiatric hospital) they want me to get a job, go to school or something. but i don't want to. i won't go to a job interview, i can't talk to people. even when I got a job (because someone from my family gave me it) it was a disaster. i tried school but ditched it because it was a disaster. everywhere i go i am an outcast. and no surprise, given that i'm 22 years old and i cant talk to people. and i cant talk to people because what to talk about? i literally dont do anything. i have no favorite movies, books, music, foods. i dont have human emotions. i never connected to another human being. i am empty shell larping as a human.

they forced me to go to therapy but i dont believe in it. i dont believe anything can help me. i am 22 but never experienced basic human things. 8 year old children have more life experience than me. i never learned anything because nothing matters to me. because i am completely depersonalized. i always waited for things to happen. when i was in middle school i literally "waited" till ill meet people, go on dates, first kiss etc. but it never happened. now i just feel void. but i cant kill myself either. i tried many times and always chickened out. i am cursed to vegetation like this.

sorry if this reads like schizophrenic rambling. I am not schizophrenic, I just had a complete breakdown and been crying for 2 hours. I am too tired to even capitalize letters. I am completely depersonalized, even what I just wrote doesn't feel like my life. I feel like I'm describing someone else or making things up. Yet finally I think it got to me that there's no help, there's no hope. Maybe I'll get the courage to kill myself finally.