I'm so exhaustedI know that suicide is one of the most selfish things a person can do. The only reason I haven't is because of my parents; they're the only people I'm really close to, and as sad as it may be, they're the closest things to friends I've ever had. They have no idea about how I've felt for the past several years. I don't want to go just yet; I imagine my mom crying at my funeral, both of them not knowing or understanding the reasoning behind my actions. I don't think I know fully why I want to die; I look at my life most days and try to find the value of my existence in the world and I don't see very much of it. I don't see the goodness in people anymore. My parents have taken out so many loans to let me go to college, and they do all they can to make sure I'm not left needing anything, or wanting much, though there's not much really that I want.
My parents are the only people that would miss me when I'm gone, and they're the only people I can't bear to think of hurting. I don't know how to make friends, and I don't know who to talk to. I've tried going to meetup groups and joining a club/org, but I don't know how to talk without sounding like a retard; all my life, the words that come out of my mouth have never properly matched those in my head. I come out looking like a social retard. I've been to a therapist, but all she had to say was cliche bullshit. 


I'm so tired though. I look up at tall buildings when I'm riding around the city on the bus and I wonder which floor I would need to jump off to ensure a quick death. Lately I've been thinking about making it look like an accident though, so that I don't leave my parents with any lasting questions about my decision. I want them to think that I died happy, or at the very least, content with life, just like they think I am now. I don't want to jump out in front of a bus or a car; I don't want to negatively affect that person's life for my selfishness. I used to feel so spineless and weak for wanting to off myself without taking the chance to counter the obstacles the world has to offer, but I've long since stopped caring. I just haven't figured out a way to make it look like an accident yet without harming anyone.