Sometimes it is hard to find hope.Hey guys, just want to talk a little about my situation here...
Firt of all, sorry for my ocasional bad english: It is not my native tongue and I don't have many opportunities of using it. I found this subreddit cause I looked around the web for a place I could speak to someone. I can't talk about this with my family, I love them so much, but I dont want to give them another worry...

My problem is: I see myself as a burden for the world to carry, and I feel that everybody would be better off if I did not exist. I feel as sometimes that I can't do anything right and do any good for anyone. That I only caused people to feel  bored or tired of me. Or worse, unhappy. It happened with a woman, maybe the only one who loved me.We broke up, cause she cheated on me, but deep down I know it was my fault. Maybe because I probably made her unhappy and I deserve the bad things that keep happening. She is better off without me, I know. 

And every relationship it's like this. I falled in love with a woman, and I love her since high school, and I let her go, just because I think that such a great woman should not be unhappy. She is alone since them, and so am I. But this is the right thing. 

And maybe I should just disappear, make the life of my family better (I don't have any kids), my friend's lives, cause I'm just fucking useless. 

The thing that really makes me suffer the most is that I never passed nothing in my life, I don't have no traumas, I have a good life, I make reasonable good money, I have a doctor's degree in Law, I'm young (29). I should have more hope but I don't.

And I keep thinking that it is the right thing... That I should die or isolate myself from others. I'm a Roman Catholic and I have a deep faith in afterlife and in Grace, but sometimes I cannot help myself of asking how could anyone, even God, love me. And this undeserved love I receive from Him and from my family are thw two only things that keeps me moving foward...

It's just that sometimes I cannot stop hating myself, and seeing the world as a better place without me.

Thank you, guys. 