22/M. Feeling HopelessI just want to start this post by saying that I never had been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder or ADHD until May of 2020. I remember the exact day I panicked because I thought I was having a heart attack. It was on the 14th (technically the morning of the 15th, around 2 am). My chest was incredibly tight, and my left arm had a shooting pain. I was running around my house thinking I was going to die. Incredibly numb all over and was nauseated. Couldn't talk. I kept telling myself "I need to throw up maybe I will feel better, or I will die", so I stuck my fingers down my throat and vomited. I felt better, but my anxiety was still incredibly high. I eventually calmed down and fell asleep later that night.  

That next day (still the 15th of May) I already had plans to go frisbee golfing with my friend, so I did. I was incredibly anxious the whole time I was there and still thought I was going to die of a heart attack because I still had chest tightness and arm pain. I was smoking weed for a couple of years before this and decided to give it up because it was contributing to my anxiety, not helping it. A week went by of suffering and I finally decided to go to the doctor. They said that it likely isn't my heart but my stomach, due to the chest tightness (I have GERD), and the anxiety or a pinched nerve was likely causing the arm tightness. We didn't check my heart but we did check my blood and found I was just vitamin D deficient (lots of people are, especially during these covid-19 times), so they gave me meds to help. We also increased my PPI intake, which is an acid reducer, from 20mg to 40mg. 

The new meds weren't working. I had constant stomach pain and diarrhea. It is tough to admit this, but I was an alcoholic for a couple of years from the age of 19-21. Weed helped me get over this (let it be known that I do NOT recommend using another drug to get over an addiction, but it worked for me). I started drinking again to numb the constant anxiety I was having. I was drinking like 4-6 beers a night between the months of May to July. I went back to the doctor and he recommended I get an endoscopy. I was incredibly terrified at the thought of this so I put it off. We also found out that through a blood test, I likely have a gluten intolerance or potentially even celiacs disease. I started going gluten-free in late July of this year. 

Many months went by of worry and anxiety, depression, stomach pain, and everyday dissociation. I have gone back to the doctor 4 times in the past 2 months. I thought maybe my kidney's were failing, the heart was failing, etc. (let it be known my kidneys are good and my heart is good, after a urine test and an ECG). They recommended I take antidepressants. I said I was worried to do so because I didn't want them to change me, so I didn't start on them. I have also increased my alcohol intake DRAMATICALLY at this point. I am now drinking around 10 standard drinks a night, but it was at 20 every night for a couple of weeks until I realized I NEED to get off the alcohol. I had made it one whole day without drinking a couple of weeks ago, so I know I can do it and I will do it. I have been weaning off slowly, but surely. That itself is causing intense anxiety, sleep deprivation, malnourishment, vitamin deficiency, and dissociation. I have antidepressants now, but I haven't started taking them because I am worried the combination of them and the alcohol will either kill me or damage something. That is the reason I am weaning off, so I can start taking them and get my life under control. I also have scheduled counselor appointments to help understand my anxiety and how to treat it.

I also scheduled my endoscopy, finally, for the 23rd of November. Even though I am extremely anxious about the situation and procedure, it is for the greater good and I really need to go through with it. Something has to be wrong, as normal people don't throw up after eating meals and have a really tight chest after eating meals. I have been dissociating every single day and every time I leave the house I panic. I can't even get a hair cut without (had one today) without anxiety. Almost panicked right there in the room. I CANNOT stop pacing and fidgeting, and if I don't fidget or pace I feel like I am going to explode.

I feel better off dead. I have called the suicide hotline twice. I keep trying to help myself but things are getting worse, not better. I am taking steps in the right direction but I still feel like absolute shit every single day. Please help give me advice.