I can't do this anymore. I'm trying, but I can't.My post was removed from /r/depression (I switched to my main account and it said [removed] in the main post) so I'm posting here.

__

This is a throwaway because my friends know my reddit account and I'd rather not bother with their faux sympathy.

I'm currently 15, and I'm talking medication to treat "mild" (according to the person who did the evaluation, but I don't feel that it is) depression. 100mg Sertraline (Zoloft). I see a counselor every two weeks, and a therapist (who does nothing but give me a prescription) once a month. I've been doing this a little over a year now (last October is when I started).

I go to school on the bus and listen to music to block out the world. I go to a trade school for half of my day, and when I'm there, I ignore people and do my work. For my normal classes at my actual high school, I sleep through my classes. I'm flunking English (used to be my best subject) and Gym. Bio and math are extremely easy, so I currently have C's in both of those subjects. After that, I go home. When I'm home, I'm usually in my room with the door locked listening to music, playing video games, or sleeping. I sleep about 12 hours a day, between classes and home. I stay up all night for reasons unknown. I only talk to two people outside of my family, my sort-of girlfriend, and my close friend. Everyone else I talk to is during lunch, and even then it's not a real conversation.

Whenever I try to talk to my girlfriend, nothing comes out. I mean, *something* does, but it's mostly "haha" "lol" or "soo.." after the typical "hi, hello, what's up, nmu, nm how was your day, okay ig you, okay". I even talked to her about this, and she feels the same way. Neither of us can talk to each other, and that hurts me, because we used to talk for *hours upon hours* about *nothing*. And now, I just feel like a conversation is a burden.

When I'm out of my house, I feel out of place. I feel like everyone is staring and laughing at me. I also feel like I'm a side character in my own book. I don't even feel like myself. I've become numb and so far removed that I just feel like I'm watching what I'm doing from behind a screen, sort of like a first-person movie. I don't feel in control of my own actions. My thinking is slow and cloudy, like I just woke up.. 

I get random bursts of happiness, but it's not happiness so much as "what's happening right now doesn't such as much as life normally does". I laugh, I smile, I make jokes if I do talk, but deep down, I'm dead.

My mother (father is gone) and my counselor say they're proud of my progress, and while it's true I was happier for a while, and that was a step forward, I feel like I've taken six steps back. In fact, I'm worse off than when I started going to therapy and such. But I don't tell them that because I feel like a disappointment.

I'm not actively suicidal. But the only thing that keeps me here is how my family would feel (I still maintain some form of empathy) and my girlfriend. If my family didn't care and I didn't have her, I probably wouldn't be here to be typing this.

It's not that I don't *want* to care about things, it's just that I can't. There's nothing that interests me anymore. I play video games to distract me, because it's hard to think about how sad you are when you're setting a group of enemies on fire in TF2, huh? I listen to music to try and overwrite the voice in the back of my head that tells me I'm a worthless disappointment. If I'm not doing either of those, I'm sleeping, because being unconscious is close enough to death.

I just can't stand it anymore. Life feels like a burden. I feel like I'm drowning. I'm a shell of my former self. I don't know what to do. Is there anything I can do?

Please. Someone, please.

TL;DR: Help. 