DisconnectedI work at Starbucks. I get to force myself to not be me and its good because then I'm just not really there. I take a step back and go through the motions and wear the mask of a happy and okay person, but I live inside my head and its not a nice place to be.

I don't really have feelings any more. I haven't for a few years. I feel disconnected from my body. I can feel completely neutral and numb in my mind, but my body will be in hysterics screaming or crying. The worst part is I cannot even explain this properly because how the hell is it believable that a mind and body aren't in sync and that even though it looks like I'm letting emotions out and feeling things, inside is just a black hole numbing my everything.

I've tried therapy. And medication. Medication and therapy. I've been doing so since the 6th grade. It was supposed to get better, but it isn't. No matter what medication I'm on (and I've tried a shitload) it doesn't help me to feel. I can't feel. I can't connect to myself. It drives me crazy and I honestly don't know what to do.

I don't really have a support network. I was with my girlfriend for two ish years and before that she was my best friend since we had met in the 8th grade. It just wasn't working. I don't have my father in my life, and my mother is in no mental state to offer support or comfort of any kind. She's in a particularly aggressive manic state of her mental illness. She is a good mother, don't get me wrong, but she's so broken already, she can't help me. I've tried asking her for help, and it just breaks her down more.

I don't have any close friends. I don't really socialise much, and don't have a way to meet people. I'm not in school right now since I could not afford to. My co workers and I have different opinions and morals, so we don't really mesh in the friendship area.

I've been told I should try going to groups for people with similar issues, but I've tried that as well and its just a room full of broken people reminding me how not okay I am. Is it really so wrong of me to just want a group of friends who don't use me as an emotional dump to complain and unload everything on? I just want to be around people who are okay and positive sometimes.

It might seem like I'm overly dramatic, but truth be told I really truly do not have one single person I can spend time with to just not be alone and left with myself. And I'm really fucking terrified of myself. When I'm alone I just don't feel anything and am just not afraid to die. I just want to stop existing and disappear. I have to use every ounce of energy to stop myself from falling off my balcony, electrocuting myself, turning the steering wheel and smashing into the cement walls head on at 120km/h on the highway...

I don't want to hurt my mother any more than she already is, but I don't want to be alive. I wish I could just do it and stop being so empty and disconnected from everything, everyone, and myself. The only thing stopping me is hurting people and messing them up. But right now, I think I'm at a point where even that is starting not to matter. And I'm scared of myself, reddit. I am.