My best friend wants to commit suicide and I don't know what to do because I can't find any reason to live either.(Sorry if it's long, I'd appreciate it if you read it in all but I'll make a summary at the end in case you don't want to read it all)

This is being a shitty year.  I have always been a person with very low self-esteem and I’m ridiculous and I feel very bad being around others because they see that I’m stupid.
 Despite all this I have always been very joyful and everyone thinks that I am very happy.

At the beginning of this year I began to feel very bad and I began to wish I had not been born, the world completely lost its sense.  everything is unfair, dark and evil, and I don't understand how human beings can be so cruel and I feel very stupid because things that have nothing to do with me hurt me very deeply.

When the quarantine began here in Spain, I had a terrible time, the months that we were locked up at home I spent all day without leaving my room and I began to distance myself a lot from my friends.  I wasn't talking to them and I thought they’d be better without me.  Those months I couldn't even hear my own voice and when I cried I had to put on my headphones with music because it made me sick to listen to myself.

At the end of April I found out from another friend that my best friend was having a bad time and she and that she didn't want to tell me anything about that, and in the middle of the following month my best friend told me that she wanted to commit suicide and that her parents had sent her to the emergency psychiatrist and that she was going to  go to the psychologist.
 I couldn't see her because we were in quarantine and I was incredibly afraid that she would die and that I couldn't do anything, I spent weeks crying every day.

 The days went by and I finally could see her and although she was bad it seemed that in time she would recover.  I felt very guilty and very stupid and I thought I was a shitty friend and that she deserved to have better friends.

Two weeks before ”selectividad” (university entrance exams) my parents divorced.  It was a very unexpected blow because everything seemed fine.  I have spent these months near to my mother because she is so sad, and my father does not speak to me almost anything, it seems that he forgot that he has children.  Sometimes I think that he has never loved me.

 Less than a month ago my grandfather died, I saw him sick and more and more sunken, until he died.  This also affected my mother a lot because he was her father.
 Despite all this I know that my mother will be fine because she is going to the psychologist and little by little I see her better.

 I feel nothing when I meet my friends and I have been selfharming for months to calm my pain.  I keep thinking that everyone secretly dislikes me even though they are nice to me.

 Today my best friend told me that she wanted to commit suicide.  It is hard for me to tell her to try to be strong and fight again because I understand what it’s to be so exhausted that you just want to end it all, I am not able to tell her anything so that she understands that life is worth living because I do not find the meaning of life either, I am incapable  to honestly tell her that cutting is wrong because I can't stop doing it myself and I don't understand why.




 [SUMMARY AND END]
 I am an insecure person and I feel stupid around others, this year my best friend is suffering from depression and I have not been able to help her, my parents got divorced, my grandfather has died, I am selfharming after three years  without doing so and i have been having suicidal thoughts for months.
 Best friend told me that she wanted to commit suicide and I haven't been able to tell her anything because I can't find a reason not to do it either.

 Now she is in the emergency psychiatrist because I managed to convince her to tell her parents, but she is sure that she is going to do it and I know that she will die because I am stupid and I have never been able to help her.
 She needs a friend who is not a problem anymore, someone who can really help her, not me.
 She is my reason to live and I am not able to do anything now, I feel useless, stupid, garbage!  For this and for everything.

 I need some advice to help her because I don't know what to do !!!!