Everyone is guilting me about my suicide attemptTwo months after a breakup I attempted suicide. It was the final straw, but I was already struggling with my grades and future employment. I was at university and had decided to stay for the summer for my work. I had been alone for some time with the exception of my housemate who had just come back a few days before the attempt.

A month before this I had come close to committing suicide but never attempted it. On that night, while my ex  was out with her friends (who had become my best friends by the time we broke up), I called her asking to come be with me because I felt hopeless and was worried I’d harm myself. I did not know she was out. She told me to leave her alone and not to make those threats.

The next day she accused me of manipulating her. Her (our) friends were still talking to me at this point. I was with them and a fight broke out. They accused me of the same things and said it was wrong to put that weight on any of their shoulders. I told them I needed a friend and they told me to seek professional help. I retorted that I needed more than that. 

That was the last I spoke with them.

Being on poor terms with my family, the only person I could resort to was my only remaining friend, whom I was already in strained terms with. 

He left for a month and that’s when I really fell into despair. I had already made up my mind and made my attempt a few days after he came back.

He found me the next day, I told him what happened, and he called the police. I stayed in a hospital overnight, and my parents called me asking how could I do this and my dad guilted me for the stress I had put my mom through. 

My roommate did not tell me this, but he had been talking to his parents, the the suicide hotline, and the police in order to figure out how to remove me from the house. He was not comfortable and did not feel safe in the house knowing that I had attempted suicide. He did not want the risk and possible trauma if I broke down again.

His parents drafted up a legal letter threatening to evict me if I did not leave on the grounds that I was a threat to their son and could harm him mentally and possibly physically since my attempt was so violent. 

I had no choice, but to leave. My roommate said he agreed with his parents and said it was not fair for me to put him through this. He had been freaking out thinking that his roommate might kill himself and he didn’t want to be responsible.  

I agreed to leave thinking I had no choice. I tried to contact my ex and one of “our” best friends to let them know what happened and that I would be leaving for awhile. 

Apparently, my roommate had already told them what happened. He told them that I had attempted suicide, that evicting me would put me through more stress, and it’s best that none of them contact me for awhile Incase it pushes me over the edge. Let me also add that he revealed to me that he said “if he can do that to himself, who knows what hell do to us if he does it again” 

Consequently, neither of them wished to talk to me. My ex said that she did not wish to hear what I had to say and accused me of manipulating her again. Her friend didn’t even respond to the text. 

My parents came to pick me up and take me back home. They have tried to be empathetic, but it has been difficult for them as it has never been easy for them to show emotion.

Let me also add that my ex and I ended our relationship because she did not feel she loved me. It was not because of an ugly fight or because the way we treated each other. I can’t comprehend how she treated me so coldly as if we did end because I did something awful to her. Truthfully, I think she was just scared to death over the whole thing which made her act this way. 

Regardless, I feel completely aimless and like I’ve lost everything. I have never felt worse than I do now. 

I also feel guilty, like I’ve done something wrong, but I don’t feel it’s right that people have guilted me for feeling suicidal and why no one has been there for me when I needed it. 

Can someone please help me through this? Have I done something wrong? It just doesn’t seem right to guilt me for this.