Sought help for the first time at school. Was told to “deal with it” by my guidance counselor.I finally sought out help to maybe change my outlook on life. Reddit isn’t very helpful (or anywhere online for that matter) because typing up a “stay strong” or “you are loved. Please get help as soon as possible. . .” just doesn’t feel genuine to me, especially since I don’t even know who’s writing me this message. Because my parents are out of town, I scheduled a session with my school counselor (last Tuesday by the way) and finally got called in today.

It was hard to open up because I’ve never talked to anyone about wanting to kill myself so I sounded a mess, and although I wasn’t expecting much, I did think my counselor would at least feign interest and concern. I was completely wrong. She seemed very annoyed from the moment I walked in because I cut her phone call short. She didn’t bother to try to comfort me throughout our discussion (if you can even call it that) which, again, I wasn’t expecting much but I didn’t think it was going to be this bad. So while I sound a mess telling her how things have been rough for a long time, she basically says to get to the point because she has a meeting once third period ends (she said that she had a meeting shortly and if I would like help I should tell her what exactly is bothering me. She said it in a very aggressive and indignant tone). Shocked by this, I struggle to find my words and don’t know how to say “I want to kill myself” so I’m mumbling an stuttering because of how uncomfortable and unwelcomed I feel. She then proceeds to cut me off and tells me that she understands. She understands that I’m going through a rough time and that life has its ups and downs after all. But if I can’t tell her exactly what’s wrong then she can’t help me and goes on to make this bullshit ass analogy about this being like a patient not telling the doctor the symptoms for the doctor to determine what’s wrong. I try to and she then proceeds to say that everyone goes through difficulties and that It’s normal, but we can’t allow ourselves to fall apart because one bad thing happened. If that was the case “everyone would be like” me, incoherent with their words and unable to make progress with a situation. She tells me that she can recommend a support group, a few school clubs targeted to raise social awareness (which WTF does that even mean), and provide me with the contact information of local psychiatrists, but if I can’t thoroughly explain what’s wrong then maybe I should compose myself and thoughts and (quote, I don’t think I’ll ever forget this) “deal with it. It’ll be tough but everyone goes through hard times and not everyone falls apart because of it. This is proof that you can work past this.” 

At this point I’m so fucking pissed and honestly on the verge of tears so I just walk out and apologize for wasting her time. She doesn’t call after me or even tries to get me to go back to her office.

My one attempt at wanting to fix my suicidal thoughts blows up in my face and results in me wanting to die even more. Honestly, fuck that bitch. When I kill myself in April I’m going to write a lengthy suicide note in which I’ll make sure to mention her and that situation. Hopefully when I die she’s the first one to know.this just further validated my belief that people don’t give a shit and I can’t believe I was stupid enough to change this thought

TL;DR: Went to school counselor and she was annoyed and bitchy throughout our whole meeting. Basically told me to deal with it like everyone else and didn’t even try to go after me when I walked out of her office