My Reasons For and Against Suicide1.  I'm a "typical", lazy, atheist, liberal, male in early 20s.  Just no motivation and I prefer feeling sorry for myself than doing anything.  And this makes me sorry for myself.

2.  Used to be a college athlete. Now, partly from meds, I gained 50 pounds.

3.  Flunked out of 2 colleges because I stopped going to classes and trying.  From of a family of doctors.  And my IQ is good enough for me to STFU and work hard.

4.  Have a horrible sleep habit.  Can't fall asleep at reasonable hours.  Sleep 10 or 12 hours and still feel bad/don't want to get up.

5. Realize how dumb many people are, including my mom, but knowing that intelligence isn't as important as Emotional IQ.  I can't stand the ignorantly blissful people I know.

6. Diagnosed with clinical depression about 6 years ago.  Been to a handful of psychologist and DON'T UNDERSTAND IT AT ALL.  How is talking to someone supposed to make me feel better?  First off, I'm one of those guys who can't talk about his emotions very well.  Second, what possible breakthroughs could happen?  Especially when I know he/she is just trying to help always.  Idk...

7.  I hate myself even though I'm not really a bad person, although, I sometimes want to be a jerk, because I am just so sick of superficial people.  And not just people who only care about themselves, but ANYONE WHO DOESN'T care about philosophical/ethical issues of today.


8.  I procrastinate way too much, though this seems to be the undoing of many young people today.  How do track of what's going on in the world when there are so many great websites, etc.  (and yes, reddit has helped somewhat, but also made it worse too I suppose)

9.  Nihilism:  killing myself WILL take away all my problems since the idea of an post-life life is absurd.  But obviously it will hurt those around me.

10.  Ennui/boredom


Against Suicide

1.  Family, especially siblings.  They are definitely good people on the whole.

2.  I live in America, a first world country.  I know how lucky I am.  But it doesn't matter how bad people have it.  If you have a disease, you don't suddenly feel better if you think about how much worse it could have been.

3.  Technology is getting so much better and so quickly.  It would be cool to see how much better it improves in the next few decades.

4.  So many books and movies to enjoy.

5.  Seeing how much better the world is getting in some ways:  free speech, religious rights (i.e. atheists elected to office), gay rights, caring about the environment.  Inspiring.

6.  I enjoy meeting people, but it's hard to truly meet someone, (i.e. not just friend them on Facebook.)

Thank you.
