I'm living 95% of my life for the 5% I'm happy.So yeah. 95% of the time I'm contemplating suicide. I've been told all my life that it's the most selfish thing one could do, but is ending your life really selfish if continuing to live would be worse? The top reasons I want to commit suicide are as follows:

1) School. This is my first year in a public school (I've been homeschooled all my life). Now that I'm in the NCVA, my grades have plummeted, even though I spend a lot more time doing schoolwork. As a homeschooler, most of my test results were in the college level, as a public schooler, I'm below average. It's absolutely taken over my schedule, and it's the number one reason I want to die.

2) My Mom. She certainly knows how to make my free time miserable. She treats nobody kindly, not even my Dad. She has no clue how to raise someone with autism (more on that later). So yeah, quite frankly, she's a b*tch.

3) My siblings. I know numbers 2 and 3 are stereotypical, but in my opinion, I have the most selfish, self-centered, bratty siblings ever. At least my youngest brother is cute.

4) My schedule. Most of the free time I have I have to lie about. My parents don't even know I have a Reddit account, and they would kill me if they found out (at least then I would be happy).

5) My disorders. I have autism, and I'm 80% sure I have bipolar too. Autism I actually like, although it does make my social life awkward, but at the end of the day, I wouldn't lose it if I could. Bipolar on the other hand I would gladly lose. And the worst part is, nobody else knows I have it.

Sorry if that was a bit weird. I just like to lay things out mechanically. You could say it's an autism superpower. So 95% of my life is hell. The other 5% of my life is when I'm at church (and I don't even consider myself a Christian). When I'm at church, I help out in children's ministry, get to see my friends (the main reason I haven't committed suicide yet, aside from me being a p*ussy, is them), play video games (yeah, my church is awesome), and just have an all around blast. Unfortunately, 5% of my life isn't enough to keep my going. I'm 12, and nearly jumped off a wall on Wensday. I don't know how long it will be until I follow through with it.

P.S Thanks if you read all that. At least there's someone out there who cares...

