Well, I guess I'm trapped then...Well, took my mother long enough, but it we finally had that fucking 'Family Meeting" she was planning on having for the past few weeks.

It just basically just boiled down to, "I need help, we have no money, people need to contribute to the pot, this is our last chance".

You know, all of that fine desperate stuff before shit hits the fan and everyone goes into fucking free fall.

So now, that one glimmer of hope I had in my eyes of quitting my shitty job, of just "being the buffer" until my mother could get a job... is gone...

Now I'm trapped at my dead end job at Wal-Mart, forced to work their because everyone took this "oath" back in New York that when we moved to Washington, everyone was going to work in order live "happier lives" that we would "have a fresh start" and that "all of our old problems are going to be over."

It's not like I fucking asked for all of these responsibilities...

Having to work a job I loathe because it's expected of me, and yet my brother got to wait so long to have an easy life...

I almost got fired on Saturday at work because no one told me that my schedule was changing every other week, and my horrible miserable cunt of a boss screamed at be for "being tardy" and leaving early...

it's not like anyone told me about that, this fucking place I work at is horribly understaffed and management expects so much shit to be done for only half of the store's amount of employees to handle.

And when things are done right, they just scream at you, or fire you when they lose their patience, not like they ever had any fucking "patience in he first place.

Just when I was getting use to being miserable at work, then they change everything up on me and get mad that I didn't get use to it fast enough.  
So here I am, stuck in this stinking ship, scraping by for food every night.

And it doesn't fucking help either that literally "if one more bad thing happens" we are fucking screwed and will face the very real consequences of being fucking homeless.

And even if I said during that family meeting "Yeah hey Mama? I want to stop working, is that okay?" everyone would look at me like some kind of fucking selfish monster for even daring to want to go back to the way I use to live.

Then we'd have to plan a move with the no money we have saved up...

It's a battle we have been fight since we first got here, and I have no idea why this has to fucking happen... 

Thing where supposed to get better, not worse...

But I guess that's life in a nutshell isn't?

Life is just a fucking eternal hole of suffering and misery that we all eventually have to fall into, and most of us will never get out of it without losing something important...

The fact you are only given so many chances to fuck up in life before everything you once loved will be taken from you in a heartbeat, and the fact that "giving up" is barely an option...

And how painfully ironic that this rotten society we live in won't even allow you to kill yourself without still have "bills to pay" even after you have decided that enough is enough and embrace death's sweet release.

I haven't been this unhappy in a very long time.

Sure, I had my bad days, we all do, you aren't expected to "be happy" every single day of your life.

But then again, I'm sure that it's not good either to be so miserable, so fucking mad at the world and wishing death upon those who have wronged you, and even yourself... Truly that isn't a way to live life either.

The things that once made me happy are barely making me crack a smile anymore.

I have to "hide" my misery and anguish just because it'll upset my parents.

So I just have to walk around my crumbling household, with a expression of dulled pain on my face.

All I wanted to do in life, is to enjoy myself.

I was able to once upon a time I loved to draw and create, use to be my way to escape into my own little world.

It's where I had dreams of living life like the artists and content creators I looked up to.

Living in a big house, making a living off of the things you love to do as a hobby, and by interacting with some of your fanbase to see them happy.

But that's the major problem... It's just a dream, and the harsh world of reality doesn't enjoy those with their heads in the clouds.

And I've quickly learned that creatives like be truly just don't belong in this world, no one gives a fuck about art... and I'm sure even less people care about the art I make.

Barely have time to draw for myself anymore and I see my once small fanbase shrink everyday.

I know they want to see new things, but with life kicking always kicking me when I'm down, it's hard to even want to pick up a pencil...

How artists can do what they love and have a part time job seems impossible to me...

Life is so hard and unforgiving...

Most people would have seen my life and think it's wasteful to just sleep, draw, play video games, and repeat.

But at least I was happy, or at least to the closest thing I could call myself to being "happy".

I just want everything to stop, to come to a fantastic end...

I don't care if the sun explodes or a horrible accident happens to me at work... I just want to stop.

Life is a fucking curse, and I just want to sink back into my "non existences" as I was much happier there then "making a living' because I had no other choice...

I guess it's a good thing no one has discovered the kitchen knife I hid in my room...

I don't want to use it, but as the days go by, the more and more I have to force myself into a "good mood" just to pretend everything is okay and I can function "just one more day" in life is slowly tearing me to pieces on the inside...

My mask is going to crack one of these days when I'm driven to my wits end and I finally fall lifeless on the ground...

I just hope that I'll be missed once I'm gone...

Please, I just want someone to please make it stop... let me return to my life the way it was...

They keep saying, "it'll get better, just give it time" but I can't see the light at the end of this tunnel...

I said it once, and I'll say it again, Moving to Seattle, was a mistake...  
