Please, im begging you..I cant even gasp the air to talk anymore. Ive became mute to everyone around me since my words and cries have fallen on deaf ears. I havent spoken to anyone in 12 days...my words only come out of my finger tips to the very few that have the time to even say hi back much less help someone on the brink of suicide. Ive ran out of space to carve my arms with a lead pencil since im to scared to try blades...I cant turn to my folks since religious encants seem to be the only brick wall im walking into...i havent showered for 2 weeks, i have eaten in 9 hours and im failing my college work...i can even bring myself to step out of the car to the people filled place that seems so much more isolated then my own room. I want to talk to someone but theres always phones or groups that have the vibe of "Dont talk to me." Im hoping that one day even one person would even say hi to me in the halls...I tried the suicide chat hotline chat but one of them just ended the chat as soon as i joined...im running out of options before i just drive off tonight to somewhere...why do i have to be cursed with tourrettes? Its like no one wants to even be around me anymore. Im just this freak who jerks his head constantly and makes weird sounds. I freaked out in a panic attack in the middle of class today and missed my mid term for the class...im within seconds of just stepping through that door and rolling out of the car whenever i please and just lay there hoping something would happen...i cant carve my arm anymore...my friends have blocked me over facebook for being to "Whiney" when i only ask for their help, even if for a second, on my purpose to living. Of course i ask to many questions about them because i have nothing else to occupy or exsist for. Ive ran out of food in my house to eat anymore because my bank account is running low. I dont think i want to live here anymore....maybe my expiration date is overdue...i even lost my girlfriend of 2 weeks when she figured out i had tourretts. She could stand being around me on my bad days...am i just not human? Do i not have a way to be happy ANYMORE?! AM I JUST NOT GOOD ENOUGH, AM I JUST NOT MEANT TO LIVE, AM I NOT MEANT TO EAT, TO CLEAN, TO SLEEP, TO SOCIALIZE, TO ENJOY, TO BREATH?! 