i only have one reason to keep going and with the state of things idk if it'll be possiblei'm supposed to study in japan next year, for the entire year. its been a dream of mine since i was a kid. i want to move there some day and teach english, maybe run an online clothing store as a side job. but, my mom keeps telling me with the state of my country (america) and how the virus is here, that i probably wont be able to go. which...kills me. its all i have. i have no friends here, the only people i have ever felt close with all live in japan (people who studied abroad in america, or my upperclassmen that moved to japan). i know, japan isnt a magical country, im not a weeb but...there are people there that make me feel more at home than i ever have here. i hate it here. im from a backwoods small town in the middle of the midwest. nobody here cares.

my parents have always wanted to hinder my dreams. they tell me i'll die in poverty in japan. theyve sheltered me so much to the point where i cant do anything on my own, so how am i going to live in an apartment by myself in japan for a year. i cant drive because of them. ive never had a job. i was suppose to do that this summer, work at my uncle's restaurant/bar and then get my licence but my parents refuse to let me go anywhere without them. they refuse to get me tested for mental health issues, and if i was tested they wont let me get medicated. my counselor thinks i have severe anxiety, a form of ADHD, and possibly an eating disorder. i saw her for the first time in years last week. but, she suddenly cancelled my appointments for the next two weeks and i dont know if its true or if its a lie told by my mother. 

my mom told my i had autism when i was a sophomore in high school and i believed her, but she never wanted me to get tested. she never wanted me to get help. then, when i act in a way that isnt neurotypical, she would get mad at me.  if i have breakdowns and scream and hurt myself, she just gets mad at me, both of my parents do. i came crying to them once because i felt so broken and told them i dont know whats wrong with me and my dad just told me, "theres nothing wrong with you, stop overreacting." this was after i had a meltdown where i couldnt stop ripping my hair out and hitting myself until my face was bruised. 

i dont think my parents are ever going to let me leave. im almost 20 and i have the social maturity of a 5 year old. i want to just...die but if i ever told them that, theyd call me selfish and say im overreacting. i try so hard, i finished my first year of college with a 3.6 gpa which is leagues better than i ever did in high school, and they never said good job or that theyre proud of me. its selfish to say i want them to be proud of me, to at least say it, but they havent said it in years. everyday is a fight to stay alive. i want to runaway but i know that i dont have the social maturity to do that. 

i want to start over and runaway to japan and cut all ties with my family besides my sister. i want to see my boyfriend, even if he's mad at me right now and has been going through his own shit so he's been ignoring me for almost two weeks. its my fault anyways why he's upset, so its whatever. i want to see the only person in college who got me. i want to live in my own apartment, outside of tokyo, with a cat and be able to explore the city without having to worry about everyone judging me. life here is so boring, the days all become one. i'd rather be alone in a big city than alone in the redneck cesspool that is my home. 

but...i doubt my dreams are ever going to come true. i'm just going to rot here. i'll be honest, if i cant study abroad and get away from my life here, i might as well just end it. i cant be here anymore. it hurts too much. i cant be belittled anymore. i just...i cant.