Seeking a friend for the end of my worldThe box of dialogue tells me to share something interesting, if only it knew that there's not one interesting thing I find about myself. I'm a 21 year old college student, I have friends but with any high school friends you start losing touch. I see them all moving on with big plans for they're lives, I see pictures on facebook of them all having great times, partying and meeting new people. I feel I'm just stuck in the mud and haven't grown at all in the couple years. People are getting great internships and studying abroad in amazing places, and I'm sitting in my bed at 4 pm on a Friday too tired and full of my own fucking self pity to even get up and take a shower. Depression has absolutely reduced me to a shell of my ideal self and I'm not strong enough to reach out publicly for help. I see others post self pitying posts in social media and all I can think of is that the majority of people reading that will find that person weak and disgusting for not even being able to help themselves. I have good days every now and then, days that I do get up and make an effort to put myself out there. These good days only serve to make the bad ones worse, they make me think about what I could be doing with my life, if only I had any strength left in me to fight for what I want but I don't. I feel going to sleep is like me rolling some dice, doubles and I get to wake up and appreciate the world around me for a day, anything else and it's just another day wasted in bed. I have absolutely 0 self confidence in myself, my mind is always telling me how I'm not really funny and any skills I do have are either a vast waste of talent or not really even important. I'm not strong enough to pick myself back up or open up to my friends about how I feel because I'm so damn self conscious about how the world around me views myself. I just want to fit in and be normal but deep down I know I'm hiding terrible thoughts that I fear showing to the world 

I realize this post is long, incoherent, extremely rambling, and probably filled with spelling mistakes, but as I said I don't have the strength to write any of this publicly and I just needed to get some of these thoughts out of my head  because the thought of wasting away while everyone else is enjoying life is starting to push me toward slowly towards the cliff edge, and I have no tools to stop it myself.