The more you want to kill yourself, the more you feel like there's no other way?It's official...  I've started living just to sleep.

I've justified some pretty stupid stuff, like drinking myself broke, abusing the trust of my friends and family, etc, all with the idea that my self-administered death is just on the horizon.  I have not always necessarily felt suicidal, but more and more I feel like it might be what I've chosen, like a self-fulfilling prophecy.

I have a deep, deep-seated inferiority complex that makes it difficult-to-impossible to acquiesce to being helped or taught anything, so I have not sought a medical diagnosis or any methods of treatment, nor have I told anyone how I feel about all this.   

I drink myself to sleep every night, just because the night-time hours are the hardest and weed doesn't work on its own anymore.  When I don't drink, I want to kill myself.

I guess I'm just tired of putting on a brave face.  Good God, I'm so tired.  I can't imagine a future in which I like who I am, or in which I'm capable of expressing myself, and I've tried to believe it exists but right now I really want to just end it.  I don't want to live with all this anger and hate.

Like I said, I've tried nothing and I'm all out of ideas; what would you suggest to someone who hates themself so much they don't want to get better?  Who shirks anything that might be remedial (that isn't booze or weed) and shuns all ideas that come from external sources?

When I was in high school, I went to the doctor and told him I had trouble finding reasons to get out of bed in the morning and he told me to do anything, as long as it was something, and that some sort of natural desire to continue living would surely reawaken, or some bullshit like that.  Went to counselling a few years later, and that cunt told me the same thing.  Since then, I've done absolutely nothing.   I'm an absolute bare minimum person in every conceivable way.

Anyways, I want to know what you think I should do, as long as it isn't "anything".  I live in BC and I'm trans, if that makes things harder/easier.  