Everything is gone, its just me now.After a lot of internal struggle and after almost 2 years of heavy depressión. I'm past the point of tolerance. And I'm alone. I'm a 19 y/o nothing, that has acomplished nothing and will never be anything more in life. All the people I cared about is now gone and ignoring me, including my own family.

I've messed up with everything in my life, currently I'm facing a 3 month isolation that I feel its gonna kill me if I can't find a way to vent off.

This epsisode started, exactly a month ago from this post.

My 17 year old dog died, his name was Shumys. We wan't to say (my family, we're only 3, mom dad and son) it was because of natural causes, but I know the truth, he died because of loneliness and sadness. I ignored him for a long time and I treated him bad, I'm an emotional idiot who doesn't understand anything. I have this memory in my head, a few days before he died, he was suffering and crying and I told him everything that was going on its his own fault. I swear every time I go back to that moment I see his face of fear to me, I see his face agains't the wall with a broom on his other cheek. I see his soul breaking and him giving up, I see the worst thing I've done in my entire life. I made someone so miserable he chose to not eat over staying alive with me.

He passed away, and I can feel him right now doing the same thing to me, this is my punishment and its rightful, I deserve the same destiny, in fact, I shouldn't even be given the choice to live or die, I should just live my entire life in the same way he did when I was in charge, that's a rightful punishment, I don't agree to it but it just makes complete sense.

Short after I discovered I failed my first trimester at college and I need to wait 3 months for another course to start. This is in a state school (Mexico). So even though I didn't had any friends in the beggining even, I'm just more lonely now since I just go to have cheap breakfast at the school cafeteria, I stand in the waiting line hopping somehow somewhere someone is gonna come and tell me I'm not alone and everything will be all right, that its not my fault things are too bad.

My friends left me too, each one at a time. My former bestfriend of all life thinks I'm a failure and its disapointed in me, she doesn't even wanna talk to me anymore, she says she doesn't care anymore about me which really hurts every single whateverthehell my soul is made off. My other friends that I had though, they just realized the asshole I am because I just create and generate more problems that I try to fix.

Which leads me to my parents, they were my last resource forever, but my mom always mistrusted me, she has lived a life with a lack of wealth so she had to fight through her family and a bunch of aparent retards to get the healthy (really not healthy at all) lifestyle of 9-9 6 days a week. My dad kinda gets me but he's also disapointed about me. I haven't told them that I failed the trimester and I have to repeat in 3 months because I know they will both just feel so disapointed in me I'll not be able to handle it at all anymore.

So this is me right now, no friends, 10 bucks a day, no school, nothing, maybe weed even but I know that's gonna fuck me up even more so I'm trying to hold anything related to weed ever since my dog died.

I need help, what do I do now? I can't stop thinking about how everyone just thinks I'm a burden and I can't stand anymore feeling like that. My soul hurts, that's how I would describe it.

At least the cafeteria food isn't bad. So I guess I got that going for me.