My job is killing me. I wish I could quit but I can't...I don't really know how I should start, I will just write down everything that's on my mind right now. 
I'm 20, turning 21 in a month and I lost my will to live because of my current job. I have been diagnosed with recurrent depression a few years ago and it seems that it came back again... I just don't want to live like this anymore. I actually only got this job so I could live with my boyfriend. We had a long distance relationship for 2 years and I live at his parents house in his room for almost 3 months now, thats also when I started working. Back then I was happy that I got a job, but now I wish I would've stayed at my mothers place. I have to work mostly 10 and sometimes 11 hours a day which is absolute hell for me... I'm so tired of work when I come home, I lost all my hobbies and never want to go out with my friends. Every night I get very suicidal just thinking that I have to work the next day. I lost every bit of will to live. I can't go on like this anymore... It was exactly like that with my last job. It was a voluntary job at an elementary school and I started to skip work which resulted in me getting fired. And the last 3 years in school were the same. I skipped not only days or weeks but whole months.. I went to a mental hospital 3 times but I relapsed every time. And it really seems like my depression will never stop. Every new year started like this... in summer I was happy all day every day and motivated, went to school and when autumn and winter came my depression started I started to skip school, back then I also suffered from social anxiety and general anxiety disorder which made things tougher for me. When it got really bad in winter I went to a mental hospital in my area.. and I recovered. In spring my mood got better and I felt motivated to manage the new school year. But I failed everytime. And this went on for 4 years now (the 5th already started....)
The 4th year I actually graduated and applied for a voluntary job because I couldn't find an apprenticeship at that time. At this point I thought, school's forever over and my life will be in order now. Hahaha... I was so god damn foolish. When I got fired though I promised my mother to find a real job soon (otherwise she would've thrown me out...) I mean I understand her as well... But I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me. I wish I could be normal but I'm not. 
In the time I got fired (it was in decembre of that year) I was unemployed and even though it was winter I felt good I was actually happy I got fired. I had all time for myself now and could do all the things I wanted and I was free. But of course time came and I had to look for an apprenticeship. I actually got invited for an interview at my bf's place thats about 300km away from my hometown and I was excited because I really love him and I always dreamed about seeing him every day and now it was possible. So I got the job and went there. And now I'm here.... I actually don't want to kill myself. But I can't also just quit my job, his family would throw me out, my mother would hate me and probably not take me back and I would end up homeless. And I can't take my job anymore, it's too much for me. Yes I might be weak as fuck but I just don't know what to do it anymore. On my free days I don't to anything at all, I even have an psychotic episodes where nothing feels real, everything feels like a bad dream, like I would wake up any moment and I would be home where I belong not here. And I burst out crying every few hours or any time when I think about my job and my situation in general... I don't wanna live like this anymore. Don't get me wrong I love my bf, I appreciate all the things his parents and he do for me. But I don't want all this. I feel like with every day my mental health drops and gets worse and I don't know how I should survive this next 3 years. I mean it's still summer... the time where I should be happy. But I'm not. And it's not my colleagues either. They're mostly great and I really like them especially my boss (he likes anime and pokemon as well which is really cool) But every day I just wish a car would hit me.. or I would get cancer so I could stop working. And thinking about how I am going to work like this for the next 40-50 years? 
I kinda feel forced to kill myself because I know I can't quit my job so nothing will change. It won't get better or anything. It will just get worse with every day. I tried to talk with my boyfriend about this but I feel like he doesn't understand how serious I am, how serious this whole situation is. And it's not like I didn't do anything to combat my depression and my other mental health problems. I tried several medications and even marijuana. I'm even tired of marijuana because it makes me very forgetful the next day and even colleagues noticed it (one of them can get really annoying and I think she hates me and sees me as a rival and tries to deminish my accomplishments and my good work and only nags at the things I do wrong) This is just something that makes things even worse than they already are. 
I don't know what to do anymore. Ending my life would make it so easy right now...
