Really the only thing that's keeping me alive, is me helping you all, as it gives me meaning to live.Idk, I just really like helping people and talking to random people, IDK what it is, but every time someone says I made them cry, or feel better like on this sub or IRL it really gives me the motivation to live for them it's beyond powerful, and like I feel motivated as hell to continue creating product's/videos for people.

I'm an entrepreneur / small anime content creator, that has recently gone through some turmoil, after getting scammed out of my time and money, and I feel really behind now. But when I feel that feeling of gratitude, from people it gives me all of the will in the world to live, despite me being behind and my ego being hurt, being a person that makes people feel like life is worth living really makes me want to stay, as it no longer becomes who I'm better than or feeling inferior to someone else, and shifts to making people's have less pain.

Idk why I'm like this I think it's just from me being hurt so many times and not wanting to feel vulnerable again by befriending everyone. But it really does give me meaning, screw caffeine, or any form of stimulant's, when I feel people's gratitude I turn into the most hyper-focused motivated person ever. I hate letting people down that wait for my projects to come out.

 I'm just tired of bad people, I've grown up with people in my whole life who have just, told me terrible thing's about me, steal money from me, and all of these other things's so I'm just sick of animalistic unempathetic behavior, Idk maybe the reason I'm like this is that, i think its just that when you've been hurt so badly by people, oftentimes you don't want to do it to other people, cause then you have no right to be mad at them for the pain they caused you, cause your no different. 

Either way, I'm out to try to make people's lives better if I can, I'm pretty useless as of now, but I'm trying. I know alot of you may not understand, but I'm doing this not because I know I cognitively should try to make people's lives better to be a good person, but because I feel it.

Literally like 8 hours ago, I had a knife in my hand trying to stab myself and was in the kitchen looking for way's to die and tried lighting my long sleeve shirt on fire, cause I was going insane. and then I was thinking about what matters most to me, and my mission to help people made me want to stay.

 I feel there's not a lot of people out that are, willing to really put out there neck for people, as life is already hard enough, but to me, there's no value if I'm just in it for me, beyond money or views what people take away from it matter's most to me, it touches my soul when it affects them emotionally positively. 

Sorry i was just thinking what mattered most, and i needed to type this out somewhere, i like talking to everyone too. such a crazy world i live in one hour i can go from on the verge of suicide and burning to death, to crying my eyes out wanting to live for the sake of the world.