TiredThe other times I’ve felt like doing something I’ve felt this deep sadness that I need to escape from. And I feel that now, too. I feel sad, and I feel lonely, and frustrated, and so, so exhausted. But I also just feel sort of… resigned? Like, it just makes sense at this point. I am scared, still. I’m scared of messing it up, mostly.

I know there’s probably going to be some pain or discomfort involved no matter what method I use. If I could get an endless supply of morphine and just load up on it and fade away that would be ideal, but I don’t know that that’s really possible. I’m sure even if I didn’t take it into my own hands it would hurt at least a little when it happened, however it happens. I have a rope already, I’ve had it for about eight months now. I bought it around New Year’s, when I was having thoughts like this again (that wasn’t the first time I’d had thoughts, or bought a rope, even, just the most recent). I’ve thought about doubling up on methods, somehow, to give a higher chance of it working. I don’t want to mess up. I think I could probably do it. I live alone and it’s not uncommon for me to go days without talking to anyone, except for work, I guess, but I could do it on a Friday or a longer break. I was thinking around New Year’s, actually.

I went to the doctor, yesterday. He was really nice. I was talking and my voice was breaking and he rolled across the room in his rolly chair to move the tissue box closer to me. I have a prescription to go pick up. I’m supposed to look at the list of counselor’s he’ll be sending. It’s been years of this, now. With long stretches of feeling sort of okay, sure. I’ve tried medication, and therapy. I’m not saying they don’t work, ever, for anyone. I’m just saying it’s been years upon years, now. The thought of trying, trying and trying and trying so hard just for a chance at feeling sort of okay, for a while, maybe, is so exhausting. Some things have changed over the years, sure, because they’ve had to. But a lot haven’t. And I’m getting so tired. I say that every time. I’m so tired, I don’t know how much more I can take. But I’m really so, so tired. I don’t know how much more I can take.