Probs gonna end it on my birthday tomorrowIm gonna turn 24 tomorrow, and I feel like im a waste of time and resources for my parents and society. In my 24 years ive contributed absolutley nothing to anyone or done anything that brings value to anyone. 

Everyday despite how hard it is for me to gather my myself to get up out of bed, i do it for my parents because I dont want to disappoint them any further and I try, but everynight i get home a failure. All my peers and collegues are amazing and moving up in the world, have careers, finished uni, have partners and are loving life and everyday im going downhill, failing university, not performing well at work and im my social life.

Before when people used to ask me what i want to do in 5 years time, I responded with some optomistic bullshit where I would run my own business or some shit but now if anyone ask me, I cant even see past the next day let alone 5 years.

I know I have amazing family, and I have a number of good friends and thats the only reason I keep getting up in the morning to try again. But if i was to describe myself i would say I am useless, worthless, unmotivated, lazy and a terrible person but most of all just downright pathetic. Looking at everything rationally im really lucky and privledged to have so many blessings and i feel so guilty like an overwhelming sense of guilt. I read though other peoples post and im amazed at how strong some people are. Im sorry that i cant be as strong as them.
 
Back in primary school im grade 5 people used beat me up, throw rocks and shit and a lot of other shit and i remember holding knife to my throat in the kitchen fuck i wish that i just ended it then. 

Most days I think about how I should kill myself and how make it look an accident which has minimum disruption to my friends and family. I think ive worked out a way, and ive written a note and now I think im writing this out hoping for a sign to stay. I dont want to die but it just hurts like Im constantly in pain and it hurts so bad. My heart has this constant sinking feeling and my left arm is just numb. I want to just make it stop please. 

Sorry for the stupid and selfish post. Idk feel free to ignore it or whatever.