I just go through life making one baffling, inexplicable choice after another and ruin every decent opportunity I have for myself.I'm so angry and frustrated with myself I could scream. 

I wanted to join the military so I fucked around senior year of high school and didn't apply to many colleges. Even then I was offered a fucking presidential scholarship, and I turned it down.

Then I went through the enlistment process and did so well on the entrance exams that I was pushed to the front of the line and was given my pick of pretty much any job I wanted, and I changed my mind again and decided I wanted to go to college after all.

So then I started the slow process of going through community college with no financial aid and working part-time because that was the only option open to me, but eventually I was able to transfer to a state school and get going on a degree that I was interested in.

Then with just two semesters left I changed my mind and wanted a different degree, which added two more years to my college experience. 

Then I found a girlfriend and she made me feel better for a while, but I had been crossdressing for a number of years and decided that I wanted to gender transition. She tried so hard to get me to stop and see what I was doing, but I'm only capable of self-destruction and misery so I completely shredded the relationship in pursuit of preparing to transition.

Then I realized that my gender issues were coming from my self-hate and not genuinely because I want to be a woman, and I swung hard from being really liberal and accepting to being a racist chud to compensate for it. I worshipped Ben Shapiro and said such vacuous and racist things online that it almost sounds like a 12 year-old repeating things that their racist dad said, except I was a 25 year-old man. Now I have that hanging over my head and my life could be ruined if that shit gets out. 

So now I'm just a loser who's almost 30 and who still lives with his parents because my credit is shit, I have no friends, no landlord references, constant medical issues, and seem to be completely unhelped by medication or therapy.

My self-hate couldn't be stronger, my self-esteem couldn't be lower. I want to die, and I really don't see a way out anymore.