An incoherent rant by an attention seeking whore


I am not a person with strong convictions or profound thoughts or a healthy perspective, I just avoid things in my life that are either difficult or involve confrontation so I don't reveal to other people that I'm actually fucking pathetic.  I navigate life by manipulating people's empathy and  convincing people I have this potential that doesn't exist, which makes them feel bad for cutting me off, which is what they want to do because I'm, at my core, an emotionally exhausting leech who injects other people's kind words into my veins, and rides the high until I need my next fix.

The only thing in this world that truly fascinates me anymore,the only thing about my brain that I will never be able to understand, is why I continue to live even though I came to accept that eventually my time here will end with me killing myself, and that not acting on it is the sole reason I continue to suffer, but for some reason, against all logic, my stupid mother fuck-cocksucking caveman monkey brains survival instinct is so strong that it generates delusions that I have the ability to improve or be a better person. 

How many times will the cycle loop?  How much clearer does the answer have to be before I finally take action.  The path to earthly success (meaning money, I will never achieve happiness), involves bout after bout of confrontation, loss, and pain that I will never improve from or handle like a normal non pathetic human being.

Or, I could grow a pair of balls just one fucking time in my life, and end my life and speed up the process. When life becomes just standing in line, waiting for death, you would do anything to cut to the front. No one likes waiting in line.  I can't cry because I have nothing to cry about. By choosing to get out of bed and subject myself to a world I'm not meant to be in, the blame rests exclusively on my shoulders for being too much of a pussy to kill my self. People cry about things out of their control. When being alive itself makes you sad, escaping is not out of your control.

There is no help to seek. The implication of seeking help is that you're going to actively listen to people's advice because you believe they have a perspective that will change the very true knowledge I have that I am beyond repair.  Like I said earlier, I reach out to people so they can cradle me to sleep with their words like a helpless infant.  I'm manipulating them into giving me their energy under the guise that they're helping someone in need, when in reality, they're speaking to a brick wall.

At a certain point everyone learns I'm a brick wall.  Strong people who don't put up with bullshit wouldn't keep feeding into it after awhile, which is why I target other people with problems so that they blindly give me the empathy that they hope people will give them in return, it's kind of a karma thing and it's bizarre. 

I've heard people talk about how they get an overwhelming sense of peace once they've decided for sure they're going end their lives. At this point it's the only way I could see having a good day and appreciating the Earth for what it is.  It would be nice to bury my dreams, with a head stone and everything.  My hope died a long time ago and my manic states of motivation are actually denial.  I want to start planning my suicide to finally get over the grieving process. Suicide is closure when mourning about what could of been. 

Thanks for reading. Don't worry about me actually doing anything.  I go on these rants all the time and never go through with it because the words I say carry no weight because I'm a fucking fraud.  Soon enough, maybe today, maybe next, week,who fucking knows, I'll be all ready to live life again, until inevitably I'm right back exactly where I'm at right now. I'll probably write a whole new rant about how THIS TIME I'm serious. Life is purgatory. 