Just want to end it all already.Ready to give up. I honestly don't think I could go on anymore like this. Life has been the same way for the last 5 years and doubt it's going to get any better now that my hopes and dreams are crushed. The only thing I had to look forward to and my only chance of happiness and getting better is now GONE. For about a year, that was the main thing keeping me from committing suicide. I have bad social anxiety and severe depression. The only real good friends I had are graduating soon. The rest of my "friends" just ditch me, family barely talks to me anymore, everyone's always on my ass about everything and trying to make me feel worse and worse. 

My anti-depressant meds don't even really seem to be working anymore. I'm failing most of my classes and I'm flooded with work it's just becoming too much on me. My favourite vacation to Florida that always made me happy, didn't this time. Barely even cared to get out of bed or look out the window. I'm as good as a pile of rocks and a burden on everyone. Just don't see any point in continuing on like this.

My teachers just keep bringing up how I'm failing and how I'm not going to make it in university or the real world. I've lost most of my friends and I've basically withdrawn myself and just listen to my ipod most of the time because I'm too depressed to talk or hold a conversation lately. My mind keeps racing over and over with the bad times in my life and I feel trapped and hopeless. Every time a car passes me I have such a strong urge to just close my eyes and jump in front of it to end the suffering and get it all over with.

I tried to OD on ghb about a month ago but that only resulted in vomiting, seizures, a coma for 3 days, and a week in the ER. My family is only ashamed of me and couldn't give a crap anymore. I'm always the one excluded in school because I'm depressed, shy, no fun to be around, and too anxious to start a conversation with someone I'm not really comfortable with. I want to run far far away from here and everyone and never talk to anyone I knew previously again and start fresh.