I don't understand how anyone could not feel depressed, suicidal, or just constantly sad at how awful humanity is.I don't know why I'm even posting this here. I guess this seems to be the only place that really understands.

I don't know why so many people *don't* want to get off of this world. It's a horrible fucking world full of horrible fucking people. No exceptions. I know reddit hates religion, and I'm not too fond of it either, but I've found that Christianity is the closest worldview to reality. It's not self-hating, it's right; there really aren't any good people. Only there's probably not any gods, not good ones anyway. Everyone is cruel, nasty, selfish, and bigoted on the inside, by nature, and some of us are just better at trying to suppress it.

I don't know how people can stand living in this world. You're an awful person with a wicked heart, maybe just trying to be the best person you can despite that, but more likely just living for yourself. You're probably stupid too - I know I am. It seems like no matter how much you try you can never understand anything. No one really knows how anything works. We're all just bumbling through life, trying to survive until we die. You were born from two people fucking, and just have to deal with whatever genes you got, and whatever family you have. People form friendships to benefit themselves and rarely ever care. If you make them feel better, they'll stick with you, but the moment you turn on them in need they'll turn their back on you because how dare you bring them down. Strangers will fear you or hate you just because of your appearance, skin color, sex, people will sneer at you because you were born to different people, to a different social class, to a different country, you're just when an egg and a sperm met and you had no choice in who you were born to, but that doesn't matter to anyone, and then your government will send you off to kill equally "innocent" people from another country because some rich assholes with power in that country insulted rich assholes with power in yours, and that makes all of the people who were born there the enemy, because clearly they chose to be born there. Clearly they chose their chromosomes, their body, their brain, their family. We must hate everyone different. We must fear anyone who remotely physically resembles this certain appearance, because they are all my enemy.

And even if you say that you don't do any of those things, to some small degree you do. You know you do. You know you've judged someone because of their appearance, you know you've sneered at someone because of the people they were born from, you know you've wanted to take what someone else had, you know you've wanted someone dead, you know you've lied. We're all just tailless monkeys too smart for our own good. We got smart enough that we learned how to make other people suffer so that we could feel better. If the world really is full of mostly good people, why do countries go to war, killing people just trying to live their lives because the higher-ups want gain? Why do people keep polluting the world with garbage and overpopulation, destroying the environment and killing the creatures that are our cousins? (or, depending on what you believe, were created divinely by some supernatural being - which should make your actions even more damnable in your mind. but you don't really give a shit). I really want to see some great enlightenment where people realize that even though we're all so different we're all the same, and that in this short life we have no wealth or power or revenge really matters, only love and making the most of the longest thing we'll ever experience that is like the brief vibration of an atom in the eyes of the universe. But it won't ever happen. The planet would be better off without us.

People will often respond to this by saying to find those people who are truly good and stick together, but the sheer amount of awful, apathetic, angry, selfish, harmful people in the world outweighs those trying their best by so much, that I really can't see a reason to even try. There's just too much of a risk of someone fucking you up for their own gain, anything from monetary gain to just feeling better about themselves because they were able to make you hurt. 

And then none of it matters. We all die. It doesn't matter how well you lived, you'll be dead and won't remember any of it. Everyone who remembers you will die. Everyone who remembers them will die. Everywhere your name is written will crumble until the sun burns out, and a trillion trillion trillion trillion quintillion years later the atoms of the world will fall apart. And all the greed, all the hoards of wealth, all the conquests, all the murder, the lies, the thievery, all the kingdoms and empires, will have been for no gain at all, and may as well never have existed.

...

And then there's this place.

Some of the people here, and several other people I've found other places online and in real life. People who will respond to things like this with proof that they really do care, that they really do want you to go on living and try to make the best of things. People who show that, unlike most people, they know how bad it is, but that they, for some reason, still want to keep living. And most baffling of all, that they want *you* to keep living. Someone they know nothing about, someone they've never met before, and yet despite all the malice and prejudice that is built into every one of us hairless apes, they truly seem to care from the bottom of their heart

And I ask myself "why?"

"Why do they have such passion and love for life when the words they've said show they're aware of how horrible the world is? Even though they're shit at trying to think up good replies and most of the people who come here kill themselves anyway, why do they keep on trying to help and love people when they know it's all for nothing? Why do they want to keep on living?

"What do they have that I don't?"

Edit: thank you. All of you 
