I don’t know how to feel betterIs it harder for atheists to commit suicide? I’m not even atheist really and not sure what I believe in, but I’m sick of having “I want to die” on an endless loop in my head. Feeling too scared to actually kill myself makes me feel even worse. Not knowing if whatever lies ahead after death could be worse or not throws me off. I want to live a happy life and I try to redirect my thoughts but it’s like I have two brains at the exact same time saying opposite things. I feel worthless and want to feel loved by boyfriend so bad it’s consumed me. I’ve never been in a relationship where their opinion and feelings mattered so much to me that it’s debilitating. I think maybe I have pmdd, because it gets so intense and depressing for 2-3 weeks out of the month. Without health insurance I don’t feel like putting more stress on myself or boyfriend finically. Feeling like he’ll never love me as much as I love him or the fear of him breaking up with me(which he has done out of impulse a couple of times) has taken over my mind. I can never be happy, I constantly feel not good enough and compare myself to everyone and make up this extreme and mean scenarios in my head of him leaving me for some one else. He is not the easiest to talk to anymore and doesn’t take any type of criticism well. I don’t want a relationship like this, but I want him and I want us to be good to each other idk why it’s so hard. It’s starting to feel impossible, his life and mental health comes first and I feel like when I try and express how I feel he gets so defensive even when I’m not accusing him of anything. I want to feel better, but I don’t want to lose my relationship. I know I can’t force some one to like me, but how do I move on from trying? I feel so alone and worthless and in turn it’s made him feel unappreciated. I don’t know what’s real anymore and I feel like I’m wasting away and less people will love me as I age. I want to feel secure and safe with myself and my relationship. I’m not ready to let go, when I feel like if we could just communicate and be more supportive of each other mentally our relationship would be great. When my thoughts have simmered down, I genuinely like who I am but it makes me so sad feeling like the one person I want to spend my life with doesn’t always see me for who I am or can be. I hate the person come off as because I can’t snap out of my depressing and intrusive thoughts. 