attempting suicide as we type.I've posted with my story on here before, no hits whatsoever. Posted my story in depression, no hits whatsoever. Girlfriend gave me hope until she decided to leave me. Her reason: she's unhappy and doesn't want to drag me down with her. I gave her all I had left, unconditional love. Here is my status shortened...

I don't have a permanent residency. I live off my friends charity. I'm a burden to all around. I don't get to see my family. Someone took and shot my dog. He was my buddy and security blanket. I understand some people can't get too attached to an animal but he was my Obi. My damned ugly, old, deaf, cockapoo. But he was mine. I needed him alot more than he needed me. We'd just sit on the porch drinking some Arizona green tea for a few hours. He'd just sit in my lap and let me know I still had him. I'm schizo. Meaning I have episodes where things go bat shit insane for me. Thoughts that aren't mine telling me how much of a failure I am and how no one loves me. All lies but very loud and very often. Worst trip was a group of intangible shadows swarming my vision. Was a little freaky for 15 minutes. I've been accused of touching my sister(edit:step-sister). Blasphemy of the highest degree. Dad gave up on me. Momma can't help me. I feel as if I have no more hope left in me but That's a lie because I'm writing this I guess. I just want to go comatose for a couple years and try again later. It's becoming more and more difficult to focus. An aspirin every 5 minutes. I'm on #13 now. Pitiful but It's all I got around. I'm tired of the hurt. Last year round 18bday I slept with my friends mom. She and I had a year long relationship, rings, ohana, the whole nine yards. Dad was pissed understandably. Kicked me out. Estranged relationship there. Rambling now. I moved to tn from nc to find work to help her. I was depressed and abused alcohol. A month after the move 5 days after my bday. On June 24 she wanted to see other people. Next day she fucked a dude. It was only not long ago I knew her for who she was. A right now kind of woman. Funny you'd think a guy my age 19, would be the right now cheating type as opposed to a 40 old woman, wrong. Some kids grow up to be just bigger kids. Some kids never have a chance to be a kid. Funny eh? I'm on pill #15. I'm so lost and so hopeless. I've made so many wrong choices. So many bad judgements. Hurt and disappointed so much. I'm done for now. If I live I'll check all my "OMG your an idiot nightsaber " comments. If not, then just read it as a fictional depressing story and go on your way. Everyone did my last 2 attempts... 

EDIT: This is the part where i sheepishly return to let everyone know I couldn't do it. The very moment I posted this momma contacted me, and I just couldnt, do it knowing that she'd lose her oldest son. I had 3 superheros last night. My Bro Herman back in NC, an old love, Ciara, not mentioned above, and Momma (no last names for anonymity) . Sorry guys for getting all worked up and making others worry as a result. It was a bit selfish of myself for wanting an out so badly I would disregard how it made others feel. Primal in a way. But what happened happened. Again, sorry all. Last time I felt this low I took a .22 in a field and sat for a bit thinking about it all. But that time i had a little bit more going for me than I do right now. So 15 was my last pill, i threw up 15 minutes after posting and bouncing back at a pretty decent pace from my judgement. Just one last time, Sorry everybody.