hi, I’m a 13 year old male who tried to kill himself on christmas eve.I’ve been suicidal for a long time.. I’ve done crisis therapy, talked to family and friends, I’ve done basically everything that I’m supposed to do that helps other than antidepressants. but anyways, I’ve been sad for many reasons, family deaths, animals deaths, my parents divorce, my grandma remarrying to a man no one but her really likes (yes I am supportive and glad he makes her happy). but it was my aunt’s death that truly pushed my towards my first suicidal thought. I don’t understand why it was hers because I was never really close with her.. but it hurt me, a lot. the day after I found out I cut my forearm once, then over and over, I sat there for awhile cutting. the best part is that no one ever found out until just now. this kept on about once a week for awhile until I slowly drifted away from this and became healthy again. a month or so later and about 2-3 ended relationships , I was back to cutting. I was cutting on a daily now. and this continued until about the beginning of December, when I thought that I should kill my self. and I could never get the nerves . but on christmas eve my brother slept in my moms room and I was all alone. i slit what I thought was my wrist in the dark and when I felt blood trickle out I thought it’d been done. and I closed my eyes and.. let it happen.. before I knew it my eyes were open again.. and other than missing  blood and cuts a lot lower than my wrist was, I was fine and alive.. I don’t think I’d ever cried so much.. I cleaned my sheets and blanket , and did some home self aid. I wore a hoody or something to cover my arms. I’m now dating someone and it’s me one month in two days. I’m happy and I haven’t thought of suicide since only because of that pain I felt. thank you for your time.. but if you take one thing away from this it’s that anything can be behind a smile. I was suicidal for a month and no one knew it. I kept up a fake smile and kept on moving. watch out for your friends, you never know what their smile has been through.