Mentally causing more pain.Hi. I'm a 16 year old female.

I've spent my entire life feeling left out. First with rape at 5 years old and this continued through 2nd grade. I didn't know what was happening, but I wrote it down and kept a secret journal. I didn't tell anyone until last year. At 14, I was with the most recent Ex and learning to experiment and I got pregnant without actually having sex, through semen getting to an egg through foreplay. I didn't know what to do, so I planned to tell him when he returned from London for New Years. Whenever he got home he started to ignore me, because he missed the date we set to meet. I only asked one person where he was and the one person asked apparently everyone he knew. He ignored me for three weeks and a week and a half in on the 12th of January, my abusive father, who didn't know, threw me into a table. He's been in and out of my live and abusive the entire time. It doesn't help that my very first boyfriend at 13 died while we were still "dating." Me and my ex were together for a year and 3 months. Almost a year and 4 months. He kept all of the other bad things from making me go insane. Meeting him was the best thing that ever happened to me, and losing him has doubled the pain load. 

I used to self-harm, burning. I stopped and want to pick back up again because it's easier to burn than to get a hold on Cyanide. Or a gun. Or a rope and be able to knot it right. I'm scared to start driving because knowing me I'll try to drive on the wrong side of the road to get myself hurt or killed. I get my license soon and I'm more scared than ever that I'll be dead the first week I have it. My parents are forcing me to get it . I've been to a therapist who wouldn't prescribe me any antidepressants, and to a mental institution who wouldn't accept me, stating that I appear fine on the outside and that I'm not in dire need of rehabilitation. I really really want out right now. Since losing my ex, things have just been a chore. Waking up, moving, school. I want it gone. I want this life over with. Help.