My 2018 resolution was to kill myself. I didn’t. But I tried everything and failed and want to die, more than everSorry for the crosspost, but I am really getting desperate...

&amp;#x200B;

I want to die. I don’t even just want to stop the suffering, I just want to die. There is nothing giving me joy in life. I have tried everything.

I am lonely. I don’t have any friends… well, at least no one to talk to. Not like talking has ever helped… I have one single friend that may become a true friendship but nothing’s settled. Chances are that nothing will even come out of it because of my social incompetence and limited time. 

 I never grew up with a family. I come out of an emotionally fucked household. I moved a lot when I was younger. Came from a different country. Didn’t know the language for the most critical phase of social interaction. Came out fucked and without any real friends up until this day. 

 Any attempt to expose myself to raw social feedback where I would re-learn social interactions failed. Partly because of medication. In the end, every attempt I made at approaching people backfired and lead to me becoming even more anxious than I was in the beginning. I can’t do this alone anymore. Any way where I would go out to night clubs with a wingman to train my social skills is blocked, just impossible with current logistics. I have no hope of getting better at this currently.

I am also officially “smart”. That doesn’t matter though. You know why? Because I have problems with concentration and headaches. I can’t concentrate for shit. When I can’t concentrate, and try to force concentration, I get headaches. Whenever I force myself to do things, I get headaches. I can’t train myself to get more concentrated because of the headaches. It’s a negative feedback loop. I try to get myself used to concentrate more -&gt; I get headache -&gt; Direct negative feedback to me trying to concentrate more -&gt; negative reinforcement -&gt; repeat. 

 One might say, maybe it’s the nutrition? Okay. Great. I have an (yet) untreatable eating disorder which disallows me to eat any vegetables and most fruits because the texture makes me LITERALLY THROW UP. I’ve tried for years now fixing this, gradual exposure doesn’t. fucking. Work. 

 Maybe it’s exercise? Well. I’ve tried going to the gym. I’ve been for a long time. I went for months on end, and the habit didn’t even stick. Why? Because it makes me feel SO FUCKING TERRIBLE, because my nutrition is so shit. Every time I felt my blood sugar fall so heavily that I felt dizzy every single day. Because I just couldn’t find a good breakfast. The last day of me going to the gym was marked my me being on the edge of passing out while doing exercises. I’ve also tried running, felt terrible. 

 I did a lot of sports when I was younger. I did gymnastics, basketball, ping pong, dancing, judo, karate, soccer, Muay Thai, swimming. Nothing even remotely stuck with me.   
 I don’t even have hobbies. I played guitar for 6 years and I recently gave up on playing. Why? Because I can’t improve in my playing. My fingers are hyperflexible and as such can’t develop muscles without SERIOUS effort. Which would remove any aspect of fun in that activity. I also played piano. Same problem with fingers. Did I mention that I have concentration problems and that any kind of practice is a real drag?   
 I’ve played video games. I’ve lost interest in them, they just aren’t fun anymore. I have no hobbies. No activity that provides me with any fun or fulfillment. 

You might ask: “Why didn’t you seek out help earlier?” Well. I did. I am in therapy since February 2018. Switched therapists in July. I even was in the hospital for a couple of weeks in August because of a psychotic episode. Great. Now I’m also crazy. Did I already mention that I have depression? Yeah, and also another untreatable disorder called Misophonia which makes me hyper-sensitive to sounds and makes my life a living hell. I’ve already tried killing myself in March. 

I know that everyone is going to say that I should get immediate help. I know that I should be in the hospital right now. But if I go in the hospital right now, I would destroy my whole life for the next 9 months. And I’m not sure how I would survive that. I don’t even know what the hospital is going to do for me. They are probably going to label this depressive episode as a psychotic one again and are going to lock me up and put me under medication that is going to MURDER MY THOUGHTS. I would rather be dead that let that happen again. And even if they label it as a depressive episode, I know how the hospital works. There is a good chance that I am going to get released after 2 weeks and then have to wait MONTHS to get stationary treatment. I didn’t even mention how every professional I have talked to has no clue on what to do. My complications are so interwoven and complex that not a single out of the probably 10 professionals already has any clue on what to do.

We haven’t even talked about what happens if I go to the hospital. I would ruin my path of study, I would have literally NOTHING to do for 9 months. Not only that, I would also be 100% isolated from any social contact in these 9 months. I would lose THE ONLY POTENTIAL FRIEND AND PARTNER I CAN TALK TO and I would be torn out of society for all that time. 

I am just really tired of everything. I am tired of living. I tried 3 different meds. I’ve tried every possible hobby, I’ve tried fixing my nutrition, I tried physical activity. I’ve talked to tons of professionals. I am just tired. I would rather stop living at all. There is no hope. Whatever I do, there is no way for me to recover.

I am an academical failure. And there is nothing in my power to change that. I am a social failure. And there is nothing in my power to change that. I am so fake in interactions that I have never had *real impact* on any human being on earth. I am nothing. I represent nothing. There is no unique human value behind me. I am just wasted potential. I am worthless. If I would die the only people that would cry are my degenerate parents. 

I want to fucking die.

TLDR: Read the last 3 /4  paragraphs.