I failed my suicide attempt and all it taught me was how little the people around me careLast Monday (16th March) I tried to kill myself via overdose. I won’t say what or how much because I don’t want anyone else to try. It was a hellish experience. I was taken to the hospital and spent all day writhing and screaming in the worst pain I’ve ever felt. It was so bad that I wasn’t even aware of what was going on around me. Everything was a blur and all I knew was pain.

My mum was there. She wasn’t behaving any differently to normal though. Maybe she was in shock or something but she hasn’t said much about it since. She’s been treating it the same way as if I were taken to hospital for self harm like I have a few times before.

I don’t remember much from the Monday. Everything is hazy, my vision was blurry and I had no control over my body. I was either contorting in pain on the bed or projectile vomiting who knows where. Eventually the pain didn’t stop but I’d worn myself out enough to get some "sleep" if you can call it that.

I was awake most of that night and I’d been moved to a different ward at some point. The nurses and nursing assistants on duty knew what I’d done. I even had fresh self harm wounds that needed stitches on my arm. They acted like I was a freak of nature. I felt like a waste of resources, especially as news about COVID-19 was getting more and more widespread (this was before the UK lockdown).

One nurse in particular kept staring at me and told me "I don’t understand how you can do that to yourself" with a disturbed look on her face. In hindsight I’m glad that’s what her reaction is because I don’t want anyone to know or, worse yet, experience what I’ve been through. It isn’t fair and I sometimes forget that this amount of trauma isn’t the norm.

I was in hospital until Thursday afternoon where two people from the mental health team came to speak to me. All they had to say was that they agree I’ve been through a lot and they handed me a leaflet with a crisis number on it. Then I was sent on my way. 

Once I got home, it was strange at first. My sisters avoided me like they were afraid or didn’t know how to react to me, which is weird because all they know is "I took too many painkillers". They’re younger than me so don’t need the burden of knowing the whole truth. Things got back to normal after a few days with them.

My mum, again, is acting like normal. I would put it down to stress but it’s been so long now and she hasn’t expressed any serious feelings about what happened.

The biggest impact I was worried about was the impact on my pets. My three guinea pigs and my Conure (a type of small parrot). My guinea pigs noticed no difference. I probably overestimated their ability to recognise different humans from each other but I saw on a video call whilst in hospital that they were behaving the exact same way as before.

My conure who I thought would really miss me, especially as he recognises and has different relationships with different people in the household, didn’t really change either. He just continued as normal, eating the same food, playing with the same toys, he wasn’t let out of his cage as often because I wasn’t there but he didn’t seem to mind because he just slept (in character for him because he is old).

Moving onto extended family: nothing. No difference at all.

Friends? Again, apparently I’m bad at picking friends because literally no one cared, all two of them.

I’m not trying to complain that I didn’t get enough "attention" or whatever. That’s the last thing I want, fake sympathy. I was hoping that, after I recovered and got out of hospital, the impact my suicide attempt had on the people around me would be enough to prevent me from trying again but as far as I can see, nothing really changes. The world continues on without so much as even a blink. My feelings that people would be better off without me are stronger than ever. There are little to no consequences of me dying and I can list pages of negative influences I have on peoples lives that change the for the worse by staying alive so *why am I staying alive?*