Desensitized to Death?So I’m just making this post to vent essentially.

I’ve thought about death since I was very little. Ever since I would say about 6-7. Growing up I was also exposed to a lot of death. My Grandma died when I was little and my Uncle committed suicide and my parents didn’t help the situation either. My stepdad and mom just told me what he did was selfish and if he was alive they would’ve killed him themselves. So I had to face that from a very young age. When I was very little though I would stay up late at night about every other week because I would be scared I would die in my sleep or I would think about other things. The thing that usually kept me up however was the idea that I would die before everyone I knew and loved. And what also scared me about that was the idea that I would forget them eventually. That I would forget my moms voice and I would forget her face. That she would be lost to time. This scared me to no end as a child. And since I had pneumonia every summer as a kid too I would spend a lot of time in my room thinking to myself. I had a lot of time to think about death. And eventually I came to a conclusion that lifted some emotional trauma and regret from my stomach. I thought to myself that since (mind you I was also an agnostic/atheist) when I die I would just cease to exist. So I would not have to witness the guilt and emotional trauma I had carried. And this led me to another conclusion. That suicide would essentially prevent emotional trauma from occurring and that since I would not have to witness the pain and suffering it would cause others around me then the burden would essentially be void to me. It would still happen. But I wouldn’t see it or even know if it since I’d be dead. This essentially desensitized me to death. And since I would not have to burden guilt that made me feel as if my actions held no weight. So I made unhealthy decisions. I did nothing but sleep, go to school, eat, sit around and then repeat for several years. Which leads me to today. Medical problems exist on my moms side. And while I look a lot like my dead I inherited defects from my moms side of the family. But my chest hurts and it’s at times difficult to breathe. My thoughts are less coherent. My mind goes numb for minutes at a time and it feels like my death is approaching. I have to be honest I’m a bit scared. I’m mostly ashamed. That all the great people that held hope I would get better. That I failed them. I want to get better I do. But it’s too hard. I can do it physically. I really could. It’s just mentally my mind is so desensitized that it won’t commit. I take responsibility for not bettering myself. But I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t afraid. It’s a daunting idea that you know you’re going to die and it’s going to happen soon. Even if I did get better turned my life around I’d still delay the inevitable. I have to ask. Can anyone else relate. It feels so lonely  and depressing knowing my death is coming for me and I’m the only person I can blame. This very well could be the first and last post I make on this temporary account. If I get better I’ll make an update. But if that doesn’t happen. I guess it’s goodbye. Hasn’t been a good one but I love my family at least. Hopefully they can say the same about me. 