It just gets seems to harder even if you survive.I recently tried to end my life. My parents left for a Labor Day trip out of state. They trusted me despite five years ago on that day I had a previous attempt and was hospitalized while I was in college. It had been traumatic but necessary for me to grow from the fear I felt having to sleep in a hospital and be watched. For awhile after that I improved for many years. I now live a deadbeat life at my parents house after graduation. I don’t feel good about myself and live a sheltered life. I can’t get therapy, and my meds I no longer get due to loss of insurance. I’ve went through numerous sudden deaths of friends and family in the past decade, ripping my beloved grandfather from me and a childhood friend overdosing. I have a lot grief and it doesn’t seem to end.

I was just starting to improve my life despite having a relapse a few months ago. I’ve exhausted my friends a lot with my actions and trying to cling to anything in my life that brings me joy. I smother them to the point it’s hard for me not to feel like a burden to them. My closest friend seems to have moved on to someone less dramatic and I can’t say I blame her with how many times I’ve melted down on her. My relationship with my parents is strained and they care but don’t understand why I am so doom and gloom and resort to just telling me to get over it and faux positivity despite remembering how hard it was for them to see me run ragged in the psych ward. 

The night of the incident, I reached out to some friends who helped but my mood dropped later that night because I felt like I had stressed them out and burdened them more. I wanted to shoot myself with a gun we have in case of burglary or emergency. But I chickened out and ended up going to my neighbors house who talked me down and kept me at their house and in their care until my parents returned. Now I’m just numb and all of the friends that were trying to get a hold of me and were relieved now feel more distant or avoid me at all costs or cut me out completely and I feel even more alone. I apologized to many of them and feel bad for making them worry. Even that feels annoying. My parents are upset with me and don’t know how to help other then heavily keeping me under supervision. 

I thought surviving again was supposed to be a triumph. Why do I feel like it’s just worse again. Why does this happen. It feels selfish to want my friends to care more. I’m too numb to try it again but everything is just ruined, I don’t know how long I’ll be complicit in just being upset and trying to live until it goes up in flames again.