I don't think becoming an adult is for me. I'm 19 already and i ain't got long left.I've been depressed ever since i can remember. By depressed i just mean the need to die- even as i child i would imagine my own death to help me get to sleep. i've never been to get help or whatever, my parents just think i'm a very moody and dampened girl- which i am anyway. I've tried to kill myself in the past via bleach drinking, OD'ing on loads of class A's, suffocation and most recently trains... the very fast ones. Again my parents know noting of these. I'm very unemployed and i lack a talent or any speciality. I love films and thats what i'm studying but i'm realsitic, i know i will never make it as a film producer ( not with my taste of cinema and laziness) ANYWAY, i'm not looking for help in a typical suicide watch kind of way. I just feel like i should write my thoughts down where someone who doesn't know me can read and maybe have an impartial say on things. Thank you so much for even considering to read this by the way!!   


The thought of being an adult is so vulgar to me. I see no hope where i am going. I don't have a personality of any kind that good will come out of it, i'm 19 and i can hardly hold a conversation to anyone, even my best friends and my bf i feel like i become someone else just to be able to say things and not sit in silence like i so much desire. I can only get away with things as much as i have already because of my supposed 'good looks', they're not going to stay forever. So i say, what's the fucking point? I've always hated kids so thats not on my agenda, i don't believe in marriage for someone like me. The only thing waiting for me in the future is broken dreams, failed relationships and book upon books of regrets.   

I have always felt that the way i was going to die is suicide i just never knew when.  The only thing i'll miss is the sunshine and the feeling of being loved and in love. besides from that, all i can say is i never asked to be born. I didn't buy my ticket for this ride so why do i have to take it? 

I have spoken to people about it but they never take me seriously and just laugh it off. So i suppose reddit is the answer for me :)

Thank you again for reading!! 