Posting for a friend: “You’ll most likely agree that I should kill myself”Here it is:

“well it's a long story.. but when I was 11 or 12 I discovered and indulged in some very questionable things that were on my dad's external hard drive.. i kind of just forgot about it all until 2015, when I started growing a bit weed for myself  in my dad's basement.  He demonized me w/ jeopardizing his retirement which he worked so hard all his life for (hypocritically)... so that fueled my paranoia, which made me think... what if the house was raided by police because of my tiny grow-op (which is highly unlikely), and they stumbled upon the contents of that hard drive.. that's 15 years in jail.   and It's not like he was indulging in it anymore.. i guess he just forgot to delete it... it was from when he divorced my mom and lived alone for a while in 2003.  he's remarried now.  So in 2015, when he wasn't home, I went into his hard drive to delete those things, but in resurrecting the past I stupidly indulged myself in them again.  So I guess that’s my fault.  I deleted it, but I was hooked, and I sought out more of it on my own in relatively high volume, but only because I deleted over and over again out of guilt, then downloaded more in countless relapses.  I must have been hacked, because people have been dropping my search terms in convos, being all ambiguous when they want to humiliate me.  I told the story to my closest friend who I've known since I was 6 or 7.. but that hasn't stopped him from using it against me at bars and stuff, whenever some girl at another table would show interest in me, he'd get jealous and use a couple words and bam.. no one would touch me even with a ten foot pole..  The same thing happened at school.. i told a few students who I thought cared about me.. but all they did was spread the rumors behind my back and to my detriment... there were a couple of girls that I really liked and had real chances with, but as soon as people found out they made haste and ruined everything for me.  I can’t go anywhere or do anything without getting humiliated.  

All my life I dreamt of pursuing a career in art..  as in music, painting or writing.  but with this albatross hanging around my neck, i think all my prospects are shot.. at least thats what everyone at school seems to suggest.  ive broken out of those bad habits, but that doesn't seem to change anything... everyone I know is ready and determined to shoot me down in anything that I attempt.  I cant laugh at anything, or make any insightful contributions in class, or wash everyone's dishes in the student lounge out of the goodness of my heart, not without someone insinuating that i'm still a worthless, corrupted asshole.

I don’t think I can take much more of this.  I cant enjoy anything anymore.  I’m rudderless at sea and if I dont kill myself, I’m sure somebody else will more than gladly do it for me.  I just want my innocence back.”

I dont really know what to tell him.