After Years of depression, now thisHello

I'm a foreign student in Germany. I've never been a good student, although I love learning things. You must finish Bachelor by the 9th semester here and I've gotten to the 12th with extension, which I did 3 times. This is my last semester, whether I finish it with a degree or get kicked out.

I've been writing my thesis, started in November 2015. There were these couple of months, where I couldn't write anything, so I talked to my supervisor and he told me I had until 13.06.- time to finish it. It's almost finished and ready but today he talked to the secretary of the professor and she says I was supposed to submit it in March. I should've checked the correct deadline, I didn't. It's not my supervisor's fault.

I've been in depression for several years now. A couple of months ago everything was great and after talking to my doctor I've stopped taking anti-depressants. I've had days, when I've regretted waking up, wishing I'd stayed asleep. This is something worse.

My family isn't rich, so I also feel tremendous guilt about the money my father sends me. I was supposed to finish Bachelor in 3 and Master in 2 years, it's been 6 years of throwing hard earned money down the drain for me, and I still haven't even earned a bachelor degree.

The last couple of weeks I've felt good, maybe first time in years. Things were going good, I was very motivated to write my thesis. Now I don't even know how I feel. Feels like falling down a cliff so fast, I don't know when I'll land. I don't know if I'll be alive to land.

My supervisor said, that extensions for the deadline is possible. I'm probably not qualified for those. Even if I was, I had to apply for an extension before the March deadline.

I've felt suicidal before and I just kept going, hoping it'll be better tomorrow. I'm not sure it'll be better tomorrow.

What can I do?

EDIT: It's been cleared. I've spoken with the secretary and after speaking with the other secretary of the main committee, she fixed the date. There wasn't a formal extension but a memo of some kind, of which I've no knowledge. 
It was very scary, and to think I'm still this close to madness, scares me. Thank you to everyone who took time to write to me. 