I dont even know.Its a bit of a long story. I suffer of bipolarity and I know that im very emotionally unstable. I am 18 years old and living on my own but hoped to move to london to study music. I am in a really bad economical position, to the point that all my bills are late and i dont even have time to get 8 hours sleep since I have to work. Also here I know I have a safety net, but in england i dont which makes me feel even weaker. But due to a recent event, suicide is looking like a beautiful option right now.

About 2 years ago I met a girl. We clicked almost immediately and started dating. It was not long before I feel in love with her. She said she loved me and never in my young life had I been any happier. That same summer I met her I went to england to visit different schools while she went to an exchange in germany. We sent letters to each other constantly, fell asleep together with skype on, I wrote so many songs for her and she made tons and tons of poems. Its tough for me to say, but it was the best time of my life. Then we came back home. The night we were together it was amazing. A week later after both of us being back in the same country, I got a call. A friend of mine had seen her rolling around in a park with another guy. I felt crushed and confronted her. She said that he was just a friend (lets call him jake) and that they did not do a thing, just hugged and rolled around (even though my friend claims they saw them make out). It hurt so much, and i loved her so much I just decided to stick with her. But trusting her again became hard. I know this is not something a good person would do but I couldnt take it much more and asked her to please block him and delete him from her life, because the memmory was just too rough on me. After long discussions she did. It got better for a bit until one of her best friends (lets call him Max) started hitting on her. Everyone noticed except her. When she finally realized it was after a camp she went with all her friends (and me), when a friend of mine saw them talking and automatically could tell. The guy was obviously trying to give me the slip so I told my girlfriend, and after more arguing and more nights without sleep (I have a history with insomnia) she agreed to block him too. Months went by and it still was something we could not get over with. She always was way too touchy with her guy friends. I know it sounds like she was cheating on me but she was so supportive, so caring, and those eyes.... I trust her, or used to at least. Then new years came. She had gone with her friends to the beach while I stayed with my friends in town as this is supposed to be my last year here. I got drunk and she called me, laughing and giggling how another guy was hitting on her. I broke down and I broke up with her. The next day I could tell the huge mistake I had made and after a week of swallowing my pride I used all of my christmas money to take a bus to the beach she was in and get her back. There I realized she was back again talking to Max. She told me she'd only come back with me if max could stay in her life. Me desperate, agreed. Later we discussed it better and told her that I felt that she preffered having Max in her life than me. After more arguing she agreed to delete Max from her life, and after I asked her that Max could please not go back in her life ever again, cause it hurts too much to talk to her knowing he is still in her life. I told her that I understand if she prefers that if we ever split again, that she talks to him again but in that case im deleting her from my life as a whole, blocking her from all social media and deleting her phone number. She decided that she rather delete max than me. We dated for about 3 months before we broke up again. This time was since in those 3 months I had left my house, and I had too much work to date and to see her, and when we did, we only argued. We where like this for a month and a half. After that time we talked again, hooked up again and had an amazing time. Then I discovered all her skeletons. Before she had promised me that she would never ever do something with another friend of hers (lets call him Matt) since he is supposedly gay. I found out they made out. I felt betrayed. We argued about it and she ended being really sorry about it. I bought it. Now, was on facebook just passing the time before going to sleep and I noticed how she is friends again with Max and Jake, even though she made me a promise.

Now, I know its in her right. I did break up with her. But I cant help but feel so betrayed... she made so many promises and she breaks them and if I think logically I cant help but think she cheated/cheats on me... I know this should not be as bad and not half as bad as the things here in r/suicidewatch.... but just.... maybe im too sensitive, maybe im just a wuss, I dunno but it hurts so fucking much. I know the things I've asked her are not fair, and not something one should ask but she agreed, she said yes and I took her word. I dont even know now. I dont even know anything at all. Its just as I type this very words when im actually cracking up. I've passed the last couple of hours just wanting to finish my worthless existence. I gave her everything, she is the first and only person i have completely opened myself and now its all biting back. I feel used. I dont even know what I wanna do. I just want to finish this and all my economical problems would be gone, my parents where never proud of me so it doesnt even matter from that side. I hate most of my friends who are in this town and the ones i dont most of them have gone now. I wanted to spend the rest if my life with her, and now she does this... I know I should not react like this, im exaggerating... but shit I cant control this. She knew im in a really bad place in my life at the moment and now this comes down to hit me? Its too much.... I dont even know if I want the help, the one thing I know is that I sure as hell dont deserve it. I should not be reacting this way but I cant fucking help it... I still love her but I feel so crushed... I dont even know if I want your help... but I think theres still a bit of me left and that part wants help, wants some advice... I just want to feel better.