My last ever message7:29 AM (02/07/2018)  This might be the last ever thing that I've written.. hopefully that is. Because I cannot continue on living this so called "life" because frankly i feel more like im trapped inside a torture room than living life. Life should be doing things you feel positive doing. None of that dont do that and dont do this bullshit, no. Regardless of what you do in life everyones going to find some sort of rumour or something to bring you down. Now some are strong and some arent. Unfortunately I fall in the category which are not and that has led me to commit suicide. Suicide.. the easy way out they say.. mocking your suicidal thoughts just because they dont know what depression feels like. In life the best gift you should recieve is people who are there for you and support you regardless of the choices you make. "Family". What is this word you speak of? Because fuck, my "family" do worse to me than my fake friends. Using me for their advantages. Just know this alright. Listen carefully to these words. The moment you are reading this I am dead. I have no idea where I ll be at but do know that I ll be in a much better place. Dont go sobbing and crying the shit out of your eyes because I ll be having the best time regardless of where Im at anywhere is better than this fucked up world. 15 years old I am.. yeah havent enjoyed life havent I... what is there to enjoy. You enjoy life when people are supporting you and giving you courage to move on. Most people say when someone is commiting suicide he instantly regrets it. I sure know I wont. What is there to regret. If only theres something positive about my life that I would regret commiting suicide for. Anyways all I have to say is. All those people suffering from depression. Fight it. Dont give up. I know this is coming from me but I am different. Im weak. You are not you can do it. Believe in yourself. From the bottom of my heart I wish peace to everyone reading this and to the world and the future. And may you have the best life you could ever wish for. -Unknown 15 yearold useless human being. 7:52AM (02/07/2018)