It's just too muchI am a junior in high school (16 year old male), and I'm so unbelievably stressed. A combination of school life, social life, and things I don't even want to talk about has led me to contemplate suicide on a few different occasions. Honestly, I don't think I have the guts to actually do it. However, just the fact that I've spent more than a second thinking about it is a huge problem.

Anyway, I'm a very good student, with straight As in my AP and honors classes. Honestly, if I wasn't a good student I don't know what I would have. My social life is somewhat lacking, though greatly improved in recent months. I haven't been diagnosed or anything, but I'm rather sure I have social anxiety. Anyway, one of my new best friends is a sophomore, but the problem is I can't even be sure he likes me at all. I get mixed messages both ways and it's so confusing to me, it has basically dismantled me. He no longer walks with me to the buses after school, but we still sit next to each other at lunch. A couple months ago I took him to a pro hockey game. He's been to my house at least 3-4 times but I've only been to his once. Last week I invited him over, but he said "just kidding, I'm going to my neighbor's" 15 minutes before he was supposed to come. The next day, we spent a few hours at the mall together and then he slept over. Later in the week, he read but ignored all my messages but then we went to the theater to watch a movie together. Today, we were playing Call of Duty together when he had to go eat. I decided to just wait rather than play a game without him, so I waited for 15 only for him to leave the party without a word, presumably to join a different party with a different friend and play CoD alone, like he did last night. I asked him why he left but he ignored my text. When I asked him why he was ignoring me he ignored that too. Honestly I don't know why I put up with his shit but for some reason I do because I just really like him. But today, I swear to God, I could punch him in the face and call him a cunt. But somehow tomorrow morning, he'll find a way to play it off like nothing happened and like I wasn't really hurt by what he did. And somehow my stupid fucking brain will pretend I wasn't hurt either. I can't tell if he's just messing with me without realizing how hurtful it is, or if he's just a massive dick.

I don't get invited anywhere, it's always me initiating shit. And my best friend whole I've known basically my whole life and I have somewhat drifted apart.

Now school. School is just so stressful I can't handle it. I'm doing really well but there's just so much work involved. Hours of homework, which leads me to play hours of video games to escape, which leaves me with just enough time to sleep to gain the energy I need to spend hours in school the next day. Essay here, vocabulary there, test, test, test, project, etc. It's awful.

So here I am, making this post after crying on my basement floor for a little while. I just needed to rant a bit. That felt good.