Never thought I'd post here but its all come crashing down today...Ive actually grown to hate myself more than I ever had in just the past hour or so. It's a really long story, and i know im a complete asshole and piece of shit for it but I'll be happy, just to know that i was able to tell just someone what was going through my mind...

Backstory is, I was my parents' unwanted accident child and i never felt like i was wanted anywhere. Any friends that I made were just people to pass the time, none of them actually cared about me. I never even planned to live past high school and I was just deadset on making it to 18 then leaving. Then, I met my best friend, purely by chance since we were partnered for taking care of a club for just a day. I genuinely just grew to love her and before I knew it she became the only reason I had to live. I actually, thought there might be something worth living past 18 for. But, keep in mind the past 17 years of my life i built myself up in my mind to be a worthless piece of shit that can't do anything right and I genuinely couldn't understand why she wanted to stick around with me. And therein is the root of my jealousy.

[This section makes me feel like a complete piece of shit] I really, couldn't handle her spending more time with lther people than myself, I kept thinking that it was only a matter of time before she woke up and realized there were plenty of better people she could have in her life. Evem though she constantly tried to reassure me that she never was going to leave or replace me. But I still just couldn't believe any of it.

Fast forward to just tonight where i came off a really shit day and really just hated myself. She invited me to join her and a friend of mine in a game and, I just lost it... I, i really dont know what happened but i just ended up pushing her away and just saying that the day she ended up replacing me, please have it be one of the only people i considered an actual friend. The second i said that i really regretted it. Too little too late though, cause i could tell i crossed a line and no matter what kind of apologies I made it didn't make a difference since she probably hates me now anyway. Now im just, sitting here writing this on my phone while trying to keep myself from tossing myself off the deep end. Im sorry, for my stupid story and I'm really sorry for anyone who has to read this...