Being alone and not being able to deal with it anymore!So if you want to know my story fine here, I feel I am probably going to be alone forever single and I really can not deal with that. I have had problems since i was young about finding a girlfriend. I have had girlfriends here and there during high school and a little after. Until 2015 in April when last girlfriend broke up with me. Iv been alone ever since then and it has not gotten any better. I am on pills, and i have had 3 councilors over the past years. My friends have all moved on or are hard to get ahold of because life so busy for them. What makes it worse for me is everyone says "oh it will happen when you least expected." B.S. I dont believe in magic! I have contemplated suicide many times over this especially if i was 30 and alone but even before then its hard to even between then to not want death! Yes i have a hobbies but video games dont help and cosplay makes it worse to be alone. Speaking of cosplay....It is one of the best/worst things of my life I believe because I have fun doing it but wanting a girlfriend cosplayer. This started back in 2015 when i went to my first con and saw a girl named oki cosplay...She is probably one of the beautiful girls I have ever seen before in my life...one problem she was taken by a average looking dude....Then it stressed me to even today why a average guy can have a model like girlfriend and i set my standards high. Though i lowered them after talking to councilors...But it hurts to know a average guy can get a cosplay model like that...I am jealous beyond belief. months and years past and it feels like forever ago but i have been on eharmony, match, okcupid, tinder, meetme, facebookand tried and tried and tried but no luck from 2015 to now! I have tried so hard to just go to cons to have fun but all i can think about is those woman! regular woman i feel are creeped out by the fact I cosplay I think...and cosplay girls do not want anything to do with me either...I tried hiding that I cosplay but idk if the damage is already done or I just am ugly and my parents and parents friends and friends all lie to me that i am good looking. I am sick and tired of this and idk where else to turn before ending it. No i cant get a pet because my apartment doesn't allow it. I am 22 now and it hurts to live now to even make it to 30.