Needing help making it through tonight. Then the rest of June.So.... I just posted this in /r/depression under a different name:

&gt;Okay. So here's the story.

&gt;I'm in desperate need of some support, advice, and good vibes n general. I'll recount the important bits in chronological order.
I'm 23. I've been depressed for the last 9 years. I finally got professional help around 4 years ago. I'm currently on psych drugs that help somewhat but i am not currently seeing a counselor. I had had a handle on my depression until about the last month.

&gt;I recently graduated from college, a year ago May. When I first began attending college, I was interested in becoming doctor. By the third year my depression won out. I lost interest in school. Unfortunately I didn't have a backup plan. I wanted to take a year off to take care of myself, come back when I found my passion for education again. My parents, who didn't pay for college but have still helped me financially, forced my hand in finishing school to get the degree.

&gt;I am intelligent, passionate, and a hard worker. I have been developing a dream and a goal of opening my own coffee shop one day.
I recently had to move back in with my parents, another decision that forced my hand in. It was not a good idea to say the least. Where I was living before I had direction, a goal I was working toward. There was a coffee kiosk in town that was up for sale and I was talking to a banker and real estate agent. Then, I had two cars blow up on me in one month. Instead of taking my time to make a decision on my next move, I threw up my hands and moved home.

&gt;Here I am living with my family who I don't get along with. They are a big trigger for my depression. I have a job but it is the worst I've ever had. I don't have friends in town and it's very small town. Not much to do or ways to meet people. Besides I know everyone in town.
I feel very trapped right now. I don't have a direction for where to go next. My job doesn't pay enough to live alone. I don't even know what job I want to apply for. I've thought about going back to school, but to even apply for med school I would have to do about a year of undergraduate work and then take the MCAT. I don't think I have anyone in my life who has my best interests in mind. My parents don't want to go back to school because of how many loans I already have. They don't think I should pursue my coffee shop dream either until I have a good solid source of income.

&gt;The biggest thing that is on my mind is that the month of June is going to be here in 2 days. June scares the shit out of me. The last two years in a row I have had my first then second suicide attempt. I don't think I care to make it through the month. I don't have anyone to talk about this with. The subject is avoided in my family.
Any help or advice would be very appreciated.

It hasn't gotten any responses yet. That's okay it's just, the longer the night goes on the worse I'm getting however. My last suicide attempts felt the same way tonight does. It also seems like everything that has gnawed at me the past several months is coming up tonight. Things like past relationships and jobs. It seems like a sign that tonight would be a good night to end it. Plans keep swirling in my head. I'm really not okay right now. I'd rather not be alive. 