I posted on here 54 days ago. I know life doesn’t change over night. But every single day it just keeps getting harderLast time I posted on here life was just shit. A few days after I was taken advantage of by a friend I thought I could trust. Being a dude Nd shit, like I never thought something like that would ever happen.  Like I’ve been harassed before by both men and women. But a girl drugging me Nd Shit. Kinda fucced me up hard cause every single day since then my anxiety has been killing me. My friends have been over protective with me and I understand that but no ones giving me the freedom I want lol but we’re all grown so ofc they can’t control my life but that’s a topic for another day. Past 54 Days the suicidal thoughts have been the topic of every single one of those days. I’ve been suicidal since 5th grade I used to draw little pictures of me dying or whatever. All I know is dying has been on my mind for years. I’m 19 now sophomore in college and shit just doesn’t seem like it’s worth it anymore. A day goes on and I slowly walk on this thin line of not caring anymore about my friends, gf, and family. I feel like I’m nearing a point where my suicidal tendencies will overwhelm the thoughts of not killing myself because they’re in my life. Trying to remind myself that I am “loved” yet it doesn’t feel liek it cause no one truly cares. I would rather die at this point in life. Everyone can live without me. If anything I’m more of a burden on their lives. I don’t know how to do anything. All I know is I wanna die. I give up. I mean I think I will give up eventually. I’m tired of work and school and trying to keep with hobbies and a social life. I wanna die. I think I’m going to kill myself. I can’t do this anymore. This world you have to be strong to be an actual functioning adult. And I don’t have it. If this is my last thing I ever post on here. I hope everyone gains the strength they need to keep moving forward. I don’t deserve anything anymore. I know everyone has the strength to keep going. I hope everyone finds it. I’m just not it. Keep striving for great health and success. You guys are worth it. &lt;3 