How I ended up wanting to die. [Long]DO NOT CONTINUE READING IF YOU ARE SENSIBLE ON ANY SUBJECT. 

I'm fucking sick to keep all those things inside me burried and no psychologist can help me. I'm on a point I dont believe on any help possible. I"m writing this cause I can't stand this weight on me, just trying to get off. 
I'm sorry I'll sound very lame, also I'm not an english speaker. 

I have 18 years old now, and I'm a girl. 
I'll start by where the shitstorm began, when I had 7 years old. I was on a party of the son of the friends of my parents. I was on the room of the brother of the birthday boy, he was playing a shooting game and I was sitting on his bed, keep in mind the house was extremely small, their parents were just behind the door [Which was opened]. The guy had 17 years old. 
My school had a lot of girls who talked a lot about kissing and I was really, really innocent, you probably will think "its not possible for you to don't know what you were saying" I didn't. 
I remember a girl on the school said he learned how to tongue kiss, and I thought it was the act of you to roll your tongue up. 
I told "I know how to tongue kiss" to the guy. 
He turned to me "Oh really?", he stood up and closed the room door; "Come here". 
I went and he grabbed my ass, kissing me. I was so scared, I knew I did something wrong. His brother entered the room and saw he kissing me, and he said "Close the door", and the brother did. I looked at him, very scared, and asked "Will he tell my parents?" and he looked at me, and said "Nothing will bad will happen if you don't tell them". Then after that its all blank, I don't remember how I got out of this situation, or what happened next. This poisons me, cause after him I never dated any guy, I was always too scared, trembling on male presence. I feel like it wasnt just a kiss.
The years after I always had to go back there for birthdays, he always looked at me with "dark eyes" and a pervert smile. 
I was always scared of him. 

Other subject on my life were always getting bullied, I changed schools about 12 times. It always had some kind of problem that couldn't be solved, and my mom had to make me go to somewhere else. They have beated me up, threatened me, hacked me, and everything. 

I had about 13 years old when I came up to my mom I kissed a girl, and told what happened at 7 years old. She said "I'm sure you liked him kissed you" "if you ever have a girlfriend she will never step on this house". 
A quick resume: Shortly after that I met a girl on the internet, her name was Beatrice, she really holded me down when I wanted to kill myself, she was my life. She roleplayed characters with me, I considered them my family. Then she disappeared, and I met Alice, a trans boy. I fell in love, he was gay. My mom discovered it, I told her he was trans and that was a really sensitive subject to him, so she doesn't go while I'm having a call and say some shit, she did exactly that, on purpose, to hurt him. I freaked out, I was so angry, because I saw she was evil. 
She kept lecturing me how "disgusting" that was, she kept asking about sex, and really being horrible. 

After that I talked alone, I had nobody, the teachers saw the way I dressed as "boy", and kept doing homophobe things, telling how being gay isn't right at class, looking at me. When I asked questions, they avoided me, never answering my questions. 
I ended up quitting school at 16. 

At 15, me and my mom had suspision of having cancer. Me on my uterus, and my mom on the neck. My dad got jealous of my mom for idiot reasons and decided that was a really good time to say "I'm leaving home", he didn't left home, but that would trigger a lot of fights on my house. 

I tried to go back to school, I got a job, I started taking antidepressants. That's when i truly lost control, cutted myself more than ever, tried to run away; Started screaming while trying to take the keys from my parents. I attacked them. They called an ambulance. I ended up on the hospital. 
I quitted school, I left my job. (One of the times I cutted myself, my mom rubbed salt on my wounds, saying "You are hurting me, you want to hurt yourself? you want to feel pain?") 

My mom is overly protective of my brother, he breaks my stuff, she blames me, my dad left home, and he is dumping everything on me, fights that were with him, are now with me. She doesn't want him visiting the house. 

I have a boyfriend now, she keeps telling me how I should marry a rich guy, and how I shouldn't date him because he is poor, and how my life will be horrible with him.  

I have nightmares about people raping me, about me murdering people. 

I am on my bed 24/7, and she truly believes I'm just "lazy". My self destruction is sutile, but high. 

I have a suicide pact that when one of my cats die, I'll kill myself. 

I'll probably delete this post soon.  