I feel like i’m not supposed to be here anymoreSo, I made a throwaway account because I don’t want anybody to know that I’m feeling like this. 

Every day I look around and watch life happening around me. I constantly wonder why I don’t feel excited, scared, motivated, and especially happy. I feel like I’m just floating through each day trying to find some reason to hang on, and I’m all out of reasons. I’m such a fucking loser. I work minimal hours in a restaurant because I can’t find the effort to find a better job, I don’t care about myself anymore. I smoke weed way too much because it numbs some of the pain for a little while. The only reason I haven’t done it yet is because I’ve got a sister who’s in middle school. I don’t want to make her sad or fuck up her 8th grade year. She’s a great girl and she deserves to have a sibling that can function and live a normal life. I can’t give that to her. But here’s the thing; I feel like her, my family, my friends, would be so much better off without me. I feel like such a waste of resources, time, money, and life. I’m not good at anything. I don’t want a career. I don’t want to eat the foods O used to love. I don’t want to go anywhere. I don’t want to get out of bed. I don’t want to fall in love. I don’t want to do anything except finally be done. Being dead sounds like a breath of fresh air, right now I feel like I’m drowning. I don’t even want to help myself anymore, I don’t think that I’m worth it. I’ve never wanted anything more in my life than to just kill myself and I feel that it is my fate, no matter how hard i work. I’m going to die soon and I’m finally okay with it. I feel very detached from the world and I feel like I have never and will never belong anywhere. I was a mistake and I am so sorry to everybody who has had to interact with my disgusting, worthless piece of shit self. I just can’t do it anymore, every day hurts and every day I despise myself more and more. I can’t anymore. I don’t see any other option at this point. I really need to do this.