My friend (who is MtF transgender) is very very close to suicide and therapy nor meds don't seem to be helping.She's been suicidal since earlier this year when she (being polyamorous) had 3 of her relationships end simultaneously. Soon after that happened, quarantine began and she, being a person who thrives off frequent social interaction, started feeling worse and worse. 

Myself and her two exes kept talking with her and eventually, after pulling her from jumping, convinced her to seek therapy and medication. It's been hard for her to have consistent therapy because of quarantine and the therapists having tight schedules. She just started a new depression med called Mirtazipine a few weeks ago but that hasn't started helping yet.

She doesn't have a job or health insurance, and has really bad anxiety with dealing with customers, so getting a job that would work well is extremely difficult. She got fired from her last job from missing too many days because of depression. She ended up this month having to move into a boarding house with someone who turned out to be transphobic, and someone else there tested positive for Covid. Her only friend she had there also just tested positive so now she has to be locked away in her room with no physical interaction available.

She is being financially supported by her parents, but only until the end of the year. Her parents historically have been unsupportive of her being transgender, and generally don't help. They are very well off and wanted to invest in real estate that she could move into and pay rent for. They backed out of doing that right before she moved out of her old apartment, but her parents didn't tell her they backed out.

I, at this point and at my wit's end, have suggested that I talk with her parents because she doesn't feel it will help doing it herself. She told me not to mention suicide to her parents because she's worried they will call the police on her and place her on an involuntary hold. She had this done before and it only made everything worse because they treated her like garbage at the facility and she was feeling intense dysphoria without being able to shave at all, and she has terrible PTSD from that situation.

I mentioned that I would need to mention suicide so her parents know the severity of the situation, and she said that if the police are called, she'll flee with a knife and threaten to stab herself.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm completely lost and conflicted on what to do and I'm not sure where to post this, but I really really need help.