I can't see a future where things will be betterContext:

I'm a 19 year old student studying away from home. I finished first year university in April and am taking summer courses right now. Actually, I didn't really finish. I failed all 7 courses over the span of two semesters. I'm in academic probation right now and am failing again and about to actually get kicked from the school. This school wasn't even my first choice of university but because I ended up almost flunking high school, I had to choose this school because of more lenient grade requirements. Nonetheless, it's still a well recognized university with an amazing student body and a gorgeous campus and it offers some of the best co-op programs in the country. I'm about to rob myself of all of that and lose those opportunities. 

I simply lack the discipline and work ethic to do well in anything besides playing video games and browsing reddit. Severe procrastination and mild anxiety has controlled my life since ever but never really manifested until the last year of high school and now in university due to more demanding workloads. I cannot rid my mind of the "play now, work later" mentality. 

When I first told my parents, they were in utter disbelief. They couldn't believe that I couldn't even pass one single course and that I had wasted one whole year doing fuck all while wasting about almost $10k. They wanted my thoughts and plans before they did anything and so I told them about the academic probation situation. I told them I would use this summer to build good studying habits and discipline myself academically and athletically and set a good foundation for future university years and also put myself back in good academic standing (achieve past a certain sessional GPA). They gave me a second chance and now I'm going to end up failing one of my courses which will guarantee me not making that GPA cut while not having done anything I promised I would do. And I would have no legitimate excuse if I were to talk to my professor or administrators. My parents are going to disown me now and I haven't a single friend I can rely on for anything. I have a little brother 10 years younger than me and my dad seems to have placed all his hopes on him so he would have no problem not letting me back in. I doubt he'll even buy the plane tickets for me to come back.

Rant and thoughts: 

I took a while and thought about it.

I have no interests, no hobbies, no talents, and no friends besides playing video games and occasionally browsing reddit. I would very rarely go swimming and go to the gym but my lack of discipline causes me to stop going after not even a week. I literally do not enjoy doing anything besides playing video games. I realized that even if I succeeded in completing university, get a degree, get a 9-5 job, I wouldn't be doing something I enjoy. Because I have nothing I enjoy doing besides absolutely irrelevant stuff like games etc... I have no friends not only because I'm studying away from home but because I can't find any enjoyment in spending time with other people. Couple this with a raging case of cynicism that has grown as the years went on and you have an introvert who never goes out of his way to make friends, participate in social activities or go out of his way to develop personal relationships. 

Now the situation is probably something more along the lines of I go to a lesser college or even a technical school, learn a trade, and work like that for the rest of my life, something I don't enjoy at all, pays little to nothing and with people/co-workers who I probably despise as well. 

If there was an "end your life instantly and painlessly" button, I would press it immediately without posting on reddit. I don't have any drugs or medicine or a gun or any of that stuff. I don't want to commit suicide because I would probably have to use a swiss army knife that I have and cut through my entire wrist or my entire neck and I obviously don't want to go through that. I want to commit suicide because everything has hit rock bottom and I see no hope. Why go through all this frustration and depression and not have anything good come from it. It feels absolutely brutal every single morning just having to get out of bed and with how things have played out, I don't have the resources or the ability to make things different. 

I'm simply posting here to see if anything has gone through what I've described and made something enjoyable or meaningful out of their lives and how they did it. Or if you didn't, read my post and try to stand in my footsteps and understand where I'm coming from and say what you would do in this scenario. I'm not looking for advice. Or maybe I am. I don't know. My mental state is a mess and I feel so lost and screwed. 

