Wondering why my ex best friend went the way he did...Throwaway for privacy reasons.

This happened over a bit of a year ago and haunts me. And lately the day he (XXX) choose has been coming back hard in my memory. He was the only person I talked to so I really don’t have a whole lot of people to talk about it except for work and random strangers.

I was at work when I got a call from my daughter. The phone call was frantic and I could not understand anything except the last sentence, “XXX is dead”. Told her I was on the way and stayed on the phone till I got to my house 10 minutes later. Cops were everywhere. My children were in the back of a police cruiser.

Bit of filler info:

XXX had been helping me during a rough patch for home life. My ex had moved over 8 hours away several months prior, I work a job that has demanding hours during certain parts of the year, and despite our small town I didn’t feel okay leaving kids home alone.

I’d known XXX for many years. My family knew him well, we all had the same friends for a long time, I’d see his family pretty often. This was not some crazy guy. Bit of a temper but what man doesn’t have something like that from time to time. He’d been down on his luck as well, lost his job, I think he was out of money, he was supposedly being evicted from his place. I was ready for the “can you help me out?” and was ready cause we had each other’s backs. I already knew that it was rough so every night he joined us for dinner for about a year already, basically had free reign of the house.

I had tried figuring things out with kids for care but wasn’t able to and he offered to help watch them until the end of the school year. And the kids liked it. I’ve done my best raising them and letting them know that if they ever ever feel weird about someone say it, and they have.

School lets out, summer comes and goes, school starts back up. Because I’d been busy all summer with work I failed to find proper care for my girls. Once again XXX is there to help me out. About a week of school and then..

Back to my kids in the cruiser. My first thought truly was why would someone want to come into my house and hurt XXX or my children? This is before my daughter told the event.

On this day he waited for them to come home, then lied about a magic trick in their bedroom. He restrained them to their beds and covered their faces. My eldest said she thought it was a joke until she saw his gun. They were tied down for over an hour while he paced the house screaming at them to be quiet. My eldest kept trying to escape and that’s when he put the gun to her head. She said that was when it clicked it was life or death. He knew I wasn’t due to be home for several hours.

It came to a point. He told them don’t get up till you hear a shot. They listened while he went into my bedroom and they heard a shot. But then that’s when they heard his footsteps again. He untied my eldest and made her take her shirt off. I’m aware that stuff happened, and I won’t say what. I only state that cause I think he did that for incentive, cause the next thing was he handed her the gun and told her she had to do it cause he couldn’t.

And she did. 2 shots to the head and another to the body as he fell. She cut her sister loose and got out of there and called the cops.

I don’t really know why it had to go THAT route. I’m so confused because over a year later I still see things and think “I should text about XXX this”. My mind literally still has trouble connecting pieces and I have to consciously reconnect what he did with who he was the lifetime prior to that day.

Can anyone help shed some light on this for me? It’s been a hard few months knowing it’s been a full year since this and I’m at the point I think I’ll never process this on my own.