I'm so lonely, I can't take it anymoreI feel so alone and desperate these days. It's been like this for months. I have no one. I don't have a job. I don't have any friends. I don't even have good health. I feel so isolated because I don't have a will to live and because I feel like I'm more broken than anyone else. I feel lonely knowing I'm going to die soon while most people will recover and maybe have a chance at finding happiness even if it's just for a moment. 

I've been struggling with depression for most of my life but I used to be fun. I used to have friends and a significant other and a job. I don't have those things anymore and I feel so broken because I let those losses destroy the last thing I had left, my health. Turns out I was completely ill equipped to have no one around. People get back on their feet eventually after people leave. Not me. 

I read about completed suicides so I feel less alone. I'm so lonely every damn day. The world moves on without noticing that I'm deteriorating and crying every day. The world will continue to move when I'm gone. 26 was all I had in me and I'm so bitter about it. I've been beyond saving for a long time. I just can't hold on for much longer. I don't have any money right now and my bank account was closed last month but tomorrow, I plan on getting a prepaid debit card with the little cash I have left to order the necessary ingredients to end my suffering. Soon no one, not even strangers on the internet, will have to listen to my whining in desperation. 

I wish I could go back and stop myself from getting this bad. I wish there were someone who was around for these last 6 months so I wouldn't have been left to my own devices and ruin my body by starving. I'm nothing now. But even when I had my health, my friends, my ex, the job, I was nothing then. I've felt this way for a long time but this, this is so painful. I'm alone, even in my self inflicted health issues, my joblessness, my debt. I'm barely a person and I can't take it anymore. 

I'm scared of non existence because I had hopes and dreams that will never be fulfilled but at least I won't be here to know one way or another. Thanks for listening and reading.