I always felt lost, but now i feel more lost than ever before.I am sorry that I write like a story, sorry that this post is long.
I feel lost, I feel oh so terribly lost. Every night I dream of something new every night I dream of something bold. But tonight my dream was bolder than it ever was before. Tonight’s dream was of my own death. I have dreamed of thoughts of self-harm but never have I seen dreams of my own death. I felt lost and without control within my life. My dream seemed to take control and force the fear of hatred and loss to be my true and only emotions. My dream of death was not one committed by another but one that was performed by my hands. As I slept my mind wandered to many place, some to times of great sorrow and some to times of pure bliss. My dreams began in a state of bliss remembering the girl I’m in love with, remembering the picture that was taken on Valentine’s Day one that brings me pure and unrivaled bliss. But then my dream took a road that led to March seventh were me and my love sat on the steps on a warmer of the many winter days, and how I said nothing as she had cut her ties with me. My dream reminded me of how much hatred and anger I had for myself due to I was not able to calm my love, and I seemed to be cold heartless prick. My mind then led to another setting, I originally believed that this setting was another memory as my previous dreams but I was mistaken. This setting was but a dream one that can be seen as the future or one that can be seen as my true feelings of the world. My dream was that of the early morning, I had awoken taken my dagger and my car keys and left the house. I drove and I drove, and I did not mind the road signs or the speed limits I drove so that I could die. I drove as fast as I could and one after another a police car began to follow suit. I allowed them to follow and I let them give chase all so I can feel the hatred for myself rise. It then came into view the ocean, the ocean was seen from the bridge as I was crossing it I knew for me to be free of the hatred I must do one thing. I jolted my wheel to the right and broke the barrier of the bridge and I felt my car drop. I knew if I fell into the water I would live because water is comfort for me, so I took my dagger and thrust it into my chest. I felt the cold metal pierce my skin and go through the layers of muscle passing bone and making its way into my heart. I felt the hatred, and anger over myself dispel and I felt like the pain was gone. The car impacted the water and my life went dark, I didn’t feel the warmth of the son all I felt was the warmth of my blood and the cold of my body as I drifted away into the abyss of nothingness. My dream had not ended there. My dream had continued, but I was not myself. I continued through the eyes of everyone I ever knew. I was in my bedroom where through my father’s eyes I look at my wall. The tickets, the posters, the prom invitation, and my senior pictures at prom. But I also notice underneath the Christmas card from the one I love I see a note that was written by me. Through my father I open the note and see that it is a suicide note, not one that is typical but one saying that “life is to short to give up, but when we know its over its over, and to me that’s not giving up, that’s taking control”. No one else in my life had thought of what I did the same way I did. Through the eyes of my loved ones I saw my funeral, which I wish, did not occur. Even though I believe I took control of my life I felt like I was too much of a coward to fight own and say my life is not over. I saw the anguish of my mother losing a son, I saw the hatred my brother felt for me, and I saw the loss in the eyes of my father. It was hard for me to handle but my dream played on. I say my little sisters cry at my coffin unable to move, I saw my person my one friend who I saw as my family sit there with her hands in her lap unable to speak next to a friend, while both of their heads were down and they were crying. I then saw my three guy friends stand by each other with the same look of hatred my brother had trying to understand why I never spoke and why I had to be selfish. I saw more and more family all of which had different looks but was all ultimately looks of loss. My friend who although known fro a short time but who I had grown fond of through our mutual surgery had shown up, and every step he took was with a falter I couldn’t bear it so I closed my eyes. When I opened them again I noticed that the one person I did not see was the girl I loved. I had written in my note that she was not to have been notified of my selfish depart. But I had seen that had not been the case when I had witnessed her father and his girlfriend join the group of people in front of my body. My dream than changed again, but not to a different day just to a different place, I had ended up in the car with the girl I loved. And there I sat as I saw that she was distraught and completely in ruins. I felt ashamed of myself, first for thinking that she should not be this torn because we did not have a connection, but then I realized even if we were not romantically involved she was my best friend the one I would give my life for if the need ever had risen. At that moment I remembered that I swore to myself one day that I would never let her feel loss or pain that would cause her to be like this, but I knew if I didn’t complete my intentions my life would be fools paradise and I would not want to live in that. A place where I follow other’s wishes, I live a life with out the two people closest to me, and I live a life of anger and hatred. I was unable to control my feelings and my ends did justify the means. I felt free but I felt a new pain, not one of my own but the pain of everyone in my life. This led to my dream coming to a close, and I woke with a jolt. And now I am sitting here wondering if taking my life is something I should do, will I be free from my anger and hatred.