17 years ago today my uncle committed suicide...I thought my story might help people see what it is like from the other side. 

17 years ago today I was 13 and about to enter my freshman year of High School. We were at the public pool and my mom said she had to run an errand and she would be back in an hour. My sister was with me. 3 hours later my dad comes to pick us up. This was strange... it was only 3 or 4 in the afternoon and he doesn't get off work/home until 6. He never comes and gets us from the pool. I am surprised he knew how to get there!

Once we get home he asks us to come outside because he has something to tell us. We are both confused and scared at this point. My little brother is inside. He was 6 at the time but would turn 7 in a few days. 

My father told us that our (favorite)uncle had killed himself. He was found by my aunt(his sister) and my mother hanging in a closet in his house. My father could have handled this better and been a little more sensitive to 13 and 14 year old girls. We handled it and the next few days were a blur. 

Many people started showing up to the house at this point bringing food and soda and whatever they could think of to try to make us more comfortable. My grandmother lives one house over so they were mainly up there while my mother dealt with this aftermath. 

The funeral was a blur and soooo many people showed up. He was always the life of the party. 

He showed me how to dip my chicken nuggets in honey and not drip all over the place. He let me drive on his lap. He gave me a spiked hair cut and a rat tail when I was 8 (i am a girl and mom was not happy) He taught me to water ski. He taught me how to flick a bottle cap a hard enough to make a dent in the wall.  He taught me how to put cigarette loads in my moms cigarettes to make them explode. He took me camping. He threw me around in a bean bag chair like a burrito. So many other things to list but I am in tears. 17 YEARS LATER!

My family has gotten through this but it would have been a lot better if he was around. My sister and my aunt have both been in long term abusive relationships... he would have kicked the dudes asses.

My other uncle. His brother has become a raging alcoholic... he would have kicked his ass straight.

My brother...his little buddy. Has become a jobless loser. He would have kicked his ass straight as well. 

He has a daughter that was two months old when he left that I have met maybe twice. She will never know her father.

We have no idea why he did it. There was no note and no warning. I still think about him pretty much everyday. Every now and then something will kick me in the chest and I will break down in a crying fit.

I will never get to have a beer with him. He would have been awesome to party with. He didn't get to see me graduate. He will never get to see me get married. 

Sorry if I am rambling but I want you to think about all of the people you will effect if you make that decision. 17 years later and I think about him all the time. My aunt has been a mess today. She was the one that found him and still has nightmares. He was her best friend. She is doing better these days but misses him so much. Nothing can replace your brother, your uncle or your father. 

If this is the wrong subreddit for this I apologize.