PretendingWhen I was 8 years old I had a very close friend, we were inseparable and did everything together, like a normal kid with his best friend. If he got angry at me I would cry because I thought he was gonna stop being my friend, and he would do the same, pretty adorable right? Well, looking back I actually liked when he cried, (happened maybe twice I guess?) because it made me feel that I mattered to someone, I liked seeing someone worried about me leaving. When we were to finally reconcile it would be very emotional, as emotional as a friendship between two kids can get lol.
I had to switch schools when that year ended and never saw my friend again (nor the rest of my friends of course), it was a bummer but I got over it with time. Nevertheless that feeling of "being wanted" never really went away. In third grade I tried, and this time on purpose, having a friendship like that with another kid, I used to pick on him a bit so that he would get sad so that I could apologize and reconcile with him, while expecting that he did  the same sometime in the future. Of course it never happened and I just ended up being a little annoying twat to my poor classmate. 

After many years, I changed to the other side of the role, I liked being pitied, I liked when people felt sorry for me. It was a way of being loved, like when my friend finally forgave me when I was the one crying for him. Of course, he didn't felt sorry for me, he was just sad as well and just wanted to keep being friends with me. The reconciliation part always brought that powerful emotional sensation which felt very good, hard to explain...imagine getting back to your partner after a break up, I believe that's a good way of seeing it.

Fast forward to present day, as I was saying above, I like when people feel sorry for me because I feel I matter. I even have these twisted fantasies of having relatives dying and friends coming in to support me. Sometimes it can get so strong I think about killing myself so that my partner and friends would mourn for me, this usually happens when I'm already feeling bad about other stuff. The thing is, most of the time I don't even actually feel sad, I just want to feel that emotional sensation that comes with being pitied and comforted so I pretend in my mind that I'm depressed and end up fantasizing about suicide and everyone missing me after my death. Now my problem is, I don't know if I'm just pretending or if I'm really suicidal anymore. I have almost lost all fear of sucide by fantasizing about it so much, although I don't actually think I could do it. But when I feel extremely down for other issues (body image mainly, which is a whole other story), I almost always think about killing myself, I have started to seeing it as valid option in case I wanted to stop suffering...

I don't know how to end this post, uhmm if someone has any advice or has felt the same please share.