Brother Moving Back Home...Hi All,

First time poster here, hope that the experience of this subreddit can provide me with some helpful advice and/or support.

First of all I will provide some light on the situation we have at hand; my brother (24 years old) has been a long-time suicide contender (3 years) he has always had very degrading thoughts about himself yet he tries his hardest to live a life that hides the thoughts as best as possible. 

Approximately 5 years ago, he entered into a relationship with his current girlfriend and they have had their ups and downs, and I have seen them go through break-ups and reunites quite frequently. This was the beginning of his suicide threats, on each occasion (break up with his girlfriend) my brother would threaten to commit suicide and at one point actually cut himself, thankfully we were there and we prevented it from going further.

Upon noticing the toxicity of the relationship he had with his girlfriend and with himself, our family took it upon themselves to have him immediately begin seeing a therapist. Therapy took place for approximately 12 months (2014-2015) and we were seeing no improvements in his thought patterns, actually the thought patterns began to be more manipulative to get what he wanted; he would begin to use the threat of suicide as a way to have his way. This was obviously beginning to take a very large toll on our family, my mom and dad (divorced) could not see eye-to-eye on how to solve the situation, so with the therapist and other family members (aunts, uncles, etc.) it was decided that we would have him leave the country with my mom to live together and see if the time away (potentially studying, seeing a therapist overseas) would help.

Unfortunately, over that past 2 years of mom and my brother being overseas neither of them saw the importance of therapy and/or studying to get my brother's mind busy and find more than enough reasons to live, thus both of these things were very short-lived (6 months). He has used the past 18 months to play video games, continue dating his girlfriend, and survive off of mom's finances.

As of last night, he has officially given up and has asked that he be given the option to return back to our home country to live and work. Although this has taken us by surprise, we would love to have him back home, however, the scary part is, he has not been working on his problem and we are very worried that he will continue with his old thought patterns. Thus, we do not know how to respond to his request.

The current thought of our family is as follows:

1. Allow him to return home and we will support him with a job in our family business for 3 months, if the job works out he can continue. During this three months he will be permitted to live at home, with the understanding that he must find his own place after three months.
2. During this time, he will be required to follow a schedule that has him see a therapist (twice per week), maintain a healthy lifestyle - sleep schedule, gym schedule, eating schedule, etc. and incorporate some sort of hobby (not sure if this should be video games?).

I am currently numb as to what to think, hence why I have come here, I understand that my brother has a problem and I would like to help him, however, I do not know where to begin.

TLDR; Brother has a toxic relationship with his girlfriend, threatened to commit suicide on multiple occasions over the past 36 months. 2 years ago him and my mom (divorced) moved overseas to get space (see a therapist, study) to see if we could reduce the problem. Mom and brother did not stick to plan of therapy and studying, brother played video games for 18 months and lived off of mom's finances, brother wants to move back to home country to work and live although he did not try to deal with his suicidal problem.