Suicide and the ending resultsSo this is my first post to Reddit. I don't honestly know how this works but one of my ex's was on here constantly and told me there's a section for advice so something has been in my troubled head for quite some time now and I'm ready to see what other people thoughts are or support on the issue. The thing that's been on my mind or at the very least pops up more times than I think are healthy. The thought being suicide. First and for most I started dabbling in drugs at an early age and became a fascination. I became consumed with trying all the drugs I'd do research on and when the opportunity came up to get hands on said substances I sure didn't hesitate to so. Since I was 17 I've been to 4 different rehabilitation programs, 2 mental health facilities, arrested a total of 5 times. The last ending in in prisonment at the age of 20. I was put on a anti depressants at 17 and ever since then I've been medicated with just about every behavioral drug there is. At some point I completely lost myself and just can't remember the last time I felt normal. Things just aren't the same anymore. I've always been a text book over thinker and easily stressed but latley it's just become too much handle at times. I can't seem a happy medium in what I think would help. I'm off all meds besides Xanax which I'll be honest I did have a problem with in the past but do not abuse it anymore strictly for assistance. I'm trying to get to the point where maybe I feel some sense of normalcy but it's getting old! Sorry I just figured some sort of vague background would help with the input. But it just feels like no matter what I do I'm not happy and have no sense of value to my life. Couldn't care less if I die tomorrow but I don't think I'm lucky and it would still tear my family up which is the main reason I feel is stopping me. I want to just be done life it's hard to imagine my life ever getting back to happiness if I even know what that is anymore. But the impact my action would absolutely just devastate my family mother especially. It wouldn't be fair to her or the rest of family because they've put so much effort into getting me clean or back on track with like not to mention nobody loves me more than my mother. I just don't know I have a great job that pays very well and let's me travel for a living but for some reason I just wish I could go to sleep and stay that way. Call me a coward but I'm tired of this constantly being a thought and just want to help because I just couldn't feel right knowing the devastation I would inflict on my loved ones but jeez give a guys break.