I want to die but I'm scaredThere's so much on my mind, I don't know if this is going to be intelligible at all. I've been trying to be happy since I was fourteen and I've never gotten there. I can't reach out to my friends or my boyfriend because I'm scared they'll get sick of me and hate me, or think that I'm too high maintenance to have around. I just feel like a fuck up. 

I'm overwhelmed. My parents are getting a divorce after I called CYF on my father for physical abuse and he cheated on my mom. I'm a freshman in college and while my first semester went okay grade-wise, I know for a fact that I'll be failing at least one class this semester, possibly two. I honestly hate being in school. I've always hated it. I want to drop out so bad but I can't. I'm a barista at a local coffee shop, and I love that, but it's not something I can make a long-term living off of. My parents would hate me if I dropped out anyway. I tried going to the counseling center at school, but they wouldn't take me because it's too late in the semester and all the therapists are booked up anyway. I have both fibromyalgia and endometriosis, so sometimes it's hard to get to class. I'm so sick of hurting. Plus having these things in addition to depression make me feel like I'm defective and I don't deserve to live.

I just can't see myself ever feeling good. It's been a long time and I kept on telling myself I'd end up feeling better if I tried hard enough, but it's been five years since I was first hospitalized for suicidal ideation and I don't feel any better. I feel worse. The closer I get to being an actual adult, the less I want to live. I don't want to keep going, I just wish I could fall asleep and die.

I don't have the means to kill myself in that way, though. I'm medicated for depression, but the drugs I'm on have high MLDs and I'm scared of what would happen if I survived. I'd be hospitalized again, possibly with brain damage. Being in a mental hospital was the worst experience of my life. I felt trapped and like I was pretty much on the bottom rung of society- basically I felt like I was too fucked up to be a productive member of the human race.

I'm scared to tell anyone how I'm feeling for that reason, too. I know I'd end up thrown in the hospital again. Besides that, all my friends have their own problems and I don't want to be one of them. I feel like such a piece of shit person. Talking to them doesn't help anyway because afterward I feel guilty for doing that to them.

I don't feel like I have a valid reason to want to die. I'm privileged. I can afford to go to college, I'm not starving, etc. But I'm not happy and I feel like I never was, and I feel so guilty for being so depressed when I have so many things going for me. I don't know what's wrong with my brain. I try so hard to remember how good I have it but I can't get out of this rut. I've been on six different medications, been to several different therapists, tried a bunch of kinds of exercise, different healthy diets, sun exposure, supplements that are supposed to help, journaling. Fucking everything and nothing works. There's nothing left for me other than to just give up. I don't want to hurt my family and friends, but I feel like I have no options left.

I'm sorry if I sound like a little bitch for complaining about this, I just don't know where else to turn.