What the hell is the point?I feel so fucking trapped. I’m a high school senior, I’ve gotten into a good college, and I’m supposed to feel relieved and relaxed, but I’m more miserable than I’ve ever been.

My life is great on the surface. I have a pretty set future, I have no financial/health-related issues, and I live in a first world country. I’m incredibly privileged, and I should be grateful, but it’s so hard sometimes. I never asked to be born. I never asked to be under the control of two extremely physically and emotionally abusive and manipulative parents who have made me feel guilty for my entire life when I was in fact the victim all along. I’m under their watch 24/7 - I can’t so much as send a friend stupid memes because I know they’ll see it and scream at me for wasting time. Thank god they don’t know what reddit is. They’re paying for college, so I’m under their suffocating clutches until I start earning my own money. 

My home life is shit- I never feel safe in my own home, nor do I feel any privacy unless I’m in the shower. I only have two friends and I’m paranoid they’re only nice to me because I give them answers to assignments and tests (when I see them in public, they lowkey ignore me, but they’re all smiles in school). I feel like everyone lowkey hates me because I’m socially awkward and try way too hard to be liked and make people laugh, which always ends up backfiring and causes everyone to avoid me like the plague. 

To top it off, I loathe myself intensely. I feel like a fucking fraud. I got into a great college, but my essays and ECs are extremely bullshitted. I didn’t earn anything, everything was just handed to me. I’ll be surrounded by passionate, intelligent, hardworking kids in college and I’ll be the one awkward dumbfuck who got in because my parents got an important political figure to write me a letter of recommendation. 

I’m so fucking lonely. I’m ugly and have no personality, so I’ve never gotten any attention from girls. My parents suck, my sisters emotionally distant, my friends are nonexistent, and I have absolutely no interests or passions or hobbies besides watching tv and playing video games. I don’t even have any career goals because the idea of working for 90% of my waking hours just to be rich enough to afford vacations that I won’t even have enough time or energy to enjoy appalls me. Right now- senior year- is supposed to be the “best year of my life,” so the fact that it sucks is just foreshadowing how badly the rest of my life’s gonna suck once you add on responsibilities and bills and taxes and applying for internships and jobs.

Life is a fucking joke game that I never signed up for. It’s sick that I, a conscious human being, am being forced to prolong my sentience just because other people would “miss me” if I were gone. I should have the right to end my life because I’m the one experiencing it, and I simply no longer want to anymore. There’s no point. No value. I’ve always been too much of a coward to go through with it, but shit’s gotten so bleak that there doesn’t seem to be another choice. I could make huge changes, leave my parents, travel the world, make friends... but I’d still hate myself and stay sad. The problem is ME, and I can’t escape myself. i guarantee any of you would dislike, or even hate, me if you knew me in person.  

Maybe a tiny part of me wants to live? I’m not sure. I guess this wall of text I’ve written could be seen as a cry for help. 

If any of you guys could tell me what the hell the point of life is when I could easily just end my suffering, let me know. If you can convince me that I add value to the world aside from exhaling co2 for plants, let me know, because I feel unloved, like a leech and a fraud and a drain on society.