I don't know if I want to talk, but I want to get it out.I'm 15. Before you say it, no, I'm not some shitty obnoxious emo kid.

All my life I've never really had anything to turn to. It just feels like a constant state of falling apart. My parents were divorced since before I can remember, and I don't have a good relationship with either of them. My mom just straight up doesn't give a shit, and my dad is entirely focused on himself at all times.

Throughout the majority of my life I've been really shy and sometimes introverted. I read through most of my childhood, and my middle school years were spent in a constant void of depression. I hated myself, hated my life, and ended up hating a lot of those around me. Since I went to a fairly small, pretty shitty school (one that recently had a kid kill himself), I pretty quickly built a reputation as a weird asshole. I brought it on myself for the most part (always either a complete pushover or a raging dickhole, and the Brony shit wasn't such a good idea either), but for the most part it just felt unfair and shitty. It wasn't until the very end of 8th grade I started to feel better, due to someone I thought was a great friend giving me hope and confidence.

That is, until now.

I was at my happiest I've ever been a few months ago. I had friends, I was discovering new things, finally coming out of my shell. Things were going great.
Then, this month happened.         

My best friend I mentioned before started avoiding me. She would ignore all my messages, avoid me in the halls, etc. I tried talking to her about it last week and she said we were cool. Then she unfriends me and goes out of her way to avoid any and all contact, or even sighting of me. This week I gave her an ultimatum that we're either gonna have a long talk or I'm done with her. Then, my other best friend, who coincidentally has been a big crush for me for over a year, gets really pissed at me when I admit that I had suicidal thoughts. She said it was because she cared, but this lasted for 3 days. Today I asked her to please understand, and she said she needed a "long break" from me, and told me to "stop whining" and "do something about it". This coming from someone that meant the world to me totally crushed me and broke my heart.

Now I'm totally out of close friends. I'm poor, I'm single, I have virtually no real friends and I don't really have a reason for living anymore. Typically I find some sort of comfort in chasing a girl, but lately I just don't find anyone interesting. I can't see my future, I hate my past, and I can't stand my present. Lately I've been taking solace in cheap highs (masturbation, huffing glue) because nothing gives me joy anymore. The depression came back in full force and I don't think I can handle it. Everyone is turning their backs on me and I have nowhere to go. To be honest I never saw myself having a long life anyway.

Today I wrote a note, and took a look in my dads drug cabinet to plan out how much I'd need to OD. I would say I'm scared about what I might do but at this point I don't care. To be honest I don't really want to be stopped, I just wanted to get this out there to a place where people might listen so there's some proof of my life out there. I might be dead by the end of the week. I'm almost praying there's no God because even in heaven I wouldn't want to exist.

Take care.