Just gets worse and worseIt's 8 am and not one sign of sleepiness. I know I wouldn't go through with it, I've tried before a couple of times and ended up in a psych ward for observation and a $15,000 dollar bill. I was released, not diagnosed with anything. I'm a completely normal person, with just too much on my mind. I still miss an ex girlfriend more than anything, and she's made it clear she doesn't want to speak to me. Life goes on right? I'm also an illegal immigrant in the u.s. brought over when I was 8 years old. 14 years later and nothing has changed. I love working, but haven't had many opportunities. When I was 18 I worked overnight at a store, I miss that feeling of clocking in, doing your job, having fun with coworkers, and getting a paycheck in the mail every week. After that, I worked a couple of odd jobs. Last year my cousin hooked me up with a job in Richmond. I stayed there for 8 months, until my boss got deported. Those 8 months were great, working, having enough money to be comfortable, finally moved out of my parent's house. When I lost that job I moved back to my parent's, wallet running dry again. Then my sister gets me a job at her company, back to work. I lasted three months with a boss that always payed extra late, bounced checks, unorganized schedule, overworking myself to rarely make minimum wage. After 4 days of getting forced to work 12 hour shifts and exhausted I quit. Back to this depressing, tiny room in my parent's basement. A month goes by and still no job. I look around and I only have 2 friends, Denny and Johnny, who I love them to death. I am so lonely, all I think about is my ex from 2 years ago. I tried going out, getting drunk (because that's the only way I can talk to strangers) and end up getting arrested. Oh what's this? Before being released they have to notify ICE. Great, now I'm on removal process. Great, I'm facing being sent to my home country which I haven't been to in fourteen years, don't know a single person there. On top of that my parent's spent the last of their money on a lawyer. I wrote a letter to the president two weeks before he announced the thing for children of illegals, I hope he read it and that I may have had an impact for everyone in my shoes. It's funny, my boss in Richmond, the one that got deported? His daughter was valedictorian of her class, but wasn't legal. Accepted into Princeton but didn't have the money for it, so off to brazil she goes. I never told anyone before that I was illegal. So here I am, unwanted in the country I grew up in, pledged to the flag every day in school, can't get a job(because who's going to hire someone that's dealing with ice problems?) can't get over my first love (yeah I'm pathetic, but this girl meant the world to me, and not my most recent one, my first love, my korean ex) I have nothing to offer. I'm as pathetic as I don't have the guts to do it, but hopefully one of these days these sleeping pills and these bottles let me dream of talking to her again, hugging her, holding her close, and telling her I love her. That I could have a normal job, and not be a burden to my family.