Colors.Hello all. Along with many other people on this sub, I regularly have thoughts of ending my life. I know there are very few, if any, words to help someone who is in this state of mind. Whether it be understanding/support, or positivity/reassurance, neither end of the spectrum ever seems to really help. I thought I would share something that seems to helps me when I am in this state of mind. 

I read a psychology article recently regarding anxiety attacks/depression episodes. One thing that really stood out to me was focusing on *colors* in times of panic. When you are in bed, and you don’t even have the energy to rearrange yourself to a comfier position, try focusing on the colors around you in your bedroom or wherever. 

Look at individual objects around you and describe the color to yourself in your head. Black, white, tan, gold, any color of the rainbow, a color you don’t even know the name of, just identify the fact that it has color. Identify the object which holds that color, if you want. You don’t have to do anything more than that. You don’t have to think the object is beautiful. You don’t have to do anything except recognize the color which you are looking at. 

At first thought this might sound silly. Every single person in this world is different, and although this may not be jack shit helpful to some, I hope it can bring even the slightest relief to others. For me, when I get in this state of mind, I have so many things running through my mind all at once, yet at the same time, nothing at all. It starts to hurt my head and makes me want to physically explode from the inside out. This exercise helps me a lot to focus on the things around me which bring me back to the present moment. 

And I don’t mean that in a “look how beautiful life is!” Or “look at all the beautiful colors around you!” Im literally saying to just identify colors around you. I.e, currently laying in my bed, and I’m focusing on how deep the color black is on my dresser, in contrast to the pure white of my doorframe. Along with one of my blue/green paintings hung on the wall, a color I do not even have a name for. It of course doesn’t cure my depression or make me love life again. But for me personally, it can definitely help pull me out of my frantic state of mind and just breathe. Even if that means you only get a break for 5 minutes before things turn to shit again. 

The same can be said especially when you are outside, as there is obviously a lot more color to identify versus being in your same old bedroom. Sounds, smells, tastes, touch, it can all bring you back to a present moment. That goes for depressive episodes, anxiety/panic attacks, or anything else that makes you feel mentally insane. Use it however you like. 

Like I said, everyone is different and this may not help some people at all. But I know it helps me and I sincerely hope it can help others too. You don’t have to force yourself to feel better. You don’t have to feel pressured to stop being “sad” and love your life. All you have to do is focus on the things around you, and not even in a necessarily endearing way. 

I hope this post does not come off as dismissive, as that is literally not at all how I intend it. I am on the same boat as most of you on here. This is just my own personal advice because I feel words of encouragement are never truly useful in times like this. Focusing on your senses can sometimes be an escape from the war zone that is your mind.