Downward spiralHi guys and girls. I am a 19 year old guy and my Girlfriend just broke up with me yesterday. The memories of us meeting up in person to talk about the breakup is still very fresh in my mind. By the way, this is my very first real proper relationship where I truly loved someone. Anyway, she suggested the breakup, I might have seen it coming as the previous weeks leading to it, we were not communicating too well with each other. Despite what she says that it was partly her fault as well, I strongly believe it was MOSTLY my fault, like 90%. 

Anyway, I have really not been feeling myself since yesterday, I haven’t slept properly since then and when I do happen to fall asleep, i dream of us being together, dumb shit like meeting her parents, having dinner with them and all. When I woke up, it was the most painful and pathetic feeling that I have felt ever in my life. Only now I truly realise that I didn’t want to lose her. This my pathetic behaviour begins.

I start obsessing over texting her and checking for replies. I must have replied to every single one of her text immediately, something that I did not do too often while with her.

I haven’t eaten for quite sometime and yet I feel so energetic, too energetic, it’s unlike me. I find myself pacing around my room and my house very much now. It’s really killing me, I fear that this sudden surge of energy in me would lead to me doing something rash. I feel it and I know it.

Throughout my life, I consider myself to have good control over my emotions. Someone close to me died, of course I cried, but very quickly I was back to normal. I usually kept everything to myself. But now, I really can’t just forget about it.

I might just seem like a desperate, foolish and retarded teenage boy who has issues and just can’t move on from love. It actually might be that way or maybe not. I actually don’t really know haha. If someone has anything to say, to help, to give tips, advice or to console me please do so. I think i desperately need it. Sorry to sound so annoying and needy. Thank you to whoever who has read this entire text of rubbish. I wholeheartedly appreciate you for doing so. To the others in the same boat as me, wait not really I’m sure others are definitely in a much more dire situation than me. I truly wish you all the best in life. Good luck to them and me I think we need it. I think...