I just want the pain go away...I apologise if I don't format this right, but I've never made a reddit post before. I feel so selfish and whiny, because I know that so many people's problems are so much worse than mine, but I'm just groping blindly at this point for something, anything that will make me feel better. I've talked to lots of therapists and other people on the internet before, and nobody really could help. I don't even know why I keep trying anymore. I just want to stop hurting. I'm sorry if I'm rambling because I haven't eaten or slept in a couple of days and I have a really bad headache.

Ever since I was a little kid, I've known something was defective about me. I remember lying awake in bed at night at the age of 6 or 7, feeling some sort of unidentifiable despair. Even though I didn't really know what was wrong, I knew it was something that couldn't be fixed. As I got older, I started becoming more and more depressed and disgusted with myself, especially my appearance. I figured out the reason shortly after puberty: I wanted to look like a girl. I tried to shake off these thoughts for years, but now I'm 17 years old and I'm living in agony. I know I'm probably being overdramatic and whiny about it, but this has been tormenting me more and more over the years and now it's almost too much to bear. I used to try to distract myself with books and video games, but now not even that helps. I can't watch/read anything that has any sort of happy people inside, because I get painfully jealous of them, especially the women. I can't eat, sleep or bathe anymore unless forced to. I can't even look in the mirror anymore without bursting into tears, and I lie awake in bed at night crying, wishing that I'd been born as a girl. I've reached the point where I'm thinking about suicide multiple times a day and seriously considering if everyone would be better off if I just ended everything now. 

I know about hormone treatment and transitioning and all those things, but the fact remains that even if I last long enough to start living as a woman, my family will reject me. They're extremely conservative and religious, (by Canadian standards at least), and by coming out to them I'll have to make my parents choose between supporting me, or having the support of literally all of their friends and family. My extended family is even more conservative than my immediate family, and the only friends that my parents have are people from our definitely not LGBT-friendly church. I know that I should live my life for myself, not my parents, but the fact remains that I'll never be happy without their love and support.

Even if I do get past these hurdles, I don't think I'll ever be happy with my appearance. I know that hormones can do a lot, but I'm rather heavy-set, and my facial features are far from feminine. I've seen pictures of people who turn out fine anyway, but I'm sure that there are tons of people who don't and just don't put their pictures on the internet. I'm sure nobody's going to want to hire, be friends with or date someone who looks like a guy in a dress.

I've tried speaking to a lot of people and nothing seems to have helped. I haven't found any therapists who could help me, and I haven't been able to follow any advice that I've gotten online. I'm not very independent from my parents, so going to any sort of support group or special therapist/clinic is out of the option, and I don't know if I'll be able to wait the two or three years it will take for me to become independent from my family either... I know a lot of you are probably grossed out or bothered by my condition, but I've really exhausted all of my other options as the moment. I've been having thoughts of suicide ever since I was 10 or 11 years old, but they've gotten so much worse over the years that I'm now regularly considering whether or not it would be better for me to just end it all. I know it would hurt my family, but coming out would hurt my family too, and at least this way they'd have some sort of support network to help them. I just feel so disgusting and ugly and worthless and I just want the pain to stop. I'm sorry...

