I want to let go.The other day I was waiting for the train and standing too close the end of the platform and *considering*. I have been dealing with depression for years and years, but it's been a while since I've dealt with suicidal idealization. It's scary. I'm scared.

I think, that maybe, I've been depressed my whole life. People told me it'd be better when I got older, could make my own decisions and change my environment. I was in therapy and on medication throughout most of college and chronically miserable. After so long with no prospects I got a job in another country but I'm still not happy.

I don't think that I've ever been really happy. People told me that it would get better but it hasn't. I can't handle the prospect of having to "hang on" any longer. I'm tired.

I try to be nice to people and help out however I can. If someone asks me for help I will literally stop what I'm doing, if at all possible, and give 120%. *Every time.*

On the flip side I think, most people know I'm struggling. I don't know what to do with that. I've asked people for help before and and have been walked out on. Some people have taken advantage of me. I don't want to bother anyone but I'm dying for some kind of connection.

Contradictory as it is, even if these people aren't my true friends, they are the only the connections that I have. I cannot deal with more rejection. I want more than this but I am trying to settle. But some days, like today, I get frustrated. I want to talk to someone but I am scared to send another message that will be ignored. I know my problems are too big for most people but I want someone to know.

Work stresses me out. It's a service job. I try really hard for it as well. I think I do good work. But my evaluation last month was along the lines of "great, but customers say you don't smile enough. Please smile more." I can't. I don't want to.

Things got a bit bad a few weeks ago when a friend and coworker got drunk and sexually assaulted me. People saw, but no one did anything about it. I haven't talked to anyone who's taken it seriously. I feel silly for being so upset about it because, yknow, it wasn't all the way, it wasn't rape. The police wouldn't do anything about the situation even if I reported it.

I cry in the shower; I used to look forward to it since it's my catharsis. But lately I dread it because when I wash my hair it comes out in clumps.  I probably have an eating disorder now. most days I'm not motivated to eat one good-sized meal, and if it does happen I usually end up puking. I've lost so much weight that I have to replace my wardrobe for the second time and I haven't been here eight? nine months? Anyhow I'm still considered fat in this country so no one cares.

I dread work since it's dealing with people. I don't dislike people; I really like helping. But fake connections wear me out. I'm a super introvert so every day is exhausting. I don't have any skills though. On days like today I try to study to make myself more marketable but I end up crying half the day instead. 

I'm scared that I'll mess up at work... get too gloomy or something and get fired. I will certainly kill myself if I am forced to go back to my country. I have no savings to live on my own and my family environment is terribly toxic. 

Lately I've been thinking about methods. Because I don't like inconviencing people I'd ideally like to arrange my affairs and be unobtrusive. Then again, there is a part of me that is so angry. I am in so much pain and it's like no one cares. I want everyone to know, yes, it was that bad. I want people to stop and think about me a moment, maybe even feel a little sorry.

I am probably too much of a coward to go that way, though.

People would likely want me to continue living, but I don't feel like I am alive. I am so profoundly unhappy. Perhaps, this is just the way I am. There is a persisting problem with me. It's been like this since I was a kid, whether I was working or a shut-in, social or solitary, and on both sides of the planet.

This got to be so long; I'm sorry. But I appreciate anyone who's read this entire thing.  I've wanted to say these things for so long.

I will be considering my next steps.