Trapped inside my ugly body. (w/21)Hey everyone,
before writing this text I already feel like a shallow and bad person, and I know I am. I guess I'm just looking for someone who feels the same as me so that I don't feel quite alone with this issue. Being forced to live in this unattractive body makes me feel desperate to the point where I get daily anxiety attacks when I look at myself in the mirror. I quit studying bc of it. I couldn't stand seeing all these attractive girls around me as ridiculous as it sounds. It took away my motivation to keep going. You may think it's a sign of body dysmorphia but actually it's not. Due to the excess of male hormones in my body bc of Pcos I tend to have broad shoulders, a large ribcage, a long torso/short legs combination and my overall face structure looks not very feminine. So you could basically say I'm not fully biologically attractive. That being said, I'm not completely unattractive, if people would rate me, I'd be probably a 6, average. Of course they are more people in this world who are way more unattractive than me when it comes to biological attractiveness. But they either have the strength to live with it or they just don't care. Unfortunately my personality isn't like that, it is impossible for me to do that. Just by walking the most normal thing to do, I can feel my broad shoulders sticking out my body and my shorts legs that make me look odd and my mind can't let go of this. Whenever I see incredibly beautiful women either on hip hop music videos or just some VS Fashion Show it makes me wanna kill myself. I think a lot about suicide as my only option but I'm still far way from the step to do it. The thought of not existing anymore scares me in a way. Tbh, I fuckin' love the world I was born in. The right time and the right place. With the technology, all the good music.. There are so many things that I will miss when I'm gone. But I know I won't enjoy these things as long as I won't accept myself. And THIS will never happen. I've tried everything out to get to this point of self-love. I had several hobbies that really made me happy and caused me to learn more about myself but in reality it never distracted me from my thoughts of being unattractive. I think these thoughts are deeply wired in my brain, like an instinct I can't get rid of. The other thing I always think about is how my life would look like if I would've taken Diane 35 (a strong BCP) at the start of puberty and not just at the beginning of my early twenties. I wouldn't look nearly as unattractive as I am know. I would look more like my 12-year old self that was an insanely beautiful girl with soft facial features and a balanced body structure. But well, at this young age I knew shit about what would expect me. How I wish I could travel back in time to this date and change it. But life's a bitch and I have no other option right now. In 2018 I will have the strength to do it. I can't live everyday balling my eyes out, getting headaches to the point where I become unconscious bc my thoughts are overwhelming me. I strongly believe in the saying that some people aren't just made for living in this world bc their brains are wired in a different way. 

To everyone that got to this point, thank you so much for taking your precious time to read this chunk of letters.
I do appreciate it. Xx
