They said the pain was temporary and I believed them, but it feels like it will never go awayI'm just 17... and I've been suicidal for many years now. Never on the verge of actually going through with it, but daydreaming on and on about it for hours everyday. 

I feel that I know things about the world that humans weren't designed to know, or pursue knowledge about. My barrier of doubt is broken and I truly believe in all these "surreal" ideas. I've tried to discuss it with others but they don't pay attention, or they call me delusional. It's only normal, we're designed to only care about the physical aspects of the world. But I can't, I just can't feel happiness with my or everyone else's existence. 

When I'm happy, I know that it is temporary and I also can't shake the fact that I'm only feeling this way because of chemicals released in my brain. I can't shake the fact that I'm purely a puppet controlled by who knows what. Whatever's controlling me wants me to live, I'm wired to want to survive like all other living organisms and viruses.

And sure. Maybe I am crazy and delusional, but only by what other humans think. Or maybe I'm not insane and it's a normal human reflex to doubt these things for the protection of our species. I've just learned to keep this information to myself, just trap it within my own brain. And this is what makes me want to kill myself. I'm tired of being so alone. I'm not physically alone, I'm living such a good life, surrounded by many people supporting me. But I'm alone in my head. No one's going to believe me so there's no point in trying. I just have to give in to the puppet master's desires and care about this microscopic world. 

I have to dumb myself down to present myself to others. I wish that I could just end it all. I'm tired of everyone looking at me like I'm the odd one out when I show a glimpse of my true self. The only thing keeping me going is the tiny slither of hope that I'll meet someone who knows how I feel. I just want someone to understand what I am feeling and describing without seeing me as someone insane because they know "it" as well. I'm dreaming for that day to come.