Everything is spiraling out of control and I don't see it getting better.Hi, I posted here about a month ago maybe but things are getting worse by the day.  I keep screwing everything up and now I feel as though I'm on the verge of losing everything.  

I'm anxious constantly, and lately I catch myself holding my breath when I'm even a little nervous.  I feel like I'm always gasping for air.  I have buspar prescribed for when it's "that time of the month" and I'm crazy, but I'm scared to take it even when (like now) I'm breaking down.  I don't know why.  

I've been suicidal for three months, roughly.  I'm stuck at a job I hate and am most likely going to get fired from because I keep sleeping through my morning alarm, and then I can't open the store on time.  My boss can't fire me because she can't replace me with ease.  I'm broke.  So painfully broke, and it won't get better anytime soon.  My boyfriend tries to help...and it's nice when he's being nice, but more often than not, he ends up getting frustrated at me because I'm extra forgetful,  and he yells at me for doing stupid things.  He doesn't apologize.  Last week I broke down sobbing for about 45 minutes, and all he did was turn the tv up and ignore me.  I can't talk to him about any of this, because while he should understand because he's been through this, he doesn't.  I feel alone in all of this, and I can't tell my parents this is happening again.  

I have no motivation to put any effort towards my career, because I'm just pretty sure I'll fuck that up too.  I beg every day while driving to just get hit by a car, hoping that at least I can stay alive but with a broken something, so I can take some time off to rest from all this.  It's like constant urgency and stress all the time and I can't get a break.  Nothing good is happening.  I'm looking for a therapist, and my boyfriend offered to help pay for a session or so a month (he's hoping to ask my mom for a bit of help, but I don't want to tell her...I dunno) but still.  It's terrifying to feel this way all the time.