Can someone help me?I'm not making an attempt or planning to, but I think and fantasize about it all the time. It would destroy my boyfriend. Every decision I make weighs on whether I'll hurt him. I don't want to hurt him, ever. I love him. But I hate my life, I hate myself, I hate my job, I hate my body. I have no friends and no family. Just vague orbital relations of his that I call my family.

I want to leave my life. I'm in constant pain from my physically difficult work. I'm in constant anxiety because I'm crazy and borderline agoraphobic. I'm discontented with the house I worked so hard to buy. I've never been outside of the country and I feel like I've wasted my youth. I just turned 29.

There are so many things that I want which are impossible. I know what I am and I know what I'm not, I know what I can and cannot accomplish and what capabilities I have. I hate how boring and scared I am. I want to be beautiful, and confident, and witty, and funny, and lovable. But I'm just turning into a less drug-addicted version of my mom - fat, ugly, codependent, useless.

I'm too scared to even travel to another country and see any part of the world. Even going out to a bar with friends (I don't drink) causes me to clam up in terror. Terror and laziness make me what I am and I hate it.

I want to uproot myself and run away but I'm too scared to. I'm scared for myself, that I'll be hated or ignored wherever I go. And I'm scared for my boyfriend. We haven't spent so much as one night apart in almost a decade. I don't think he could cope without me. It sounds mean and ridiculous and conceited but it's true. I feel smothered. I love him but I think I need time to work on myself, to have new experiences and learn new things, without him for a change.

It's like a 1/3 life crisis or something, I dunno. My best friend just moved overseas on a whim and I wish so much I had gone with her. But we have a mortgage, and two cats, and he can't keep it all going without me and my income. I wish I could just pause time and go, and come back with no consequences, but it's impossible. And even if I did, the people I would meet would probably find me so awkward and unpleasant I'd wind up even lonelier than I am now.

It's like there are two voices in my head. One is telling me I'm smart and funny and talented, I could get into acting or film production like I want and be part of that magic world, meet my idols and be friends with them, make people love me who I actually respect and admire.

Then I look at myself in the mirror, or remember the stupid things I've done in my life, every time I've fucked up trying to be that Cool Chick who only exists in my mind, and the other voice asks who the hell I think I'm kidding. Millions of people are smarter, more attractive, more talented than I could ever be. I'm not good enough to polish the boots of those amazing people I see on TV and read about in books.

I'm not even talented enough to control my own mind. I can't draw, I can't sing, I can't paint, I can't play an instrument; I can act but I'm so physically repulsive it's irrelevant. I thought I could write but the only time I showed it to anyone it was largely met with indifference. I have all this passion within me, like heat bursting to escape, but it has nowhere to go and no one to share itself with. I'm so isolated. I want to run away and start over, be a new person, work out and take care of my skin and stop being afraid of people and live a real life instead of working myself to death in constant pain. 

But I can't. Because if I leave it will kill him.

That's when the dark thoughts come in. If I leave and he knows it was my choice, he'll think it's because of him. He'll kill himself and it will be my fault. But if I accidentally get into a fatal wreck, maybe he can let me go. Because I'll never be more than a momentary blip on the radar of those I admire, even if I somehow managed to be in the same room as them. I don't know what would be worse - never meeting their eyes at all, or seeing them flicker over me as if I didn't exist. The life I want is impossible, and the life I have I cannot stand anymore. What is the alternative?

Well, here I am.