Will cancer chase me through my entire life forever? Soon I cant take it anymore ...Sorry if this becomes an absolute rant, but i just... I dont know what to do anymore. Even though my childhood wasnt the easiest when it comes to the good old family situation, I have always been a sunny character by nature, no "trying to be" or whatver, I had that inner sun. I always kind of had to take a lot, so i became pretty strong, well, thats what i thought...

The whole nightmare of this horrible disease making its first appearance in my life was when I was 13. My eye was swollen and doctors expected nothing but a harmless inflammation... It turned out to be a tumor all around my seeing nerve and under my eye lid. I had surgery, chemo therapy and also laser therapy... The thing is, during my time of being sick, i never really felt that bad for myself. Of course I hated not being able to go outside and play, but i always knew how i felt. I knew that i was strong and that I would make it. What really broke me was seeing how weak the others were. How much they suffered. It made me physically and mentally stressed to see so much suffering every single day... During that time, i made an amazing friend who was always there for me and who i could talk to whenever. She was always around me and people would joke, saying we are like sisters :) So after one year i was free of all treatment and just happy, or, well, slowly getting better and back to a normal life, trying to forget what happened ... This is when SHE, my friend who helped me with everything, got cancer. I was devastated. She had the exact same kind of cancer I had... and she was so brave. She would never say shes in pain or anything... She was so brave and handled her disease so well. Even while being sick she still taught me. She taught me to not be embarrassed about that I was sick, or about the scars I got because of surgery... The only thing she could not make me unfeel was that huge amount of guilt. I felt SO guilty for getting sick towards my mother, father, brother, everyone. They were so worried only cause of me... :(( I was embarrassed and hated myself for it at the same time ...

My friend was not as lucky as me and did not survive the disease... she died in November 2011... and once again my world was crushed. She was my mentor, she taught me so much, she understood how i felt... she is gone. ... The only one i ever dared to talk about all of this to without feeling embarrassed or that I dont want to actually speak about it cause it puts you into a weak position...

So in 2012 i started a new life, moved. Just ran from everything. And it worked, i built up a new life, it still stings when i think of her but i got my distance to the whole cancer thing again....  It was far from healed, but the wound was closing. Slowly...

Now yesterday, one of my coworkers told me that a common friend of us who did a lot for me (let me stay at their place when i needed a home for 2 weeks, talked to me, listened to me, laughed with me, made me feel less lonely... we got quite a bit close and just enjoy each others comapny) has been diagnosed with a brain tumor.

I cant take it anymore. I just cant. Why even bother healing or trying to stay positive when you only get broken down again? I am absolutely sick of it and start to wonder why I would still want to live.... There is so many dark and negative feelings inside of me and whenever i think i am close to shakiing them off another disaster happens...

Can i just like, talk to someone please T___T