Deciding on suicide has made me a happier person.I’ve struggled with suicidal ideation for a long time but never felt like I would ever actually go through with it. I’ve had some life upheaval lately that caused me to decide that it is something I really wanted to do. I’ve always imagined aspirin and cutting my brachial artery but I want my organs to be donated and using a gun allows me to call the police, pull the trigger, cause brain death and have responders arrive in time to preserve my organs. It also has a much higher success rate and I can’t risk failure because I’m uninsured and the cost of forced psych holds and hospital stays are not something I can do. I live in the US but I am working in France right now. When I return to the US in two weeks I plan to buy a gun and book a hotel.

I know it will cause trauma and distress to people I leave behind but as I’ve come to settle on it, I don’t really care about that stuff. I don’t exactly feel depressed. It’s not despair or even really hopelessness, I'm just not interested in sticking around. I have lots of friends and family but I stopped talking to them. I've never talked to anyone about being suicidal or really admitted to being depressed or anxious because I don't really want to be talked out of it or have this be some big issue. I went to therapy once but I didn't talk about being suicidal because I just didn't want to deal with the concern. 

When I was only contemplating suicide I spent all day worrying about my problems and being miserable. Actually deciding on suicide has brought me so much peace. I know I don’t have to worry about anything cause I can just make it all stop. I can do so much good with this. I can max out my credit cards buying donations for charities. I can save lives with organ donation. I just feel so much better knowing any decisions I make in the next two weeks have zero impact.

I don't know why I'm posting here really. I like to talk through my feelings and I don't have anyone I can talk to about this.  Figured I would reach out just to say I did I guess.