I keep thinking of jumping off a buildingIt’s been consistently weeks of running off to my apartment’s rooftop, and bawling my eyes out until I feel numb. And the cycle continues. 

I moved to another country alone. Had some not so close friends and eventually met the love of my life. During that time, i was amazed at how Love paved way for me to make grand plans: career, vacations, etc.,
. The main reason I was so driven to turn my career around and learn my love’s language as well as getting another degree is because I’m not European. I’m Asian. I can’t easily get into the job market. But even if it was hard, he became my rock. 

As I’m a foreigner, his family did not like me. And that pushed me more to integrate, learn their culture and language, and be accepted for who I am.

However, my love’s insecurities and anxieties  worsened, and he decided to deal with it on his own. 

So I was left alone.

I don’t have family or close friends who understand me in this country. So for the first time, I felt like a mess. I lost all my plans and focus. 


It’s beeen more than a month already. And during these dark times, I started seeing a therapist, even tried dating other people, going to the gym, partying but it still ends up the same.  I realized that I am not capable of loving other people. I thought it would make me feel better but it didn’t. I still crawl back at the end of the day in my bed, crying every single day.


I feel guilty that my love / best friend has to see all of it and feel bad about it. I thought having him around would make me feel better because that’s what I wanted: I didn’t want him to leave. But the more I see him, the more painful it gets.


The other week, he ended up holding me down as he found me sitting on the ledge.  I don’t know what I want anymore other than to feel peaceful . When he tried to hold me down, I kept telling him to go and screaming “why can’t I do what I want and you could?”

I would end up crying hard about it badly. I wish I could just move on and forget he ever existed. I wish I will no longer be a burden.

But ever since he walked away, I no longer know what I am here for. My happiness and sense of purpose doesn’t rely on him.

On some days, I think of going home to my family. But home no longer feels home. The home that comes to my head is when I close my eyes for good.


I am just tired. I am so tired. A few minutes ago, I started praying to God for my death. I am just so tired already.