A 'few' words on the bravery and willpower of suicidal peopleI am laying here in bed with nothing but a hollow feeling and some sadness. Because of that I couldn't fall asleep, so I started thinking about many things including suicide. Not necceseraly thinking of doing it myself, mostly because I just felt to empty to even think about trying anything, but more and things that are said to people who are thinking of doing it and suicide in general.

After thinking about it for a while, I had looked back to the times my life was on the litteral and figurative knifes edge. When I was very young (around 8/9) I used to think that people who commited suicide were cowards for chosing the 'easy' way out (luckely that changed very quickly, but that isn't the point of the rant of mine). Now that I am one of those people that been depressed for so long that I honestly have forgoten what it feels like to go through an entire day feeling happy (or atleast pretty good), I can say with certainty that those people are not cowards but one of the bravest and most powerfull of will that they held out for so long.

I have heard people say to me many times that it must be hard to feel that bad all the time, I even had a couple of people come up to me and say "I know how you feel" even though they have never ever been in such a low place. I know the mean it well and they might even think they know how it feels but they don't, they can't. What I am about to say next I say with all the love I can muster from this heart of mine but: 

Unless you have been there sitting at the kitchen table with a knife in your hands holding it to your neck thinking only of ending the pain, the lonelyness and the sadness. Then and only then can you know how it feels to have this empty feeling inside them that cannot be filled, only then is it possible to know how much bravery it takes to put down the knife and go on living, only then can you know how much willpower it takes to put the knife back and go on living.

There is nothing (that I can think of) that is harder to do than go on living when to only thing you want to do is end it. There is nothing more courages than to go on living when the only thing you want to do is end it. There is nothing that costs more willpower than to go on livig when the only thing you want to do is end it.

What I am trying to say is; if you are feeling suicidal I can honestly tell you I know how it feels to be at your wits end. I can tell you and actually know it for certain:

You are amongst the bravest people in the world because, against all fibers in your being you have not killed yourself.

You are amongst the strongest willed people in the world because, against all fibers in your being you have not killed yourself.

You are not a coward because you thought of suicide.

You are not weak willed because you thought of suicide.

And lastly even thought it might not feel like it would or is helping, go talk with someone about it it does not have to be a psychiatrist. You can start with someone very close to you; your sibling(s), parent(s) or even your best friend(s). Just as long as you are talking with somebody about it, keeping it inside will only make it worse.

These were my 'few' words on suicide, if there were any mistakes please keep in mind English isn't my first language and I'm very dyslexic. Thanks for reading and if noone reads it atleast it made me feel a bit better.

Have a nice day and remember no matter what you think, there are people in your life that love you.