Am I suicidal? I'm scared, not sure what to do.I don't really want to post anything here, and I'm sorry if this is the wrong place to post this, I don't know the rules, and I don't have the time to read them right now.  I'm just afraid.  I don't do anything, my house is filthy, and I just dont clean anymore, no matter how much I want to, everything is my life is falling to bits, everyday, I do my best to smile for the people around me and make sure they think I'm happy, but the truth is, I'm stagnating.  I'm disappointing the people around me, my parents, my friends.  I never pay attention to any friends but Chris, and it just seems like too much trouble to leave the house and do it anymore, everything just seems like "why bother", its at the point where when I do actually leave, I justify myself around them every time, and it just makes me look like a damn martyr when all I want to do is be a good damn friend, but I can't even bring myself to do that anymore.  I don't even feel sad really, or maybe I do, I'm not sure.  All I know is everyday I find myself wishing I wasn't around, more and more often.  At first it was just sleeping a lot, but the longer it goes, the more I find myself thinking about how I would end it all.  I'm scared, I don't want to be thinking like this.  But today I found myself thinking about the gun in the lockbox upstairs, its the only quick way I could think of, and its terrifying me that I'm thinking this way.  I'm almost certain that I would have done it already if it wasn't for my girlfriend Hannah and my best friend Chris.  Hannahs going through a hard time and needs my support right now, and Chris is my best friend, I can't stand the thought of just abandoning him like that.  But even when it comes to him, I just lie to him all the time, he knows I do, I know I do, I know I wont get away with it, and I hate myself for it, but I can't stop.  And now I'm afraid I'm lying to myself about wanting to live.  I'm just scared, and I want to know if this is normal or I need help or what.  Why do I want to die so much, and if I really want to, why am I fighting it.   This is the first time I'm really asking anyone for help, I don't want people knowing I'm like this.  Again, I'm really sorry if this isn't the right place to post this.  Thank you for your time.