Please make it all go away.I hate myself. Everything about me. But if you met someone who knew me, they would tell you so many good things about me and paint me so kindly. But I can tell you that that person hasn't seen me as you see me right now, boring, whiny, pathetic and with a serious lack of drive. Maybe more things that I can't think of, I don't know. I can never and will never let anyone see this part of me, I want them to be happy and have a good time and I will do my best to give it to them while I am with them. I will make them feel warm and loved. But these days/months I can't anymore. This loathing is killing me. And I can't put on a mask nor do I want to, faking it so you can make it is exhausting, I would rather be alone if I had a choice. But when I'm alone I can't contribute- it just doesn't end.

Everything seems pointless. Why am I alive? A waste of space and air who no one should bother helping?
Yeah, I'm nice and I am not unkind. I have my morals and I care for people. They like me for a reason. I am fully capable of being an asset and changing things I'm passionate about for the better, and I have. Sure, I have my flaws but nothing is unfixable.  But what good is any of that if I am too depressed to put my good qualities to good use or to fix my bad sides? What good am I? I'm worthless, nothing good will come out of me living and everything is shit anyway. I don't need to tell you why life on earth is difficult. I guess my main reason for my distaste is how everything is just a problem after another. Who wants to go through that? I certainly don't. Having my own shit together would make it a heck of a lot easier but I don't have even that. I want to make things better for other people but I can't when I'm under water myself. 

I'm thinking about ending it, but I don't want to. I know that once I've decided, it is all over. I won't fail. I know I won't.

I just want someone to tell me it's all going to be okay because it's so hard to believe it when I say it to myself. I've been saying it for years now and having my hopes crushed at every turn, I'm just tired. 

Please, tell me everything will be okay. Tell me that this is going to go away. I don't know if it's even possible at this point but is there any way for me to not hate myself so much? Everyone is their biggest self critic but I think mine can make anyone want to kill themselves. You have no idea. Everything I do is bad, even the good things. Everything is negative. 
It is so draining and almost crippling to have that voice breaking you down. I truly believe everything will be okay if it was gone. But if this is how things are going to be I'd honestly just rather die.

I can't get therapy, I can't get medication, I only have myself. I will not speak to anyone I know about this, I am just not comfortable with it and I will never be. I just want this part of me gone. I can't keep living like this. It's self sabotage. Why am I doing this to myself and hurting my future as well as others?
Ignoring it is extremely difficult if not impossible, countering it with positivity is impossible because it can break down anything. It has broken me down too.

I am sorry for this wall of text, I just really don't want to kill myself but it seems like the best option for me. I hope you are having a wonderful day at least, and take care