Shits real fucked up, I'm outIm done.

This is too fucked up. I can’t deal anymore. Im so sick of the fucking blaring noises I hear hear all the time. Hearing damage occurred while I was working at a nuclear power plant. Industrial accident. Air compressor/ reservoir tank released pressure while I was near it. This was a piece of equipment the size of a large kitchen. Shit was loud as fuck! Right then I knew, I had that oh no my body is really damaged feeling. Fuck this im out. At first it was a guessing game as to what the fuck was going on. Doctors didn’t know. They were all guessing. Time went by the company stalled and tried to stonewall me. Fuckers. If you ever get hurt at work get an attorney immediately. The sooner they can assist you in the process the better. I chose a shitty lawyer by reference of a family member. They said he was the best. Not in my case. He doesn’t want to pursue a psych claim despite this absolutely obliterating my life. I got a fucked up report from a Q.M.E. E.N.T. doctor who said something completely different than every other ear doctor I’ve been to. And that person opinion holds a lot of weight in the courtroom. I’m fighting those bastards and all I want to do is kill myself. Its all I think of because im driven to horrible places by the pain. 

in addition to typical hearing loss my ears lost their ability to tolerate everyday sound. Everything sounds like a fucking jackhammer! It’s SO LOUD. They call it hyperacusis. This bitch is ridiculous. My ears split in pain all day. All night the silence is terrible and leaves me with nothing but horrendous noises all night. If I turn on any noise it’s super loud and I cant handle it. White noise pink noise ive tried a lot of things. I have tried for the last 3 years to get this under control. It has only gotten worse and worse. Things are declining despite my best efforts. I got meniers from this, torrential nausea, it’s like the feeling of being tossed in a wave and being stuck upside down and not being able to right yourself, but still feeling like your turning at the same time. Soo fucked up.. my body is falling apart, my mind is slipping. I barely sleep at night on these heavy sedatives, but I wondered where my health was at without them. So I went the first day, no sleep. 2 days, no sleep. 3 days, I still cant sleep. Im wide awake all night and writhing in pain. I try to think of positive things or nothing at all. … The only thing that calms me down is the idea of death and being out of this pain. 4th day. No sleep at all. Considering going back to the psych hospital. 5th day still wide awake, this is fucked up…. On the sixth day I passed out during the day for 4 hours and ended the insanity. Right? I went another day without sleep medicine or sleeping and said fuck this. Chronic sleep deprivation is accumulative. You get more and more tired as every week goes by. Your left is a haze and your vision goes blurry and strobe effect on you. You look around and its like an old film projector where there is a black frame in between everything. My body is suffering from ptsd at this point. Drained of all energy. Depressed into manic. Anxious off the charts, my body is in fight or flight mode all the time. It feels like its dying all the time. It cant deal. I try to remember the happy days since the accident and there really are just fellting moments of funny jokes in between suicidal thoughts. Nothing great has happened but sooo many terrible things have. I don’t want to give in and let them win, but I don’t give a fuck at the same time because as soon as I leave im down with all this. Im sick of the 24/7 migraines. They never go away. Nothing I can do helps them. It fucking hurts sooo bad. WTF!!!!!!!!!  Before the accident I was pulling straight A’s and able to work 100+ hours a week which we did sometimes. Typically we worked 84 or 72 hours/week. This was during an outage so the company is inclined to pay crazy overtime to get the plant back together as fast as possible. We had two days off per month. 13 on 1 day off, and another 13 on, and so forth. But that was fine. Not a problem. Now? My head is so fucked up I can’t hear properly my vision is going I feel like half my brain is gone completely. I lost my ability to talk to people. I would stare blankly back at them and not a thought would go through my head as to what the fuck was going on. I started repeating what people were saying to me to get used to talking again. I cant function in a social situation because I cant hear people right and I cant keep the pace of a conversation. Its isolating. Ive screwed up most all interactions and turned them into the most awkward shit shows. Burning bridges all over the place. A few true friends have truly stuck it through with me and for that I don’t know what to say. Thank you. It’s made life up to this point, im still here. Im so close to the end though. My body is far more than ready, my mind is at ease and pleading with me to suicide. I was studying to be a sound engineer when this happened, the world of sound was wondrous to me and truly magnificent. Now? The most painful dark, I cant express the pain through a keyboard. My passions are my pains, my soul is the only thing pleading to continue. But I feel like a major part of me has already been reincarnated. I keep holding out because of the finality of suicide. Don’t know what’s on the other side. But it wont be this broken body. 
I haven’t even talked about the complete invasion of my life by the insurance company and how they hack your facebook and anything online to gather information. They cant use it, but it’s a private investigator that does the dirty work. Shady fucks. They have followed me and filmed me and make me look over my shoulder every moment. Wtf… they dig up every record on me they can, medical, police dmv, credit, academic, anything and everything. It was a stack of binders over ten inches tall. Wtf? I didn’t ask for this? I just wanted to do my job and help people and do good by my fellow humanity. I’m at my wits end. I can’t handle this. I’ve thought about so many methods of how to do it. I’ve settled for one that leaves my organs un-poisoned and intact so that a 5 donor recipients can live through my death. So this is it. I’ll be making a video for my friends and family explaining all this and to reassure them and ease the confusion and chaos that usually surrounds a suicide. People usually ask “why” well I want to let them know I was hurting and ready to go. I’m ready
