I tried to end it in September, failed, now my life is even worse than before and I’m ruining relationships trying to confide in the people I know.Obligatory, I’m on mobile, so sorry for formatting. I hope it’s okay to just vent a little here. I tried to end myself in September and failed, landing myself in a psych ward for ten days. I deal with bipolar 1 symptoms, and I was off my meds for a month and that happened. I did everything to plan, including quit my job and even finding a new, better home for my 8 y/o dog. So I lived. And it’s been almost three months and I haven’t even bothered trying to find another job, and I’m about to get kicked out of my place. 

Mostly, I just want to vent about how not having a job and some time to reflect, I’ve accepted key things here. I have never had any passions, goals, dreams, or even one stupid hobby. I never went to school because my parents refused to co-sign loans, and all my relationships with friends have amounted to nothing. I have been working with no educational background, accepting dead end after dead end jobs that I absolutely HATE. I get burned out so fast and over worked, and I’ve NEVER been able to make enough money to live on my own despite working three jobs at one time. I’m so tired. My bf is going back to school, and trying to make something of himself, and all I feel is jealousy and fear of losing him to someone better. 

I genuinely don’t believe that this is just depression anymore. I am seriously a pathetic loser, who desperately tried and even stupidly believed at one point I’d be something, but it’s over for me. I’m 27. I am almost 30. I am a waste. I have nothing to show for my not good enough efforts, and everyone I know to talk to is frustrated with me. My bf says “you have a mental block and you need to change your mindset” but I can’t pick myself back up anymore I simply do not have the energy. I feel so alone while I’m desperately crying out for help and no one is listening. 

I’m on meds. I’m going to therapy weekly but it does nothing. My own therapist doesn’t even know what to say to me she just looks at me like I’m a sad fucking puppy. I’m stupidly crying while typing this out, I’m literally the biggest failure I can’t even kill myself right. Thanks to anyone who read, I appreciate it.