I'm lost.I'm struggling with depression, anxiety, borderline personality disorder, anorexia and self-harm. I'm only sixteen, and it's been this way since I was twelve. I feel weak just walking trough the hallway in my school or just talking to people: I'd rather stay in bed and linger there for days. People scare me so much, I can hear them talk about me and laugh at me, and it hurts so bad even if I don't know if it's true or if it's only my head playing with me.. My heart is pounding like it's trying to get out of my chest everytime I enter a room where there's people I don't know, I have to stop and hide so I can catch my breath. Everything I say, feel or do just feels like I'm guided by other persons, so I just stand there like a puppet. It makes me feel like I'm only an empty body that they use whenever they want to, it feels like I'm NEVER myself at all. I don't even know who I am right now.. I can't eat ANYTHING without thinking about how weak, fat and hopeless I am, and that usually leads to suicide thoughts again and again.

Suicide thoughts are a part of my life. Sometimes I won't even notice them anymore, but most of the time it will just appear for no significant reason (during class, while watching a movie, when I'm with a friend, while showering...) and I don't know what to do anymore.. I just DON'T know..

I've been hospitalized for two weeks because of ''reccurent suicidal thoughts'', and because I planned how, when and where I'd do it. I've been to a rehabilitation centre for two months as well. It just made things even worst! This ''mental institution'' or something scared me so much, even a year later I still shiver when I think about everything that happened there. I've moved to a new city, and I only got a few ''friends'', but two of them began to laugh at me everytime they saw me..

I cut myself whenever I see a blade near me. I just want to see my blood cover my arms, and it feels so good at first.. But then I feel worthless, helpless.. And the suicide thoughts come back running. I'm so sick of this shit.. I can't take it anymore, it's just too much to bear!

I don't know what to do anymore.. I'm lost and I want to end it all.