I'm so lonely...I'm sobbing uncontrollably while I write this, attempted to drink myself to death just last night, obviously didn't work. I've been held captive by my suicidal depression since I was 12, I'm 21 now, nearly half my life and the longer this stays with me the less and less I remember life before this disease. I need companionship, female companionship. I have about 3, maybe 4 friends if you really stretch it, none of them women, even though they are the best people I know and they've helped me out through this as best as anyone can be expected to when they hear a close friend wants to kill themselves (I hate making my problems everyone else's.) I need a real relationship, a tender, intimate love to save me from what I've attempted 2-3 times (nothing makes me feel lower than fucking up a suicide attempt,) but I'm so terrified of rejection because I feel like if I keep getting shot down I'll be known as that loser who can't make it with anyone. I don't really have anything in common with anyone my age, I'm a guitarist (who can hardly play the scales or stay in rhythm after playing for 4 years and taking lessons with teachers who've had decades of experience all along the way) who loves 60s-70s psychedelic and blues and jazz music and I fucking loathe today's pussy "rock" music and shitty rap that everyone I know adores. I guess you can say I march to the beat of my own drum, but when everyone else in the proverbial drum line is drumming another way and the crowd notices the one rogue drummer, I can't help but feel embarrassed for sticking out like such a weirdo. And because of this I feel like an alien who doesn't belong with the rest of humanity. I could never tell my folks about this because it'd break their hearts, and I just can't see that happen. I'm trapped in a purgatory between wanting to kill myself and feeling selfish knowing I'll leave a void and break my mom and dad's hearts, not wanting anyone to know what's wrong with me and expecting everyone to read my mind and just get it from looking at me. All this is making college impossible, and I'm hesitant to see the school's therapist because I had a friend who went to Northwestern that did the same thing when benzos and coke and alcohol were making him suicidal and the therapist got the cops involved and stuck him in an in-patient facility, called his parents (who had to make the haul from Indiana to Chicago) and he had to drop out. NOT happening, NOT an option, but I need professional help that my parents will have no idea of my seeing.