Don't bother wasting your time with this one, just needed to vent.So I am only here to vent, I know that nobody really reads these or actually cares, and I am sure that somebody from a different sub will use this against me but honestly fuck if I care it's fucking Reddit.  I am just ready to say fuck it man, I am a loser and I know it so why fucking keep going.  My job continues to hold me back offers no real promotions and I have no other real experience for anything other than what I have done for the last 13 years of my life.  I could go work in a factory again but nothing made me want to kill myself more than working in a factory.  I have zero confidence in myself and have sever trust issues with people.  (You know being fucked by people that are supposedly "there for you") I know that I should be thankful for the things that I do have because I know most of the world is going without a lot of the things that I do have.  But what is it about having first world problems that is causing us to become suicidal?  We have it to easy and it's not enough.  I live alone and have basically since my divorce in 2013, which also goes back to my trust issues, I have been unable to let anybody in and the one time that I tried to she used my fears and anxieties against me and fucked me up more.  Two years ago I lost a long time friend because he killed the women that his wife ran away with and then he pulled the trigger on himself.  I am stuck in a job that I cannot take time away from because the company I work for refuses to pay people a decent wage, I haven't had a time off or a vacation in over two years, because of this I AM GOING FUCKING CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Not to mention that I am involved in an investigation, nothing that has to do directly with me and that I am not even going to talk about here because I fear getting caught talking about it, I can't even tell my family about what is going on.  I am not depressed but feel that I am become manic hell maybe even manic depressive.  I feel like a rat trapped on a sinking boat I have things that are stressing me out that I cannot even FUCKING talk about.  What's the point why should I go on to be a fucking tax slave and dealing with it.  I just want to disappear I want nobody to be able to find me, if it wasn't for my pets I would have offed myself years ago.  I am not looking for advice I am not looking for somebody to tell me that everything will be okay.  I have dealt with my suicidal thoughts for years and know that I am the only person that can stop myself from it. 