supIt seems like I can cry at the turn of a phrase, but I am not crying now. I guess I am sad but I would say I feel sort of disconnected, surreal. When I was way younger my friend died from a morphine OD. That shook me up because he called me the night before his girlfriend did (to report they found him -- aneurysm in his sleep). Before that I was smacked around by my dad (his dad broke his jaw when he was a kid -- the ol' vicious cycle, right?) who still has PTSD and still refuses to deal with it. I have a childhood worth of fucked up memories, with even a little bit of sexual crap thrown in (nothing involving my immediate family). My entire family is so dysfunctional that I would need pages to get into it. Around half a decade ago my best friend took the bus (himself, in the garage with CO). The other day I sent my other friend (whom I have known almost as long) an email saying (basically) that I was closing my Gmail accounts because of the new privacy policy. She asked if I was still going to talk to her and I told her I probably wasn't going to talk to anybody, and sorry. That's how I ended the email. Shitty, I know. I do shitty things. I also have a lot of shitty "demons" that I just don't feel like including here. It's been a long, strange, fucked up trip.

Recently I quit attending my classes at university. I guess I just got depressed and stopped going. I was a CS major. My mother knows; my father is someone with whom I have never been able to hold a rational discussion with.  Basically I got depressed and just stopped going to class, and now I've missed most of the midterms and most of the projects and work so it's all pretty hopeless. Once I was jokingly referred to as a super-senior since I have been there so long. Before this, I spent way too long at a community college. Now I am in my early thirties. I have a little over $1K left in my account. I have no safety net, and I have nobody I can stay with when I run out of rent. I have a history of building things up and tearing them down; once I had a job at a decent enough tech job (even though the coworkers were shitty), an apartment with a girlfriend and my best friend. Then I decided that I didn't want to be with her, ended up falling out with my coworkers, and had to move in with my parents. This was over five years ago. Even then my dad was blowing up. Now my parents are separated -- mom is in another state. They're white trash, and I guess I am as well.

I'll probably use a helium hood before next weekend. I have the funds (right now, at least) to order the requisite bits online and it will probably take at least that long to get all of my stuff in order. Right now I'm renting a room in someone's house. I have no idea how they will deal with it but I don't suppose it really matters. I've read numerous essays on the subject and even watched Final Exit a few times. I only regret not having access to any beta blockers or anything, although I do believe my heart is already weak (also my lung collapsed awhile ago and still aches when I exert myself). My mouth is filled with more cavities than salvageable teeth -- as a matter of fact they are all basically ground down beyond repair (so much so that when I had a tooth removed a few weeks ago the oral surgeon asked if I did meth or heroin -- I don't). I used to smoke weed but being high just delays the inevitable shit feeling. I feel like a huge phony, like the dude from Mother Night.

I'm probably suffering from bipolar disorder or depression or maybe I'm even narcissistic (after all I did post quite a shitload of impertinent information here, to be indexed for posterity by every webcrawler reddit lets rape the site). Even if I did get help for that it wouldn't really fix anything, just delay the inevitable.

The links in the sidebar appear to be filled with overwhelmingly cloying bullshit. I'm not sure what type of response I am expecting other than the typical don't-do-it-you-are-not-alone-person-I-don't-know vampires.
I'm posting it anyways though. I have considered it rationally (although this is all pretty stream of conscious since I have been awake for a long time -- I will probably sleep after I post it) and decided I will most likely go through with it as soon as I can get everything in order.