I wrote this to myself when I was going to end my life. I share this because I hope it may help others as it helped me. spilled my exact feelings onto paperHow the fuck can any human cope with suicidal depression, I have dealt with it for 3 years so far and I always think "I know how it feels now" so I can overcome the immensely powerful negative thoughts but even though I thought I had it all figured out finally, my friends ditched me yet again so i'm left to my own devices as usual and i'm torn because the whole reason I do anything is for other people, including improving myself so even though i want nothing to do with other humans ever again,going to the gym and getting a good career is pointless without friends. Friends were the only joy in life I had and I try my hardest to be the nicest funnest person so people enjoy hanging with me but I always get ditched or left out over and over and over and it makes me so unbelievably fucking sad. I'm hurting so so much that I feel if i could transfer my mental state to another they would go into immediate shock and/or commit suicide on the spot. But as badly as I want to end this torturous life I think of my family which I would completely obliterate mentally if I decided to commit suicide, and months back when I tried speaking out about my depression on a bad night I told my mom I was going to end my life and I seriously was, I was enroute to obtain a gun to blow my brains out but my mothers wails, wails is the only word I can use to describe the way she was talking to me dug so deeply into my soul that to this day that noise she made haunts me, of pure, genuine powerful grief. So now here I lay overwhelmed by my own mind and the reality of how I truly am a worthless, boring waste of life and I somehow have to lie to myself to keep trying day in day out to keep my family from suffering and then I realize i'm already making them suffer because i'm a fuck up who dropped out of school so its so unbelievably fucked how no matter which way you look at things, suicide is the best choice yet its not according to everybody else. And it makes me so fucking angry that people don't understand that depression is a very real and very lethal and immensely painful mental illness. People use the word incorrectly when they are experiencing grief or sadness for a little bit but thats normal, real depression fucks with your head 24/7 and makes you convinced you deserve to die, then other people look down at you with shame and disgust when you reach out for help and say your depressed because they think your just weak willed and have given up. Let me tell you truly depressed people that are still alive are the strongest willed people on the entire goddamn planet, if you have never experienced it yourself just believe me, its fucked up fighting everyday all day to answer existential questions that cannot be answered, to come to terms with your infinitely piling shortcomings. The analogy I like to think of is when someone is really drunk, they still control their own mind but don't act the same, depression is the same in the sense that your "you" but not really "you", your thoughts are altered in your own head. Through my experience I've learnt that holding in your thoughts and feelings is impossible you WILL break at some point, but in our current times as necessary as reaching out for help is, talking about how depressed you are still feels taboo even if people say its not. But you need a vent, and if direct human interaction is out of the question, art and/or writing is worth a shot. Hell this whole thing I wrote helped ease my mind, acted as meditation almost. Just from spilling words about my exact thoughts onto a page, no format required.

Finally I want you to know reader, that if you too have truly experienced my pain, know that it is worth to keep going, keep trying, although your mind is unable to let you be convinced of that statement, it is TRUE, life as shitty as it is at times is infinitely more beautiful than it is dark and when you make it out of this mess you'll be thankful you experienced such concentrated sadness because it teaches you to appreciate life and everything as a whole on another level. You'll wake up and feel like you could jump and hit your head on the moon when you see how incredible a sunrise really is, and you'll find that listening to leaves blowing gently in the wind makes you smile from ear to ear, you will learn a level of appreciation far greater than most humans will ever understand and when you find your self happy from the smallest of the smallest things you will be one of the happiest souls alive. I hope what little I know may help you in someway, Look after yourself reader and know that this world needs you and that I love you.