Well this is goodbye. Tonight is the night.I finally figured out. I'm just done everyone I want in my life keeps pushing me out of there's. Yes this is a throw away. And I do post on another account. But over the last few days I was called up and the police did a checkin. So I will never post on that account again. 

I'm not leaving a note or saying goodbye. I've told my family many times that it wasn't just me who needed help. How they treatede was part of it as well. But they do not think so. I leave behind a brother. My little buddy, my parent and my grandpa. 

I will be done. Finally. I may not be sure if there is a heaven or hell. But I will find out tonight once the sun goes down. I plan to write my dad a note to find me. So that my mother does not half to. I know she can't help the way she was raised or how she treated me. She doesn't want to. That's the only way change happens. 

I know I put myself into my situation and did not see what I was doing. I take responsibility for that. But I didn't emphasize or put the final word to it. 

I know you'll never read this. 

L, I was doing good in life had a lot of things goin for me. Then made a mistake of lying to you. That tripped my life up. I lost everything. And it started as a downward spiral. I know that your doing what you need to. And I'm proud I could call you mine for as long as we were together. Your going to make some guy very happy. And a wonderful wife. I wish I was that lucky. I know my parents won't message you about my death or let anyone know. Bubba is so adorable. And is Lucky to have you. I hope he's a good boy like boots. You were my bestfriend my partner in crime. I am sorry I am selfish for doing this. Please understand it's my own fault. I made my choices to get wheee I am today. 

Love always. 

(UPDATE) I am leaving my phone on for another two hours. I texted the people I cared about to say Bye. And let them know it was nothing they did. And giving them a chance to call or respond.  Thank everyone who has tried. to help and all the resources. I just dont fit here. Or anywhere and my life is beyond point of return. Once the two hours is up. Im turning off the phone and leaving it at home then going to the place i chose. I just hope i dont chicken out this time. "I need to see something through for once in my life" as my parents say.                         
 