I can't do it anymoreI don't have a plan yet, probably gonna overdose on pills. I've had depression all my life, I was born depressed. These last two years have been the hardest of my life. I've fallen so deep into my depression that I literally can't do anything even slightly challenging anymore. I'm 16 in my sophomore year of high school, I'm a highly intelligent person but my work quality, and efficiency has gone straight out the window. I can no longer bring myself to do so much as read a book, let alone write a fucking paper. I used to love reading, I used to take pride in my school work, I used to be a fucking full on honor student. Now I'm nobody, everyday I fall further down this infinite dark staircase. I've never felt true happiness in my life, and I don't know if I ever will. I'm stuck in this endless cycle of feeling nothing but sadness, and doing nothing but strum my guitar and play my keyboard all day. The only thing I've been able to bring myself to do anymore is to write songs, to act, to sing these are my true passions, but of course I'm never gonna make it in that world. At the rate I'm going I'm gonna end up a junkie singing on the street to make enough money to drink myself to sleep on the sidewalk. I have aspergers so I'm probably doomed to always be fucked up. I'm doing nothing all day everyday and yet I'm still drowning in stress, anxiety attacks, and constant self doubt. I put a lot of value in getting a good education, yet I'm throwing away all my potential, and that's probably the worst part of it all. I watch myself waste my life everyday and I'm powerless to stop it. The only thing that's been going well for me is my arts, acting, singing, writing those are the only things I'm really good at, those are the only things that have ever made me feel close to happy, but I'll never make it. I can't imagine a life where I'm happy doing anything else, and with the way I've been wasting my education I'm not even gonna make it to college. If by some miracle I did make it to college I probably won't be able to handle that workload, and I'd be wasting money trying to build a career that will never pan out. People say it gets better, but my life is only constantly getting worse. I'll never be happy, and what the hell is the point of existing if not to be happy. I failed my first suicide attempt, I'm ready to try again. I'm tired of all this senseless pain, these broken dreams, tired of being to afraid and stuck in my head to talk to anybody, I'm to scared of fucking up relationships to even build them, I'm so fed up with all of it. I really wanna kill myself, but just like so many other things in life I can't bring myself to follow through. I don't wanna live life like this anymore, but I'm powerless to stop it. No matter how hard I try to pick myself up I fall down harder every time. So I can't do it anymore, today could be my last day, and I hope it is.