I don't know what to say when people ask about my friend's rope burn on his neck.Background: My coworker showed up to work one day with a big scar on his neck that he didn't have the day before. He wouldn't tell anyone what it was, but I immediately recognized it as a rope burn. As soon as he would try to change the subject, no one seemed to care or realize what it was and everyone brushed it off. Although we aren't very close, we carpool everyday and I am the only female coworker, making it a little bit easier for him to open up to me when I wouldn't let it go on the way home. He never told me what happened specifically, just that he seriously needs help and did not want to live anymore. This lead to hours of phone calls and getting him in front of a psychiatrist as soon as possible and taking all the steps I could take to ensure he is going to be safe. 

Problem: It has been a week, and he does not want to talk much about any of his appointments or how he is doing but he says it is all going fine. We pretty much interact like everything is normal and I try to do a good job of making sure I am there for him. The biggest problem I am facing is that SO MANY PEOPLE, even just in passing, comment or ask about his neck. It is appauling how naive every single person seems to be, because I seem to be the only one that was even worried about it. He is pretty shy and does not respond well to people's comments, but they continue to ask. Today someone said "hey whats up? damn look your neck, whatd you do try to hang yourself?" and then just chuckle and walk away. Every time I am present for these situations my entire heart sinks and I dont know what to do so I just stay silent, but I am afraid that is not a good way to handle it. Any advice on what I should say? If I defensively tell people its none of their business, it makes it obvious and gives away he tried to do something, but I can't seem to think of anything that is the right thing to say. 

Thank you for anyone that read this, and I need all the advice I can get regarding how to handle any aspect of this situation. I am just constantly afraid anything I say or do might be the wrong thing and make him feel worse. 