Dammit...thought I was getting better!!!Sigh. I thought when I was being discharged from the hospital last Wednesday that I could go home and everything would be better. I got home and it was back to the same bullshit that I had tried to kill myself over. The "funny" thing is that there isn't anything SPECIFIC that is happening that I can put my finger on and say "this is why I feel this way!" Things with my hubby and kids are okay and life has just gone back to the same routines, the same things every day. They aren't bad things. They aren't things that trigger my depression feelings. 

So why the fuck am I still feeling this way? WHY AM I STILL HERE? Gah. Sorry guys. I have no clue what is going on. My depression (even with this new medication) has deepened once again. I am not at the point of suicide though. The medication sort of helps me block out those feelings effectively so I don't try to hang myself or slit my wrists open. I don't WANT to go back to the hospital because that would effectively destroy a marriage that is already shaky because of my last attempt. That would send it over the edge and I don't want to go there. I really don't feel the urge to kill myself anyhow (a good thing!) but I can't help thinking that I really wish I HAD died when I overdosed. I wish I had been successful. :(

Good grief. I am pissed off because I can't cut anymore. That would also destroy things. If my hubby or kids saw cuts again (especially this soon after getting out of the hospital) he would leave me in a heartbeat. 

So...what am I left with? Frustration. Sadness. Deep deep depression. Anxiety. 

I can't eat...and I won't eat now. I had gained 5 lbs. in the hospital and now...I am losing all of that and some. I am hungry all the time and I don't give a shit. I like the pain of the hunger anyhow. It is comforting to me. I wish I could lose faster and be 100 lbs. already.

I need to go now. I have rambled on quite enough and I am having a hard time focusing on the screen again.

Sorry to whine here, but I have nowhere else to turn. 

I thought I was done with SuicideWatch...but I guess not...

If I need to go, just tell me. I am not suicidal per say...just...lost?

~LG