Is anyone here on disability for mental illness and do they find it makes them any more or less suicidal?I've been on disability for ten years now, thanks to a diagnosis of  bi-polar disorder. 
For awhile, it was great, a dream come true even. It allowed me to finish school, something I could not have done otherwise. 
However, since graduating five years ago I have not gotten a job. 
Facing the void of nothingness, being so incredibly poor, feeling like such a complete loser, failure, being outside the fabric of humanity (basically one step above homelessness, contributing nothing to society. Even fast food workers make some contribution to the web of life) ...I find it difficult to feel life is worth living.  
My friends most all have careers,  houses and families now.  I had never been one to compare myself with others, but now that the gap between me and them is SO large, it can't help but emphasize to me the misfortune of my current state. When we were all students, we were all poor, just getting by, but now they've become thriving adults while I have languished.

Although I had relationships in the past, even lived with someone for 2 yrs another person 4 yrs, few if anyone is interested in getting with someone in their mid -30's, on disability and little prospect of getting off. So it's hard to feel any hopefulness there.

I've tried looking for work, but with nothing to list for work experience and no references, it's a been difficult.  I get discouraged easily and have only had one interview. 

I spend a lot of time reading. This allows an escape into other worlds while requiring no physical activity.  
I have hobbies (went to art school) but have an increasingly hard time indulging in them. I've always been somewhat low energy, but have become increasingly more so, where doing anything at all physical is daunting. I used to sometimes spend 12 hrs a day making art, now I haven't touched my tools in months.  At some points in my life, I had many friends. But since I tend to be fairly introverted and isolate myself when given the chance I no longer have many social interactions.  When you have no obligations, there is nothing to stop you from giving in to those tendencies. 

I feel if I had something like a job which made me get up and interact with people, it would help.  But I can't bring myself to get a shitty job and decent jobs seem to be out of reach. 
I'd like to volunteer somewhere, but my motivation to actually go through the steps to do it is so low.  I suspect it would help, but it's so much easier to just sit down with a book. 

The more time passes, the less energy I have, the less I do, the less motivation I feel for anything, including life.

I am on meds, which help enormously. I've been to therapy before, which helped and have considered getting a therapist again (fortunately healthcare is pretty good on disability) . 
But without any sense of direction,  structure or community in my life, it's hard to find a reason to live. 
I have a few close friends, who live out of state. I've been open with them about my thoughts and they have been helpful and supportive. My family too. Sometimes I wish they wouldn't be, so I could feel more justified in taking my life.  They are the main reason I've stayed alive this far, because I know they will be hurt. Yet, it's hard to have my only motivation for life being not wanting to hurt those close to me. It's not much of a reason to wake up each day.

So I'm curious if other people here are in the same boat and how they carry on living, how to they find life worthwhile, while having nothing to do or look forward to? How do you find a sense of meaning or motivation? A sense of self. Or do you find being on government funds increases your desire toward suicide, as it does mine? 