I am a pathetic, worthless, socially retarded, ugly, lying, crazy, faggot loser who lacks common knowledge and survival skills and would be better off splattered on pavement. AMAAll my dreams in life are useless and fake. My personality is fake.  I can't earn anything on my own.  My previous life was a lie.  I can't tell what's real and what's not real.  I'm destined to die alone, and I'm feeling right now like I want to take it into my own hands.  The only thing that's keeping me alive is picturing the look on my family's faces if they found out.   And they'd probably see me as a failure if they knew who I was.

The scary thing about this is that as I type this, I'm not angry nor do I feel irrational.   

To give some backstory,  I recently found out that I am a gay man.  I'm 21 years old and have dated a few women, and still never knew I was gay until the past year or so.   I went to a psychiatrist because I was even more physically and psychologically depressed than I am now and they put me on anti-depressants.  They made me think clearer about things and got my head out of my ass, but rationally I still hate the world and myself, and would rather just die than succumb to the shittiness of human nature.  I don't know who I am, and I get the feeling that don't want to.  I, with the pressure of people who "loved" me, have repressed myself so deeply and immensely that I have the emotional maturity and intellegence of a 4th grader.  I have nobody who truly accepts me for who I am, and the only way I've been able to gain acceptance is from doing drugs and drinking with people.  If I came out, all that would do is open a window of connection to people sexually as well.  I don't want a boyfriend, nor could I connect to someone emotionally, and I'm attracted to straight guys, so anywhere I can turn, I feel is a dead end. I want to be a musician, but I'm too much of a submissive, pussy bitch with no confidence or work ethic. 
I'm so painfully lonely.

Oh well, enough about me. Fuck this.  Fuck life.  Fuck people.  It's all meaningless.  I want to take a bunch of acid and sleeping pills and peacefully and beautifully fade into the nothingness I came from.  I probably sound like an emo/depressed 5th grader because that's who I am at heart.