I don’t know what to say to my friend that is suicidalMy friend had a harder life than most. Her parents have a lot of health complications and deep down I know they want their daughter yo be well but they always say the wrong thing and do the wrong things which drives her to a constant state of depression. Me and this girl used to be very close. I was her go to friend. When she told me she had depression about a year ago, I told her i would be there for her no matter what. Last summer, I noticed that she became really distant and come late September, she transferred schools without telling anyone and that includes me. October, November, and December, she was practically a ghost. I reached out to her numerous times without any response. I got a text on thanksgiving but no response when I tried to have a conversation. Come end of December, she’s back on social media after a 4 month hiatus and she is posting as if everything is fine as if she never transferred schools which left everyone confused since she never gave anyone a heads up or an explanation as to why she left. But come Janurary she’s actively texting me again. Part of me feels a different way since I’ve been ghosted for 4 months and I’m pretty much used to losing close friends since it happens all the time for no reason so when she stopped talking to me for those 4 months i made my peace with the fact that she was out of my life as much as it sucked. Part of me was angry that i didn’t get an explanation as to why she left but i let it go. Around February and March she is posting heavily on social media. She was showing signs of someone who needed help. She would post herself throwing away credit cards, her trip to the hospital, wandering mindlessly on the street. People at school would talk about her posts and say that she’s losing it. I told her to think before she posts and I understand that you are going through a rough time but you can’t be broadcasting your life to the world like this. She blocked me for a month. I took that as the last straw and the resentment kept building. I have a lot of love for her but I refused to keep being pushed away like this. So I treated it like a friend who’s being a B—- for no reason....until yesterday night when she unblocked me and started talking to me again. I told myself if she ever came back into my life I will not say anything that will drive her over the edge and I will listen to her problems but not let her back into my life so easily. But she starts venting about the things she’s been through the last couple months and in the span of 2 months, she’s at risk of losing her parents, she’s been to a hospital where they treated her like a drug addict, and she admitted to me that she wants to kill her self and that she does not want to do it anymore because the pain is bad. Now, I usually know what to say in a bad situation but after sitting there and reading what she’s been through I’m still at a loss for words and I do not know what someone suicidal wants to hear. I’ve never dealt with a situation where someone is suidical and I don’t know what they want to hear or what I should say. I avoid condescending statements like “it will get better” and I’m just asking her about her current situation but I just don’t know the words to say or the actions to take to help her.