Im almost done.I posted on here 6 months ago saying "For the past 2 years or so, my past has been creeping up on me again (I was abused by my moms ex boyfriend from around 2-12 or 13) Ive seen a few therapists but I always end up losing insurance and just not going when i get it back. I just switched from high school to online high school and now i can see my life going downhill more than it already was. I stopped doing my school work, i'm just letting it build up and instead ill smoke weed or play a game on my laptop. Im in my room all day, go to work, then back in my room. I used to be a great student, all A's, AP classes. Now I just dont care what happens to me whatsoever. I dont feel anything most of the time but every now and again ill just randomly cry for a good 30 minutes then go back to feeling nothing. I cant stop this no matter how hard I try. I feel like my brain is a fuzzy tv screen and my real self is trying to break out, to do good again but it just cant. I need help." I ended up passing my classes last semester thanks to credit recovery, but i completley lost my little real self in that tv screen.I cant handle this numbness anymore. I am so depressed and Im so lost with what to do. ive almost  lost 30 lbs in one month  because I cant even find the motivation to eat or go to the store.I tried to say fuck it and go out with family or my friend but i dont feel anything anymore so im not having a good time im just sitting there thinking about coming back to my room and smoking or sleeping. I dont know why i am always in a rush to get home. i just sit at my desk and smoke weed or stare at my wall.  ive been trying to get myself out more, just hoping if i get out of this fucking room ill be happy but i dont want to force someone to spend time with me so i wait until they reach out, which they dont, and i just get more sad. my mom has been sending me messages saying that i am hurting her by being this depressed but i genuinely dont  feel anything so i cant push myself to even try to get myself out of this rut for her. i dont feel emotions towards anyone and  i really really want to. I have 100% given up in school, with most of my grades being around  20% now. I have less than a week of school let and i have no motivation to try and get my grades up. I am watching myself ruin my life and relationships and I cant do anything about it. This is going to be the year I either get myself out of this rut or I will end up killing myself.