How do I shake my suicidal thoughts and make myself happy again?Hi Reddit I'd like to prefix this post by saying I've never believed in depression and I've always belen of the point of view that depression is a choice. It's just a state of mind and you can choose to be happy.

 That was until I finally understood what it was like to be depressed, it is absolutely got a choice it is a state of mind but not one you choose, it is one that is forced upon you and you just can't shake it. I would also like to say that I have always been a happy person regardless of whatever is happening in my life, I always manage to find the positive side of things which I think kind of explains my previous views towards depression. 

I found it so easy to overcome troubles and terrible situations in my personal life that I thought how is it so difficult for everybody else. But I understand now some people have different levels of tolerance and some situations trigger people in different ways. This past week has be my trigger I've seen this coming for a long time now but I always thought I'd be able to deal with it but I don't think I can any more. I'm drowning and I can't breathe.

I'd like to apologize to anybody that is offended by my first point and my previous views that depression was a choice, I didn't understand the struggle until now and I'm sorry that I went all of these years thinking that. 

My hope is that if I explain my situation somebody out there can help or give advice on how I can live again because at the moment I don't feel like I can I honestly feel like it would be much easier to just give up if it wasn't for my family and how much love I have for them and how much I know they would be hurt I probably would have ended it a long time ago. 

So my situation is this, the be all and end all of it is money. I've made some stupid choices as a young man that always made it harder for me to stay in a comfortable situation in regards to finances. And now as a 26 year old man those choices are still haunting me and I don't know how to sort it out. I am currently in just shy of £10, 000 worth of debt. The straw that broke the camel's back was the debt collection letter that I got today for just under £2, 000 worth of charges for a parking fine. 

I've been noticing that I was feeling unhappy a while ago so I decided to try and change that by going to the gym and losing a lot of weight when I went to the gym I used to park in a place that I didn't know you had to pay for. it wasn't a lot to pay for the parking and if I'd have known you had to pay I would have but I didn't. Now I found out that you have to pay for parking when I got 12 notices in the post about the 12 consecutive days that I park there and I was been fined £100 each. And since I am not in a good financial situation I was unable to pay these and now I'm being chased by the debt collection agency. Before these notices even arrived I have started the process to take myself into an IVA.

 An IVA is a government-backed scheme where a company can consolidate all of your debts into one and allow you to pay one monthly payment to pay all debtors off in one go. this means that your debtors cannot chase you for payment as it was then become illegal once you are in an IVA. The problem with this is it's still leaves me with no expendable income because all of it would still be going to my debtors. 

I would like you all to know that I work 7 days a week to try and earn as much money as I can and in October I am starting University to try and better myself and give myself more prospects in life in terms of a career and hopefully a better financial situation as my degree will give me a lot of opportunity for better paid jobs. 

I have tried to cheer myself up through gaming and socialising but I find myself not wanting to socialize anymore and just stay inside. Due to working 7 days a week I don't have a lot of time to socialise anyway at working 7 days a week is the only choice I have to keep my roof over my head and at least make a dent on my debts. I understand that £10, 000 does not seem like a lot of money to some people but to be it's a sea that is swallowing me whole. 

I still play games in my down time but I can only now play them for 30 minutes without just wanting to go to sleep so I can forget about life for those few hours until I have to work again.

I have tried to get a loan to pay off all of my debts. I tried explaining to my bank that if I was to clear these debts I would be in the best shape of my life financially and I would never do what I did as a young man again and I wouldn't have any problems repaying them as if I didn't have all of my income taken from me I would have a lot of expendable income to pay them off. But due to bad credit nobody will touch me and nobody will give me a chance. 

I just want to be happy again I just want to find a way to deal with my situation as I currently don't feel like there's anything for me left.

Please help me 