Depression and anxiety is making me want to not attend nursing school. I feel suicidal when I look into the future at the hopelessness. 

Before I discuss nursing school, I want to give whoever is reading this a few key points on my thought process and life. So...as long as I can remember, I've never been motivated to do anything. I've only had two jobs in my life (I'm 28) and even though I want to work, my mind tells me all sorts of negatives that go along with the job that makes me want to not accept work. This is even persistent today where I haven't worked since I graduated (2016).

I spend most of my days in my room watching Youtube, playing video games, and all-around random stuff. Even though I am bored with these things (I hardly play video games now) I still don't have the impetus to do something different. In fact, I find myself just daydreaming in my bed to pass time. I do go to the gym, or I use to go 5 days a week, but even that has dwindled to only once a week. I feel like a failure. My parents don't seem to take my serious, treating me like a child. I don't blame them, I haven't warranted any praise of self-independence.

Now...a few years ago, I decided to take prereqs for nursing school at a local community college. I was nervous, my mind and body told me I could never pass the science classes that were needed. I went a total of a year and a half and completed my prereqs with a 3.5 GPA and was accepted into a nursing school for the following January term. The closer the start of nursing school got, the more I feared about attending. I keep on looking up horror stories about how difficult nursing school is and how students have no life we attending (as if I had one, to begin with.) The thing is, I keep on reading and re-reading these posts on Allnurses and Reddit, even though I've read them a dozen times before. It is like I am looking for some magical piece of information that will tell me I'll pass or fail. I literally did nothing but stress out yesterday because the thought of failing nursing school and adding student loans to my name is more terrifying than anything in my life.

I know nursing school will be hard, I understand that. But people on Allnurses and Reddit said the same thing about the prereq courses for nursing and I did really well in those classes, yet I can only focus on the negative.   


I honestly don't know if I truly want to be a nurse, but I feel like I am trapped and have no other options. My family won't tolerate me if I drop out of nursing school. I just don't know. I honestly don't know if I can handle nursing or if I want to be one. I fear any other job prospect that I might have to take (I do have a history degree) but even then I feel so so negative. The only time I feel at peace is when I lay my head on the pillow and let sleep take a hold of me. Laying in my bed and letting the world pass me by while I remain in stasis. I want to end it all. It seems easier and peaceful.