"There must be a hell of a lot of people in the world like me, who want to die but haven't got the guts."I'm K, 18 years old. I should feel lucky that I'm going to an Ivy League school this fall with a full ride. Yet, I've never felt so alone in all my life. I feel so unwanted, such a burden, so unneeded. At times I imagine myself downing a bottle of sleeping pills or hiding in my closet and just slitting my wrists, but I can't work up the courage to do it. I'm just wishing that maybe and hopefully a bus or a car just comes and hits me so I don't have to kill myself.

In groups, I've never felt so alone. I feel like I'm always the odd one out, or the outcast. This rang so true in the past couple of weeks. I participated in a pre-college summer program a month ago and I feel that no one notices me. While everyone had their own group of best friends, I felt like I was always an outlier. Then a couple of days ago, there was a student meetup in my area where a bunch of us who are going to the same college and live in the same area meet up. I hung out with this group, and all the guys were trying to flirt with this one girl and I was ignored -- they didn't even try to carry a conversation with me or even notice I was there. It was a huge blow to my self esteem; I've never felt so ugly. I kept asking myself, "What is wrong with me?"

I feel that no matter how much effort I put in to try and socialize and put myself out there, no guy is ever going to be interested in me. Nobody likes me. I'm very jealous of other "pretty" girls, and especially people who have are surrounded by a lot of friends and have everything going for them. What do they have that I don't? Why is it that some people can be so lucky whereas luck just keeps fucking with my life?

I thought college was going to be differen but I feel as if it's like high school over again. High school has been hell for me in terms of loneliness. I've never had a boyfriend, never been kissed. And before college even starts, so many students already know each other and are hooking up. I feel so pessimistic about my prospects of making friends or starting a relationship.

Even in my family I feel like I'm such an outcast. I have a very kindhearted family, but sometimes I feel like I'm the "odd one out" because I'm the only one that is struggling with depression and is rebellious. My parents don't understand how I can be depressed and just tell me to "go help myself".

For a long time, I've struggled with feelings of worthlessness, loneliness, and a low self-esteem. My issues seem mundane, but when you're struggling with loneliness all your life, then maybe killing yourself wouldn't seem so bad. After all, no one would cry over me anyway.

I try doing the things I love, but for some reason I can't even work up the motivation to do that. I used to love writing stories, but I can't do that anymore; I feel that I'm not good enough. Everyday I just have this heavy feeling and I feel like crying for no reason.

I'm pretty sure one of these days, my cause of death is going to be suicide. I feel like I'm caught up in some sort of perpetual sadness; it comes and goes, but it never leaves entirely.