Feeling hopeless about my current situation.I’m a college freshman, and just started a few days ago. I’ve always had issues with depression and anxiety, and I find being away from my parents for any extended amount of time to be quite difficult. My university is too far for me to get home on my own, which means that my parents, both working full-time and occasionally on weekends, are my only method of transportation. I was in semi-regular therapy leading up until now, but don’t have access to anyone to talk to (in confidence and that I’d be willing to speak with) for the weekend.

All I want is to go home, but that doesn’t seem feasible for a few reasons.

1: I’d feel guilty. I had to buy stuff for school, they’ve already made a tuition payment that may not be refundable, and I’m sure I’d be disappointing them. 

2: I don’t know what I’d do if I went home. All my friends have moved away, and my parents are the only ones I’d see. If I could find a job, it’d be low-paying and unhelpful in achieving a future career, if I could even do that.

3: I’m worried about fucking up my future. Job, social life, everything. I could commute to a reasonably good local university, but that’s a big step down from the significantly more renowned university I currently attend.

4: They might not take me back. I know they love me and would love for me not to be away, but I’m equally sure that they would want me to tough it out, thinking that sadness is only natural for a new college freshman. 

I can’t see any way around killing myself. I don’t particularly want to, but the future doesn’t hold much - few/no friends, prospects, and a lack of anything real in my life. I’d go back to watching TV and reading all day and generally hating myself and being home. I don’t want to be like that, but I can’t bear the thought of staying away from my family for any extended amount of time. I’d already planned to kill myself after they both passed, but I don’t know if it’s reasonable to wait that long. 

Things changed in a way that they can’t ever go back. I’m supposed to be an adult now, and I can’t deal with that.