Wish lethal injection would apply to non terminally ill people...Warning, since I'm very considerate: Gorey mentions below, if you're sensitive to that stuff, just leave.

Oh whoop-dee-doo! Time to fucking whine about my problems in the hope that typing will give me enough so I don't fucking douse myself in gasoline and become a bonfire...  straight up got nothing to keep going for! This shit fucking sucks! Oh let's do the daily fun task to feel for 5 minutes or get a nice little pick-me-up before contemplating doing it again and again to feel great for longer!

Nothing fucking else! Was looking forward to going back to school but oh? It's probably going to be fully fucking online. God! Why don't you just cut off my arms and throw me in a lake. Take away everything fro me will you? Tired of this! Going back to therapy but with my luck, I'll get a little too honest and then I'll get locked up either jail or a fucking hospital, for me to fucking lose it even more...

Why, oh why do the most lethal methods have to be the hardest for me to obtain! Gosh. COME on. Less than 50/50 for jumping? How am I going to get my body shredded beyond recognition now? What's the point for me? Why am I "broken"? Broken, broken, broken! Yeah, sure. More like term you'll use to call me because we aren't fucking identical. I'll be physically broken into shattered bits if you don't shut the fuck up! 

Maybe I'll fucking ride a plane enough times that we'll crash into the atlantic or something and have a huge search party! What a dramatic news story..

Even firearms is a measly 82% fatality! Where's my 100% guaranteed way out? Surviving...questions, hospitalization, prices,... yuck... maimed beyond repair? Maybe I'll just fucking saw off my hand and see what they'll do. Hospitalize me for how long? Do what? DO WHAT? 

Maybe there is corruption in the system, could pay someone in whatever way they choose to shoot me full of holes making me look like swiss cheese? 

Not sure what the point of this pathetic message is. A cry for help? Done that. A wish for someone to magically help me? Done that...

Que the "Your family will miss you!" "You are loved!" "It gets better!" "Take a walk, get a hobby!"  "I'll pray for you!" comments. Maybe once I rack up 100 of those, I'll carve each into my skin and then see how long till I die?