Need Some Advice re:Suicidal GirlfriendHi All,

I am currently going through a tough situation and could really use some advice or perspective from those who have experiences with this type of thing. I'm sorry if this is too long, or if there is a better place to be posting, but I'm really just a wreck right now and need help. 

--------

I (25m) recently broke up with my girlfriend (23f) because I just wasnt that happy anymore and didnt want us to end up resenting each other. I'll be the first to admit that I went about it very poorly and came across as being very coldhearted, as it basically just came out of nowhere from her pov. What made things much worse was that she found my profile on a dating app less than a week later (100% an immature/douchey coping mechanism on my part) and it seems to have completely crushed what was left of her spirit. 

That being said, I was the only really decent person in her life that she could trust (see below) and she is now saying that she is numb to all emotion and that all she wants to do is die. I have reason to believe she isn't just bluffing or crying out for attention, only because of how horrific and seriously fucked up her life has been. I told her that even though I know she has lost her love, faith, and trust in me that she can come to me for help if she needs it. She's calling me pretty much every day lately and nothing I say seems to help at all, the end result is always her saying she'll be better off dead and getting mad at me. Obviously talking this frequently (or at all) with such fresh wounds is not going to help either of us move on, but with the way she's talking I'm terrified for her safety if I don't keep picking up. 

Backstory: She is an absolutely incredible, loving and selfless person. This is basically what made me fall in love with her over a year and a half ago. A little while into our relationship she started to tell me about her childhood and adolesence. She was seriously neglected and abused physically and emotionally by her heroin addicted parents, and left to care for her siblings before leaving home at a young age. She was sexually assaulted more than once in her teens as well, and credits a particular therapist for being the only reason she is still alive. She still has incredibly severe ptsd symptoms (mostly nightmares) and since her mom tried to reach out again 6-8 months ago, they have gotten worse and worse leading to a poor quality of life which began to affect me too. She will not touch drugs other than weed because she is scared of becoming addicted like her parents. She has been in counselling constantly but it has not helped much up to this point (aside from the instance mentioned previously) and she will not accept any suggestion I make. 

Basically I am just looking for any thoughts, insights or experiences about similar situations. I've never dealt with anything heavy like this before and I want to make sure I dont say the wrong thing or make things worse. I would have no problem letting her go and never having contact again if thats what she wants but I also dont want to spend my life wondering whether she is still alive and well. 

Thanks in advance for any help.