UnhappyThis is not a new problem. Bad thoughts started to pop in my head when i was 12, i was diagnosed with chronic depression when i was 14, and almost succeeded in killing myself when i was 16. I have always been an unhappy kid. The only reason i am here today is because i promised my dad that i would not attempt again, for his sake, and not mine. He is one of the few people i respect in life so i did it for him, because i know how terrible it would effect his life. But i can't see the point of anything anymore. If my dad goes through hell because of me, *honestly* why does it matter. Humans are so insignificant, in one generation no one will remember a single thing i have done or said. It's all meaningless. 

If i could do one thing, it would to be happy. Not hey, life is pretty ok right now, but ecstatic, and every moment better than this next. Why am i unhappy? I have no fucking reason to be unhappy. None, i went to therapy and they asked me about an event that could of triggered this and i couldn't think of a god damn thing. I see everyone around me dealing with life, and i can't. I just can't cope with it. I have gotten to age 19 by turning everything off. I constantly distract myself. Right now i'm feeling my stomach ripped apart by despair. So i self medicate, and try to forget everything. If i have a bad thought i push it out of my head, if i don't think about it, it doesn't exist, and i truly do believe that. I have been on a slew of antidepressants, and not one did a fucking thing. I eventually lied after the 6th new pill bottle and said i was doing better for years. Finally took myself off and started doing drugs to fucking dissociate myself from the world. I push everything, and everyone away. Right now i have exactly zero friends to talk to, besides people i've met online through video games, which by the way is just another way for me to forget about life. I don't even consider myself a loser, it's just that i don't see the point. I've set a date to kill myself, because i want to do this as rationally as i can. Hopefully by then i have a changed heart, but for 7 years i have wanted this so i don't see it happening, i came here to vent and try to help myself, so thanks for you're time. 

