Stuck. Numb. Unsure. Venting.I don't know where to begin and I'm not sure where this post will end.

It seems like I have no friends. I talk to a couple (literally) of people, but it's as if recently we've all become detached and distant from each other. I'll try to keep all of this short. I don't like to rehash all of this, it hurts.

I became friends with one of these people over a year ago. We talked literally every day except one or two, and that was because of something personal happening in my life. Eventually, nearing a year of talking to each other, we admitted to each other that we had feelings. We decided to be romantic or whatever you want to call it. We tried to be in a relationship. Nothing was wrong at all: we never argued, could easily have fun and be entertained and be open with one another, but there was one caveat: at first, we didn't want anyone to know about us because we knew that people's input can really effect people and stress them out. For some reason, against our instinct and intuition, we went against this. We eventually told our closest friends. I told mine and she told hers. One guy and one girl knew about us. When school started (first semester of college), I guess she felt strange and as if our friends were expecting us to act a certain way. She didn't like this. It wasn't a major concern of mine -- I only wanted to be able to continue expressing myself to her even if that meant in private or away from school, but I didn't particularly like it either. 

By the end of the week, she tells me that she wanted to "drop the label" (the fact that we told our friends) so that maybe we wouldn't feel pressured anymore. She said that she wasn't "BREAKING UP breaking up" with me. I was shocked, but I still had some hope. I doubted and doubted, and about a month later after both of us seeming confused and whatnot, she told me she didn't want to be romantic and didn't want a relationship whatsoever. Said she couldn't deal with it right now (we both had some personal stuff going on in our life, I'd say she had more going on...she claimed a lot). 

School is making me worry too. I don't have a job and I'm basically rationing my financial aid and just staying in school. It's my first semester of college. I'm at a community college and I'm studying Computer Information Systems, and it's made me realize I just wouldn't want to do this for a job. I love computers, but these classes just are not satisfying to me and I cannot see myself doing any of this as a career. So I'm also stuck. I don't know where I'm going. I'll probably end up switching to College Transfer and take the broad range of classes needed to transfer...and then I don't know what.

I left out a bit, but this fucking sucks. Mostly I'm concerned about my relationships. I care about people a lot, and it just sucks. It's like people are afraid to express themselves (clearly, look at me: posting from a throwaway account, not being clear to the girl how much I care for her, and not to mention my other friend who has seemed distant as well). But yeah. I don't know. I wanted to be her release, her relief. I wanted to care for her when she needed it, but she always claimed that I couldn't really fix her problems. And maybe that's true, but I still felt like I was being pushed away. Or maybe I did the pushing. I'm fucking stupid. I'm not in an extremely dire situation, but suicidal thoughts do come and go because of all of this. 

Yes, I'm sure these problems seem like nothing. But I feel on a visceral level that I have nothing. I cannot think clearly. She's always on my mind. It isn't fair. It shouldn't have fucking abruptly ended. And I didn't only lose the romantic relationship, I'm losing her as a friend. She was my best friend. I connected more with her than I connect to the other friend I mentioned, whom I've known since 11th grade.

Jesus. I've typed a lot about nothing, haven't I? But these are my problems. I feel like I'm losing what little I had, what little certainty I had in this world. But it was so much at the same time. Now I feel very empty. I'll randomly go into a fit of crying when I'm alone at the computer at night, or when I'm in bed.

I don't know what the fuck I'm doing with my life and she gave me some kind of hope. She gave me passion. My other friend does not inspire anything in me. I've tried to express this, but not completely. I'm afraid it'll scare her away. I don't know. I just don't know. I should stop typing now and leave this open in hopes someone will have something to say. I'm sorry it's so much. I left out a bit, and I do ramble...sorry.

Thank you, truly, if you took the time out of your day to read this drivel.