I’m curious to see how many people relate to how I feel and what I’m going through.I have suffered mental illness off and on since I was 15. I’m now 22 and this year has been really bad for me. Last year I went through an emotionally abusive relationship in which I was made to feel bad about my mental illness. I started seeing a psychiatrist because I started studying my symptoms and I had a good feeling I had bipolar. So I started seeing this psych to get a diagnosis and treatment because I wasn’t coping very well. I was constantly up and down and angry. 
The psychiatrist said it wasn’t bipolar but she wanted to keep seeing me to just talk about how I feel, plus she prescribed me Lexapro for the low moods. I stared taking the medication and I was confident it would help. Until I took a DNA test (having worked in pharmacy, I knew a bit about the possibility of finding out which drugs affect me differently). Turned out that lexapro wasn’t effective for me, my body basically just absorbed it really quickly. Which explained my low moods at night when the meds wore off. 
I went back to the psych and asked to be prescribed a new medication. I suggested Lovan as it came up as a good option in my DNA test. So I’ve been on Lovan since. 
I started coping better and everything was fine, until July this year. I felt like the meds stopped working and all of a sudden, I felt the need to kill my self. Partially what triggered this, was the fact that I had to move and start a whole new job. But I think I had a lot of emotional trauma from childhood that had laid dormant in me and it’s now affecting me really badly. 
One day I was at work, and I knew I had been a bit down, more than usual for the last week or so. But this day, I sat in my car on my lunch break, just sobbing. I couldn’t cope any longer. I told my friends I was really bad and that I wanted to end it. 
The next morning, I went to the hospital to be admitted to the psychiatric ward, I felt unsafe at home and I had severe urges. I wasn’t let in because after an assessment, they figured I was better dealt with by a psychologist. They didn’t think I would benefit from a stay in the hospital. Once they sent me home, I started planning and I later attempted suicide. I took a cocktail of pain killers and sleeping tablets. I was rushed to the hospital once I told my partner what I’d done. That night was horrible. I spent it spewing my guts up in hospital. I spoke to a nurse who asked me what I wanted to do and eventually the decision was made to go home. 
I won’t go into too much detail, but I had another attempt after that one. And I also had two seperate hospital admissions into the psychiatric ward. 
It wasn’t until I started seeing a new psychiatrist, that I was told I had cluster b personality traits. He told me I had traits that aligned with Borderline Personality Disorder. This shed a whole new light on my life. I started researching it and it started to make a lot more sense than bipolar. I could really relate to the symptoms and it explained how I felt better than any other illness. 
What I want to know, is what do people who feel suicidal and those who have attempted, what went through your mind at the time, what did it feel like? 
I’ve been working on trying to explain it in words exactly how it feels when I get suicidal. Over the last couple of weeks, I’ve been able to start fighting the urges. When I start getting suicidal, I stop and think and remember that this is what I go through and that it is only temporary. I tell myself to ride it out. Most of the time, I can sleep it off and feel better the next day. 
How I’ve managed to explain in words what happens to me when I get that way, is like this;
I get angry first, sometimes it’s triggered by something, mostly it’s not. The anger is really intense and hard to control. Then I start feeling sad, the anger makes me tired and I start feeling this heartbreak sensation. Once the sadness hits, it’s a downhill slope. My mind gets really loud with thoughts, I basically have an argument with my mind. The world goes a weird shade of grey, things start seeking really bleak. There’s a huge part inside me that wants to live. And this is what I try to explain to those who will listen. I do want to live. But there’s a sort of energy or entity inside me that wants to tear me apart, it’s pushing me to the edge and it wants me to kill myself. It wants me to push away everyone I love and it wants me to spread hate. It’s a vicious voice in my head. It overwhelms and overpowers me sometimes. I get a sort of restless feeling in my body. I’m restless but when I’m like that, I can’t move. I just sit and stare and feel frozen in place. It’s like the entity inside me wants me to sit and feel the negative and encourage me to do something to hurt myself. I lose all motivation to do anything but just sit there and just feel it. 
I want to know if anyone feels anything similar to this? Does anyone actually want to live but are constantly pushed by their mind to end it all? 