not feeling goodhey guys. i've been dealing with depression for a few years, but the past few months have been really hard. I've been leaning towards suicide, but i can't really decide how to do it, so I think I never will. I'm not sure if that makes sense. 

I earn £18K a year. I got shitty grades at uni so I don't see myself ever advancing past that wage. I don't see myself doing anything I've wanted to do with a salary that small. Having money is and always has been my main dream, but now it seems so hopeless and stupid. i don't want to give up on my dream of being rich as hell because it's the only thing i have. i don't really care about much else, i feel like money would literally solve my problems if only i had it. Depression fucked me over at uni, and I basically ruined any other chance I had. it will take me years to ever have enough for a house, or a car or a nose job or anything.  

I go to work and when I come home i'm either on this sub all night, or on /r/depression or i'm playing league of legends. i used to watch 30 rock but now i've finished the whole series i don't have anything else to do. and really I don't want anything else to do because I'm only pushing away what is inevitable. there's no point distracting myself when I know i'm the only problem here. 

i don't get on with my parents, and they don't get on with me. i live with my dad but we haven't spoken in months. he said he wants me to call the doctor to get back on pills but i haven't and i don't think i will. i'd rather kill myself and get over it than pretend things are okay with medication for the rest of my life. i'd rather not speak to my mother or brother again, and they're partly the reason why i want to end it too. i'm stuck between letting them be their own little happy family together, or being so angry and pissed that i push them away anyway when we're together. i'd rather be alone or dead than deal with them. either way i don't want them in my life. i don't think my mum is speaking to me atm anyway since we went to my grandads funeral, everyone in the family (who we haven't seen in years) were having a big get together afterwards and i was just not into it. couldn't get into it and didn't want to, she ended up driving me home while i guess people were wondering why i was so anti-social or weird. 


i don't know what to do anymore, and i feel like i'm at a loss. i don't have any goals and i don't think i even want any. i don't feel like helping myself either. i don't know what i want you guys to do, i just want to talk about it. 
 