I posted about my suicide trip several days ago this is my (update)Hello all, I posted several days ago that I was going to leave several days to go see the ocean, because I have never seen it. I got a lot of encouraging responses, people that supported my trip, but obviously did not want me to kill myself. 

I unfortunately got a major panic attack an hour before I was going to board the train. I no longer have a Car, due to a family member stealing it, and it breaking down on a major U.S. freeway. It has been towed, and I cannot afford the towing and storage fees, to go and get it out. Anyways back to what I was saying. I decided not to go, but I am now getting the urge to try, and go again. I have so much anxiety staying here. I quit my job over a month ago, and I am running out of money staying here. I just got an offer to interview for a job that could help me in the future with obtaining a teaching career. I went to school for a Liberal Arts Sociology degree, with the intention of getting a Masters in El Ed. after I realized that my major was dead end. So I could take this position, and eventually have a full time teaching position, and the school would pay for my teaching certification. I have made up my mind, I do not have what it takes to try, and piece my life back together. It really is too late. I am a social leper, unattractive, suffer from horrible BDD, and my Mother hates me. My siblings love me, and will be hurt, but I have already written my suicide note which will hopefully ease some of the pain. My note is a celebration of life, and encouragement for them to live, happy successful lives. 

So at this point i cannot stick around here anymore, and I really want to go on this "bucket list" trip. But I think that inevitably I will end up taking a trip up to the mountains, and ending it all. I am not even sure why I am even posting again, I just feel very scared, and alone. I cannot tell anyone in real life my plan, because the only people I have to talk to are my siblings, and Dad, and they will have me sent to the Loony-Bin. I am still trying to hold on, but this is going to be my last weekend on this messed up planet.

One more thing, I am also suicidal due to being an environmentalist. If I end my life, I am doing a huge part to helping mother earth. I was never going to have kids anyways, because I would never want to give an innocent child these genetics. If I were to stay around and get married, my wife would have to agree that we would never have children. So I was never going to have kids, but I am eliminating my own carbon footprint. I use up a lot of resources, and those resources can be saved for someone else that actually enjoys being alive. 