I hate the holiday seasonFor the past 5 years I've tried killing myself in the holiday season, but my brother or a visiting family member would walk in right as i kicked the chair from under me or as i half-slit my wrist. 

I've been clinically depressed since I was 8 years old. Growing up a JW made my school life terrible. I was always bullied and singled out for humiliation. I hated everyone with a passion. It was so unfair that I didn't have any friends because I was "the weird religion kid". It hurt so much. All I can remember is some teachers pulling me out of the circle the kids formed to pick on me and took me to the empty classroom to calm me down from crying. That chilly winter night, I tried hanging myself. Unfortunately my parents were nosey, and the sight of their 8 year old son hanging from the ceiling scarred them for life. I was sent to the ER and institutionalized for 2 weeks.

Middle school came along, but the bullying continued. I had abandoned the cult, but I was still picked on. All my things would get stolen from my locker and my teachers didn't care enough to help when I needed it. I felt so alone. Everyday was the same. Go to school, do my classwork, get picked on, go home and cry when i got alone. I come from a very prideful family, and I would be belittled everytime I showed any emotion. It's expected of men in my family to be stoic. But because I wasn't, I would be pushed around by my father. My mother was the only person in my life who accepted that I cried when I was in so much pain. She would always go out of her way to defend me and help me when I needed help. She always held my hand when i wanted to end it. She made me feel safe and comfortable. But life just likes to take everything from me. On a chilly new years day, she died a horribly painful death, a brain hemmorage after being hospitalized for fatal stages of leukemia and breast cancer. I was left alone in this world

That night I tried jumping from the roof of the hospital. I only failed because security grabbed me before i could make the leap. Institutionalized for 3 weeks. Age 12.

In high school i finally made a couple of friends who defended me a little from the bullying. But around junior year they all said fuck this and left me behind. I was too depressing for them. They said I was holding them back and I needed to get a grip. I was devastated. It was back to the old routine. Go to school, get bullied for petty shit, and come home. But then I met this girl. We used to be friends when we were around 4 years old. She was amazing. She was so cute and happy and friendly, and we connected. After a few months of talking we began going out. We were so happy and in love with each other. She was my world. But life doesn't like to play fair. About halfway through my senior year, around christmas break, I found out she had been cheating on me with many different guys. I couldn't believe it. I gave everything i could to her. my faith and trust, i had put in her. She shattered my heart into a million pieces. Words cannot describe how much fucking pain I felt that night. My heart physically hurt and I couldn't breathe. I just wanted all my pain to stop. Please I just want it to fucking end!

That night I tried slitting my wrists in a warm bath. My brother walked in on my halfway down one of my arms. I was rushed to the er and got stitches. Institutionalized for a week. Age 17

I tried killing myself here and there but always failed because my family would walk in at just the right moment to pull me out. I just want it all to end

Fast forward to 3 months ago. My old friend's ex started talking to me. asking about my old friend of course. but something happened between us. a spark of some sort. we connected on a very deep emotional level. she was depressed too, but I understood her as well as she understood me. We fell in love in the span of a month. we talked everyday for hours on end. I would take her out for midnight drives and fall in love with her all over again. But life had other plans for me. She lives with her parents, and gets treated like a kid, albeit her being 20 years old. Her parents read some of our texts about what sex positions to try next time we had a chance to do the deed. Her parents were outraged. They are huge on marriage before sex, and she had kept our relationship secret from them. They made her break up with me, and cut me off completely. I'm blocked everywhere, and she's basically under house arrest. I told her to come live with me, but she adamantly refused. her parents had apparently told her that if she continues with me, she would be dead to them and would never be a part of her family again. She chose them over me. She promised me that she would never let me go, under any circumstances. She said I was her everything, and she would choose me over her cold family any day of the week. It hurts so much accepting she lied to me, and didn't take me as seriously as I had. like my ex, I had put my complete faith and trust in her, which was the hardest thing for me to do. I was so used to not trusting anyone to avoid being hurt. But I gave her my love, support, and trust, and she tossed it aside like I was just a piece of trash. It hurts so fucking much man. I just wanted to be happy, and she made me happy. Now I'm all alone, suffering this agonizing depression and strong will to end it all.

That brings us to present day. I'm 20 now. I have a job working in retail. But It's so meaningless and bland. I feel all the pain and suffering i did as a kid and teen to this day. all the sadness, hate, anger, and loneliness. It's still there. I'm in so much pain and agony, but i can't show it in fear of being disowned by my prideful family. Therapy and medication didn't help at all. In fact it only made me feel like shit, and the medications only flared up my suicidal tendencies. I just wanna end it all so badly. It's the only way I can stop feeling pain. It's getting close to Christmas, so I'm gonna make sure this time I get it right. 

I love you Mom