Trapped inside a voidDear whoever cares enough to read this, though I doubt there are any that fall under that criteria.

I am trapped inside a void.  There is absolutely nothing for me.  I go through the monotonous tasks of every-day life with nothing to look forward to, no aspirations whatsoever.  The only saving grace I felt like I had, the only thing that made me feel like I was wanted, and accepted me for who I am, was Maren.  As absolutely idiotic as it sounds (and she’s assured me that it is,) talking to her was the one thing I looked forward to every day.  It was the one thing that kept me going; knowing that some time throughout the day I would be able to talk to her, even if only briefly before we went to sleep.

She made me feel accepted.  She made me feel like I had some kind of worth.  She made me feel like I could actually like myself, and be okay with who I was.  But most of all, she made me feel loved.  Never before have I ever been able to open up to someone so completely.  I felt completely at ease when talking with her.  I’ve told her things that no one else in the world knows about me, and she made me feel like she actually cared about them- that she cared about me.  We shared many intimate moments that I would never dare have with anyone else.  We talked about getting together, being with each other, devising crazy scenarios with how to be together.  We talked all the time, nothing could keep us apart.  Except for Ty.  She helped me through all of the problems I was facing related to my depression over the break-up with Starr.  She talked to me whenever I needed her, and she always made me feel better about it.  She was my shining star in a pitch-black sky.  None of this is any longer, though.

We have slowly drifted apart as she began to realise exactly how I am.  I am sure she regrets getting involved with me, and I don’t blame her.  I do nothing but hurt her these days.  None of it is intentional, but it happens nonetheless.  When we first started talking again, I told her about my clingy tendencies and she said she was okay with that.  I suppose she thought I was over-exaggerating, but I wasn’t.  I need to have interaction in my life.  I know it is not fair to the people around me, and I know that it is not what they want, but I cannot be alone in my own thoughts all the time.  My thoughts are extremely self-destructive.  I need someone to spend time with, someone to talk to to get away from my thoughts.  

For about four months I was legitimately happy.  That was probably the only time in my life I have ever actually been legitimately happy.  I was finally over Starr, thanks to the help from Maren.  I had no stress at all, things were actually looking up, even my migraines were becoming few and far between.  I was in love, and I felt loved.  If I could go back in time and re-play those four months over and over again, I would without hesitation.  That was the best time of my life.  I didn’t have people ridiculing me for various reasons beyond my control.  I didn’t have to feel like I had to hold all of my feelings inside.  I could share them with Maren, and she was incredibly receptive.  I didn’t have to lie about who I was, or leave details out.  Maren made me feel like I was a good person.  I told her about my past, and she seemed genuinely concerned for me.  She tried hard to dispel all of the hateful things I have been told about myself.  She told me that I was attractive, something I had never been told before, not even by Starr, who I was together with for ten years.  I was happy with who I was at that time.  Prior to that I had never willingly taken a picture of myself.  But with her, we would send each other snapchat pictures, and she made me feel like I wasn’t the hideous person that I thought myself to be.  In hindsight, I am sure that she was just being nice to me, and that she did not actually think I was attractive.  It was still nice to hear it, though.

I miss those days.  I long for them to return, but I know that that will never happen.  The same thing has happened with many people before, though none to that extreme.  They are fine with me when we first start talking, and eventually they realise how high-maintenance and fucked up I am.  That causes them to drift away, until eventually we stop talking altogether, or sometimes they just abruptly cut me out of their lives.  That was the case with Starr.  The night before she broke up with me she told me that she loved me.  In the morning, she told me it was over and a few weeks later told me to never talk to her again.  After ten years of being together, she ended it on a whim, and caused me to lose not only my significant other, but also my best friend.  The same thing is happening with Maren.  I am driving her away, and eventually I will not have a best friend again.  I will be completely alone.  The last time I was completely alone, right after Starr broke up with me, I didn’t leave my room for two weeks.  I didn’t eat a single thing in those two weeks.  I laid there in bed, staring at my ceiling in the darkness, constantly in tears, trying to realise where I had gone wrong.  I have never cried so much in my life.  I have hid my emotions from outside view all of my life, but at that moment I could not contain them any longer.  I had absolutely nothing left for me in the world, and that is how I feel again, right now.

It was complete luck that I was actually able to reconnect with Maren again.  I have no idea at all how to make friends.  She just happened to be online on Facebook when I was feeling at my absolute lowest.  I sent her a message with no expectations whatsoever, I was prepared to either be completely ignored, or told to go away.  That didn’t happen though.  We had a wonderful conversation, reminiscing about our childhood.  I don’t remember how the subject got changed to me talking about Starr, but I told her everything, and she seemed like she genuinely cared about it.  She stayed up with me until the morning, just talking with me on Facebook.  I was in tears for most of that conversation, partly because I was still upset about the breakup, but also because I couldn’t believe that someone actually cared.  Especially someone I hadn’t talked to in over a decade.  When we started to get close, and revealed our feelings for one another, we joked about how us reconnecting was a “red string of fate.”  I don’t believe in fate, but I also don’t think it was just dumb luck that caused us to reconnect at that moment, when I felt like I had nothing left.  The problem lies in the fact that I will never be able to replicate that with anyone else.  I am incredibly socially awkward; I cannot make new friends at all.  In person I just completely freeze up and get overwhelmed with anxiety.  Online, I just have nothing to say.  I am a boring person.  I have tried to make new friends on various subreddits, /r/r4r, /r/kikpals and the like.  I have talked to a few people who seemed nice, but none of them developed into an actual friendship.  They all stopped talking to me after one session.  I don’t have anything at all to give in a friendship.

After fighting with Maren, and being told that I can’t keep badgering her to hang out with me, when all I asked was that if she was going to be able to talk after she was done watching Game of Thrones with her new boyfriend (who was her ex,) my self-worth is absolutely rock bottom.  She has made me realise that I am the problem, that it is my fault my relationships always dissolve.  She joined me in blaming Starr for the dissolution of our relationship, but I see now that it was never her fault.  I am just completely unlovable.  I can never have more than one true friend.  I believe this stems from the fact that growing up, I had very few friends, and when I tried to expand and make new friends I got burned very badly, every time.  Because of this, I latch on to the one friend I have.  I suffocate them.  I bother them until they cannot stand it any more, and leave me.  I have tried so hard to give her space, and not ask her to hang out with me, or talk to me, but whenever I try, I get extremely depressed.  I have spent the past two weeks in extreme depression.  I was hoping that by the weekend we would be able to hang out and it would alleviate some of it, but she cancelled our plans in favour of hanging out with someone else.  Every time I ask her to do something and she says no, I get a sinking feeling.  Mainly because in the four months that I was happy, we did everything together.  Any time I asked if she wanted to do something, she was happy to hang out with me.  She was happy to talk to me nearly every moment she was awake.  I suppose that is only sustainable for so long until someone would get bored of me.  I have very little to offer, it was mainly her driving everything, and that must have been exhausting.

I am getting tired of writing, though.  I recognize my faults and all of my flaws, but I have no knowledge or motivation to fix them.  I have lived with them my entire life, and not a single person has stayed around because of them.  I am writing this because I now have zero friends.  I am completely alone.  No one in the world would even notice if I fell off the face of the Earth, or faded into oblivion.

Goodbye,

Steven  