My GF attempted suicide last night. Please comment I need help processing*This is a burner account.*
I am really struggling to deal with this.
She knows nothing about pharmaceutical drugs... I was hoping maybe this was somewhat accidentally but after checking her google search history - “can you OD on oxazepam” it’s pretty clear she intended on dying...
I got my script filled yesterday so she consumed 250mg of diazepam & 375mg of oxazepam and between 4-6 standard drinks of vodka. She has never done anything like this.

She is was on Zoloft then switched to lexapro and has been regularly drinking while on it.
We had been arguing so I went to a friends hoping she would just cool off and it would all be good, it was just petty little relationship stuff but she does also have a lot of other stress going on.... 

the last few msgs I got from her were somewhat positive - “I love you but I hate saying it when I’m angry” and she said something about how she “ I would have would have been hit by a car if it wasn’t for (a local radio station)” then I missed a few calls from her then she sent me a photo which I didn’t see until 45 minutes later of her with a 20 or so Valium in her hand, then she said “I’m drunk. I don’t know why I did that  I’m trying to throw them up. But I’m really sleepy”. Got to my house about 40 minutes later, not even having realised these msgs as my phone was in my bag on silent, and her step-father was waiting out in the street - it was approx 1am by this time, I approached him, he said she’s passed out mate - blah blah I was drunk as hell, he threatened to knock me out - understandly I guess - I laughed at that threat and said go on mate do it. I then ran inside to find her drifting in and out of consciousness on the kitchen floor and her mother hysterical, I immediately placed her in the recovery position head tilted and got some ice and a cold rag to keep her from drifting off to sleep, it took 1hr and 15 minutes for the ambulance to arrive.. I’m still processing it but I think this has been the scariest thing that has ever happened to me in a relationship or for that matter my life... I’m 30 she is 26.

I am terrified and have no idea how to deal with this, especially after a sleepless night and 12 hours sitting in the hospital.