Nothing makes me happy anymoreI know my issues aren't gonna be solved with one reddit post, but I guess it would help a tiny bit to at least type it out. Before you ask, no, I'm not suicidal. I'm way too afraid of death to even consider it, so instead I feel chained and bound to this plane of existence. It is as the title says. I do everything I can to keep my mind off it until the day I can actually get help, but for the longest time I haven't considered life worth living, at least not how mine is and how I feel it's gonna go. I'm 28, still stuck living with my parents who I don't get along with, especially my mom who thinks that just because I had a better childhood than she did that I have no reason to be sad about anything, and who have fought with each other since I first started forming long term memories so that's my exposure to what love is like, can't seem to get a good enough paying career going because companies within a reasonable distance from me pay shitty and never take on anyone without years of experience, can't make friends because every time I do, it's always someone who's too busy 90% of the time so I just end up feeling twice as bad as I did being alone, can't find a loving relationship with a woman because I'm an emotional mess and even without that, I'm severely average looking at best, and my complete lack of self esteem and confidence makes me truly believe that I'm not good enough for anyone so on the off chance I fall for someone it absolutely tears me apart inside and so I completely fuck it up because I get swept up in my feelings and embarrass myself, so all I can see myself doing is maybe someday living on my own and spending the rest of my life living just for the sake of staying alive. Alone. Never being able to meet anyone's expectations because I was never able to learn from my social and romantic mistakes in the past because everyone finds it SOOO much easier to just ghost me rather than telling what I did or said wrong. I don't have motivation anymore. I have no dreams anymore. Nothing seems worth doing anymore. Nothing makes me happy anymore.