why am i here?why am i here?   
  
I guess it's because the house is empty, and the sound of the typing is better than nothing. that sounds pretty cliche, doesn't it? yeah. fuck it. whatever. I always have sounded pretty cliche, I always have to speak in riddles and metaphors, and it's always the same ones.   
  
Things have gone to hell with the wife. This is wife number 2. That's not entirely accurate, I guess. Things went to hell with wife number 2, and things have been in hell. We've both been in hell. And I blame her for a lot of it, rightfully so some would say.   
  
And yes, this is the second time that things have gone to hell, because this is wife number 2. I've been in hell before, I can't fool myself into thinking that this isn't it. And I think about what this means.  I think about all the bitterness and anger it entails. I think about the jealousy, and how that's part of the process, the process of moving on.   
   
Wife number 1 is long gone. Moved away, couldn't get far away enough I suppose. Or maybe it had nothing to do with me, who am I to say? But does she resent me still? She wants nothing to do with me. And can you really blame her?   
  
It's not even ironic that the circumstances are the same; that is to say the circumstances by which we entered hell. I always talked about how much wife number 1 and 2 had in common; much more than either of them would have been comfortable with, I'd joke. And in the end, even their betrayal of trust was common.   
  
They always say we have patterns in our relationships, don't they. Here am I, proving the cliche again.   
  
And the crazy thing is, I randomly ran into this guy I hadn't thought about in weeks today, and the same thing just happened to him, with his wife. And I thought, "Hey, I'm not alone." And he said to me, "I know it doesn't seem like it now, but God is just setting you up to meet the perfect girl." And I laughed a little, inside. Because he was really sincere. It was harmless, but it hurt to laugh like that.  ]
  
Because I was already thinking about moving on. I was already giving myself the speech: you've done it before. It's not the end of the world. It's just a marriage. You've done it before, so it won't be as hard this time.  
  
But it's still going to be really, really hard.  
  
And then I started thinking about another friend of mine, who let's be honest, is dying from caner of the esophagus. And I thought, "I envy him." And I let that sink in for a few minutes. Because he's dying, and he knows that he's dying, and everyone around him knows that he's dying. And he's clearly not comfortable. He's in pain, and he complains of being unable to eat because it's so hard to swallow.   
  
And yet he carries within him a serenity which I think only the knowledge of one's impending death can impart. It's as if having the end of the journey in sight makes the pains of the travel easier to bear. Like he's walking in the desert, but he can see an oasis up ahead, and so he walks with grace and dignity. And I am ashamed to stand in his presence, feeling this envy, so I feel it quietly, I hide it as best as I can. Which is ridiculous, because I have a feeling that, if he did know how I felt, he would forgive me. Of course he would.  
  
  
And as I let all of that sink in, I told myself that if I was to get a diagnosis like his, I wouldn't tell my family, and I wouldn't seek treatment. And I'd be lying if that fantasy didn't make me feel relieved.  
  
so why am i here? i am here because i'm terrified. 