For the first time ever, I finally have the courage to plan my suicide.My life is an absolute mess. My longterm bf broke up with me, he used to be the one I can confide in but now he’s gone. My professional life is a mess too, I graduated from a uni in the UK which costs a lot of money for my parents to pay, and I failed them by choosing a degree I ended up hating. I feel like an absolute failure doing that to my family. That money could’ve gone to fund someone else who is sure of their passion in life. I am now trying to shift my career to something else but so far, despite being told by my mentors that I have a strong portfolio, no one really responds to my application, and every attempt of me trying to build connection yield no results. No one wants to help me out. 

I was abused by my uncle for so long, and he is still in my life. My mom is the only one who knows, but even then she is trying to keep the the family intact by still interacting with him. I didn’t say anything but it upsets me how she can just interact with him as if nothing happens to me. I didn’t tell her the entirety of what happened so maybe that’s why but that fucking guy molested me for years, asked me to do hand and blowjob when I was a kid. I can’t even hate him anymore, he has a family now and seems to be a good dad to his kids. I can’t reveal everything and confront him, that could just ruin his kids life, they never did anything wrong. 

Maybe no one is really on my side, everyone keeps telling me that my kindness (ISFJ) of always trying to look after others is a weakness to the world. They told me that no one wants to hire someone who is like that. On top of that, my boyfriend also left me because of my social anxiety and i’m really crushed that he would do that and is not willing to support me when I supported him when he was depressed. On our farewell meeting he said, “don’t be too selfless, take care of yourself.” Maybe, it’s time that I should stop empathising with people; but I can’t that’s not who I am but if who I am is so not needed, why should I bother? 

I really have nothing to look forward to in life, no one really loves me unconditionally. Even my mom, i know she loves me, but the fact that she always focus on my weakness but when it comes to my brother she always defends him, when he is honestly nothing to write home about. If I kill myself, I feel really feel bad for my dad, he is the only one who truly supports and loves me, but maybe the best way of showing him I love him is to get rid of the one person who causes him so much stress....ME. 

I’m running out of fuel. Maybe it’s time I do my family a favour and end my life. I just don’t think I can do that at home. I don’t want them to live with the horror of me hanging myself in my room. I feel like it’s better to do it outside, i just don’t know when.  I’m planning to do it next month. Any ideas on the best way to go?