20 year old,HS Dropout i want to suicide, no real life friends, broken familyHello Reddit. A long time lurker here, that's my first post/finally made an account, unfortunately it had to be this type of post.

I'll go ahead and Jump right into it, even if no one reads it atleast i shared it somewhere.

Here's some of my Life story, i'm 20 years old, a high school drop out, haven't left the house in probably 5 years unless we are counting meeting with my mother once a month.

Why am i a High School drop out you may ask? well it could be said it's partly my foult, but mainly my family was seriously fucked up.
When i was 14 years old i was kicked off the public school i was in for fighting a bully, /i've just had a warning but my mother decided to just move me from it to business private school, well it all kind of went downhill after that.
Take in mind my parents are divorced, and i live with my father, my sister which is 3 years older lived with my mother.

So Fast forward 3 months into the new school, i don't like it,most of my ''class mates '' if you could call four people a class were doing the school online, so essentially most of the times it was just me and teacher after teacher just coming in to teach me, so it got depressing real fast, so in the span of 3-4 months i just decided to stop showing up, well nothing happened after i stopped showing, my mom kept paying them yearly and they never called her or me to go back to the school,so there was that, freedom right?.
 every teenager dream, not going to school, 0 words from my mother to go to school since she was always busy dealing with my drug addicted sister, which was a major trouble growing up, drugs, run-away and so on, but that's a different story, so what does a 15 year old do with all this time?.
Well i simply started gaming, played 1 game in particular which by the time i was 15 and a half, started making me money, /take into consideration i'm living in a 3rd world country, so essentially with this game which i was spending all my new aquired time i started making a good amount of money which almost no one my age atleast from my country was doing.
So i just kept going, i was happy, staying at home every day, playing a game i liked which started making me money,and my parents of course were happy to see me making money from some game so nobody really told me anything.
Well fast forward few months and my father ''restourant'' or basicly little pizza shop stopped bringing in profit, and eventually he had to give it up, so there goes his income.
Eventually he started getting cheap cars from here and selling them for more in different countrys for some profit, but that eventually dried up too, so what happens now you ask?
Well now we are completely dependent on me, a 16 year old at the time depressed 24/7 at home kid, of course my mom saw that and started helping too, so my father is on full leech mode, but im expecting him to get a job soon right, like every normal father would after he sees his son trying to get money from anywhere he could.
Well no, he can't find any job for months since he is used to being an owner of business/just collect money essentially, and fast forward 3 months and he gets a heart attack and he needs triple bypass, which his insurance and my mom pays for, well you'd think it cant get worse right? well it does get worse. Now we are completely dependent on my ''income'' if you can call what i had income, now he cant get a job since he's ''recovering'', so again everything goes on my shoulders and my mom's, any money i make goes for rent, electricity, food, while my friends at the same age are going to school, having fun, i'm stuck in home thinking of ways to make money /a little side tract, when my mom and dad divorced we werent in good relationship so basicly my relationship  with my mom  was something like ""i buy you stuff once a month and put you in private school which i dont even pay attention if you go to, so i'm a good mother aye''' .
So every month, i pay whatever i can, the rest pays my mother, and that goes on and on and on, my father eventually recovers from his bypass, and guess what? he doesnt find a job again, he's trying to start businesses but pretty much anything he starts he gets into the ground, and no one dares to borrow him money anymore, so he just stays and does nothing, while his son gets white hair from stress from trying to make ends meet at 16 years old, so eventually we decide to send him to his relatives in Germany and hope he can fix his life there and pretty much  get off our shoulders, well we are waiting for 3 years so far my mother to scrapp off enough money to give him so he can go there and leave us alone, to this day my mother and i pay rent/food/electricity for the apartment me and my father are in, with whatever money i make from the said game+ her help, we are waiting my mother to sell a house and get her commision so we can give him some money so he can leave, /she's a real estate agent/, i essentially havent left the house in 5 years other than visiting my mom, my sister left to clean houses abroad which was pretty much forced to go since all she did while she was with my mom was spend all her money on drugs/run away from home drama/repeat/more drugs  so she's gone for 1 year so far but will be returning soon as far as i know so there goes more expenses. I'm still stuck living with my father while he does literally nothing, at this point i despise him and i kind of envy my sister for leaving since she grew up with my mother so she didn't have essentially the fucked up life decisions i had to make, she just packed her suitcase, got money from my mother and went to clean houses in a different country, while i'm stuck taking care of my father with everything i manage to scrape off.

So yeah, at this point i'm considering in a few weeks to  find a gun on the black market, and simply overdose on pain killers and shoot myself in the head, preferrably near a bridge so if i survive the gunshot i fall to my death anyway, i doubt many of you will read what i've wrote, i'm sorry for being a wall of text stranger, it just feels kind of good sharing it with someone.