I have had these thoughts before, but they feel more serious now.I'm using a throwaway that I created years ago.  This story is long, but I want to be able to thoroughly communicate how I got to my current mental state.  If you do make it to the end, I appreciate you for taking the time to do so.

This is not the first time I have contemplated ending my life.  Back in the summer of 2012 I checked myself into the hospital by calling 911 and having the police come pick me up and take me before shoving a kitchen knife into my stomach while my parents slept upstairs. I have never felt comfortable asking my parents for anything, but because they have good careers I never had to ask either. My family and girlfriend are the only reason why I'm still alive.  

After being admitted into the mental health ward of my hometown hospital I was put into my own room and stayed there for a week while being fed a steady dose of anti-depressants and anti-psychotics.  I knew it was ultimately the best choice for me to admit myself, but I felt ashamed for going because I was known to be the strong willed person in my family.  I'm the only child who excelled in school and sports and had a chance to play basketball in college.  I decided to quit basketball after two months because my anxiety kept me up at night and I could not manage to go through the stress of being a student-athlete during the day. I continued to go to class but commuted from home instead of live on campus.  After the first semester I transferred to the local branch of my state's university with plans to go to main campus the following year.  That time at home I started smoking weed to deal with my anxiety because the medication I was being prescribed was not enough.  I also met a girl who I knew was bad news but could not resist and ended up getting my heart broken on top of everything else.  I actually wrote the poem in my post history a couple months after she left.  

Well, the weed and medication combined with the want to leave home drove me to do well in school and I earned the right to transfer to my universities main campus to finish out college.  So many people say that college is the best four years of your life, but only if you are willing to put yourself out there to do so.  My introverted personality made it the worst four years to me, because if I wasn't in class I would be in my room doing homework and smoking weed to cope with feeling alone.  I was too afraid to ever volunteer in class because I didn't want the students to notice me.  Everyday I went it was an anxiety inducing experience that left my shirts stained with sweat and my mind tired from thinking negatively about what people thought of me.  Before the start of my junior year my brother came from home uni in NY (also from depression), and we lived together in an apartment.  That was an utter disaster because his messiness combined with my inability to keep my anger under control led to countless fights and self-esteem crushing name calling.  I remember the night he told me that I should have killed himself and haven't forgot it since he told me two years ago.  I try to tell myself that he only said it because he was hurting too, but maybe he was also right.  

That winter of my junior year I tried out for my universities varsity basketball team.  All the coaches were there and it was an exciting experience that I was sure of seizing.  Throughout all the shit that happened in years prior I never gave up my love for the sport and continued to shoot and train because it's the best way for me to truly relive anxiety.  I didn't do bad offensively, but my years of smoking blunts caught up with me when I couldn't run back on defense near the end of the tryout.  They ended up not taking any walk-ons that year and I was devastated.  I still think about it when I watch them on television that if I wouldn't have convinced myself out of working through my problems that one of those guys could be me.  Not playing college basketball is the thing that hurts me the most, not even wanting to die.  Whenever you hear of guys that wasted their talent on dumb shit, well that's me and it sucks!   

So, getting past that and onto the story I ended up graduating from my university with a BA in English Literature.  I really just like reading and writing, so it made more sense to me to pursue that major instead of continuing to be a Theatre major like I was for my first year at main campus.  Once again, a choice that I made has ended up screwing me up because it's damn near impossible for me to find meaningful employment after school.  Having a degree in English has not opened up any doors for me.  Many say that the degree itself is invaluable, but I cannot agree with them because I can't do anything with my degree. The only jobs available are ones that require no degree at all, and I feel as if my entire adult life has been a series of mistakes.     

I have bills to pay that I do not know what to do about. When I combine my current situation with my pessimistic thoughts about the future all I can think of is dying to make it stop.  Sincere smiles and moments of feeling wanted and loved have left a long time ago.  I just want to die, but I hate feeling selfish in doing so.  Thanks again for reading.