My Girlfriend (16) Has suicidal thoughts due to family.My girlfriend who lives in America (I live in Ireland) very long distance I know but we have been together for around 1 year,havent met yet will maybe happen this summer. Lately we have been fighting alot and very shaky, not like we didnt fight before but its getting more and more bad. Lately (within this week) she told me that she has been having suicidal thoughts due to alot of things and Im the only person that knows so far. Before all this I had thoughts of leaving her as we clearly both arent fully happy with our relationship at times, but I really want to stay for her at this time as It feels like she needs me to help her and Im blank as to what exactly I should do to make her feel better. The main reasons she has talked about leading to these thoughts are...

 1. The main one, family. In the last 2 years her grades havent been amazing like her family would want so her 2 elder sisters barely talk to her at all which makes her feel lonely and like a dissapointment. Even though her greates are much better than that of her both sisters past. (She doesnt live with parents only sisters)

 2. Alot of stress due to her drivers ed where due to alot of unluckyness and a terrible instructor she mad not even be able to get her permit even after all those classes she had to do and she feels like its her fault because she missed one day :(

 3. Us fighting alot due to various reasons doesnt help at all,she even told me that I'm the person she looks to for help as her family just tell her she is stupid but alot of times we just fight and I cant help at all + due to time zone difference (6 hours :/) she usually gets emotional about this stuff and needs me to talk to at around 4-6am and I cant handle that daily I'm losing so much sleep as I already stay up pretty late just to talk to her as we talk from the moment she leaves school to the moment I sleep.

I don't really know what else to write here any help will be appreciated as I really want her to feel better, if someone needs more information on a subject I'll try reply as fast as I can but shes home soon so it might be slowed down a bit. Thank you for reading!