Emotionless, just plain tired of life.Not sure what I'm expecting to happen by posting here, but I wanted to say something to someone. I've never talked to anyone about this stuff. I've been depressed my entire life and have had suicidal thoughts even when I was like 10-11. I have an appointment to see a counselor in two weeks but I don't know if I'll make it. 

Every day I try and go into work, do just enough to prevent being fired (lately barely enough), come home and either drink until I black out or surf for questionable porn (nothing illegal, just fucked up).  Essentially, the same thing I've done since I was about 17 (I'm 32 now). I've done the odd interesting thing and a shitload of volunteer work in the community, but I really think my best times are well behind me. I'm bored, tired of the grind and I don't think I can take another 30+ years of this. I'm emotionless, significant things have happened to people around me, but I feel nothing. My dad survived cancer a few years ago. My best friend's mom died of cancer, and I still didn't feel anything for someone whom I knew for the majority of my life. I'm not an alcoholic, I go weeks without drinking. I just do it because I'm bored, and it allows me to feel *something*. How pathetic is that. Everything I enjoyed doing before is no longer fun. I hang out with friends just because I always have, but I don't specifically enjoy it anymore. I just have a bunch of drinks and go through the whole rigmarole for nothing. 

On top of that, it's pretty fucking pathetic in 2013 that I'm still in the closet, but I'm terrified to come out to my parents and brother. I don't want to be the gay son, the failure that won't keep the family name going. I work alongside one of my parents so it's not like they wouldn't be reminded every day. My extended family would never accept that so it's better to avoid it altogether. It's certainly fucked up any chance of a relationship. My last relationship was 10 years ago. It wasn't my first fling but it was certainly the most significant. We had made plans to move half way across the country so we could try living together openly without our parents and friends finding out. I made it out there first, he was supposed to follow a few weeks later but he was killed instantly by a drunk driver in his hometown. I was devastated, I was broke and couldn't come back for the funeral, and I couldn't bring myself to ask my parents for help. I couldn't hide my grief, and they don't know I'm gay, I pretended it was a girlfriend that died. I felt like such a fucking traitor to his memory. Eventually the frustration and guilt of it lead me to being picked up by the police as I was sitting on the edge of my 5th floor apartment balcony, willing myself to jump off. I spent a night in the hospital, and soon after I moved back to my hometown and have been aimless ever since.

So here I am a decade later, in no better shape. I've done some cool shit since, but again, it's not enjoyable anymore and I'm not seeing the upswing of sticking around any longer. I know it's a selfish move that will affect my family significantly, but in this case I want to just look out for #1 here. I'm hoping the grief would be balanced out by joy in the fact that my brother has really gotten his shit together and is getting married in the summer. It's not that I specifically want to die, it's just the only option that I think would stop me from feeling like shit all the time. I wonder if my parents know I'm so unhappy and tired and maybe they would consider it a mercy killing or something.

Anyway, I'm going to bed. I'll figure out what to do tomorrow. Thanks for reading this shit. Sorry for rambling.