What did I do wrongTonight my wife of 8 years attempted Suicide. This did not feel like her usual cry for help. We recently experienced a miscarriage after a rough cycle of IVF. Narcotics And alcohol have never been her go to. She texted her dad and he called the police to come and check on her just about 30 mins after I got home from a 12 hr shift. They were cordial and sympathetic and called a grief counselor for her to talk with as she lay on our bed room floor. 

I feel so lost. It’s never escalated to this level in such a long time. I have so many emotions pent up right now. So broken and angry and powerless to do anything about it all. She was on the verge of being taken away but she knows what to say to the counselor to end that conversation. I almost hoped he wouldn’t have fallen for that. 

That this time I wouldn’t be in charge of this runaway train careening into the night breaking things emotionally and physically all around me. I feel alone and unable to process what my purpose in the life we share anymore.  The role of the caretaker is what I do for a living and to have that role forced upon me at home is unbelievable and so personal , I can barely breath around this home we share. 

She no longer wants to suffer anymore. And that the loss of her life is not up to me, her family, her friends. But a choice she wants to make all on her own. 

I get that. I see patients go through loss of life and limb on a daily basis. Some chose to fight no more after terminal illness is presented upon them. But she sees her depression/ anxieties/ fears/ pain all the same as a cancer.  And I understand that. 

She says it’s selfish of us to want her to stay around and be in our lives. But at what cost is it to us? What am I supposed to do when she does final succeed? How am I suppose to move on and carry the struggles alone ? 

Every day I feel like I made a mistake 10 yrs ago. And every day I am paying that price with my livelihood, sanity, finances, relationships and wellbeing. When will I every be ok?