Fuck man it's not worth it(heyyy nicholas if you end up reading this, not sure if you check my posts but I don't give enough of a shit to log into my alt)

My life, objectively, is pretty shit. I would appreciate if we could skip the whole "other people have it worse" thing and just take my word for it. My father is a narcissistic asshole, none of my friends are actually ever there for me, my physical health is fucking terrible, and my mental health has never been ok. 

I have a genetic disorder, I am only going to get worse as I get older (once again, please skip the "oh you don't know that!" my doctors have been very frank with me about how my condition will progress). I need double knee surgery already, at the ripe old age of 17. My future is just going to be pain and surgeries and doctors. I'm starting to doubt I'll ever be a productive member of society.

I have good moments, I love my cat and ceramics and being alive really. All of which make it so much more difficult to just admit that the pain isn't worth it anymore. I'm so tired of trying. I keep fighting and fighting and I'm never going to get better and what is the point? 

I keep making plans for my future, plans I look forward to. And then some bullshit comes along and ruins everything and I have to start over. For so long I've just rolled with the punches and tried to be strong but I can't anymore. I'm done starting over. I'm angry and hurt. I can't talk to my (flakey) friends about anything because no one gets it. My family is even worse. I'm supposed to just grin and bare it but I can't.

I don't want to die, I love life so much, but I can't carry on like this. Everything is so far out of my control, I can't fix any of my problems. I just feel so small and powerless. I know if I died people would miss me, it would be devastating. I know that I would leave a lot of people very fucked up over it. But sometimes I think their suffering would be less than what I have to face. 

It's like I keep having to grieve for these futures I won't get to experience and the past I missed out on. I don't know where this rant is going but I just don't want to feel like this