Completely BrokenI don't know exactly where to start... I think I mostly just need to vent.

I am a college freshman for the second time at age 29 at a pretty prestigious private Christian school. The first time I attended, I was sexually assaulted by another student, and although it was reported, nothing was done. I was blamed. My roommate started dating his roommate. He harassed me for a while. I became so despondent, I stopped going to class and developed an eating disorder in addition to trying to numb myself with alcohol. I left school and moved out of state for a while. I was devastated. I had entered college as a minor because I graduated high school in just three years. Early on in high school, having lived in an abusive situation, I realized that my ticket out was that I was smart. My family didn't have money, so I found out if I graduated early, the state would give me a scholarship, and so would most schools I applied to. I worked several jobs while in high school, took the SAT 7+ times and the ACT  4+ times as well just to do everything I could to get out. I did. And the first weekend of college everything changed when I was assaulted. I thought I'd gotten away from abuse. Although, I feel my assailant robbed a part of my soul that night, I think the most damage was done by faculty at my school with the victim-blaming.

It's been 10+ years since then, and I have been doing somewhat better. I'm back at the same school it happened because I wanted to know I could overcome it right where it happened. I wanted to face it, but I struggle. I had panic attacks in certain places on campus all last semester. And I feel like a weirdo or freak being so much older than my classmates especially when they ask WHY I'm still a freshman at my age. 

Not to mention, I've made a lot of poor relationship choices in the past that only caused more trauma in my life. I've been in counseling which has helped me see and understand a lot of why I think and feel and act the way I do. I feel like I think in cognitive distortions more than 90% of the time. And the rest of the time I spend correcting and beating myself up over it. 

I don't know if it's the PTSD (which I'm told may be Complex PTSD because of repeated trauma), or what, but I sometimes have knee-jerk reactions to things especially when it comes to men and how they treat me or interact with me. When a situation appears even slightly to resemble a similar (painful) situation from the past, I freak out. I run. I put up a wall. And they don't understand. They tell me I'm acting weird or making them uncomfortable because I guess normal people don't react the way I do to certain situations that trigger me. I almost always catch myself reacting to the cognitive distortions in the middle of my reaction and try to correct it, but sometimes I don't realize it until later... after the damage is done. It takes a lot of work to correct these thoughts, and to admit to people when I've acted on them, not to mention the embarrassment (especially when they don't understand). 

I don't know if the answer is completely cutting myself off from the world and avoiding any type of social life until I have mastered both CBT and managing the cognitive distortions and my knee-jerk reactions to triggers, or what? Just keep feeling like a weirdo and freak? I hate that my mind is like this. I understand why, and I understand I didn't deserve to go through the things that caused it, but I still have to live with it. It's exhausting not being able to trust people or their intentions. And every time I try to, I get burned. What gives?

The past few days, my eating disordered behavior has crept back in triggered by something that happened with a new guy I've been dating. Everything was great... perfect... no problems, and I was really happy with him. Then he disappeared for a day completely out of character (we normally text all day/night). After several hours of no responses, I started thinking he was doing it on purpose. Not to mention, the day before he completely ignored a few texts I sent asking him questions about upcoming plans I wanted to make with him. So, naturally I assumed that I was being ghosted. After all, we did meet online. 

Anyway, after sending a few texts mentioning it was odd not hearing from him but wishing him well (I thought I'd never hear from him again), he texted me late in the evening saying he left his phone home all day. He then told me that my texts disturbed him and made him uncomfortable because it had only been one day of no contact. He maintained that he did not receive my texts/questions the previous day and accused me of being dishonest about sending them. 

I don't even know what to think. When I was young, I lived with my dad for a while, and he was very involved in my life and extracurricular activities. Then one day I came home from middle school, and he was gone with no explanation. I didn't see him again until I graduated high school. I have other history of men just disappearing from my life, guys I dated or slept with who just vanish out of thin air when they're through with me. It looked like that was happening to me in this situation, so I politely wished him well and asked for one of my belongings back. I just wanted to accept it and move forward. Apparently, that is disturbing. I don't know which part? The fact that I have been through it so much that I feel like it's the norm... and just expect it from guys now? Or the fact that as he put it I "freaked out", even though all my texts were very calm albeit a little dismissive. I guess he was trying to say someone disappearing for an entire day out of no where did not warrant my response.

I'm so fed up. How do I know when someone's intentions are good? I'm used to trusting that they are and giving the benefit of the doubt only to be screwed over. 

I am feeling so discouraged right now and frustrated with my mind, how badly it's been tampered with in the past, and how much work I still have to do on it. I've been getting better and better and working SO hard... I've made a ton of progress in the past two years that everyone close to me has noticed and can attest to. But when things like this happen, it just feels like it's all for nothing. I'm not perfect at it yet. I still make mistakes and jump to conclusions. Sometimes I let fear get the best of me or have flashbacks to past trauma. People just don't understand.

This situation on top of all those from the past just makes me feel like there is absolutely no hope or point for me to engage in any kind of relationship. At this point it just feels like my only choice is to stick it out on my own for as long as I can and cut every one else out. I haven't had suicidal ideation in quite a while until now. I hate this.