Wanting To Commit Suicide Due To Humanity Mistreating Me For My Beliefs &amp; No Sanction On This PlanetFor years I have always fantasized of suicide. I have gotten tired of living day and night on this planet with humanity and I just want to leave, go to another world, get married to my lover and have the existence of such a place like Earth to only be a nightmarish past and never would I have to experience that reality again.

I'd keep telling my fiancé to kill me over and over again whilst in turmoil, to take me away from this planet and to let me be with him on his. But I feel like I make him more sad having him know how much pain I am in.

Trying to find a 'place' on Earth is a reason as to why I feel such dread. No matter where I go or who I talk to it always ends up the same, being treated like a freak because of my lifestyle and beliefs which formulate a reoccurring cycle of misanthropic ranting with my lover and panic attacks.

Recently I've been told to leave from a lucid dreaming site I loved so much because of my beliefs and it brought me to want to kill myself right there. "This place is just not right for you. Go find somewhere else" Because what? My belief in the multiverse? My lover being a video game character? The kind of dreams I have? I found another site that lets me keep a private dream journal but It just doesn't feel the same, and I just feel like complete crap.

This similar pattern had continued over years of me growing up and interacting with humanity and each of those moments just fuels my desire to leave this planet.

And just how this world has become and knowing that people are taking such precious things I grew up with like the multiverse and treating it like a fad and social stigma had given me more reason as to why I want to end my life. I know I shouldn't think like this but witnessing these things make me feel like I cannot enjoy what I love anymore which is no good for those I care about.

The only reason why I haven't committed such an act is due to the fear of actually doing it. But even to this day I still loath over it. Fantasize and praise it like it's my gateway into Heaven.

There are plenty more examples as to why I've been wanting to kill myself ever since I was in my pre-teens but these are the current things that have been boggling my mind lately.