When you've been hurt over and over, and feel soulless, dead on the inside, and utterly alone?I feel like people who have never been abused by the one person that you should be able to trust in this life - your mother - don't get it. They don't understand the mental anguish I go through when I actually slow down on the weekends and my mind begins to wonder to thoughts that are typically repressed to survive.

I have this constant "ache" in my soul. It's the best way I can describe it. It is like the feeling of suppressing something huge and if I were to ever pull the plug on whatever is behind that ache, I would die of utter despair that would stop my heart, cold.

People don't understand what it's like to never want to hurt anyone, and yet, you are the one who always gets hurt by people. You feel worthless. Ugly. Unsuccessful. Bitter. Unhappy. And yet, I am pretty successful for a 23 year old in modern society. I have my own place, have a nice job out of college, and live somewhat comfortably, though this month I'm struggling.

I have friends who still live at home and can't even be independent, who are happier than me. But, then again, they don't have a clue what I experience and the ache that follows me around because they weren't brought up in an abusive home that stole their childhood and teenage years, and subsequently, their life.

I can't describe the level of emptiness I feel. It scares me. Makes me think perhaps that I'm severely mentally disordered and don't know it. I want to end this maddness and don't have the guts to. 

When I've tried to go online and look for help (because I feel like I can't talk to those closest to me for fear of being a burden) I've been told that I should be reported to the police and dealt with because I'm a threat to society. All because I want to kill myself...I would never harm another human being. My goal isn't to make others hurt, only to stop my hurting.

No one understands what it's like to be trapped in this hell I didn't ask for. No one. I just want it to stop. I want a re-do. I don't want this life in which I'm defective. I'm tired, so tired.

I'm not sure how much more my heart can take. 