Killing myself tonightI've been intensely suicidal since I was about 7. There are so many things that make me this way, and I'm seriously going to snap soon. I can't take it anymore; my dad screaming and threatening to whoop my ass all the time, and my mom smothering me to the point that I don't think she'll ever see me as something other than her sweet little baby. I was almost self harm free for a month, but of course I fucked that up and cut again. I hate myself so fucking much, and I hate myself more for even trying to get help and support from anyone. People have told me to my face to kill myself, yet I don't blame them at all. I'm just a fucking selfish asshole even though I don't even think of myself as human. Every single minor inconvenience makes me want to slit my wrists, which of course, only makes me feel absolutely fucking terrible because there are so many people that have it worse off than me. My dad threatened to beat the shit out of me again, though he didn't do it, and I think that's what's really pushing me over the edge. He's a tall, very muscular guy at 6'4, so it isn't like I could defend myself anyways. I want to kill myself so bad, just to end the world's suffering. I'm such a fucking burden, and it's like everything that comes out of my mouth is just more reason to rid them of my existence. My mom is insanely over protective, always insisting on "tucking me in" and kissing me and laying with me. And while that is a lot nicer than being literally beat by your mother, she FORCES me to kiss her. Once, I refused, and she pinned me by my wrists to my bed. I put on such a thick facade that sometimes I don't even know who I am. Nothing I do is actually myself, I'm just pretending for everyone else's sake. People are actually stupid enough to care about me to an extent. Sometimes, I wish it weren't like that, and that they wouldn't be affected by my death. The person that they think they know and love doesn't exist, and nobody knew me before I was how I am. It's not like that matters now; I was just a kid. I'm such a fucking idiot. I hate myself. I'm sorry that this isn't too long, and I'm sorry that it's jumbled around, I've been crying for about three hours and I'm at my wits' end. I love my girlfriend more than I've ever loved anything, and I'd hate to leave her alone when I'm dead, so this post was just to maybe help me get everything out of my head and be a fucking sensible person. There's so much more to say, but right now I really can't think of anything.
I'm sorry if this worries anyone.