My Ex Committed SuicideSo, this won’t be a short post, and serious comments only. My ex died three months ago, well two weeks away from being four. Our relationship was complex, at best. We had each other’s names tattooed on ourselves. We were insanely close. And, he was probably the only person I’ve ever fully let into my life. I miss him. 
I’m alone in my grieving because I’m his ex. People tell me the worst things, for example “it wasn’t your fault.” “Be glad it happened when he was with someone else. Imagine how you would have dealt.” “You are better off.” I think those things only add to the anger and hurt. My ex was an addict (alas, I am too, though I’m sober). He was in trouble a bit sometimes, but he was a GOOD person, and someone I loved quite dearly. I think people feel justified in saying those things to me because of his past, and what led up to his suicide.

I’m here to say, it absolutely doesn’t justify what they say or think towards me. I also know I played my own role, we hadn’t been broken up really, and truly, but seven months. In those seven months, he relapsed, got with a girl who he let walk on him, and beat him down, and as all addicts go - was living a life of hell. I understand why he did what he did. I don’t have questions, I knew him as well as he knew me.

I’m not given the privilege of being able to openly speak of him. I hurt, and I don’t know when I’ll stop grieving. A song comes on and I ball my eyes out. I pull out letters and my soul burns. Of course, I’m recently married too, and my husband, though a good man, can’t relate. It was and has been the worst experience of my life.

That’s coming from a woman who’s been beaten, abused drugs because she hated herself, survived my own suicidal tendencies, been raped, had seven wrecks, and lost her mother at the age of 3. Not to have a pity party but I’ve had my own sufferings. I know pain, but I can’t seem to deal with his death. I’m just alive. 

There’s the good and the bad days. It just comes in waves. I realized a lot of things. How poorly I treated him in 6 years. How I was too afraid to actually love him and stay - so I left. I always thought there was better. So I found my husband, and my ex, well he let me go. He always did give me the freedom to express who I was and to be free. He always said I wouldn’t settle for less. He was right and I won’t downplay my love for my husband either. He’s wonderful. He really is, and I’m thankful for him. 

I think it stems down to the closeness I shared with my ex. His life was similar to mine. Our worlds mixed in eerie ways. The last time I saw him he hugged me, said he loved me always, and if my now husband messed up he would beat his ass. 

It hurts all over. I think about his mom telling me that “I mustn’t of wanted a piece of shit like him” after we broke up and how upset he was. How he planned to marry me. I think of our good times, our laughs, our talks, and I know I’ve aged 10 years in these 3 months.

Has anyone experienced anything similar? 