This year may be my breaking pointPlease read, I know it's long but please.

I'm 16. Around a year ago, the love of my life(18) left. We could hardly see each other and it was hard on the both of us. It all but killed me. It almost did a few times... I wish I had successfully finished the job. I'm such a failure I couldn't even od right. The break up might have been the worst thing to me, but it was only the beginning of the longest, most painful year of my life. A few weeks later, my sister and I were forced into a New Year's 5 day "vacation" with my mom, little step brother(6), and my mother's husband (step douche or SD). SD has always hated me, he's cussed me out, hit me, screamed at me, threatened me, etc. It went mostly well... Until the last day. My little brother wanted to go on the small ice skating rink. Thing is, I have really, really bad anxiety. This actually keeps me from normal daily activities, and from doing things I enjoy/want to do. There was SO MANY PEOPLE, so skating wasn't an option for me. SD got pissed, yelled at me and called me ungrateful and disrespectful and selfish and told us we were staying yet another day (he knew that would set me off, I hate being around them) and i lost it. I told him, "f*ck no we aren't I'm sorry for my language but I can't do this anymore." And walked away. We soon left, the ride to the hotel was silent. We got there, me and my sister started packing. Here comes the hell. SD starts screaming again telling me and my sister to get the **** out of his ******* hotel room, blah blah, and he starts coming up the stairs. I run to the bathroom connected to my sister's bedroom and lock the door while she locks the bedroom door... God knows what would've happened if we didn't. He beats on the door, screaming and threatening us, saying very violent things. He's still beating on the door, kicking it, screaming, then calls the cops to come remove us for trespassing. My mom secretly called them back and quickly explained the situation. My little 6 yr old brother was crying telling us to please come out of the room so his dad would stop yelling. This absolutely broke me to hear. I didn't open the door. The police came, were super nice, helped us out and carried mine and my sisters stuff, and took us to the head office of the hotel about 2 minutes away. We waited 4 hours for my dad to drive there and pick us up. A few months later, I was put on a new medication (anxiety and depression stuff) and it ended up making me have 4 seizures. One at home alone after school, one at school (the only one they took me to the hospital for), another at home alone (thankfully on my bed this time, still broke stuff on my side table, busted my lip, bit my tongue HARD, and had a know on my head), then the last one while I was asleep. I'm failing my classes, I failed my driving test (I got it the 2nd time tho so I have my license now!), everyday is full of yelling, I have to give my Axolotl away cause I can't take care of him properly, my friend tried to overdose... Me and my ex still talk sometimes. Very rarely though. We were supposed to get back together when I turned 16. He'd be able to drive then, have his own place. When he told me there was hope for us I had reason to live again. I felt happiness again. But his mom was hospitalized and he got evicted. He had to move even farther away. We didn't get back together because of this. He told me he still wishes there could be something between us again, but because of the distance, there can't be. 

I don't want to be here for so many reasons. There isn't a day that does by that I don't think about him or daydream what could be. I have dreams about him. In my dreams I'm so unbelievably happy, then I wake up to reality. I want to die so fucking badly. It hurts so bad..