I'm ready to give up (long post sorry)I’m 22 and have been very depressed for most of my life. I tried therapy and didn’t like it because I don’t like to talk about what’s going on to someone like that. I just feel like a burden. I tried antidepressants but all it did was just give me more energy to actually try and kill myself, not take the pain away. I am in college and I'm terrible at it. I'm going to graduate with like a 2.5 GPA with a political science (useless, especially with my GPA) degree and I know I am just disappointing my grandparents and parents because they were all very successful and I just appear lazy and not as smart as them. I kind of just drift from day to day now. I feel empty and the only emotion I really feel anymore is just sadness. I've been living in this fantasy world for years because I know it can’t hurt me and I can escape the emotional pain for a little while. It feels like I’m shouting and praying for help or an answer to a question I can’t put into words. Things haven't gotten better after years, even with medication and therapy. I'm just tired of being tired.

The last two years have been unbearable for me. I am a senior in college and I don't think I can finish or honestly don't think I'll be alive to graduate. I keep telling myself to just do it but I can't. In the last few years I have had a girlfriend of 6 months cheat on me and a girlfriend of a year break up with me out of the blue, which made things worse than they have ever been. I did not cope with either of them well, and they really ruined my self esteem and caused a lot of mental anguish and isolation. My memory is completely gone. I don't remember a lot of nights in college, not from alcohol or other drugs but just from pure mental fatigue. I don't remember things people tell me like 5 mins later or even being some places some nights. I'm usually the happy go lucky guy with a smile and a joke, but I think it's how I choose to not be depressed all the time. Most of the time I just want to cheer other people up cause I know how terrible feeling like this is. My grades throughout college have been nothing better than complete dogshit, and I'd be lucky to find a job with my liberal arts degree after this. My future looks terrible, I have absolutely no hope left for myself, and I am a complete train wreck. I can't sleep, my appetite is either everything in the fridge or nothing for days, I can't concentrate on shit and I can't even get myself to leave my house for class, knowing I need to be there. 

My parents know there is something wrong but I don't like talking to them because my mom treats me so different about it. Our relationship the past few years has been less than ideal (not bad, just not exactly great) because she is so condescending about it; she treats me like a 5 year old with a skinned knee. The symptoms I've been experiencing plus outside factors such as school and romantic relationships have just about pushed me to my breaking point. I don't necessarily want to die but I can't bear the constant pain and mental fatigue anymore. I don't see things getting better. It's been years and it's the exact same. And now I'm about to leave the cushy life of college for a real job and adulthood which I know I can't handle.

I'm sorry for the long post, I needed to vent about it. It's been consuming my life the past few years, robbed me of good times and stopped me from making good friends and memories. I feel terrible for anyone who has to feel this way (yeah yeah that sounds selfish idc). That all being said, I'm scared of myself sometimes. There have been a few pretty close calls. Death to me isn't scary at all anymore, and sometimes I pray for it. 

I know I need help and should be seeking it somehow. I feel like I’ve tried my best but all I’ve gotten is silence. It hurts so fucking bad and I’m ready to give up.