Built a prison around myself. I like it. Only way to keep myself in it seems to be to off the warden. Shaky hands, shaky mind.28 yrs old. Male. Live at home with mom. No job.No car. Hell, no license (and you need one in rural settings) Not left house in 11 years further than the curb. - Few exceptions, less than 2-3 a year. No friends, no girlfriend, no sex,no lust for life,love of anything. Have had all in my teenage years, found myself a lot happier when it began to all unravel and I didn't need them or have to worry myself with their weight. Weren't really such good friends anyway, more like tolerable company. Always had to pretend to be someone I wasn't with them and was glad to see the pretense end.

Not Amish, but pretty rural. I obviously have a great dislike and distrust of most people and prefer to be spend as little time around anyone I don't know as possible. The company of others is my idea of hell. In any setting, shopping,driving,eating. I'm just never comfortable. Not a violent bone in me, not an ounce of patience either. I believe I have a fair sense of understanding, and I assign no importance to the choice or tastes of others. So I'm not a bigot, just a touch hateful in the deepest parts maybe.
I know I'm sub par when it comes to caring. With rarest exception, I don't.

Timeline

1-13. I hardly remember. Rainbow stuff. Cartridges,friends,birthdays parties,vacations, happy family stuff.

14-15 Angst. Discovery. Great times with "bad crowds". Scoldings,warnings, invincibility, testing boundaries, being Mr. Agreeable/pushover and having a lot of friends blowing along with the slightest winds.

16. Consequence. Some of my friends pushed it too far. Background character I was, I was along. Not involved but I wasn't going to walk from something like this * which I'm not going into*. A few of them still have decades more of consequence. It worked out the judge  saw the evidence, heard testimony, concluded I was meekish, I had golden boy grades,was involved in volunteer work and various other niceties. I got off easier. I spent one year  in what was basically a youth prison.

This place was poor. Handful of guards, no library, no computers, no television, a basketball goal outside - but I never got to go outside, and some 2 player board games in a slightly larger empty white room than the cell. Some 50 cells in the boys unit, and at most I would get 2-3 other inmates maybe every 3 months who would be in for a few weeks. It was isolation. White everything. Sunlight through some  window's in the cells  too small and high up to see out of.

Near the only contact I had was with a voice through an intercom/speaker system of some kind telling me to leave the slightly larger rec room and go to my cell or to turn around,face into the wall so they could put the food tray on a table. Don't even remember the faces of anyone. A literal white out in my mind. They didn't even turn the lights out of the cells at night. I think looking back I had a yr. long solitary experience but instead of darkness I got constant light to torment me. Not like I'm a fucking vampire or anything but I hate bright fluro lights and being out in bright sunlight.
Nicest part was asides from the rare company to play checkers and attempt to teach chess with was the girls unit. You could sometimes hear them screaming,swearing, and kicking louder and more of a stereotype than anything you would hear on Jerry Springer. Most beautiful sound in the world at that time, had given them a goddess imaging although reality was I'm sure closer to Big Ellie from Borderlands. After a while though any noise that cut through the white blind just elicited a near panic response. 

So the year that felt like an eternity ended. I went back to school. I broke all over again. The noises,the background noise of people talking that should be just static I was hyper sensitive too, heard and remembered almost every nothing conversation around me muddling together, the sheer number of people just on the ride over, looking at the traffic, it was too much. Every interest I should have, getting license,getting a car, getting a job,career,college,getting a new girl,making some new friends, I wanted out. Refused every invitation extended to me to go out and do something until well they got the point and moved on. I dropped out of school, holed up in my dark room and just sat and read. Found a lot of great movies,shows,games. Kept my mind busy because I was very close to acting on suicidal thoughts. Started rediscovering how some of my party things could be medicinal for me and all I felt was going on. So picked up some bad habits.

Drifting on to 18 my Dad died. That's when well a lot of my family went from thinking I was in some unfashionably  late spell of angst
to being an asshole/weirdo. I didn't show much emotion at the funeral,he pretty much stopped talking to me besides a greeting or a light hearted face planted in newspaper decide to come down? once I got caught up things earlier. We didn't have a tent at the burial and it was a sunny day and I just walked from the service, round and round a far off shaded part with trees. The people,the situation, I couldn't cope I had to go off. So there is me to my family signed and sealed as a lazy,rude asshole in their minds.

19,20,21- more,more,more of the same. Had inherited a little money from dad,kept my entertainment budget up,fueled a growing drug problem. Knew some people, they delivered. Small markup - not very responsible with money or anything at this point. Managed to invest some of it once the dents in it got visible and the thought hit me I can't afford to entertain myself forever. Easy to wise up for some things.

22- Mom gets sick. No not of me (my parties are awfully quite and awfully sad and my mood to her/helping her around the house is respectful enough). Alzheimer's. She's of sound mind. My siblings are off on their own way I'm the hang about. Faith,hope,prescriptions. My help isn't needed, I go continuing my own downward slope.

23,24,25- My drug problems have gotten bad. After countless micro cycles of withdrawal and giving in my mental state is no better than it was when I was 16. My drugs of choice get hard to find in my hermit life.  I've started using anything I can get my hands on which around here was the worst choices. It shows. If I dare to grin or smile it shows. I'm even more locked up because I'm not accustomed to this intense energy and hyper reactive rage. I'm aware,so I keep distance but its a new source of entertainment for myself and I like it. Moms showing too. Whatever barrier existed that prevented a heart to heart has been forgotten along with other things. She opens up to me, tells me she is worried about me and what she is worried about. Her mom had the same disease. Her sisters put her mom in a nursing home and it frightened her so much waking up to nothing familiar in those sparks you still know yourself and have an idea of what should be but isn't. Her Mom died slow,confused,and with strangers. She felt guilty, that she had been put through hell and she didn't even visit because how it felt to see her and now she was going through it herself and with the same sort of children. Me and my madness, my eldest brother who is far removed and all about the money, my elder brother who makes me look like a puritan come vices and sister who lives nearby and helps by bringing groceries when I make the call and list and throw some money for them, but busy with her family would not be wanting to care for her in the state.

Basically she tells me her hell,winding up like her mother. She wants to live her days out in her home.

I g0t clean. At home. I sweated it out,lost more of my mind. I basically did a "light therapy" on myself. We had a cheap tanning bed that gets very bright. It's sort of a trigger for me, I get overwhelmed with panic or fight/flight which overrides whatever I'm feeling and enough time mentally numb which keeps it from popping up for a while. Got me over the worst moments the rest was just hell.

25-27 I'm clean and taking care of her. I get my mouth fixed, and begin to take care of health. Cooking,cleaning, trying out remedial medicines in addition to the scripts to lessen the mental degradation because she's sinking hard. Still lack any ambition or purpose but I haven't noticed it as much. Very busy paying off a moral debt to her, only decent thing I've done in my life.

28-now..the problem. She's dying. Matter of months now. I've taken up drinking pretty heavily. Siblings have said so much house/land will be sold. Scowling hatred from my eldest brother for not sending her to a nursing home/her hell/ I'm why she's dying. So that's nice and he's out to fucking destroy me. Sister doesn't share his hatred but she pretty much wants the weight of grocery shopping for us also off her back and has ambitions for the money with her family. Other brother, I don't know he's hard for anyone to reach and likely not long for this world either.
 I have enough money from a mostly frugal lifestyle and luck with investments from way back when dad died to buy myself whatever education I want. I'm not even prepared for some of the basics of life,fiscally yes, mentally no. I still don't have any love of anything,frankly it's a full time job for me keeping my hate of self and the albeit smaller than most others world around me down to a level "disdain".

I'm aware of necessities, I don't stand entranced by hopes and dreams. I doubt I have the patience or time to dedicate to a career or lifestyle I could life with myself doing if not love (it's not)  I know what my plan should be, but is it really so wrong to prefer death when you look at life and don't see any positive, only slim potential for tolerance. I mean once my moral debt is paid, how could I possibly go about tending to my own books when for more than 12 years it's been a fight between ignoring them and burning them? I've had many failures as a person in my choices in the eyes of all I'm sure but the failure I see is that I'm still alive when I so desperately wish to do. It's a failure of fear. On one hand fear preserved my sanity and left me more man than monster. On the other it is the sole force that keeps me from acting to give myself what I want and likely deserve.

How the fuck do you reconcile these thoughts?
Sorry for the "book", my fingers must still be tweakers, and I thought it better to be thorough and honest than I'm :(  place where is the :) place although its what it boils down to ha.


