My life For the past 7 YEARSI wanted to start from the begging. It all started in High school my senior year, my mom moved away with her boyfriend so I was living with actually my friends grandma, my Jr year into and ending my senior year with living with my friends grandma. ...... I remember the day like it was yesterday my friends grandma said I counsels live in her house after high school. It must have been a trigger point in my mind because from that point in time I’ve had suicidal thoughts since! I guess when she said that I felt like what will I do I don’t have anywhere to go I don’t have money I felt hopeless &amp; alone. I just feel like I could die bc at least I won’t have all these burdens and worries bc I didn’t know what to do. Since then I’ve been on my own .... but I’ve been in my own my whole life never had my dad in my life my mom was never there for me I suffer from depression in my mind very severely! It’s gotten worse over the years the first time I attempted suicide was by poisoning of carbon monoxide from a car I had a hose started the car and let it run. Then I decided to live. After that I opened up to my friend of what I deal with  &amp; he helped me so much but then his girlfriend thought we were getting to close &amp; I couldn’t talk to him anymore. At that point I felt the lowest I have ever felt in my life I went and bought a gun to put to my head and pull the trigger. The cops stepped in bc I mistakenly  called the suicide  hotline!  I was 51/50 and since then I’ve learned not to rely on the suicide  hotline the results for me were worse! Since then I’ve put over time razor blades to my wrist I’ve tried to cut my wrist and bleed out but I don’t want it to hurt! I wanna not be here because the pain in my mind is to great to l handle. I’ve never had a girlfriend I’m 25 years old a lot of the time I feel so Low at points in my life I always think about just getting a gun on the streets to put to my head and pull the trigger! MY WHOLE dam life I’ve felt abandon betrayed out of all the friends I’ve had I feel like I have nobody ... nobody calls me to see how I am nobody cares I guess . I pray to god till tears roll down my face to take this away from me it’s to much to handle please god take this away from me! I’m writing this to hopefully raise awareness about depression and suicide and reaching out for help please help I just want someone to talk to that could be helpful ! I lost my friend in dealing   With this his girlfriend thought I was gay for him because he was helping me with this .... which is silly because I thought my life was worth more than someone thinking that whole ordeal! I don’t wanna be here because I hurt in my mind and I can’t get away from this feeling ! I feel so hurt that my friend left and that was a year ago I care about that dude so dam much I luckily still get to hit him up and say hi! Please someone help me just want someone to talk to! Please help I don’t wanna hurt in my mind anymore ! Please feel free to message me thanks !