**update** Yesterday I swallowed 150 AdvilI was requested to do an update so here it is. (it's very long)

I woke up after four hours and then vomited for the next 6 hours. my husband wouldn't let me sleep until i could keep down some liquid and some food. I managed to keep down half a glass of water and half of a piece of toast. I finally crawled back into bed around 10:30

I woke up this morning, and my husband and I watched movies all day.

I wish it worked to be honest. I still hate living. I've done this and nothing has changed, except now I feel sick. Why didn't it work?! I hate living so much! Its so painful! I just want to die!

logically I know I should go to the hospital so I'm safe, but then I won't get a chance to die again. I just don't want to. I wish I was dead

for those who know, I talked with him about a dog. We agreed that if we can manage to afford living costs on all his paycheck and I am no longer required to work, I can get a Sheltie. It isn't my first pick, but Shelties are so CUTE! and smart! and sweet and adorable. I fell in love with them too. We have a breeder already, it's the same one my cousin uses and has known for the last twenty(?) years, she's had at least 3 dogs from them. She swears by them. (no shelter dogs, not that i'm against shelter dogs, there just aren't very many in our area, we have more people to adopt dogs then there are dogs to adopt, so it's not likely to find what my husband is looking for)

As far as that's concerned that's another 6 years away unless a miracle happens. lol anyone want to give me $44,000? I just wish I never followed god, that's what got me here. I followed him, went to school believed it was his will (I should have followed my head, not my heart, my stupid heart always gets me into trouble). My heart cried out in pain and I listened, I swallowed all those pills. I just want this living nightmare to end. When will it end?

before you ask "have you tried X?" that's a YES, YES i have tried X. I have been depressed since I was 7, my first suicide attempt was when I was 11. I developed anorexia after that attempt, as a way to just "waste away, and fade into nothingness" I thought it would be less painful for the people who loved me. I got scared when I was 17 I grew two inches in one summer and lost over 10lbs. I was 5'9 and weighed 88lbs. So I started to "eat" by eating I mean, I had more than toast for a meal, maybe two slices. Then I met my exbf he started off great, then he started drinking, and getting manipulative and abusive. I one day all of a sudden, decided that I was going to start cooking for myself and making better eating decisions. I don't know what clicked in my brain but something did. I started making better and better decisions over the next year. 

Finally the ex got sick, I mean really sick, and he still refused to stop drinking. So I left. I went home and ask my mom if i could have my old room back. My brother had brought me to his church because I needed some good people in my life and new friends who weren't into drugs. (I did them once sometimes twice a month) Right around now I start getting help, meds, therapy, everything. Religion was the best drug ever. I went to school for 3 years at an expensive bible college. But after reading and rereading the bible and starting to ask real questions at school, and at church, and no one had answers for me. "why is infanticide ok in the old testament if god is the same yesterday today, and tomorrow?" "why would god punish innocent children for their parent's sake?" there is no answer from them, Christians are excellent at dodging questions. I'd swear they train you to do it, like mild brainwashing.

In my final semester my dad gets really sick. a major heart attack 3 of 4 chambers shut down. He wasn't around when we were kids, but as an adult he and I were working on our relationship. I had already forgiven him for a lot of shit. So I went out there and took care of him for 6 weeks. It was hard. I had no money, nothing but the clothes on my back and what was in his house. I took care of him, nursed him for weeks, it was Saskatoon, in the middle of winter just before christmas at -40 plus windchill. I survived on people's kindness and good natured hearts. He took advantage of my love and kindness, and then got angry at me over something ridiculously stupid. I was crying because I was upset I missed christmas with my family, and boxing day with my other family (my husband's side). He started screaming at me for no good reason. and before you say "oh but he was sick" he does this on a regular basis. he would get upset and scream at me because I needed a break to look after me. He even told me that the reason he ever had kids was that we were to look after him when he was old. then said it again when he got better. 

I didn't talk to him for two years after that. 

I came home new years day, I took a week, then went back to school. I failed miserably. I just couldn't finish. I had no money left, I had a slight job prospect. then got fired. why? because I couldn't finish school. Even though I had already been working for them for months prior. So after months of looking and searching for anything in my field there was nothing (oh did I forget to mention? the school had publicly apologized to us that they had lied about how many positions were available? they told us that there was such a high demand for us that we would all get a job before we finished, then find out that there were over 6000 people for 2000 jobs in our province...)

sigh.. I took a job at walmart. not that it was a bad job in particular, it was good for me at the time. lots of time to think and heal. I needed it. I got sick eventually because it was a night shift job, made me quit. but I got married a month later to my best friend.

Here's a heart warming tale: I looked at myself seriously, and made a list, who am I and what do I have to offer in a relationship? then what am I looking for out of my partner? Well that would be my husband. he's sweet, kind, gentle, just an awesome guy. He's supportive as much as he can be. His faults would be that he works too hard, and doesn't communicate very well, and over weight. I'm not sure what I offer him other than tell him and show him to the best of my ability that I love him. I never let a day go by without saying i love him, giving him a kiss, asking how is he doing that day, and telling him how much I deeply appreciate how hard he works.  (even if it's a fault, lol). Every Day I do these things. 

back to my tale. I asked him for coffee, I was prepared to splay my heart on the table and tell him that "I think I'm in love." Well did I ever get the surprise of my life! He showed up at my house with flowers, hand picked from the garden. Then he took me to an extreme air park. then he took me for sushi at the most wonderful place. we lucked out that night, no idea when we walked in how lucky we were until the next time we tried to go... then we walked back to his car, and he told me the night wasn't over. He grabbed a blanket out of his trunk, and we went to the beach and watched the stars come out. I said "this is nice," "yeah it is, we can have more of this, you know" he replied. "yeah I'd like that" then he kissed me, and held my hand until it got too cold. He was so romantic. 

fast forward a year,  depression is starting to come back on me like a slowly dying horse on top of me. The job I was at was just toxic. I finally made the decision to leave, and find another job.  I had a couple shit jobs to make ends meet until I find flagging. I found I was good at it, and things were going well. I had a rocky start, had to switch companies. My dad is back at home, my mom is looking after him and is getting overwhelmed. So I started looking after all the doctor appointments. everything is ok. sure I missed a lot of work because of him, but work was working me so hard that I welcomed them as a break.

so a year and a half later, I start having accounting problems at work. I'm not getting paid correctly, my boss is completely ignoring the issue, for 4 months! I found a lump in my breast, and things with my dad are getting worse. So enter for the FIRST TIME in my LIFE, lets all welcome ANXIETY! I had my first panic attack at work on October 26, 2016. I had no idea what was happening! I thought for a moment I was having a heart attack, and dry heaving at the same time. So I gathered myself up, I texted my boss (our industry's form of communication, not in the slightest weird or anything) and quit. I talked with my road crew who knew *some* of the story, as they liked me and were trying to recruit me, I told them that I needed some time off to take care of things. They respected that, and let me go 2 hours early. I spent the next two hours at a starbucks waiting until I had calmed down enough to drive home. 

And this leads to 4 months of my recovery. I desperately try and find new work as my benefits ran out, I go back to the job that caused anxiety in me until I find something better. And that lead me to yesterday.  I had found a gov't program that pays me minimum wage to spend time in a classroom to get 5 certifications. it's a neat program. But it didn't come soon enough I guess. it doesn't start till after easter, I still need money coming in. So I had taken the job. Until last week I could honestly say "I never missed a day of work because of depression" I had prided myself on being able to work through it. But lately I can't anymore. I just am too tired. I can't keep it up anymore. I don't want to anymore. 

this year, I became my dad's power of attorney, He's no longer able to get up and about. He was bed bound for months. He's only now just starting to walk again after breaking his knee cap. This led to the obvious conversations about money, and what he wants done with it. things got heated and he told me "you're not worth the money!" I told him "nobody loves you!" I felt awful about what I said. I was stressed out, tired of his verbal abuse, tired of hearing that I'm a terrible daughter for not visiting more "I'm sorry dad, I work 6 days a week, and I still come by twice a week! I work 12 hour days! GET OFF MY BACK!"  Later I called him up after I cooled down. I apologized for my behaviour. He didn't. He expected me to take all the blame and kiss his ass and tell him what a terrible person I am for having said such things. That was the last time I spoke to him. Last time I will ever speak to him. I don't think I'll bother showing up at his funeral. Mostly I've moved on from this. I'm still dealing with the hurt. It isn't as tender, not so fresh even though that was only in February. I've forgiven him, but I'm never going to accept his abuse again.

I know my story isn't as sad as some, I've never been raped, or physically abused. I have been neglected my entire childhood though, I needed serious help when I was a child, but never got any. But it isn't that sad, I'm just sick. Its an illness that has plagued me my whole life. My mom had depression, still does, but doesn't recognize it. My dad was never there, and the few times when he was he was verbally abusive. 

I'm just tired. I'm tired of fighting, of trying, of never getting better, of seeing professional after professional after professional, 9 of them in total! so yeah I've tried X, I've tried everything I can think of. I've tried everything I've found on the internet that *might* help. I've tried everything that the doctors have prescribed. Yes my husband knows, He was there yesterday when he found me in the tub with a knife after I woke up. (I didn't want to survive!) I am just DONE.

Edit: added a line to the dog paragraph, and fixed a number I weighed 88lbs not 98