Typing something out before I sleepMan, the day was stressful. I really find myself scared of what I do feeling that. I can take a shower and feel flabbergasted that such actions could've existed.

I don't know what happens when people get older. They join causes. They become activists. They become conspiracy theorists. It happens to ALL OF THEM! They all think they're living works of fiction. Listen to them TALK! It's not that fiction imitates reality. It's that people imitate fiction. Maybe, though, you'll ask them "what's realistic about movies" and they'll say "NOTHING!" Okay, so why are they all afraid that "reality is movies?"

How is Rugrats "worse for kids" than an R-rated movie or a porno? Hell if I know. The topless beach I was once taken to remains my worst enemy. Just a few hours there twenty years ago and what are people MOST hyperbolic about? Sex. Can't they talk normally? Each time I'm asked about "topless beaches," I know what to expect. They sure have it wrong when I don't want to deal with their obsessions over "lady nipples not being acceptable in this nation."

When people get older, at least here, they start to complain about this nation. They cry about "the better cultures." I sure HAVE been told "I've been sympathetic toward the enemy" for saying that "I don't care." 

They have existential crises about whatever corporations get to be trendy. Apparently, they lose their childhood happiness.

I wasn't the kind of kid who was going to discover PBS on my own. Turned out that when kids got older and "PBS was for babies," I couldn't recite jack shit from those shows. Being a toddler, I had hated people associating me with those shows.

People my age are fixated on nostalgia. I don't feel any nostalgia. When people got older and they had gained political views, I couldn't take part in that. Of course, I couldn't. When I had been a child, some things were far better than cartoons had been. It didn't mean they were good, but that didn't stop people from referring to me as a boy genius.

On top of all this, I have family that doesn't treat me well.

Each day, I put on the act and I'm sure visibly distressed. I don't want to deal with each day. Everything is nothing. Nothing is anything. That's not philosophy.

This gives me an inability to truly feel hatred or to understand everyone having "morality" fits. I'm always observing this humanity zoo. I'm never wanting to live.