I'm just gonna dump all my shit on this one post (it's probably gonna be long and make no sense)I got this idea, some people aren't worth saving. like some poeple are just too fucked up or fucking useless. I'm kind of that way. actuslly no I'm very that way. actually no I'm kinda of. I'm not going to hit backspace. or at least I won't as much as I can. i won't delete unless it's a typo or whatever. or if I forgot to say something. also there will be a lot of typos because I do that every time

I dream about fucked up shit all the time. you know like when you watch some weird porn and in the moment ur like "wow that's hot" but then you climax and ur like "what is this filth" that's me every time I come.out of my uhhhh idk what to call it tbh. but basically I don't even realize how fucked up it is until it passes because I feel it my double ants it so bad. and it's some fucked up shit usually like I had a dream where I stabbed myself to death like this girl had attempted suicide but I caught her and I took her knife (she used a knife not a razor) and a couple friends lifted her from the tub and I stared at the knife and then stabbed myself and my friends screamed like what the fuck and I pulled it out and stabbed myself again and I collapsed and died rather quickly and I was a ghost watching them freak out and I was smiling idk why probably because it felt like someone gave a shit and I loved the sound of their screams I never cry but I wish I could all the time.i only listen to sad or angry music like thrash metal or shoegaze  and shit and I watch sad movies and play sad video games and read subreddits about dead people and watch people die and i used to masturbate to it wishing it was me and someone would fucked my corpse and upload it to Reddit but I don't do that anymore because I hardly ever masturbate and I have a girlfriend now and I wish I could kill myself and she'd find me and cry on my body and it would be sad that's fucked up right I want her to be happy or maybe I want her to feel like me and that's why I'm dating her since she has attempted suicide I feel like she's like me in a way but I've never attempted because whenever I attempted it will be a success I don't go halfway I want to get a canvas and shoot myself in the head and mayebbeven do it on video so people can watch it spatter on the canvas like a painting maybe sell it for money like art. I also dream about fucking screaming girls and fucking corpses and having my corpse fucked and being stabbed to death and having my death eb love streamed online but I just realized it never ha smt face in it because I fucking hate my face and whenever I look in the mirror I never rsocnizjne it and I fucking hate he way it looks and I want to cut the flesh off my face so I won't look at it anymore  and I wish my friends would stop posting my fucking face and making me look at it and letting everyone look at it. itsfucked up to dream about rape, irl I'm not that guy at all. I don't even touch people really and consent is a big thing for me yknow I don't touch people when they don't wanna be but when it's late at night and I don't have to deal with the sun anymore I drama about rape and stabbing them to deaths ND fucking the corpse how fucked up is that I think to myself well it's whatever because I'm not fucking crazy you know but like rapists probably didn't think they're crazy either but they did it so maybe I should get help or say something so I don't turn into scum of society or maybe I could stab myself on video and Kiev stream it I've thought about ways to make sure it makes it online I fucking hate when I'm watching videos of suicide and the camera quality is absolute dog shit I wanna see brains in 1080p i guess I guess fucking fuck I should stop though I just realized idk if I'm even putting in punctuations I think I tried at first but my thoughts are just raving right now and I can't handle it and I don't give a fuck and when I get angry I fantasize about hunting down whoever has done me wrong and fucking with them before killing them like slashing their tires one day trashing their home the next rearranging shit leaving mysterious notes things like that until they're paranoid as fuck and then finally killing them or even just leaving them to live after fuckin with them but tbh it's probably short man syndrome or whatever because I'm kinda short and I heard that makes u get angry really easily at stupid shit. 

I'm done that's all for now. I left out a lot but that's because my fingers aren't fast enough to type what I wanted to say, I was typing as fast as I could non stop and it wasn't enough ahhhhh. 

I doubt anyone will read this (especially not thru) but if u do then I promise I'm not crazy and if u wanna ask something pls do because I like talking to people and answering questions