What can I do?For around 2 years now, I've been feeling depressed, which has eventually got so bad from bottling up that I exploded with emotion and my parents brought me to see a doctor. Eventualy I began seeing a psychologist in school who was great and really did make me feel somewhat better, but now after being off school for about two months on holdiays, I've gone back to my original state if not in a worse one.

One of the big influences of my life is the internet and computer games. I spend a lot of my time isolated in my room browsing the internet or playing games, which I will admit does leave me feeling lonely, but I have friends online who understand me and my out of my small group of proper friends I only know 2 in real life. My Dad has been talking to me alot lately about socialising more and coming out of my room to talk with my parents, but I simply am not a social person and it just doesn't 'click' with me. I don't enjoy general conversation and talking to people much so it leaves me in an ongoing cycle of isolation and feeling bad.

I must point out that I do enjoy most of my time spent on the computer and the internet has really introduced me to some new aspects, but I definitely believe I am addicted. Another thing I must point out is that there is nothing wrong with my life, it's me who is the problem. This leads me often to feel that my case of depression is not as important as others and it is just stupid.

I have a very low self-esteem and tend to give up almost all of the time. I am interested in politics, music and computers but I know I am not good at either of them. Another problem I face is the lack of a goal, I want to drop out of school as soon as possible, I'd be happy to never go back in fact. I feel school is me wasting my time learning stuff I don't want or need. I don't want a high paying job or any materialistic things. I'd actually like to live without a house and have minimal possessions. These factors leave me thinking what is the point of me living life without a goal and especially considering that if I don't kill myself then I will die eventually, so there's not much point.

Lastly, I continue to live as I don't want to leave my family or the girl I love feeling terrible and alone.

Don't even know if anyone will waste their time with this, but that's all I can think of right now.

Thank you