PLEASE HELP: I'm so self destructive that I'm going to ruin my life and I hate being alive.Hey guys. I'm posting this as I sit in my bed crying. I am completely out of ideas and completely hopeless.

In middle school I got a 4.0 GPA. I was in advanced classes and I was the teacher's pet and I did all sorts of extracurricular activities. I found my friends in middle school and I did really well. I procrastinated a bit but not much.

In high school I earned a 3.75 GPA. I procrastinated chronically but I always got things in on time even if it meant pulling three all nighters in a row (I do *not* recommend this). I always started things last second and turned them in right as I finished them at the latest possible moment. As time went on, this habit got worse and worse until I was emailing my teachers begging for an extension on my projects. I'm a teacher's pet, I'm extremely good at communicating, and I'm pretty convincing. These things all led to my teachers usually allowing me extra time to turn things in. And when I got my work in, it was exceptional and above and beyond expectations. I overacheived to compensate for my lateness. By my senior year it was pretty bad and I started not asking for extensions because I was so afraid to ask for too many. I did not want to risk coming across as lying or lazy. But it didn't ruin my GPA because I had a 4.0 all the way until junior year and I got decent grades in my junior year.


My freshman year of college left me with an abysmal 2.75 GPA. I didn't ask for extensions anymore because by then I became unable to get things turned in even if I had a large extension. I became incredibly depressed and nihilistic during my freshman year. I never left my dorm and all I did was sleep and watch YouTube to distract myself from the pain in my heart. Many a night saw me sobbing into my pillow and wishing I could just die. I failed my English class because I was so afraid of the final paper that I never even touched it.

My first semester of my sophomore year went pretty much the same way. I retook English and did extremely well up until the final paper, where I got farther along than last year but eventually became too terrified of it to continue, and I failed the class again. I had to pursue medical hardship withdrawal from philosophy because I missed so much class due to being so depressed and hopeless that I could never make it to class. I was surprisingly happy for the first half of that semester. I just detached myself from the pain I felt over not being able to do anything right. It caught up with me when finals week came along and I couldn't do anything to save my grades anymore. I got a 1.67 GPA.

I'm now in my second semester of my sophomore year. I'm on academic probation, which just means I have to meet with my academic advisor every other week and I'm not allowed to get more than one grade below a C. Unfortunately my advisor is extremely unhelpful and sometimes actually harmful. She has advised me incorrectly many times now. She doesn't really understand me either. I told myself this semester would be different. But then again, I also told myself that before every other semester. I'm about 8 weeks in and it's time for midterms. I've missed countless classes and I have done absolutely none of my work.

I'm going to fail again. I have a phobia of my work that neither I nor anyone else in this entire earth seems to understand. I have a job in IT (my major is CIS) and I do perfectly well in that job. I have no issues getting things done on time and I have kept the job for over a year now. One would think that how you do in school is predictive of how you will do in the "real world", but clearly that's not true in my case. I am not stupid. I got very high SAT scores and I have a great scholarship. As I hope you can tell from this post, I am also not bad at writing. That is why it pains me so much to fail classes like English and get such a low GPA. All I want to do is learn. I love to learn more than anything. My issues are not due not wanting to learn.

My college is unbelievably expensive and my parents are only paying for part of it (that is, if I graduate). The pressure from this is incredibly hard to bear the weight of. My parents don't understand me and only make me feel more worthless when I say anything about my schoolwork to them so I end up having to hide everything until it finally comes out at the end of the year that "surprise, your daughter is a complete failure again!".

To make matters worse, I have medical problems that make life even harder (IBS, hemochromatosis, chronic migraines, and narcolepsy). When I start to do well, I am punched down by one of these issues and it takes me a while to get back up again so I miss things while I'm down that make my grades drop all over again.

I have pursued medical treatment for all of my issues. I have gone through many counselors, none of which could help me. I have tried  (and am continuing to try) many medications for my mental health (I have severe ADHD and social anxiety). 

I'm in an endless cycle. I feel like I just want to curl up into a ball and cry forever. No one understands me, no one can help me. It feels like I've been given everything (intelligence, a somewhat wealthy family that loves me, and people who want to help me) but I can do nothing with what has been given to me. I wish I could just "take one step at a time" or "be less hard on" myself. I wish I could believe that "everything's gonna be okay". But I can't. I am useless and self destructive. I have no where to turn. I have tried everything I know of. I am so alone and so angry at myself that I hate myself more than anything in this earth. At this point I truly don't want to be alive anymore.

Is there anyone who has been in a similar situation? Is there anything else I can try?