I asked him for support and he dumped me to join the church instead.Well, here goes nothing. 
I met him at work when I started in November. I knew right away he was special. I opened up to him immediately about my past, and we quickly fell for each other, him asking me out the beginning of December. We had some issues, he hadn’t dated anyone seriously in over seven years and my last relationship was an abusive nightmare so we both were rusty, to say the least. I will admit he was kind of uncaring, going out for dinner with his friends and telling them I had a hard day at work so I wasn’t interested even though I definitely would have come out like they asked, going to visit family in Windsor every weekend without spending a day with me or anything like that, that type of thing. I suspected he was going to move home and leave me, but when I drunkenly asked him about it he said it wasn’t going to happen. Then the discerning stuff came up.
In January, we went away for a weekend trip together, and happened upon a wedding at a church, where the priest was actually someone he knew. He ended up telling me that he moved away from home because a lot of people were telling him that he should be a priest, and he didn’t see that for himself but in moving here he was still having thoughts about it. Me, trying to be the Cool Girlfriend, told him it wasn’t a big deal because we “weren’t serious”, yet I excused myself to cry in the bathroom immediately after because I knew it was probably over. Never told him. That week he jumped from wanting to be a teacher on Monday, to going back to Windsor on Tuesday, to joining the priesthood on Saturday, so I figured he was just freaking out about his purpose, which I understand because I went through it a year ago and honestly don’t like our job much either.
Fast forward to Valentine’s Day, we’d been getting closer and closer and I’ll admit, I was in love by this point and figured he was too. So imagine my surprise when I found out he booked off a weekend to go to a come and see event and a nearby seminary. I lost it at work, telling him once my contract is up he won’t have to see me again, crying insanely about how he didn’t care about me. He kissed me and asked me to come over the next morning (I was working the night shift). We talked for sometime, where I asked him where I fit in his life, he had no answer for me. Anyway, the seminary sign up was full, so he wasn’t able to go anyways.
Fast-forward to March. We’ve been talking baby names, **when**, not if we get married, one parent staying home when the kids are young, all that jazz. Then of course, COVID happened. He took self isolation to the extreme, which I thought was strange because we already work together and are considered essential so we work together two-four time’s a week so if one of us was exposed the other probably would already have been too because they’re such close quarters. Anyway, I was supportive, but when Ford announced Ontario would be under quarantine another month, I told him I needed more support from him and that I don’t think I’ll be able to survive another month of this. The next day, he responded that he wanted to meet me after work, which I immediately knew meant we were over. I called him while on my lunch break, basically yelling at him the entire time that I was a joke and a fool and that he was selfish for dating me when he was discerning and never should have asked me out, which I really regret doing now. He texted me that night apologizing while still trying to shift blame off of himself (not onto me though, surprisingly) saying that nothing was my fault and he was a fool for thinking things were okay when they weren’t, which still makes me feel like it’s my fault because if I had been okay he would have been okay. I immediately threw up in the bathroom at work, went home and haven’t been back since. I’m debating quitting tomorrow, but I know with all the COVID stuff I won’t find a new job in my field anytime soon. Which I mean, I don’t enjoy this field anyways so I have no idea what to do but my coworkers are catty bitches and he was the only one I liked to work with so now I’m screwed.
I talked to my life coach yesterday, which made me less wanting to go out and catch corona, but now I feel horrible because she thinks he’s questioning life and having a hard time with quarantine and I wasn’t there for him. I wondered back in January if he was latching on to the priesthood thing because it was the only familiar thing in his life (new town, new job, first time away from his family, first time dating in years) and now I really feel like that’s the case. 
I texted him last night about being heartbroken, because I never actually told him I loved him because I was waiting until after isolation, but now I feel like I’m being manipulative and I just don’t know what to do. I didn’t tell him I love him or anything, it doesn’t matter anyway, he never cared about me, no one does and no one ever will.
Anyway sorry about the novel, I’m sure no one will read this anyways. All I know is I’m not afraid to die anymore. I had my brief taste of perfection in this life, I’m satisfied.