I should have stepped out in front of the trainSo I have very bad anger issues. Probably because I'm pretty sure I had fetal alcohol syndrome, ADD or ADHD. Lost my Mother this year (not Covid related). So  two or three weeks ago I went to IKEA to get a dresser. Because I live in an old house so I have to get one that I put together. Fast forward to last weekend I said something to my SO about helping me put it together. Well my SO got too busy or I didn't bring it up. So I finally brought it up today. Thinking sure this shouldn't need too bad right? So we start putting it together. Had to look at the directions a few times. Finally thought I had it almost done, at least the holder part. I figured that I could finish the drawers later this week. After getting it all together and getting ready to put the top on and I had one of the inside boards installed wrong. This was after I had already flipped it once. I LOST it. I threw down the tape measure and subsequently broke the cover to my drill bit holder. So instead of doing something with my SO (no I would NOT hit my SO... I got into my vehicle to take a drive, after striking my head against the door before I left, yes on purpose. So it's dark now I found a place that I could sit for awhile and just chill out..I started my vehicle up drove the long way home. As I was coming up to this train track the lights were going... I stopped.. then I sat there for a good 2 or 3 minutes while the train was hauling a few feet from me. The train was just about past my position I started screaming I should have pulled into of you... Over and over. The train went on past me. I then realized that I really should have gotten out of my vehicle and just stepped in front of it that way there wouldn't have been a train hitting my vehicle just running over my body. I drove home screaming I should have stepped in front of the train.. I don't know why I didn't. I can still hear trains in my area. Too bad I have a ring doorbell because my SO would know if I left again. I SHOULD HAVE STEPPED IN FRONT OF THE TRAIN..... TL/DR I'm useless and should die but I'm too big of a pussy to actually do it....