Can't even help myselfMy life is nothing but a trainwreck and I'm sitting here burning in the fire not doing a thing about it. Depression has sucked all motivation and energy out of me. A quick rundown of why my life is garbage is that I've been unemployed for over a year now, I'm thousands of dollars in debt that I can't pay off, I'm socially isolated, I'm 20 years old and still living in my mom's house. My days consist of nothing but doing everything my mom orders me to do (which is pretty much everything that would require her to get up from the couch), watching YouTube videos, and browsing social media. 

That's it. Besides eating and going to the bathroom I simply just sit in my room when my mom isn't telling me to do something for her. Speaking of my mom, she tells me "your life isn't that bad. Everyone is depressed nowadays" or "you should be grateful that you have a roof over your head." Which I agree with, but it's hard to appreciate that when all I feel every day is just an underlying sadness/numbness.

I'm starting to fail to see the point in continuing to live. Why should I live this life if it's nothing but pain or numbness? I can't even remember the last time I actually felt 'happy'. I just want to make other people laugh and be happy but for some reason I can't get my shit together. Can't even get a job at McDonald's. I try to get some momentum by watching inspirational videos or reading about how to become more disciplined, but nothing seems to work. 

I don't have the money to get any help for my depression/anxiety, and honestly the last time I had a therapist they didn't really help me out much. I felt the same after my last session as I did going into my first one. I'm just tired of trying all the time to just fall on my face over and over again. I have nobody to turn to, nobody to talk about these issues with. As I said earlier, my mom just dismisses it as "everyone has those problems" then just tells me to do some shit for her. 

I don't know why it's so hard for me to accomplish my goals which consist of being completely independent from my mom, being able to make others happy, being my own boss, and simply being able to wake up in the morning not hating my life. That's all I want. How can I really expect to make others happy when I can't even help myself? I have no discipline. The last friends that I had all labeled me as a lost cause and abandoned me, which I don't blame them for. 

But anyways, I don't know why I wrote all this. I guess it's just a rant. I'm at the end of my rope here figuratively and soon it's going to be literally. Thanks for listening, and if you're reading this I hope you find a way to achieve your dreams cuz you deserve it. Peace out