It's over. It's been for a while.One year ago I made my first submission in here, under a different account of course. Things haven't changed. They just go up and down.

I know all the answers you'll give. I know all the suggestions. I know what I'm supposed to do. 

It's just that I truly have no will anymore. I truly just don't want to. I want out. And this is not even an urge, this is not even an act of desperation. This is me accepting the fact that this life doesn't match my expectations (tl;dr my parents had a couple of successful business when I was young, suddenly I was 18 and my parents and I had nothing left and my brother/sisters partly washed their hands from everything).

My life doesn't match the expectations I had, and there is simply no easy way to fix that. The effort I would have to make to get everything I lost is just too big, and too risky. On top of that, my self esteem is trashed and for good reason. I'm an ugly fuck. I'm 21 and I look 15 tops. I'm not what a man is supposed to look like. Especially when he cries himself to sleep. I hate my job and I've been slacking (sort of) for the past two months and it's like nobody cares. Suddenly, I begin to stress over the huge amount of work I've been accumulating and in turn I feel worse and worse every day. And every job I could get right now would be worse than this. And there still more than a year until I finally get my B.S in Computer Engineering even though I should be graduated by now. But I cannot keep up with 5 or 6 subjects per period plus having to work. And school payments are way too fucking high. And this Saturday on my sister's wedding every fucking body will be asking me "When are you graduating?, How's work?, How come you don't have a girlfriend yet?"

But forget this, I'm just ranting. Nobody cares about my stupid problems. All my live I've been alone. And the only moment I feel *something* is at night when I'm watching porn because deep inside I know this is the closest I'll ever be to someone else. And truth to be told... it doesn't feel as good as it used to.

[intermission] All my life I waited for someone to save me. My manic pixie dream girl. the one that would take me out of this abyss. 

I feel tired and I want to sleep all the time. But... past all this... and I don't feel despair, I don't feel anything. I just feel like, I've consciously made the decision that this I dislike the direction I'm going and going somewhere is impossible or next to impossible. Every change, even the smallest detail, requires money I don't have. And I just to have everything... 10 years ago. 

So. It's over. I don't even know why I'm posting this. I'm not going to kill myself tonight, or tomorrow or next week. But I'm planning things out. I've selected a location (a clichéd one to be honest), I just need to give my doggy the best hair cut ever. I wonder if he'll miss me. Fill the fridge for my parents. Pay the next 6 months or so in bills. Make a list of possessions and who will take them. I don't think my life insurance (issued by my credit card company which I still owe quite something) covers anything, and certainly wont cover suicide. But my 3 year old pension (hahaha) will have to go to someone, even though it's not much.



Listen, I don't know why I'm here. I guess I really needed to let somebody know. I already know the basics. Hit the gym, see a therapist. I can't. It's either money or a shitty schedule that won't let me. I live in shitty country. AFAIK this socialized medicine regime doesn't cover this kind of issues (they'll just send me to a mental hospital) I tried going out jogging but social anxiety quickly caught up on me. And the only difference is that I felt good for a couple of days only to come crashing down again. I'm damaged. From birth. I don't have whatever people have that makes them feel alive. That something that makes them smile when they wake up. That something that makes them want to keep up. Will. That gene is missing on me. 

I just wished I could tell my family "Hey, let me go. I'm not happy. I'm seriously not happy at all. I feel miserable. I die, but the world turns around. There are millions out there. In a rock that is among an infinite amount of stars. On a timeline that you will never even begin to comprehend. I'm insignificant. It really doesn't matter".

(and I'm just warming up)
