I don't think I'm at the point where I'd do it, but I think about it constantly of lateI've had a tough time, especially this last year, and even moreso this last month. I have known a lot of mental pain in my life, but this last month has been acutely horrible and I keep finding myself thinking about suicide. 

I was engaged, and when that ended, it felt right that it did. It was sad for a bit because humans love patterns and we had been in one for years, but the relationship was over long before she moved out. We just drifted apart, and that's okay.

Then, without warning, I thought I had the love of a woman in a way that I never even imagined possible. I wasn't looking for it, but there it was. We connected in a way that I didn't even know I could connect. Then, without warning, it all came crashing down. The details aren't particularly important--I think there's some trust issues on her part and it's a long distance thing, so there's really not much I can do there.

I've never known heartache like this, and I've known heartache. I'm not going to say I've never felt pain like this--I have, but in a different way--but this is so sharp, and I no longer have the resilience of youth and the hope that one day when I grow up, I'll do something amazing. I'm nearly 40 now.

As I said in the title, I don't think I'm at that point, but suddenly it's in my head all day. I don't know what to do about it, and I don't know how to take the edge off the very sharp pain that I feel constantly whenever I do or see or listen to anything that I used to enjoy. By all accounts I'm an accomplished enough professional, but I give zero fucks about that. It pays the bills but does nothing for me, so it's not like I can take comfort in those things (though I do appreciate having like...housing and food and stuff, for whatever it's worth).

While I know this subreddit requests not advocating for any specific type of therapy, et al., and I'm aware of general options out there (from alcohol to meds to meditation to whatever), I could use some insight on how to overcome these thoughts and this horrible, horrible acute heartache combined with my standard feelings of general malaise and existential dread.