I want to die by the end of this month.I find myself unable to cope with the fact that I see no future for myself. I've never been able to find a job that interested me enough to pursue a career before, and while I've done well in school I've never finished a degree because, frankly, it doesn't interest me. I haven't had any luck finding work recently and I am rapidly running out of economic resources at which point I won't be able to afford my phone bill and my chances of finding work without a working phone will become even more difficult.

I have no possibilities of establishing a meaningful romantic relationship because I never really meet women. All of the women I know that I think it would be fun to get to know better and date are all in relationships, so I don't really see a future for myself in this area of my life. I find that women just generally aren't that attracted or interested in me. 

I can thankfully say that I have one or two incredible friends in my life that I actively have a back and forth relationship with. I thought for a long while that I had many friends that were as interested in keeping in touch with me as I was with them. This turned out not to be the case. What I have come to realize is that almost of all the friendships (with the exception of the one or two incredible friends mentioned above) I thought I had turned out to be over glorified acquaintances even though I've know some of them for years. That might not be the best term for what I am trying to describe. I feel that in most of my friendships, I was the only party in the friendship that made the effort to communicate or make plans. No one would ever call me or talk to me unless I talked to them first or made plans. 

I am tired of being invisible. I am tired of being this person. I am tired of being a person who other people aren't interested in, who has no one to share their interests with, and with no economic future. I am tired of feeling like I have to adapt to others to be accepted. I am tired of having no energy. I am tired of being unwanted. I am tired of being me.


