I think I'm done here.I know this is going to get drowned in the number of posts here, but I don't mind.

I'm posting this on a throwaway. I don't want anyone finding my main. It's why its name is only numbers. That was the only place I've ever been able to feel truly anonymous. It's where no one knows who I am, or where I am, or me. Everywhere else, I feel like I'm being stalked. That's in part because I am, and part because I'm paranoid over the stalking I *know* is happening being worse than it is. It's exhausting.

I've tried so hard every single day for so long now. Life is so tiring. I tried because I felt like I had to, and then I gave up, and now I've been trying for my fiance, but I give up. I've gone through so much trauma and I hate living this way. I developed DID as a child from my trauma and that alone has made me almost kill myself hundreds of times. I've hurt my exes because of it. I've lost my friends because of it. People hate me because of it. I don't want to be alive.

I know this sounds pathetic, but every day is just suffering. I have another nightmare, I wake up and cry, I get triggered by something (Like, the PTSD term. Not whatever the fuck people have watered it down into.), I freak out worse, people get annoyed that I'm freaking out because they don't get why, they ask, I don't have an answer, I freak out worse. Rinse and repeat. Every day for years. Even the people closest to me do this to me. There's no exceptions. I wish there was.

I've traumatized my fiance with my countless attempts. I know this is going to make it worse. I know I should say goodbye, and I will, but I really don't want to. I'd rather leave him in peace than look and see what mess I've made. His last messages to me were him telling me he loves me so much and that he hopes I'm sleeping well. He said if I have another nightmare, he's here, and that no matter how many nightmares and bad dreams try to convince me things won't be okay, they will be. And then he said goodnight.

I don't deserve him. I never have. He's gone through so much lately, and I know I'm about to make it a million times worse. I know exactly how bad loss feels, especially when you're already down. I'm a monster. I'm sorry. I feel so guilty. I've already done it and I can't back out now.

My last conversation with my mom was about how I made cookies. She asked me how I was doing and I said I'm okay.

My room is disgusting. It's just piles of trash that I haven't been able to clean. So, this is the fucking mess I'm about to be found in. I'm so sad. I'm not telling any of my friends or family goodbye. I'm only telling my fiance because he deserves to hear a goodbye and it'd just be selfish of me not to say one.

I'm mostly just tired of living. It doesn't bring me any joy. I don't think it ever will. I've drifted along for years and I don't want to anymore. I waste every day and I waste precious air. I don't do anything. I'm a freeloader. I've never had the drive to be anything else. I've walked through the world in a haze and the only person that's ever temporarily brought me out of it is my fiance. But things have gotten so much worse lately and I don't think anything will ever bring me out again.

When he sees the message, he'll call 911. It's going to be fine.

So, that's it. Bye.

" *I thought, “I want to die. I want to die more than ever before. There’s no chance now of a recovery. No matter what sort of thing I do, no matter what I do, it’s sure to be a failure, just a final coating applied to my shame. That dream of going on bicycles to see a waterfall framed in summer leaves—it was not for the likes of me. All that can happen now is that one foul, humiliating sin will be piled on another, and my sufferings will become only the more acute. I want to die. I must die. Living itself is the source of sin.* "