Feeling trapped and I just want it to be overFor the past 6 years, I've been dealing with a condition called hyperacusis that has been pretty much disabling. The condition causes me to feel pain in response to every day sounds. Things like doing dishes, walking down the street in my neighborhood, grocery shopping, working out at the gym etc etc have all become painful even with the use of earplugs. I actually ended up having to quit my job because of it, and I dropped out of school because university was such a noisy environment. I simply couldn't tolerate it. I've also lost any social life that I previously had.

So I'm 26 now. Im disabled and I'm completely reliant on my parents. I live with them and they make sure I have everything I need. They have been amazing through this whole thing and I'm so blessed to have them.

With that being said, I absolutely have to get out of their home. They've done the best they can to make sure the environment at our home is quiet for me, but it's still way too noisy. They are constantly doing things that cause me pain, and it's just super stressful to deal with.

On top of that, our neighbor has decided hes going to use his fire pit every night now that the weather is nice. When he does, our home fills with smoke and it gets both my dad and me quite sick. Its triggers our migraines. We've tried taking to the neighbor and he told us to piss off. We talked to the fire dept and they said their hands are tied. So both my dad and I are stuck with 15 migraine days a month.

With both the noise and the smoke/headaches, my home has become a super stressful place to be. Which doesnt seem all that bad but prior to the new neighbor, it was one of two places in the world that I actually felt somewhat comfortable (the other being my grandfathers house). It was one of two places that didn't hurt and cause an insane level of anxiety. I've lost that now and idk what to do. I need to leave, badly. But leaving scares the absolute shit out of me. Staying does too. So I just feel trapped and hopeless.

I've always been prone to anxiety and depression. The hyperscusis and the constant headaches have worsened both of them to the point where I'm full blown depressed again, and I'm dealing with bad anxiety in a daily basis. I really just want to die and I've been having a harder and harder time fighting those thoughts off.

In addition to everything else, my girlfriend of four years left me a few months back. I was so madly in love with her and thought I was going to spend my life with her, but the hyperacusis just caused too many issues for us. I'm happy for her to be honest. She deserves someone that can take her to movies and concerts etc. Do All the stuff I can't do. It still hurts like hell though.

I also lost my grandfather last month. He was like a father to me, so It's been really difficult getting along without him. Hes one of the only people aside from my ex that I was comfortable spending time around with my hyperacusis. He was also super positive and always full of wisdom and advice. I miss him so much.

He did leave me 10,000$. Which is part of the reason I need advice. I've been planning to use that money to get myself over to a remote island off the coast of Thailand for the next year or so. My dad has agreed to fly over with me (I'll use an earplug and earmuff combo to tolerate the flight) and help me get set up. I can live on about 600$ a month there, as opposed to 2000$ a month here, so the 10k will last me way longer. It will also be much quieter.

The problem is, eventually the money is going to run out and I'm going to end up right back in my parents home. I'm also scared to death to be on my own on a Thai island (it's been a lifelong dream of mine to make it to Thailand, but with my condition idk how it's going to go.) There are just so many unknowns and I'm scared it will be a miserable experience.

If I dont go to Thailand, I've got to get out of here and go somewhere. I just dont have any idea where else I can go. I just feel so stuck. The more I think about it the more I just want to sit in my car in the garage and just drift off so I dont have to worry about any of this shit. No more noise. No more pain. No more headaches. No more worrying about the future and trying do hard to figure out the right move to make. Any advice would be much appreciated.