TonightThrowaway account. I know we’ve seen this a lot before, people saying today is the day.
I’ve struggled with depression since I was a teenager. Quietly, aside from doctors and therapists, only speaking to my ex-husband about it but he encourages me, or tells me I’ve always been a coward. 

Today is the day. I am driving 5 hours to a park that is one of the darkest spots on the East Coast, I’m going to lay out a blanket in the middle of the field, drink a bottle of wine, look at every single star, the Milky Way, and take a full bottle of Percocet and Xanax. These are prescribed and filled yesterday. 

I’ve been to therapy. Been on every anti-depressant anti-anxiety bi-polar combination possible. This has been my struggle since I was 15. I am now 31. Not once have I had a good year. Not once have I said “It will get better.” And then it actually does, it’s never happened for me. I drag through life with every attempt to see any color or happiness and it never happens. My family is established and well known and loved by everyone, but I’m the misfit. I’m the woman that became nothing but a housewife to a wealthy man who cheated and kicked me out of our house and life two years ago all within an hour one Memorial Day. 

I’ve tried building my own life and creating my own foundation. There are some weeks I have $5 to fuel my car and feed myself and my son for the week. (I’ve applied for assistance, the system in the US is an absolute joke). I’ve actually been caught and arrested for stealing a bag of groceries because I had absolutely no food and no help. I was so hungry. 

I have a son. He is 9 and autistic. Unfortunately, I feel this an easy way out. He will be upset when I’m gone, but he will get over it quickly and adjust. He is better off with his father. He is able to provide him with a good home and time spent at home when all I can give is a tiny apartment and work 12 hours a day with absolutely nothing to show. 

This was long. But this is my life. And I’ve had it. I’m simply just finished with existing. Every time I’m driving over 60mph, I want to jerk the wheel to the right and pray I hit a tree. This is no way to live. I’ve tried everything. Nothing works. I am cursed and I am ending it all. No pity needed. No need to talk me out of it. I’m leaving a note for my son and that’s it. Not a single family member has ever loved me enough to get the dignity of a goodbye from me. Thank you for listening. 
