I don't know how long I can do thisI survived once, I felt like I had been given a second chance at life, that I had a purpose and I just had to find it.
But then everything went downhill. My family disowned me after finding out I'd been drinking in college and that I was bi-curious. My friends and roommates became distant after the attempt. I couldn't wake up for work anymore and applied for disability. I missed rent twice and got kicked out. So I moved home, but my parents wouldn't let me move in with them. I started couch surfing with friends, and lost my car when I got pulled over and found out my parents had cancelled my insurance (that I was still paying them for) over 3 months ago. I got a job and only managed to keep it long enough to buy another $250 car and register it.

Still I kept my sense of purpose, still I searched for it.

Then came life in the car. Life in the car was hell on Earth. I still couldn't keep a job for longer than a month. I managed to come up with enough money to eat a $5 sandwich once a day and keep enough gas in the car to drive to the gas station for the restrooms and water refills. I had one friend. Beyond that, I was stuck reading and watching YouTube on stolen wifi. I lived like that through the summer and fall, and the first part of winter, every day losing hope, every night wondering if I would freeze to death.

Still I pressed on, still I searched desperately for a way to get out of my situation so that I could find my purpose.

One day my parents dropped the news that they would no longer allow me to park my car in front of their house. They told me to be gone by sunset. Grasping at straws, I called everyone I even remotely knew. One old friend from high school picked up. I asked, crying, if I could park my car in front of her house. She brought me inside for the rest of winter until I got approved for disability. I thought I was finally going to be able to put my life back together.

Now I have my own apartment with my own roommates and a few friends. But I'm still unable to work, I still can't afford car insurance, I still can't afford to do anything other than pay rent, eat, and watch Netflix. 
I wasn't able to emotionally process my homelessness until after it ended. The experience was incredibly traumatic and I'm still trying to deal with everything that happened. I'm not okay, and my friends are pulling away, right when I need them the most. I don't get invited to anything, and nobody will listen when I try to open up about what I'm dealing with. And my life is about to turn upside down again, I'm still trying to deal with the last time. I don't know how long I can keep this up. I can feel my strength fading, I can't get out of bed sometimes. I can't eat anymore. I know I should, and I get really hungry, but I'll eat a little bit and then feel sick. I'm still hungry but I can't stomach it anymore. I'm trying to call out for help but everyone else is too busy with their own problems to help me with mine, the whole time expecting that I help with theirs.

I'm fading.