I don’t love myself. I not sure if I ever have or ever will.I’m 26 years old. Recently, I’ve become more aware of my low self esteem.

I find it hard to speak during conversations. Most of the time I think that I sound stupid or I can’t think of what to say. Usually I’ll end up saying something generic or nothing at all.

As a result of this lack of confidence, a lot of people don’t listen to what I say and then proceed to speak over me. Which, overtime, has taken its toll.

I struggle to tell a good story or joke. Not exactly captivating or clear. 

I’ve lost just about all interest in conversation. 

It’s tough to listen but not be heard. I really appreciate someone who listens whole heartedly, but for me it’s been rare to come by.

I don’t bother speaking very much anymore so it amplifies the problem.

I consider myself a really nice guy. I’d do just about anything to help just about anyone. 

I’m not exactly great at anything. I’m good with tools. I’m an all around above average athlete. I can be very creative.

None of my interests have ever become passions.

I try not to think about my physical looks. I’m tall. I have been told I’m good looking and I believe it to a certain degree. At this point those two traits have become a burden. Where are all the hot chicks checking me out? Or even a female to just bat an eye at me for that matter.

Nowadays it can be anywhere in between difficult and impossible to carry a smile. Especially face to face with a stranger. For example someone on the street, in a restaurant, store, wherever or maybe even the potentially life changing cute girl at the gym.

I do like to laugh. I have some good laughs with close friends. But I seem to walk around looking sad all the time. I think it a deterrent for meeting  new people.

It’s kind of scary to try to think back to when I had some confidence in myself because it was so long ago. So long ago that it doesn’t even really count. Maybe grade 4, that’s around ten years old. Back when I wasn’t self conscious.

It’s like I’ve never known how to love myself.

My 20’s have been frustrating. I developed a few vices through high school which carried into college. Drinking, smoking weed and cigarettes and even doing some harder drugs.

At the time, I didn’t realize that they were just about the only things that made me feel happy and social. Drinking allowed me to be loud and proud. Smoking made me forget and gave me friends to chill out with. Drugs were just to try to have even more “fun”.

In my 3rd year of college, I tried to move away from the party lifestyle. I needed to focus on my grades to be able to pass. I moved into a large basement apartment, with 3 other bedrooms.

Shortly after I moved in, a beautiful smart young woman around my age did too. We fell in love. Lived together for a year, during which I still struggled with substance abuse. It was hard to say no to my friends, and I guess my brain was hardwired to want it. She was adamantly against that lifestyle. It wrecked the relationship. It was a 3 year long dragged out relationship and break up. It was hands down the best and the worst thing that I’ve ever experienced. Tried to get over it. Still not really over it.

I had a perfect opportunity to change my ways and to stay in a relationship that kept me happy and healthy. The only real relationship I’ve ever had. I didn’t have a single girlfriend through high school or college, until her and haven’t since. I very rarely have intimate interactions either.

Bought a used truck, with a loan. Let my friend drive it while we were drunk. He rolled it into a ditch and totalled it. I take half the blame because I also drove it before he did and I let him drive it, but I still haven’t seen a dime from him yet. It’s been 2 months.

I basically quit my job.

I went to my doctor and told her about how overwhelmed I was feeling. I needed some time off work and to speak to someone about the thoughts I’ve been having. 

From the date that I saw my doctor to the appointment date with a psychiatrist is about 6 months. Still haven’t been in yet. 

Luckily I qualified for short and long term benefits. I have to say Manulife  gave me real hard time though and they still are.

Moved in with my mom. No rent which is a huge stress relief. I was able to get out of a fairly substantial credit card debt over the last few months. Feeling very relieved about that.

My point is, I’ve been on a downward slope for quite some time now. I want to give up but it feels like it’s not an option. There’s always something stringing me along to continue. Right now I’m on a part of my life journey that I didn’t see coming.

I don’t know why I can’t just be happy. But now I’m starting to realize that I don’t think I ever was.

Class clown in elementary. Always in trouble. Much more quiet through high school but had something like a 40% attendance rate. Too busy smoking weed. College party animal while passing with mostly Cs and Ds.

It has all caught up to me now that I’m an adult and I’m free to do as I wish.

I constantly think about suicide. Every night when I’m trying to sleep. While I’m driving. Whenever a problem arises. When I think about my love life. When I look at the world we live in.

I think about how much I struggle to interact with people. And how it’s like there’s something wrong with me.

I cry.

Killing myself is just another interest that won’t become a passion for me.

I hate so much to say it but, it feels like I’m likely to die alone and sad.

I want to be happy and proud of who I am.

I want to start my own family.

I want to find something that I love to do and make it a career.

For whatever reason I don’t allow myself to attain these things.

Telling myself that I’m happy doesn’t work. I can’t pretend. Although, I’ve heard “fake it til you make it” works in other facets of life.

I’m hoping that this time off work spent at home will bring me some good. So far it has not. I can’t even find the determination to maintain healthy eating and exercise habits.

I know things aren’t just handed to you in life. I have to work for it. It didn’t occur to me that happiness would be one of those things. It kind of makes sense when I think about it though. I just wish I had of realized that a long time ago.

To everyone out there who is struggling with these crippling thoughts, I know it makes day to day living terrible. It’s like a storm pulling you in and the conditions just keep getting worse.

Keep looking for something that brings you happiness. When you think you’ve found something try to reel it in with commitment and determination. I truly think that is step one. I’m still searching.

TLDR: I’m sad because I don’t pursue happiness. Joy is hard to come by. It’s gotten so bad that I think about dying everyday. I’m trying to pull myself out of it. It’s not easy. 

Good news is, I’m pretty sure sustained determination will eventually create gratification. Like planting and watering seeds which one day will grow into full blown strong happy healthy trees!












