I dont know what to do with my life. Living home is mental torture.Hi, I just need some place to write this down, so here I go.
Im 21 years old now. I had a goal with my life. It was to join the army and continue a profession there. But I got turned down. They said my physical requirements wasn't good enough. I used another year to train myself and I reach the top score in almost all the requirements, but second time I applied I got turned down again and they said my grade from school wasnt good enough. I used another year to improve my grades and applied again. But this time they said that the position I previously served wasnt relevant enough for the position I applied for. And this is something I cant change, so Im fucked.

The main problem is that I live with my parents now. And as the title says, its mental torture. Every time I go out of my room they talk shit to me. Saying I am a loser. That I am a failure, not even the army wants me. Even if I get in, I would be the first one to die. Nobody wants me. Everytime, every time I see them outside my room its something negative they say to me. If I talk back, they threaten me with something.
And Im stuck here, constantly telling how Im a failure in any way they can come up with.
They even trick me. Tell me to do something and then they change their mind and suddenly I do something wrong so they have an excuse to talk shit to me. 

I been thinking about suicide the second time they declined my application, but I managed to keep myself focused to try again and ignore my parents as much as possible. But they declined again.
Dont think I can manage another year living here. 

My cousin took suicide a month ago. Jumped off a bridge. Seems so easy. Just ending this. 

The reason why I havent done it yet is because it seems so easy. And Im not a person that likes easy. Which is why I really wanted to join the army. 

Im also considering to just run away and live homeless until I die. 
Im really up to suggestions on what to do. 