I'm continuously getting worse, and I need help.I've had 3 years of therapy. I'm currently on two medications (though they are still fairly new to me). But no matter what happens in my life, it just seems like my depression gets worse. Today is my real life (18th) cake day, and I'm absolutely miserable. I've broken down in front of my dad. I've broken down in front of my mom. And now I can't even close my eyes without crying.

People would always tell me that things will get better as I get older, but for me, it seems the opposite is true. My depression is not dependent on events that surround me. It's just always there, and always worsening.

I've tried positive thinking. I've tried various coping techniques. (This includes trying to take myself to another place mentally, listening to upbeat music, tensing and releasing my muscles, playing piano, and more.) I've talked to a few friends about it, about everything. But it just isn't getting any better.

Tomorrow I'll go see my therapist, and her and my mom are going to talk about this. But at this point, I don't know what else can be done. I feel useless, and with every other person I drag into this, I just feel like I'm doing more harm while I'm still alive. I got angry with a good friend over this, because depression has this amazing ability to make me negative in many ways. And here's what she publicly posted about it:
&gt;"Up until that point you were the only guy I’ve known that hasn’t hurt my feelings. congratulations for being another ass hole."

So my depression is just continually eating away at not only my life, but other peoples' as well. Sure, others have said that they'd be heartbroken over my loss. But that just worsens my death, and doesn't help improve my life.

You might be thinking since I'm 18 now that I can go be my own man and escape where I am and make my own life for whatever I want it to be, right? Well I can't, not for at least 5 years. It would be impossible for THREE people, yet alone me, to rent a ROOM in my area on minimum wage. And I'm looking at the lowest of the low places on Craigslist within a huge radius. So I'll go to a local college for two years, transfer to university, and then hopefully find a job. But that's still five years I have to live here, with my parents. And as you can probably guess, I'm not too fond of them. This isn't the teenage angst talking, nor am I a kid from an abusive family. But my parents definitely add to the negativity.

So, SW, help me find a reason for this, for me being here? Every step I take is harder, and I feel like I don't have much energy left in me to keep going.

[Note: This isn't a throwaway account, and I don't care. You can see I actively "PlayItForward," have tried to pass words of wisdom to other people in SW from personal experience, and try to be a generally kind person. But even giving, the only thing that would give me joy, is wearing off very fast.]