Been feeling sad for about 2 years now.Hello there, I  guess I can start with an introduction. I'm 15, just starting my second year in high school. (I know a kid like me shouldn't have much to complain about, but everyone has some problems right?) Most of my years when I was a kid I was that one kid who just stayed home playing single-player video games all by himself and had maybe one or two friends. At the time I didn't really care because I was just a small kid. As the years went on I noticed I was the kind of kid nobody cares about or who would just compare themselves to me just for a good laugh. Eventually I started being more social, and making more friends. I was the friend you would talk to at school, but you would never hang out with them. I didn't care though. I was so happy, I hardly had friends and the few people who were my friends were mean to me. Even if I only talked to them in school at lunch or between classes, I was filled with joy for the sake that people enjoyed talking to me! I starting being even more social and talking to many people and they were nice to me, it was a whole new world I never knew, and before I knew it I started hanging out with those friends. I was so happy, and I even enjoyed talking to other people who were sad. It made me happy seeing other people happy! Eventually I calmed down a bit and it felt normal having these friends, but there was nothing to be sad about. One day out of nowhere I just felt like it was hard to talk to make, I couldn't make eye contact and it was hard to help other people with their problems. I didn't know what was going on, but I started becoming very sad. I noticed more and more that it was hard to talk to anyone who wasn't my close friend. From there on I started picking back up bad habits like constantly keeping my hood on at all times to avoid attention from people. Then it started escalating really fast. It was hard to walk around other people, I felt like they were watching me and I sometimes forgot how to walk properly. (I know it sounds stupid, but I'm serious) Whenever I heard someone laugh around me I felt as if they were laughing at me, I didn't even like people bumping into me or touching me. I started hating everyone, I felt like I was going crazy. I someone bumped into me I thought in my head "Bump into me again, and I will make sure you die slowly." Whenever I saw people happy it made me angry for some reason. And I questioned the things I was saying and I didn't know what to think anymore. The only times I truly laugh now is when I am around my close friends. Sometimes when I look at them I forget that they are my friends because I always look back at the times when nobody liked me. Not only was I sad I started becoming suicidal. I spent all day in class thinking about how I could use the equipment in the class to kill myself and I daydreamed about if I was different in a better way. I now I notice people are treating me like some person who just moved into the school from a foreign country and talk to me like I can't even speak English. On my 14th birthday my dad took me out to go shoot a gun for the first time, and I thought to myself it was my golden opportunity to kill myself. Of course i couldn't do it because they didn't keep their eye on me and I felt as if they would stop me and it wouldn't go well after that. After that I kept poking myself with knives to see how much force it would take to actually have the blade dig in my skin. I use to try my best to be socially active whenever I got the chance. Now all I do is spend my time sitting in my basement watching anime or sitting down looking at the floor with my hood up. (I believe that my hood keeps me safe, as dumb as it sounds) I feel like if I lose my friends I will lose everything. They are honestly the only people who can make me happy. Please Reddit can you help? My situation may not seem like much, but I feel so sad every day and I don't want my friends to worry about me. I honestly think I am going insane, I don't know what I am thinking anymore. Also, if you actually took the time to read this then thank you.