I Don't Know How I Can Live With MyselfI've been dealing with chronic pain for about 5 years now since I was 20. And not the sort of pain that I can just take an Advil and be okay, but actual pain in my occipital nerves that doctors are baffled by because it makes me pass out if it comes on too intensely. On top of that, there's my rheumatoid arthritis as well... 

Luckily I found pain management in time because without pain medicine I have no quality of life. 
That being said about 3 days ago my dog managed to pour water on some of my dilaudid pills and they dissolved now they're all fucked up and I don't know what to do they're like a fine powder that keeps blowing in the wind from the air conditioning. 

I have a drug test with my pain management coming up on Friday basically for them to make sure that I am taking my medication and not selling it. I obviously would never sell it because it's the only fucking thing keeping me alive at this point. But the last few days I've had to go seriously diminished amount and I'm scared that I won't have enough for my drug test on Friday. And if I failed the drug test and they kick me out... I'm pretty sure I'm going to kill myself because I don't think I can handle this pain without the dilaudid. Fuck, I can barely handle the pain with the meds.

I got desperate and researched how to buy them online, thought about going to a shitty part of town to try to figure out how to buy drugs that way. I'm just too goddamn sheltered and I don't have enough money and I feel like I'd hate myself more if I somehow got scammed.

I feel like my world is slowly being deprived of oxygen. That on top of a mild opiate withdrawal thanks to my puppy and my lack of common sense... I'm just ready to give up.

I feel like I'm not a person anymore. I'm just an upright, talking configuration of agony. I'm going to get kicked out, lose the only thing that makes my illness easier to live with...

I mean when our pets are suffering, we take them to the vet and we euthanize them peacefully. But I've been suffering for five years in constant agony and if I put myself down, I'm more fucking selfish than the people who want me around just so they don't have to feel emotional pain when I'm in physical torture every minute.

This idiotic war on drugs makes it do that if I go into my Dr and try to calmly explain the situation, they'll have me pee in a cup and then when the obvious happens, I'll be labeled drug seekers or seller.
It happened to my friend, to my mom and now it's going to happen to me.

I swear maybe this is how it's supposed to be. I'm meant to be in pain. Meant to suffer and cry and scream every night. Meant to try and try and then still fucking fail and end it  .

Tldr  no dilaudid,= no pain management. Which equals even purer agony. And my body and soul are tired. Too tired.