I don’t feel like I have any drive to keep livingFor context I’m a university student currently studying abroad in Japan. I’m pretty shy and introverted normally, but I’ve managed to become close friends with a few of the other exchange students in the dorm I’m staying in, and I’ve opened up to them about how I sometimes feel alone, unmotivated, and without a desire to keep on living. They’ve been understanding and supportive, but it only helps to an extent.

 I guess what’s kept me going until now is the hope that I’m just waiting for something great to happen, but it never seems to, and I’m losing hope. Last Thursday I had just turned 21, and was chilling out in bar with a girl from my university who I’d been getting to know for a while who I was really getting on well with. I guess I kinda hoped this was maybe what I’d been waiting for. I’m still a virgin and hadn’t had a real relationship since highschool, so it was really exciting for me. After the bar things were going even better, we were laughing, holding hands, cuddling. On the way back towards my dorm we met up with a few of my friends and went for a drink. Immediately it’s like a switch has been flicked, and she pretty much never speaks to me for the rest of the night, chatting and flirting with the other guys. 

By the time we all get back I just want to leave, so I say goodnight to everyone and return to my room feeling crushed. I think about ending it all there and then, but one of the Japanese students I’ve become friends in comes and checks up on me, and I honestly think that may have saved my life.

This morning I found from one of my closest friends that on that night the girl I was with had stayed over in his room. He was apologetic about it, but it feels like it’s too much.

This ordeal might sound fairly minor in the scheme of things, but it feels like the final straw. When I look at how meaningless my life is I feel like my spirit and desire to live has just evaporated. I often go to sleep and wish that I won’t wake up in the morning, so maybe it’s time to take matters into my own hands. I understand that I have things pretty good, but I feel so empty, and honestly just don’t want to live anymore.