Intensely suicidal- partially due to poverty; need to go to a hospital again, have no insurance or money, can't even go to therapy or take medication...So as it says, I literally can't get treatment. I want it and need it badly- I'm not holding it together. I've been hospitalized in psych units so many times it would make your head spin, and I really don't want to go through it again, but I'm at a real risk here. 

Part of the reason I'm losing it right now- a very small part, I guess, but a part- is because my SSDI and Medicare have been cut off. They may be reinstated in a few months, maybe- but I don't think I have a few months of this left in me. I can't afford medication, and I'm generally on Zyprexa, have been since I was 12- can't afford therapy, and honestly, really should be in a hospital, but sure as hell can't afford that.

So here I am, crying like a bitch reading FAQs about suicide hotlines, lol- and deciding to call. But I read on their site, for their hotline and all hotlines, if they feel you're at imminent risk of hurting yourself they will call an ambulance on you. So like, I can call and downplay everything, but honestly... why call and then lie? I feel like I might as well not call. If they call an ambulance on me and take me to an ER, I will be out THAT money, and I also will get admitted against my will- I meet criteria for being sectioned, and if I have to pay an ambulance bill, much less a fucking hospital bill... it will be worse. Like really, I can't do that.

Sooo what the hell should I do? I can't get treatment. I go to AA which is free and very helpful, but there are literally chemicals wrong in my brain, and no amount of therapy, even, makes those chemicals change- I was on Zyprexa, for fucks sake.

I have friends I can talk to, but again, it doesn't do much except make me out to be annoying. I'm honestly working on removing myself from my friends- I may move. I don't want to put anyone else through this with me, it's annoying to them, and honestly, what are they supposed to say? Like, yes, kill yourself, you're fucked? Or, even worse, I don't want to hear shit about people trying to relate to me if they have not been where I am right now. I don't care if you've been through what I've been through specifically, but I can't deal with anyone telling me how their grrlfriends got them through a rough breakup with popcorn and movie night so things get better, stick it out!

And I know saying shit like that is not nice at all, which is why I'd rather just remove myself. 

Anyone have any ideas? How I get out of this with NO money?