I'm on the edge of my sanity, and I don't know how much longer I can keep going. I don't think my title can really do  justice to the way I feel, but its the best I can think of right now...

I'll try and summarize the past few years of my life as best as I can. I was viciously bullied in middle school, and that gave me anxiety so bad that I became physical ill if I even went to my school. I stopped eating and drinking. I would throw up if I tried to eat breakfast, and I would spend my recess in the teachers offices. I had no friends, nobody who could save me. I left that place after about 6 months into the year. 

I had to start going to a doctor who could help me with my problems, and was soon diagnosed with depression. My first real therapist was a very nice lady who could help me understand my emotions. I grew to really trust her, and thought she could help me. After about a year of seeing me, she suddenly decided that she had done everything that she could do to help me, and I never saw her again. 

My doctor recommend that I go to an outpatient hospital, to see if they could help me. They succeeded, I learned to stop trusting people. At my time there, they sent me to a place called West Hills(twice) where they would evaluate if I needed to be sent to an inpatient. I guess I talked about my thoughts of suicide, and that was too much for them. Other than that, it was a complete waste of time.

Dozens of medications and therapists later, my doctor finally sent me to an inpatient hospital. My mom and doctor figured that they couldn't protect me from myself anymore. I don't think I would blame them. 

I stayed there for 3 months, and those were the worst 3 months of my life. It was hell, we were always being monitored by staff, almost no privacy. We were forced to learn about DBT skills. Many of which were useless. You would stay longer if you didn't behave, I only got out within 3 months because i pretended that I was okay. My roommate was there for almost a year. There was nearly no contact with the opposite sex because boys and girls couldn't be in the same hall. I left that place more broken than when I went in.

I don't talk about my feelings with people anymore...

My emotions have changed over the years. I used to be sad and bitter, now I just feel empty inside.

I have been on so many medications that I stopped trying to remember the names, the same can be said for the names of my doctors and therapists. The only family I really care about is my mom and grandparents, and I have no real friends. I have people I care about online, but I cant talk about these things with them. I distract myself from my true feelings as much as I can. That's the only thing that I can do anymore. Except I know that cant last forever.

I would destroy my mothers life if commit suicide, I am the only person she has. I only live my life for other people, and I'm sick of it. I don't want to be alive.

I hide in my head all day and night, pretending that my life is different. Its like I've managed to blend imagination and reality, its one of the only things that can make me feel good anymore.

Ive also started talking to myself, more than normal. It feels like my head is being shared by the real me, and the fake one. Like I'm two people. I don't really know how to describe it. It has just become normal for me.

I just want somebody to kill me, I don't want to be the one who has to make the choice. I could go on and on, but I think you get the point. Maybe somebody here can help me, but I know that's too much to ask for. I don't know what to do anymore. I cant do this much longer. I just want to be happy again.