I want to feel something else than just sad.This is going to be a very long, sad, negative, desperate and probably bad written post I don't feel like apologizing for it.

This is the first time that I'm trying to speak what I have been feeling for almost 7 years now... And English is not my native language but I'll do my best.

I cannot say my problems are huge, and this is probably why I haven't kill myself already... I feel bad that I'm not strong enough to live my life and be thankful for it while so many people are going through way worst problems and things in their lifes. But right at this moment I just feel hopeless, tired, desperate, alone and mostly sad and I want all to stop or end. I'm afraid that I have reach my limit and even though I have been thinking about killing myself for years now, I really think now it's time to just do it, and do it for real ( I have always thought that when you do things you have to do them right ! So once I finally decide to kill myself, there will be no mistakes and I will do it for good. )

It all started going to shit when I finished highschool and was time for me to go to the university. I had the idea that when we all grow up we mature ( probably not the correct word, I'm referring to Madurar in Spanish) and become somehow more intelligent than children and teen agers... That when you become an adult you were going to be automatically more responsable, and all arround a better person ( Humility, etc ).

That was not the case, the world hitted me very hard and I saw that even if you are the best at your job that doesn't mean you are going to get recognition... That sex and your looks are still very relevant to the world (job, and every aspect of society), and that we live in a fucked up society that it's superficial and fake...

Everyone keeps trying to show a perfect life in social media, and will do everything to seek and have attention in them...  Social media and the fakeness of the people really hunt me down and hurt me, even if I don't use Facebook anymore and barely use Instagram ( so I can have contact with my "friends" and not isolate myself so much )

In November of last year, my brother was diagnosed with cancer... And I don't know why, but during that period of time experiencing extreme fear ( I mean REAL FEAR ) anxiety, and sadness, I have found to feel more emotions that I have felt in a lot of years ! And my family ( my parents are divorce, but I still consider my family to be my mom, my dad and my brother) was once again reunited, focused in only one thing, and we all were only thinking positive and giving my brother out best energy ! I felt happiness also !
Due to this emergency I had to ask for loans so my mother, my dad and me could eat properly in the hospital, visit him (money to travel and see him everyday ) and also ask for volunteering time off paid of our jobs...
I'm very lucky to say that at the end everything went great and he's cancer free now, but I lost my job ( I used to work in a Call Center, and due to the amount of absences it wasn't profitable for them to have me during this time, even though I was the best employee for a year straight ) and the very sad part is that I don't feel anything but sad once again... 

My mom kicked me out of my house because I lost my job,and wasn't able to find another one quickly enough ( 3 months have passed) and the banks were calling to the house because I was late in my payments...

Now I'm living with my dad that it's completely at the other end of my country ( Costa Rica ) and it's a very rural and small town. We do not have a TV or internet in the house( and for someone that has lived his whole life in the country's capital this is has become part of my life ) , my dad spend almost no time at the house because he is at his girlfriend's house and I have also lost a lot of contact with my "friends" who after all this time showed my that I can not take them serious in my life or count on them.

I have no one to speak but my dad, I'm in troubles financially since I haven't find a job over here either... So "professional help " it's out of the table ( in case I'm depressed, or have some sort of desease**) 

And yesterday to finish, I had a fight with my dad yesterday ... Now I'm all alone, feeling like I lost it all, like I fucked up my life at the young age of 25... Knowing that I when I was a kid I had a promising future ... I was one of popular kids, funny,had girlfriends&amp;friends, intelligent, I used to enjoy life and making friends, not shy, good grades, good at work... 

I know I have made bad decisions in my life, I was lazy in some things and made mistakes also... But I don't know how I managed to be this miserable and having non-stop suicidal thoughts every day and night.

This is  my last effort to try to do something.. talk to someone who is real, and as weird as it sounds I don't want petty I just want honesty ( feels like u can have it more easily coming from a extrenger ). Anyway thank you very very much if took the time, patience and bare with my through my grammar errors to read this post.

Sincerely,
Luis Miguel Quesada R.