I don't even knowI've fucked up more and more as I've gotten older.  At 18, I've been arrested once.  I've gotten in-school suspended once.  Given more detentions than I can remember.  Been thrown out of class more times than I can count.  Gotten calls home at least 20 times.  Been caught smoking weed over a dozen times.  

I don't want to be the reason my Mom can't function anymore.  I know that because of me, and the shit I get myself into, she's always on edge.  I have two younger siblings who are model students, and good kids.  When I'm around, nothing can go right.  There's always fighting, arguing, yelling.  I can't fucking help it.  It's like they change and just want to start trouble all of the sudden.  They do everything in their power to set me off, and it works, then it back fires.  My Mom loses her mind, and it's all my fault yet again, since I'm the oldest. 

It's not fair to her, to any of them.  I'm not going anywhere, as much as I'd like to believe it.  I can't finish anything I start, I can't motivate myself to do well, I can't even keep a fucking routine work out going for more than two days at a time.  I'm just fucking pathetic.

My relationship with my Mom has only gotten worse over the years.  When I want to talk to her, she won't even answer.  If she does, it's one word sentences.  When she decides she wants to talk to me, it's after a fight, and I can barely get a word out without losing my cool.  It's not supposed to be like this. 

I'm going to college and I didn't get any scholarships, and they don't let me forget it.  "Oh, we can't let your sister do her dance class since we have to pay X amount for your school next year" and so on.  Every fucking thing I do..nothing is good enough.

When I do decide to work my ass off and bring home great work, nothing gets noticed.  "Nice."  That's all she fucking says.  But when I fail a test, or forget an assignment, she fucking notices.  She doesn't let me forget it either.  

I don't know if I'm suicidal, or depressed, or just really upset.  All I know is all day today, I couldn't help but think how happy her mother's day would've been if I wasn't apart of it.  