Think it's time for me to give upMy life has finally fallen towards the predictable rock bottom that it's been spiraling towards for ten years. And I've long since given up hope that it could ever get better. I'm a total loser and that will be the status quo of my life for as long as I continue to remain alive. My main problem is total social dysfunction. I got fat as a child thanks to being raised with awful eating habits and recently it's just been getting worse. I'm 6'0” and 240 pounds and despite spending thousands of hours of my adolescence reading up on every possible diet or fitness trend and trying to implement them the number on the scale just keeps going up. I know all the physics of weight gain/loss, it's a willpower issue and I simply don't have enough of it to continually fight hunger long enough to lose weight and I'm too lazy to keep up a consistent fitness routine.

Being weak-willed and lazy are just two of the many personality traits that make me a shitty worthless person. I'm extremely introverted and have debilitating social anxiety which means I've missed out on ten full years of social skills development in the decade of life in which it's most important to get those skills. I watched the very few friends I had as a child get engaged in their hobbies, meet new people, start partying/clubbing/concertgoing, start getting into relationships, go off to college and meet ever new people, and then eventually abandon me when I was no longer of enough value to them to warrant their wasting any more time with me. None of that happened to me. I have the emotional and personality development of an eleven-year-old and can't operate in social situations. I have just enough self-awareness to get through my shitty job being a cashier but can't do anything more.

I can't develop relationships because I can't have conversations. I'm a retard and a coward. My head is empty when I'm around other people so I can't talk to anyone. The few times I think of something to say I'm too cowardly to say it for fear of saying something foolish or stepping out of line with someone I don't know well enough. The only people I'm around on a regular basis are the ones at work, and I don't say anything to them outside of basic greetings and pleasantries. Well occasionally they'll ask if I'm okay out of the blue because I guess my default facial expression has turned into a scowl. I'm sure they gossip about how I'm a serial killer or future mass shooter behind my back just the same way kids in high school did.

Well I've had it. I've read all the self-help books, I've taken the SSRIs, I've gone to therapy, and nothing is helping. I still think that theoretically I could improve my social skills if I started practicing on everyone and allowing myself to make mistakes and ignoring people's negative opinions of me when they realize that my social skills are poorer than those of a middle schooler's, but the thing is, if I had some superhuman ability to overcome social rejection again and again for months on end I wouldn't be in this predicament in the first place. My whole problem apparently is extremely low tolerance for mental anguish which is the same reason why I can't lose weight and as long as I have this problem I won't be able to make any meaningful progress towards my goals.

The thing is, even if I reached my goal weight and made a million friends I'd still want to be dead because I will never, ever have a romantic relationship. I am butt ugly and losing weight will only slightly improve my appearance. I'm gay and black and that means no one could ever find me sexually attractive. Every gay guy in America including myself has whitewashed beauty standards which I will never be able to meet, and even if I found the special unicorn who actually liked the appearance of black people, it's not like I meet black beauty standards either. My face is terribly assymetrical, I have a gigantic nose, I've been balding since the age of 12 (and black people hair is ugly anyway), I have significant gynecomastia, a small dick, and stretch marks and unsightly birthmarks all over my body. My own mother has never called me handsome because I'm just not. Every trait that people consider beautiful, I inherited/developed the opposite which makes me ugly. U. G. L. Y.

I have an extremely high sex drive and I can't envision myself being happy without somehow fulfilling it. I spend a lot of time these days just stalking guys I find attractive on facebook/tumblr/instagram and it kills me seeing how much fun they're having exploiting their attractive traits to make friends and have sex and look good doing it. I know about the stupid “highlight reel” quote but I don't even *have* a highlight reel to compare theirs too. I feel thoroughly inferior to everyone I'm attracted or respect and that's ultimately what's killed me on the inside.

The funny thing is my social anxiety probably peaked when I was 13 or so. I still have excess amounts of it, but the thing that's really stopping me from getting out there now is my complete inability to interact with anyone due to the void in my personality that started when I was 11 and my ugliness which when combined prevent anyone from wanting to even be seen with me. I used to have hope. I used to think I could put in a lot of hard work and maybe get some semblance of a social/sex life someday. But I can't. I can't do it. I'm just a weak and insipid person who's a slave to his emotions which is why I have hours a day to masturbate, internet-stalk, or browse dumb subreddits but can't even get halfway through a novel without quitting from boredom. People like me aren't meant to be successful or happy and I'm starting to accept the fact that the ship has sailed for me.

What I want to do is learn how to use a firearm and then shoot myself off a bridge into a body of water so that one of the three traumas to my body will assuredly kill me. I won't be missed. I'll instruct my parents not to hold a funeral for me so it won't be thrown into sharp relief just how indifferent the world is to my pathetic existence when no one but them shows up. They might be sad for a while but at least they won't have to keep wasting their money supporting me. And it's not like I was ever gonna give them grandkids anyway. I guess I am a little sorry it turned out this way but sorry doesn't cut it anymore. People flock to value and I have none to offer. The only power left to me now is to speed up the inevitable by ending it on my terms. And doing just that is becoming more appealing with each passing day.
