I want to kill myself next month, on my birthday. Turning 18.I have some sort of mental illness. I don't know what, I have a few theories, but I'd hate to self-diagnose. 
It use to be manageable. I had a very loving girlfriend who use to help me and make me feel better. I was always open about myself to her but I wasn't very open about my darkside until towards the end of our relationship. She realized how bad it was. Likewise, she also suffered from mental illness, and along with that she survived through various forms of abuse throughout her life. She broke up with me because I made an egregious mistake, which though wasn't built on bad intentions, was horrid in its affect. I hurt her and I can only hope that she gets better. I love her so, so much. We're trying to be friends, but it's obvious that it hurts her healing process to talk to me. She was the only person who I felt ever actually cared for me. She was the one person who I ever felt emotionally secure with. She was the one person who I felt actively cared for me and my well being, in that she would worry about me and check up on me. Now I don't have her and now I have nothing. Its my fault. I just want to hug her. I hate the way time works. When something happens it happens and theres no way you can change it. 

My relationship with my parents is strange. My dad is an alcoholic and probably bipolar. Sometimes he and I get along but when I'm being myself he often calls me "weird", "strange", "retarded", "pretentious", etc. He does it jokingly, often times ganging up with my sister on me, but it still hurts. I go along with it and laugh it off, but it hurts. He's suicidal. The only time I've seen him in two months was for Thanksgiving. I'm worried he is going to kill myself out of loneliness, as he has no one as well, and that it would be my fault for not having seen him recently.

My mom is very nice and cool, but for some reason I just hate it when she talks to me. I know one reason is because when I do *rarely* get emotional she talks to other people about it or makes a bigger deal out of it than the situation warrants, or tries to pity me, which I also *hate*. I don't like it when she knows things about me, because she tries to solve it, and because, again, she tells people about it or will use the information to embarrass me at family events, which are already tough for me.

My sister hates me, I think. Really I think I'm a burden on everyone's life in my family, but I'm trying to avoid platitudes. I think she hates me because she always gets pissed when I talk. She'll whisper with my mom when I'm out of the room about how inconsiderate and lazy I am. Recently I came out of my room to the living room to try to socialize with my mom and sister and when I was responding, admittedly annoyed by whatever the fuck, she was just huffing and puffing and gritting her teeth at my mom as I talked to her, and finally my sister said, "What the fuck is your problem dude?" To which my mom said, "Hey no cussing!" And then my sister said, "Just talking to [my name]." Implying that any conversation with me will devolve into her cussing at me. My mom laughed.

School is awful. I use to have good grades. I was in the gifted classes up till middle school. Starting getting sad all the time and lonely and my grades began to slip. Went to an awful middle school my 8th grade year and dropped out to go to school online within a quarter of the year. The next year I had to transfer over from the high school that would have taken in the middle school I went to and instead to a different school. Because of my transfer student status I have to have above a C- in everything and less than 10 absences. All of this was doable, but my depression got worse this year as the year progressed and my grades got worse and worse and my attendance got worse. Now I have three D's. Two of which can be feasibly increased to a C. The point being that I will most likely have to return to my jurisdiction. Go to a school where I won't belong and know no one. I'll miss her at school. I'll get even more depressed. I know I'll start to skip. I'll have even less emotional support than I do now.

So I have no one. No emotional support. No sympathy from others. No friends. Nothing. I'll probably have to move schools, which is one of three connections I have to her (the other being our jobs (we work at the same place) and social media/texting). I lost the one person I've ever truly cared about and that has ever cared about me and its because of me and I hurt her. I'm losing passion for the one thing I think I'm good at. My birthday is in a month and I will have no one to make me happy. All this is temporary, but it shows a pattern. I am mentally ill in some way. I will always struggle and I am too cowardly to continue trudging if I am alone. Sometimes I fantasize about running away somewhere warm and just dying alone. Taking refuge in my own soul. Completely unbothered by other people. Not expecting the love of others. Just knowingly dying by myself. I ordered four books on amazon (James Joyce by Richard Ellman, fairy tales by ee cummings, Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger, and Lust for Life by Irving Stone) and I'm hoping they will all come in before my birthday so I can read them beforehand. If not then I will read what I can. But I really don't want to keep doing this. I don't like it. I'm not happy. I don't think I ever will be, nor do I think I deserve it. I'm just done. 