I’m a pathetic mess.I have so much shit wrong with me that I can’t even deal with. I never thought it was physically possible to have so many things fucked up in the head with one person but apparently my mind is just screwed up beyond repair.
I have Aspergers, social anxiety, depression, selective mutism, PTSD, possible BPD (I haven’t been diagnosed officially but my previous psychologist said it was highly likely), the list goes on.
I have an addiction to self harm and the only reason I’ve stopped (and by stopped I mean the last time I did it was a few weeks ago) is for my boyfriend because I don’t like seeing him hurt or upset from my own actions. He blames himself when it’s not his fault at all. But it’s the only goddamn thing I have that takes away all the noise in my head for at least a little while. Nothing else helps me. I’ve seen countless therapists and tried dozens of medication. 

I’ve been having panic attacks daily. I had to go on leave from uni last year because of my ex-boyfriend abusing me and sending me death threats and calling me all during the night to yell at me. I was a complete mess and was cutting myself constantly and even overdosed and still managed to show up to class the next day even though I felt like I was dying.
Then I met my current boyfriend and he’s been absolutely amazing and so supportive of me, more than anyone else has ever been in my life, and yet it’s still not enough. I still feel sad, I still get so depressed and insecure, even though I know he loves me. I want him to be enough for me, so why do I still feel so broken?
I started back at uni this week because I wanted a fresh start and to give it my best, but my panic attacks are getting worse that I don’t even know if I can continue. I want to do this art degree, but I’ve lost my passion for art and drawing. I feel there’s no point to doing something I don’t care about anymore, even though I want to care. I want to have passion. But nothing brings me joy anymore. I feel like I shouldn’t even be alive.

I feel like I should be back in the psych ward but I don’t want to mess up my studies and worry my boyfriend. He’s so normal compared to me and I’m worried that if he keeps seeing this awful fucked up sides of me, that he’ll leave me. Not that I’d blame him. He’s such a genuine, kind person who deserves a normal girlfriend, not a chaotic mess.

Even cutting my studies down to part time is still too much for my brain to handle. I feel like I can’t concentrate or make sense of anything, I feel I have no purpose in life and that I’ll never be truly happy or satisfied. I’ve been cutting and trying to kill myself since I was 12 and I have no idea why I’m not dead yet. I guess I’m just too pathetic to even go all the way even though I’ve desperately tried. I’m a high school dropout and still managed to get into uni somehow, and yet I’m fucking it all up. I’m already 23 and still have no idea what the fuck I’m doing with my life.

I’m sorry for the long rant, I just have no one to talk to. I don’t have any friends anymore because I decided to stop letting people walk all over me and treat me like shit, but it’s left me with no one there. Sometimes I feel like it was a mistake, that fake friends would be better than none.

Sorry for anyone that reads this. Just take solace in the fact your life is probably better than mine and I envy you for that.