My life is a tragedy. I don't know how to bare it.When I was born, I had a problem with my reproductive organs, so the doctors removed them. Everything works down there, but I can't have children. Okay, that's not too bad. Well, after dropping out of college I went back home and found a reasonable house, found a good job, everything looked pretty good as far as my future was going.

That same year I had a dentist perform a procedure on me that changed the rest of my life. He drilled down on my teeth to make minor adjustments attempting to correct my bite. Well, one or two minor adjustments turned into 10-12. After he had drilled down the height in my teeth, my jaw collapsed to the point where my muscles were spasming and I couldn't open my jaw some mornings. I had migraines and headaches every single day. The pain never goes away.

So it's been 6 years since that happened. I am still facing pain every single day. My jaw pops when it opens and it feels like someone just punched me in the face 100% of the time that I am alive. This caused me to stop seeing my friends since it hurt to talk, and it hurt even more to laugh. I only had about 4 close friends, and this is what happened to them:

1. My friend from college got married and didn't invite me to the wedding, even though we were still pretty close at the time. I stopped talking to him.
2. My online friend, who I met once IRL, is still pretty close with me.
3. My best friend from high school moved to Japan right after college.

That brings me to my last friend. He was my drinking buddy, and he was the guy who actually made me feel good about myself. He made life worth living. He told me that I was awesome at solving portal 2 levels when we were in co-op, and we would always get drunk and play L4D or TF2 together. He died in a motorcycle accident leaving from my house. 

It gets worse.

I am currently employed by my parents, whom I have grown increasingly detached from because of their complete lack of empathy for me. I used to *NEVER* complain as a kid, because I always thought that someone out there had it worse than me, and no one likes a complainer. Well, now I'm not so sure. 

Today, after trying to work through my headaches, most of the time are caused by my arguing parents who argue about the most insignificant things, I thought I did a pretty good job. I worked hard, I did everything that my dad had asked of me and then some. He is becoming increasingly more and more senile. He can't find the right words to make sentences, and he says "thing" and "him/her" instead of giving specifics because his brain is slowly breaking down. So he came back from the job and said that I didn't listen to his instructions. It was a minor change, and actually my correction to the change was *better* than his instructions. Instead of encouraging me, he makes me feel like I'm worthless. He said that my mom told him that I had a 2 hour lunch. I actually only had a 15 minute lunch which I worked through trying to fix the internet so I could send an email to a client. Both him and my mom are just terrible people, but not always. That's the worst part. I can't just hate them outright because sometimes they're okay, then they flip a switch and they go insane. I know they're bi-polar, for sure, but they don't take medication, and it's making my life a *living hell*. 

As an atheist, I would like to say that my depression doesn't stem at all from my beliefs, but it is the driving force of why I am still alive today. I have no desire to date, because I don't have any testicles. My last two friends in the world are in Texas or Japan, and I am in constant pain with no hope of ever recovering.

Today, when my dad was pulling away in his truck. I knew he couldn't see me in his mirror, and I just wanted to throw my head under his tires. The whole thing played out in my head and I just about started to cry right there. I can't take it much more. I told him how I felt, I said to him, "I do not want to be alive any more." I told him how I wanted to kill myself, and the only thing he could say was, "no you don't."

He's delusional, completely out of his mind, and the only reason I am still alive is because I have my dog whom I love unconditionally. If my dog were to die, I would not be here to type this right now. I feel like I'm on my way out, and I don't know what to do.

As an atheist, I believe in consciousness and unconsciousness. Dying isn't bad for the dead, it's only bad for the living around them. Without any active senses, it's like sleeping without a dream where you don't wake up. Nothingness. My life is on the tipping point of being better off as nothingness. I cherish my consciousness, but if it gets any worse, I don't think I will be able to control myself.