After 8 years of fighting it, I think depression will win soon.I'm 21 and I've been depressed and suffering from self harm since high school. When I was a younger teenager I craved attention and I thought that I self harmed because I wanted people to care about me. To be completely honest I thought that way up until very recently, and thought low of myself, thinking I was just an attention whore and this was the only way to get what I craved. But I realized that I didn't have control over it and I never did, especially now. I can't stop and my depression is getting worse by the minute. Before I would only think about suicide when I was having panic attacks or having a meltdown. But now, it's almost a constant and almost for no reason. In the past couple months I started a relationship with someone who gave me a reason to keep fighting. I've been in more relationships than I could count... No really.. I've been in and out of relationships since I was 12 and this is the first time I've ever felt this way. It's all been the same until now. He always pulled me out of my sad moods and made me happy.. and as I start caring about him more and more I realize that he deserves so much better than a mentally insane excuse of a human being. The thought of losing him makes me panic. But even he cant pull me out anymore. I have to fake happiness. I love him so much but I can't be truly happy anymore, and I don't know why. I'm the first girl who has ever cared for and vise versa.. I know it wont last, im his first.. Who ever stays with their first love, right? 

but still I was trying to enjoy it while it lasted. Trying to make my body a bit better so he had something to remember me by... but ofcourse that is just turning into me starving myself. I can't do anything right.. 

So yeah.. I'm about to lose the last bit of hope that I have left.. I've been writing suicide notes for a few weeks now to see if I really am ready, and it's getting easier every time to say my goodbyes. 

So here I am, sitting here scared to talk to anyone out of fear of looking crazy to other people. Trying to get relief from cutting and getting more frustrated that I'm barely bleeding because I'm dehydrated from starving myself. 

Please help me find a reason to wake up tomorrow.

Oh... and I've been to counseling and therapy. It also sadly stopped working..