I am not unhappy right now but I don't care about livingFirst of all I already feel bad about writing my story here. Its like I am hogging space from people who are really depressed and I don't know if i deserve to do that. Idea like that has always kept me from telling anything to anyone, I dont know if I am supposed to get any help, other people are probably more deserving.

Some background information, I am 24 male, student in engineering, never really had a job except for summer job once and military service for 9 months. Never had sex or girlfriend. I dont have close friends, not even any friends to hang out with, I do have couple more distant friends but I would not like to get closer. I really dont like to spend too much time with other people.

I have always been suicidal from very early age suicide was always kind of a solution for my problems. As a kid I used to talk about suicide a lot but not too seriously. I often thought of suicide, I would tell myself that if I am not going to be good enough I should kill myself. Thoughts of suicide became increasingly important when I was in military service. There I was bullied and felt that my status was low in social hierarchy. I wasnt completely alone in there, I was just member of group of people with low social status.

After military service I started at good university but soon dropped out because I didn't study hard. I didn't feel that I was as smart as I had used to be, I was depressed too and didn't want to spend any time with other people. Mostly I didn't attend to classes, I just stayed in my room and went home on weekends. Then I switched to a bad college, studying in here is easy I don't study at all but still get ok grades like everyone else. In here I feel that I am smarter than most so I have been able to regain some of my self confidence as smartest guy in the room like I used to be in high school.

I used to be religious in high school and in junior high. It was the most important thing in my life. My family wasn't too religious but a little bit, enough to encourage me to read bible on one summer. It made lot of sense to me and I basically tough that I should dedicate my life to religion because so what if I lose some things in this life, I have billions of years of happiness to look forward to in afterlife. I wanted to live as a monk and be a scientist, because a career like that probably would help the world. Eventually I had to give up on religion because arguments against it make so much more sense and as a person interested in scientific thinking I really could not overlook the evidence any more.

After religion I got really interested about ideas like libertarianism and freedom. It just seemed to make sense, that's how the world should work. But then I stopped believing in those ideas too because we are not free and freedom does not last. We are just animals products of evolution and we are programmed to keep our genes alive, that's all life really is. As individuals we are trying to keep our genes alive and as parts of ecosystem we are trying adapt, use more energy and keep life in existanse as long as possible in this universe. So that's where my philosophy of life arrived to and I doubt I will ever change my mind.

I don't really feel all that bad about myself, I don't mind too much about not having had sex or work, or that I am more of lonely person just that other peoples opinions about me make me uncomfortable. I am not too unhappy, I feel normal, but I don't care about living. Spending more time with other people probably would make me much sadder than I am now and I don't see any benefits in doing so. I could just kill myself and be done with this life. 2 years ago I was thinking of suicide very seriously, after that it has been on my mind often and lately I have been thinking about it daily. If I am going to kill myself, I would like to make it absolutely sure that I will die. For me suicide is not spontaneous thing its more of a rational decision about not existing any more.