I'm fed upNo matter what I try to do to "improve" my life, nothing actually improves. I'm not even sure why I get out of bed. I'm so fucking sick of living this way, but nothing can change it apparently, so why not just end it? 
The problems I have with myself:
I'm fucking disgusting looking. 
Not only am I MtF trans, but I'm a fat sack of shit, my skin looks gross and is riddled with stretch marks and discoloration, and I can't get a half decent fucking shave for my life, not to mention my face is downright hideous. I've tried (an am still currently trying) to lose weight, I've lost a decent amount, but now I'm just at an impasse, my weight just stays the same, no matter how hard I try. I asked my parents about some kind of surgery, they said they'll look into it but I'm sure that was just said to placate me.
------
My social life (or lack thereof). 
I'm currently a sophomore in college, and I have literally zero friends in real life. Sure, you can say that online friends are still great, but I personally would like more than just text on a screen for companionship. Every day is the fucking same, I go to classes and just zone out the entire time, until I go back to my room and eventually go on a bike ride at some ungodly hour in another futile attempt to lose weight. I have a boyfriend online, and I think he's all that's prevented me from just ending it, but I still think he deserves better than me. He's supposed to be attending my University in the winter, but I think that's just a pipe dream to be quite frank with you.
------
My dishonesty. 
I cheat on EVERYTHING. Schoolwork, tests, quizzes, you name it, I cheat on it. I'm at a point where I have literally no motivation to put any effort into what I do, so I just cheat because it's easier. I didn't cheat last year and I ended with a 3.7, and I'm still in the honors program, so it's not like I'm a moron, I just couldn't care less. I also shoplift way too frequently.


If I continue to be this way for the rest of my life (and I don't see why I wouldn't), then I don't really see it as a life that is worth living. I'm sick of it. I've tried therapy, I've tried giving a shit, but every damn time I sink right back into this rut.

EDIT: I don't know what the fuck happened with the formatting, but I can't be bothered to fix it. I'm typing this on 4 hours of sleep, gimmie a break.

EDIT 2: As if I wasn't pathetic enough, I also have a habit of smoking weed until I pass out on the weekends. Forgot to include that lovely tidbit.