I've Tied a Noose Up in my ClosetI just finished the noose in my closet. I have a tweet scheduled to be sent in 30 minutes, telling people where to locate my body and that my daughter is asleep in her room.

My daughter just woke up, her hugs are nice, it feels good to have someone completely love me unconditionally and honestly. I just don't know if it's enough - I don't want this life. This isn't how I  envisioned my life being.

I can't help but listen to [this song](http://listen.grooveshark.com/s/Where+d+You+Go+feat+Holly+Brook+And+Jonah+Matranga+/1NOMby) repeatedly - my wife cheated on me and ran off across country. I was raised in a normal, happily-married, family - my only goal in life was to have a family that I loved, that loved me and that I could care for. I have obviously failed in this endeavor and the pain in confronting this failure is too much to handle.

I think about it constantly - I'm a shell of a person, every day is the same shit over and over: wake up at 5, take my daughter to daycare, get off at 5, pick her up, cook dinner, put her to bed at 8, wallow in my own sorrow until midnight, repeat. Every goddamn day it's the same exact shit and I'm fucking tired of it. If I were dead, her mother would get $750k, she'd go stay with her - her problems would be fixed and I wouldn't feel this pain anymore.

My wife and I are trying to work through our issues but really, how much can you work through when your thousands of miles apart? What kind of relationship is that? When the trust has been broken, how do you rekindle it from thousands of miles apart? Do I even really want to rekindle that trust or am I just a complacent fucking tool, getting taken advantage of?

I need your help reddit - I honestly don't want to do this but I don't see a way out. I'm tired of being a single father, I'm tired of being cheated on. Every day is worse than the last, every day I go deeper and deeper into the darkness, I'd rather just get it done with while my daughter is still too young to understand,

I can't just take off to some sort of camp/medical group - who will take care of my daughter? Obviously not her mother. I'm paying for 2 households right now and my decision comes down to keep wallowing within this filth (to earn a paycheck) or relief (and let them live off the life insurance).


**Edit**: I called the 1-800 number FreeRadd posted, got in touch with a very nice person that just listened to me. I've taken down the noose, going to bed and my daughter and I are going to go out and have some fun this weekend (Chuck E. Cheese, I imagine, as horrible as that sounds to me - she fucking loves it). The VA Crisis Center will be getting in contact with me Monday or Tuesday to get me into the system and start getting me to see some specialists.

I don't know if this will all work out, but at least I have something to look forward to next week.