My birthday is today. I want to take my own life.Today’s my birthday. I don’t even know what to say. As a kid I rejoiced growing up but now I would do anything just to be a carefree kid again. Months upon months I’ve been alone. I’m failing at school. No one cares about me. All my ‘friends’ are fake. They all hang out without me and make plans behind my back. They think I don’t know but they talk shit about me when I’m not around as well. I feel like my family don’t even know me. My parents split up not too long ago and I never get to see my father. Also, as a result of this I barely ever get to see either of my siblings because they mostly live at his house and I find it hard to visit because of my busy schedule with school. 

Sometimes I feel like this is how my life will be forever. Since 2014 I haven’t felt consistent happiness, just pockets of hope here and there. Every time I think I’m progressing I just get sent back to the start. My life is constant emotional turmoil and grief. It takes so much just to produce a smile. I’ve been like this for years. I can’t keep pretending I’m ok. All the time I search up the locations of bridges and think about jumping off them. Or, equally I search up how much rope costs at the local hardware store in case I want to hang myself. The only thing I can think of now is to either stab myself with the largest knife I can find in the kitchen or to overdose on sleeping tablets. 

I hate telling myself that things will get better because they never do. Whenever things were finally looking up for me (late 2019) the pandemic happened and of course any sign of emotional recovery I had had been crushed. Everyday I wake up, alone. I eat meals, alone. I sleep, alone. No one ever asks how I’m doing. No one cares about my life. If I died right now, no one would care. Even if they did they would forget about me soon enough. I’m nobody’s best friend. Hell, I’m not even anyone’s friend to begin with. The latter years of my childhood have just been filled with emotional devastation. Where did I ever go wrong? How did I let myself get this lonely?

I’m not normal. Everyone else has a normal life. I don’t doubt that other people struggle but I know they don’t feel anything close to the amount of pain I feel. I feel like I’m going insane living this same stupid life where every single day is a carbon copy of the last. I just wish I had some people that cared about me and wanted me to be alive. People who wanted to hang out. People who ask how I am. I would do the same, deep down I’m a good hearted person. I want to see everyone succeed and be happy. But it seems that no one reciprocates that energy with me. 

I can feel the void returning. I’m genuinely terrified of being alone forever. The emotional numbness is coming back and my nightmares are coming true. 

Right now I’m just listening to some Kid Cudi crying my eyes out. My life is literally worthless. What is my purpose? To suffer daily? I did a quick google search about people stabbing themselves and came across this subreddit. I don’t know if this post is even welcome here but I’ve said everything on mind. I’m sorry In advance.