Struggling a lot.Sorry, this is my first post on reddit, kinda new here. But honestly, I just need a place to let this out. You don’t have to read if it’s a burden of course!

I’m really struggling, I’m sorta young so my family doubts me having any mental issues but it’s really starting to affect me. I’ve tried to kill myself several times, police showed up once but they didn’t think anything since they “couldn’t see scars on my arm.”

I’m always so negative, depressed anxious, and especially suicidal. I’m in so much pain but I say this so much no one probably takes it seriously anymore. I’m such a dumbass,, like I’ll isolate myself and then complain about how no one wants to talk to me. I’m so self aware yet so dense. I can’t fix it. 
I’ve tried professional help but that just gives me anxiety.
I feel like nobody cares about my life, I know it’s not true but eh.

I feel like I failed, I can’t help anyone and will probably just cause it to be worse. This is quite possibly the worst mood I’ve been in. 

My mom is constantly drunk, my dad is cheating on my Mom, my brother is literally my bully.
My family is pretty fucked.

I think I really am going to kill my self, I don’t know how but I might. Could be a week from now, could be years,
But I reslly don’t see a point. My friends are leaving me and I don’t see myself as important,

I had a bad, I don’t even onow? It felt like nervous breakdown and cut a lot. I regret it but sometbing keeps urging me to do it. I might. I had this one boyfriend, he was the best thing ever, however we got into an argument and then he began to hate me. He attempted to kill himself and claimed “I hope Noen is happy”. J called the police cause I was scared but it really fucked me up. It really was my fault. He didn’t die, but I’ll still never forgive myself for that. I also called the cops, I bretrayed our trust and now it’s all fucked

Sorry for so much spelling errors I’m tired and I’m not really paying attention to it. I guess that’s it for now. Ty, tysm if you actually took the time to read this, i thank you from the bottom of my heart &lt;3