I'm going to kill myself on my birthdaymy fucked up logic is that they'll only have to mourn one day of the year i guess. though i know it'll crush them in so many ways. it's so fucked up. my family was talking about birthday plans today as it's coming up soon and i just replied like a fucking robot saying all the things i should say and I'm a LIAR i was lying to their fucking faces. my birthday is always the most depressing time of year. i hate that i was even born so.. so much. I've been depressed and suicidal since i was so little and i honestly have no good reason. nothing ever really happened to me i guess it's just my brain and i feel so shitty that some people here don't even have someone to mourn them. i think about the people that have no one to care about them and i feel so bad and i wish i could give up my life for them or donate my organs and blood for people who needed it just so i could feel good when i commit "the most selfish act"... it also just lines up with a lot right now  ..it just feels right. it's been a long grueling couple of years since my last attempt and nothing has felt right since then. i am in so much pain and i just want freedom i just a release from all this physicial and mental pain. i guess... a lot of you will tell me not to do it for a lot of reasons. and I don't want to "argue against" you i really don't because you have good intentions. but I can't help but feel they're blind replies and you don't really know me so I don't know what to say. should i convince you i am someone who needs to die? thats sounds awful and ultimately negative. but I'm just so alone and scared and tired and posting and replying to posts here because people in the same train of thought feel familiar to me and i only feel a connection in this fucked up way to others that feel the same. but I don't want anyone to die. suicide is so ugly and i wish there was anothet way to just end it and not have all the mess and shit that follows but it's like we can't have that. its always going to be a shitstorm that sucks sooo.. so bad... but come on.. I don't know... i can't begin to explain to you why i feel it's the right decision and i dont WANT TO explain or have you believe or agree with me  .. but I'm just soo fucking alone and want someone to hear me before i go otherwise i wouldn't post this. i know I'll be completely forgotten soon anyway. just some fucking nobody