Feeling very lost.I just needed to speak to someone. Things have not been too great for the last few months and now they are especially bad and i cannot discuss it with anyone i know in real life. Well, it is something that I self-inflicted. It is the usual: things are difficult at university and i think i am going to fail, which cannot happen since I am on scholarship.

So yeah, things are especially hard right now. There are some days when you just do not see the sun. Today is one of those days.

 Well, I did not hand in 4 papers. And I am pretty sure that I am failing those courses and it was not even extra hard or anything. I have been a good student in those 4 classes throughout the semester participating in all the classes and even reading on time but somehow in April it all started to go downhill. I started feeling depressed and super pressured again. I was taking 9 courses at grad school and I guess the pressure just got to me.

I just lost any motivation to do the papers and I missed the first deadline on 11th April and then one every week making it 4 papers that were not submitted, so I feel pretty shit right now. I cannot even get them out of my mind, and I cannot finish them nor can I talk to anyone, so instead I sit in my dorm room all day feeling like I am being sucked into a great black hole.

I feel like Alice falling through the hole, except it is not leading me to a wonderland, just a barren wasteland where I see my future dissipating away. Earlier I have been depressed but it was never too late; as in I had troubles motivating myself but I managed to hand the papers in at the very least and managed average/slightly above average grades throughout.

But somehow this semester things just accumulated and I have been trying to find things to bring me out of the slump but I feel very lost.  The thing is that I am on a very difficult academic program abroad on a scholarship. Since there is no way I can fail, I just cannot live with the thought that I would fail this semester. I would like to be able to pass. I would like to go back in time and undo my mistakes. I would like to talk to someone in time to figure out why I am feeling so depressed.

 But that is not possible. So, I do not even know what I would like to happen. The future looms like a very dark shadow. And I feel ashamed and sorry for letting my family down.

 I feel like I am broken and that nothing is going to fix that. It is a horrible feeling. And I feel lonelier than ever which is bizarre since I am really a people person. I am super social and very active in the school activities, so emailing my academic advisor and telling him all this feels horrible and I have not done that. I feel like I am letting myself and everyone else down.
  
But sometimes, just sometimes, I feel like what is the point of this all. I feel like I will be chronically sad. And that this depression is like waves. It comes and goes and grips me when I am the most vulnerable. 

**UPDATE** I feel especially sad today. I am in a lot of pain because of my wisdom tooth and feel extra vulnerable right now. Not thinking of doing anything specific but I started to arrange my things today. That scared me. Feels like the first step to saying goodbye.