I feel awkward posting about this but I need somewhere to go because I don’t like talking to people I know.Let me give you a little background story...
Around half a year ago I had lost a lot of family. I had a lot of tears. I lost my entire friend group this year and it’s been difficult. Thankfully, I have two people that I can still say I can hold dear. I’m thankful for that, but my mental state doesn’t want to listen to that. I did nothing wrong to loose my friend group. I was talked about behind MY back extremely harshly yet they were able to manipulate the rest of my friend group into thinking I was the “bad guy” or however I should word that. I get really emotional occasionally. Sometimes I ball my eyes out and sometimes I’m pissed of to the point where I just want to beat something. I feel like I somehow did something wrong, that I deserve to feel the way I do and be treated the way I do but I hate. Feeling. Like. This. I don’t want to wake up and half the time I l dread falling asleep because I know I’m just going to wake up feeling the same way in the morning.

Anyways,
Around a few months ago I made a pact with my best friend to never.... you know. My apologies, it’s sort of difficult for me to say, or even type. But I’m sure you get the just of what I mean. Honestly I’m extremely surprised on how long I’ve kept that pact but I really, really don’t want to anymore. But I don’t want to let her down. I love her and she’s extremely “it was my fault” person, you know? Apologies again for not knowing how to word things correctly. I’m not sure how to deal with this. I don’t want to open up to her about it, because then she’ll worry and she has a handful to worry and stress about as it is. I don’t want to add to that. And if I do end up not being able to fight that urge, how the heck am I supposed to tell her? I wouldn’t not be able to because the guilt would build up inside of me.  It eats at me every day for feeling the way I do and wanting to do the things that I want to do to myself. The things, the EVERYTHING that I keep inside needs to be let out but it’s too much to just SAY.

As for my weight, my mindset just keeps getting worse and worse. It makes me feel ugly and gives me urges to (you know) that I don’t need on top of everything else. I don’t want to eat but if I don’t than everyone gets suspicious, but if I eat too much they warn me not to because of my genes. I hate it I just, ughhhhh. When I wake up, I look in the mirror and compare myself. I hate what I see. After I eat I compare myself. No difference in how I feel. My knowledge keeps reminding me that progress doesn’t happen over night but my insecurities keeps reminding me that I’m ugly.

I’ve been set up for therapy appointments but I can’t tell the therapist anywhere NEAR how I actually feel without being sent to a mental hospital. 

Point is, I want to do really bad things for myself because I feel like a pile of crap, but that comes with consequences that I’m not sure how to face.

I feel really terrible just posting this because I don’t want to give anyone ideas or anything of that sort, but I just feel like a bubble that won’t let itself pop. Hopefully that makes sense. I don’t want anyone else to feel that way because opening up is not entirely a bad thing. Whenever someone opens up to me it makes me feel good that they have someone they know they can come to, and I don’t like to come to people which is hypocritical, but practically everything in this post is. I’m not very good with knowing how to word things. I hope this all makes sense.

Sorry for the rant, and it may be off-topic? Not really sure. This is my first post here.