Im for once, totally and completely done. Two years has been enough torture.It's a long story, one that been eating at me for two years now. I simply can't take it anymore. Er, prepare for a wall of text.

Here's the story, reddit. Two years ago, I had a cousin. We had grown up together, and were as close as could be. He moved away to Haida Gwaii (Queen Charlotte Islands), but we still kept in touch through texting/ phone calls. He always had a lot of problems at home. His father fairly abusive, his mother who sat back and watched. Always had trouble in school too, bullied, etc. He had suffered from depression since maybe the age of 10, but we were so close he always came to me for help. I was always happy to oblige. 

A few years after he moved to the Charlottes, things began moving downhill at an alarming rate.  I always got phone calls from him after his father was finished beating him, or yelling at him. A twelve year old boy like that, who was just forced to move across seas, and trying to start anew in a new community, it was too much for him. 

Anyways, one night, I get this really desperate phone call from him. That was about 8PM. I exhausted from not sleeping because I was at a friends house before, and I figured this was just another one of his rants. I guess what I mean, is I was so tired that I didn't really try to help him, or offer him advice as I usually would. I barely managed to mutter a reply when it was necessary. 3AM came, and I guess he could tell I was falling asleep, despite my best efforts. Rather suddenly he says "Thank you, for everything." And hung up. I didn't pay it any attention, didnt try to call him back to see why he suddenly closed off, just laid down and went to sleep.

roughly five hours later at around 8:30 I got a call from his mother. I was the last one he had called of course, and she was calling me to tell me, to my great horror, he had hung himself. She had gone in to see why he hadn't gotten up for work as he should have, and found him. I was horrified. How? Why? 

Surely this had to have been my fault. He came to ME for advice, and I was the one who let him down. I was the one who didn't put any effort into helping him out, when he needed it most. I was the one who was thinking about sleep, when he was needing help. The ONE goddamn person he actually trusted, and i let him down. 

It's been eating at me constantly. There isn't a day that goes by where I dont think about what could have gone differently, if i said this rather than that, if maybe I talked to him for an hour more. 5 hours feels like a few seconds. It's all my fault, surely. I know i've been told otherwise, but I can't help but feel as if this whole thing sits upon my shoulders.

My friend, she's tried to help me. She knows what it's like because she used to be suicidal. But actually paying attention I noticed that all trying to help is doing is making her depressed again. I never liked going to people with my problems, not ever. But this is a last resort. for her sake, for everyone else's. As I sit here staring at a coil of rope from our last camping trip, im asking for help. Asking for some way to stop me before I fall. Because right now, the cliff im standing on, its cracked and crumbling, and im about to delve into the abyss below.