No sight of a possibly good futureSorry for the way this is phrased, but this is kind of how I feel right now (TLDR, I have nothing to show for me, while everyone around me is excelling)


Have you ever… had that moment, where you realize everything you’ve done until now is a fabrication of your own imagination? You’ve really built nothing which you can show of yourself, no serious friends, hobbies, artifacts of pride or sense of self. You try to let go of what you think you could have been, because it’s all come crashing down that yes, not only is there always someone better than you, with more motivation than you, but that too tired to even try anymore, and everyone else is improving. 


I feel too cowardly to do what other people do every day, and I’m drifting, a lost soul endlessly mourning the bleak future. I have magically obtained an ability to make staring at a wall enjoyable, the vast blankness of a stare more comforting than that of feeling like everyone is growing when you’ve just stopped. I’ve lost at all that I had promise in, someone has stepped in and taken that spot, while my skills simply decline away. WHY ARE THEY DECLINING AWAY? I don’t know. Maybe they weren’t there to begin with, and that’s why I’m realizing everything is a fabrication. Maybe I truly haven’t done anything, while those stupid hobbies of others, I now realize, are priceless. They’re developing during the time of their life where they’re supposed to find themselves. Me? I’m twirling around lost, wasting away everything I thought I’ve built. Nothing holds any large means in my life anymore.


I'm a freshman in high school, but one who was told on the regular that they would be great, largely considered one of the most academically excelling, kindest and extracurricular excelling people in middle school. I don't mean to sound arrogant, but that's where I think I was. People would thank me all the time for helping them, I was starter of three sports teams over the course of the year and first chair in orchestra. Now I'm a 2nd string, falling asleep in class, low GPA who can't even bother to help other people or care. Everyone who I thought was "meh" (and I feel so guilty about this) is now excelling. My self esteem has taken a large hit, and I can't think about where to begin to feel like a actual person.

Sorry if I sound like an entitled brat, because I probably am, but right now I see no possibly good future and to me, I'd rather not see that happen, and therefore suicide seems very viable, even though I am probably too much of a coward to do so.


How do I get my life in shape? Reattain my grades, and get to the point where I can help others. Possibly get back into shape and make friends, real friends?

Thanks for reading this massive wall of text

Edit: a word