I have destroyed my lifeFuck it, might as well write something. Not even sure why, guess i'm still hoping for some sort of miracle. It's not like i'm a big fan of the whole dyeing thing, but for the past few months i just felt like there is no other way.  
  
For the last few years my life has been nothing short of hell. A college dropout with absolutely no skills, no job or hope of ever finding one. I have been living with almost no income for 2 years now, and the little money i have been able to earn from the little work i found here and there was at no point enough for even rent and bills, let alone anything else.  
For 2 whole years i haven't had a decent meal, most of them consisted of several slices of bread + just a little something to make it bearable. I can't even remember the last time i bought a peace of clothing, shoes, ...  
It's just tiring. Eating same old disgusting food day after day, wearing the same old worn out clothes, shoes with countless holes in them that you could smell from meters away, not being able to go out for a drink with friends, ... Just 2 god damn years without a single good thing happening to me, a single thing to brighten up my day. Nothing but 24 hours a day of anxiety, worrying, depression, suicidal thoughts. Those things take a toll on a person, both physically and mentally.  
My health has deteriorated, and with no health insurance i haven't even been able to afford a visit to a doctor. I have lost about 20kg and i'm currently down to 60.  
Mental part is even worse than physical. Constant anxiety and feeling of impending doom, almost having a heart-attack every time someone rings a doorbell or i receive a phonecall... No person should live like this.  
I have alienated myself from most of my friends, but feeling like shit and not having any money haven't given me the opportunity to hang out much.  
The only one i still see everyday is my best friend/roommate, who, i'm afraid, has also grown to resent me because of the money i borrowed from him about a year ago and still haven't been able to repay.  
To make things ever worse, i'm several months behind on rent and bills, and today should finally be the day i get kicked out and left with nothing.  
I don't know what to do, i just can't live like this anymore. I have tried taking my life before, pills did absolutely nothing and i couldn't grow ball to jump off the building. Finally got some rope, but just my luck, i don't even have a place to tie it to and hang myself.  
No idea what to do next. The very thought of ending my life scares the shit out of me, but i can't take one more day of this.