A big ass pity partyAm I the only one that is literally ruining relationships over sob sessions. Like full on fetal position on the floor in the bathroom headache crying. I had a manic afternoon yesterday. I’d like to say that is was triggered by nothing but I’m PRETTY sure it all stemmed from anxiety which was me over analyzing the fact that someone I really like has slowly decreased in interest for me. In all reality I can’t tell if they genuinely have bc of my constant pity party’s and the nasty feeling of internal dread that I’m constantly complaining about or if that’s just what happens as time goes on, they are less interested in what i have to say, no more good morning or good night texts, basically just comes around to fuck but we’re dating? Idk all in all I know people get sick of my shit. Maybe not the fact that I suffer from these episodes but I genuinely will not do anything to change it. My whole life’s a fucking mess (I mean it’s not the worst it could be, I have my own place and have a job that I’m slowly fucking up also) but the subtle changes that I panic over usually tend to be them drifting away. I can feel it. I know when people lose interest in me.  And I’m coming to terms that it’s completely my fault. I went to the river to kill myself yesterday. In all reality the whole walk there I kept thinking about all the reasons I shouldn’t and subconsciously knew that I totally wouldn’t jump off a bridge but for some (attention seeking) reason I still walked there at 10:30 at night and sat there for like 45 minutes and fed off of my anxious thoughts and sadness. In all reality It totally makes no sense. I have a constant longing to be loved all hours of the day and that is not fucking possible. I want someone to see me how I see them. I GLORIFY people. I always have. But it seems like making someone feel to good about themselves makes them feel less good about you. Or maybe they’re just sick of the pitiful dark conversations I start. Idk all in all I hate my head and I gotta get medication but I won’t because all I do is push it off and screw myself more and more everyday(((: this probably made no sense I’m sorry but please give me any type of suggestions