Possibly pregnant, suicidal after past abortionAbout a year and a half ago I (21f) was already at a low point. My parents were getting divorced, my baby brother was facing jail time, I was under crazy pressure at school. I was unhappy in my relationship and I had absolutely no money. I was abusing weed and alcohol to deal with everything and if I was totally numb to the world I was having a good day. I got sloppy with birth control at that time, I just didn’t have any space in my head to worry about it. I ended up getting accidentally pregnant and I had an abortion. The day of the doctor’s visit I went to the clinic with my boyfriend where we were physically and verbally assaulted by protesters. I was called horrible things. They surrounded me with huge posters of images of aborted fetal tissue. At the office, they forced me to have an ultrasound and look at the fetus. Even after I took the pills I couldn’t afford the days off work, so I went to my job, went to classes, did everything while I was bleeding so intensely I had to change my pad every half hour. The pain was the worst I have ever felt. I vomited for days. And when it was all over, I had to face the concept that I had murdered my baby. I no longer believe that that’s what I did- but I was raised religious and conservative and the shame runs deep. Anyway I was so ashamed and humiliated and felt so guilty, like I was a literal murderer who deserved to die. I could never tell anyone what had happened. Still, no one but me and my bf know. It’s a secret that I have carried for almost two years now and not one day passes where I don’t feel a wave of nausea and panic when I remember what I did. I told myself when it happened that if I ever got pregnant again I would just kill myself rather than deal with everything I dealt with again. 


My period is late now by a couple of days. Every day it doesn’t come I get more and more terrified that I might be pregnant. Tomorrow I’m going to buy a pregnancy test and if it’s positive I have a really hard decision to make. I’m a days drive away from an abortion provider and I don’t have a car. I will have to tell my mother I’m pregnant, and she will disown me. It would be better for her if I committed suicide rather than have an abortion or a child outside of marriage. I feel so trapped and scared