What do you do when you're just kind of fed up with life?Hey everyone, this is my first post on here. 
Sorry its long a f.
I'll start off by saying a bit about me, I'm a 28y/o male, new home owner, decent paying career, engaged to my highschool sweetheart (getting married next year, been together for 11 years). Seemingly the dream for alot of people. People say I'm an overly outgoing/positive person, which I feel I genuinely used to be but now it's more just a show I put on in public/at work in an attempt to make people feel as good about themselves as I wish to feel about myself then I take off my mask when I'm alone.
 I spent my whole life struggling financially with what seemed to be no future for myself at the time, made it past all that to what people call "success". Now that I'm kinda where I've aspired to be in life I still can't help but feel so fucking depressed/mopey all the time. I feel like I get no joy from the things I used to love doing, I have virtually no fear of dying anymore (which makes my job as a correctional officer((don't judge me, it's a job/career that pays my bills)) much easier to get through day by day 🤷‍♂️)and I've developed this seemingly monotone soul which is getting harder and harder to shake everyday. I feel like im just tired of being alive at this point. My social life has even dwindled to the point where I feel like my friends have become strangers. I've contemplated suicide a few times in the past couple years but I wouldnt follow through as I was pre mentally traumatized by what would happen to my mom and other immediate family if I died(my only sister's not exactly in a good place either). Now I just kinda push myself through each day waiting for the next hoping it will be better than the last, some days are good, but nothing I feel is really worth being alive for 😔. The only thing that seems to keep me going is how badly my death would effect my family and the fact that I really like my cat 🤷‍♂️.  I can't help but feel like everyone else in the world is moving forward on thier own positive/optimistic waves in whatever direction they're heading and I'm kinda stuck in this whirlpool/spiral of depression, when in reality I have a life that would appear to be great from all exterior angles. I thought being by myself would make this worse but being alone is one of the only things that I actually do enjoy. I often feel more lonely around people than when I'm alone, strange right? 
Feel free to chime in with your similar stories or suggestions before I go get prescribed antidepressants as a desperate attempt to be happy again.
Don't take this the wrong way, I'm not prying for sympathy, solutions or attention, I simply needed to vent this to someone as I feel have no one in my life I can talk to about these things without worrying someone or them telling someone else and everyone ending up being involved in my shit.
So, to the internet strangers I go! Lol
I hope everyone has a productive, wholesome and meaningful day. I wish everyone nothing but the best in all aspects of their lives. 
Thank you for reading this