apologiaI don't know how cohesive or grammatically sound this will be.

In March I dropped out of university (ending up with straight Fs for the quarter). Right now the website says I am in good standing but I'm not sure. It says I have a GPA of 2.0. In CS, a 2.0 GPA qualifies you for work at McDonald's. Whatever. I started going to community college over a decade ago. I took a bunch of shit I didn't need but that was totally fucking awesome. I have around 8 classes remaining, but there is a course that I cannot take at my university (did poorly due to a combination of shitty instructors, slacking off, and feeling low). I have indeed attempted to enroll in a transferable course at various community colleges, but it is a high-demand course and I have been unlucky in enrolling. I've stopped trying to enroll. I don't even think I want to be in CS anymore. I'm in my mid-thirties and have been fucking with computers since my Tandy CoCo 2. 

A few months ago I had to have one of my incisors removed due to an abscess. I have several cavities and rotting stumps in my mouth (sometimes I hope that an infection will travel to my brain or leak down to my heart), and one of my wisdom teeth has grown such that it juts haphazardly out of my gums. My teeth have been ground down over the years (when I was a child I should have gotten some dental work but my parents never got it done -- too expensive probably), so much that that last dentist I went to asked me if I did meth or heroin (I do not). I have other medical (and psychological, I'm sure) problems that I won't go into (when I was a kid I was frequently in the hospital). Other than the odd visit to my university's student health center I have not had a regular doctor since I-was-a-child.

When I was a child I was abused sexually by my retarded uncle, and before that (I think it was before that) I recall being held under a sheet and being forced to do stuff to some dude (I don't know his relation to the babysitter).

My father was in the USN, USMC, and he did serve in the Vietnam war. I have mixed stories about that though, from both him and other people. I don't know what is true. I don't speak to my father on a regular basis (he lives on his own in my state, while my mom lives with my sister and her family three states away). He's got PTSD (his dad used to beat him too) and he has had various cancers and surgeries since probably the early 1990s. A few years ago he had a thyroidectomy because that's where the cancer was. Right now he has a tumor that he hints "is in a bad spot" but he won't talk to anyone about it. Him and my mom had yet another falling out (via SMS) and now they are not talking. The last time I talked to my dad he was insisting that I try to apply for a job at some warehouse at Norton ARB although he knows I don't have a car and it's like 3.5 hours away from me (at least). He's always been like that -- he is very single-minded and insistent.

I've never had a real relationship with my sister. We're complete opposites. I have a niece that I never talk to, and an infant nephew that I have only met on one trip out to visit them.

I have stopped looking for work. The money I do have is what's left from my financial aid (~$591). My rent is $425 every month.

My closest friend committed suicide on April 1 some years back. I never remember the exact year. His suicide note is still live on LJ after all these years. We were roomies at one point and before that we used to beige box and all that sort of hack the planet kind of shit.

If I don't do something I am going to be homeless. I can't live with my father. I won't be around to be his punching bag (verbally or otherwise). My sister wouldn't help, and I wouldn't ask (I loaned her $300 in the past but she told me she doesn't remember). We don't know each other well enough. None of my friends are in a position to help me (not that I would ask). The closest thing I have to a best friend is a girl who I used to go on BBSs with that was also a best friend of the guy who killed himself. There's a guy that's a good friend too (these are all like childhood friends) but he lives with his mom. I don't think he knows what he's doing with his life either. None of them really understand me. I'm always feeling like an outsider when I go out with them.

I entertained the thought of waiting for Father's Day because I am a horrible, horrible person. I will do it before the end of this month, though, before I have to pay next month's rent. See, I'd be homeless if I didn't do it. The people here have my cleaning deposit anyways - that should be enough to clean the carpet or whatever.

I have booze but I don't want to drink anymore. I used to smoke weed all the time and pretend I was just a fucking metal-head but the weed doesn't make things better and I am sick of living in bad faith.

Don't tell me to call a hotline, please. I don't think I want to be talked out of it. I think I just needed to type it all out.