I can't take myself anymoreI don't really know what im expecting of righting this but at this point i'm willing to do anything to stop this unbearable pain of existing.

I'm gonna give you a brief overview over my entire life and what exactly it is right now that lead me to the decision that my life is not worth living anymore.

Elementary School was hell. Had a teacher that sat me behind a bookshelf from which i wasnt even able to see the blackboard or participate in class because i was "distracing" the other children. The teacher videotaped me "misbehaving" in class to ridicule my parents and parentsmeetings. I was a smart kid. I was able to write and do basic math before i went to school. I was bored. When i was finished with my stuff I walked through the room and helped the children that were struggling. I dont see any misbehaving in that but maybe im wrong. Final report card was straight A's. Teacher still recommended that i go to a school for idiots. In my country this recommendation is on the report card. When i applied at "normal" schools not a single one wanted to teach me because of that recommendation which was just straigh up bullshit. In the end i found a school that saw my potential and didnt care about the recommendation. So i was able to get a decent education.

While all of that was happening home was hell. My dad was violent and abusive and my mother never intervened when he punched me in the face etc. i dont know if she did not care or if she was afraid. it doesnt matter to me. I felt and still feel abandoned. 

From age 9-12 my older brother was raping me over and over. Not like once a  month or something. EVERY SINGLE DAY. sometimes even multiple times. But who should i have asked for help? my father that is violent me? my mother that doesnt do shit? He even invited his friends to watch and spit on me.

With 14 i had the realization that i wasnt normal anymore. I wasnt talking alot. I stopped enjoying literally anything. Thats also when i started to cut myself.

Fast forward to me being 19. I finished school. Got my highschool diploma eventhough i was suffering from severe depression as i found out later. I also had 1 friend. Lets call her L. I got a job over 100 miles away from my parents. I moved out. Lived there in terrible conditions since i made almost no money. But i think i felt better. Im not sure since i was stoned most of the time. After 3 years living away from my parents L tried to commit suicide. I blame myself but i dont want to get into detail of why that is. She survived. I was there for her. I took all my years vacation to be there for her. 

6 Months later i live with my parents again since i was breaking down and wasnt able to take care of myself anymore. i admit myself to a mental hospital because i was highly suicidal and L urged me to do it. After i admitted myself L blocked me on all social media up to this day. This was 3 years ago. I stayed 3 months in the hospital and learned alot. I learned that i suffer from depression, paranoia, narcissm, have borderline personality disorder and have symptoms that might be a psychosis but no one can confirm or deny this. I was talking about all the stuff that happened to me. But i learned nothing to cope with that stuff. Or accept it. Or stop thinking about it constantly. 

Basically i was worse than before. Everything was fresh in my mind. But no one taught me how to deal with that stuff. But hospital said i was "healed".

I moved out from my parents again and got a job in a callcenter since that was the only thing available in my hometown. I got minimum wage, had to have crazy amounts of knowledge, had extreme stats i had to reach or i was laid off and i hated every second. I was sick alot. Like ALOT. Every 2-3 weeks i had something. From colds, flu, migrane etc.

I stayed for a whole year. Eventho i was sick often i had exceptional stats. 99% customer satisfaction with extremely low talk time etc. Then i quit. I couldnt take it anymore. The constant pressure. Knowing that i will never be promoted no matter how good i am. Constant stuggle with money. I was miserable.

So i went into a different mental hospital. Did dialectic behavioural therapy instead of trauma therapy. Learned to use skills. Which is basically just finding something to occupy your brain so you stop thinking your sick sad thoughts. Does it solve anything? No, not at all. Do i feel better? No.

In therapy i found a girlfriend. She is perfect. She talks with me. She is understanding. But im struggling so hard since i have this paranoia that literally any person on this planet is just trying to hurt me. I trust her. I know that my thoughts are not real. But it hurts so fucking much. Just a few days ago she got her period. Almost 2 weeks earlier than expected. My thought process to this situation was. "Well she was partying with her friends last weekend. She probably fucked a dude there, got Plan-B and one the side effects is that your period might come earlier or later than expected." Like what the hell? How do you even come up with something like that? I feels like i just want to hurt myself. I should be happy. She is doing everything she can. And i cant appreciate it since my mind is just thinking up storys to hurt me. This literally makes me feel like im insane. Why would i do that to me?

Now im unemployed. Get my money from health insurance. Well for the next week that is. My psychiatrist told me that he wont be writing me sick any longer. He gave me no reason why he wont continue since he is 100% aware of my mental state. That means i dont get any money from my health insurance anymore since they think im healthy. Which means i have to get money from the state for being umemployed. Getting money from the state in my country means that you are required to apply for jobs. For ANY job that the state choses for you. If you dont apply (and show up to interviews or decline a job offer) they wont give you money. Like literally 0.

I cant work. I cant even apply for a job. Im not even able to keep my small flat clean or keep care of myself. 

I dont know what to do anymore. I just want the pain to stop.