Im doneSo I guess I've ran out of options I don't really know how to even begin. Well anyway let's start with the beginning I guess. I'm 25 and I fell for a 18 year old a year ago. I taught her how to drive and overall thought I made her happy. I was always there for her on her hour of need. Well one day she ran over a guard rail in my new 2008 Ford explorer. I obviously was mad because she was on the phone with her friend and not paying attention..... So that led to me and her not really communicating anymore

Fast forward to October ( this happened in the middle of July 2017) well my best friend ended up committing suicide by hanging himself because his would be fiance left him AND there 2 year old for another guy who was done jail time (5 years for I'm not sure what) I was devastated as me and him would constantly talk about how we would always contemplate offing ourselves. well bon October 19 I got the news that my Best friend was dead he finally went through with it and I was so upset.... I wish and still wish it was me... I know that's selfish but shit ever since he's been gone my life has been a shit storm. Sadly his birthday was a week after his successful suicide. I broke down and messanged this girl who I haven't talked to in a few months( the one from above) and told her how I really felt, that I just didn't want to live anymore, I wanted to die. She responded and I asked if I could hangout with her again. ( You see I'm not a very attractive person, I've always known it and we'll this girl she was beautiful, had a great personality and had this adorable little snort she would do when she laughed, I absolutely loved it. She reminded me of my first love who ended up dying a few years ago. I loved this girl so much. I was on with being her friend but I knew that since she was still in highschool she had a lot of growing up to do. But I was ok with it, I was ok with accepting her naive nature and attitude because I understand what it's like) 

So after a while on Halloween she gets a hold of me and asks to borrow my car for the day ( after not talking to me in a while) I didn't want to do it but the thought of being able to see her for a while made me reconsider. I let her take it for the day. I was so excited to see her again. I walked home from her house and slept being happy that I was able to see her again!

Now in November she did the same thing I let her take the car we start hanging out again ( mostly me giving her rides, I always offered her money for food and whatever else she wanted. But see my best friend who died his ex-fiancee was a bitch didn't show any remorse for him dying because of her. So I offered the girl I liked ( let's call her Brooke) I told Brooke I would try to get her my deceased friends car ( we will call him Ritchie) so Brooke was happy she could finally get a car which she always wanted. So pretty much that doesn't work out I spill my heart out to Brooke tell her how much I care about her and she said to me " you think I'm this perfect girl but there is so much wrong with me" I obviously defend her telling her that it's ok. So long story short I ended up buying her a car by taking out a loan. Well here's when things get wierd before I bought her the car I would always give her rides. And wierdly enough she was always at this guy's house ( she claimed he was gay) lets call him Adam. So I would always pick her up from Adams house. The thing is though is she would spend the night/ he would spend the night at her/his house all the time. Now see Brooke never hung out with me outside of my car and getting food. So naturally it bothered me...

There were multiple times where she would be in a "bad mood and not want to see anyone" BUT I would always end up picking her up at Adams house. Wierd right??

Naturally I kinda got jealous and angry especially after I bought her the car she would always have an excuse to not come over and see me :,( . Constantly I would have her promise to come over but she never would. She would always have an excuse ranging from
" I fell asleep, I am sick, my friend had a mental breakdown and needed me, Adams sisters birthday is today and begged me to be there, my phone was broke or turned off, I never received your message, ECT

So one day on New year's Eve I planned out a speacil dinner for her and made lasagna from scratch for her it took me three days to prepare. We had the plan to have her come over for it. Well turns out she never showed up. The worst part is I would call her and she wouldn't answer but immeditaly text me saying " I'm busy, I'm stick as a designated driver, blah blah. I was crushed. I had 4 of my close friends over too and they saw me break down crying because I spent all that effort for nothing.

She ends up comming over the next night and says hose she needs 60$ for her phone. Now she didn't ask me to pay for it but I always felt she knew I would always help her. Well she eventually comes over after leaving Dalton ( where Adam lives conveniently saying she took a nap) well she stops by for an hour..... Then leaves I practically beg her to hangout Friday which she said she will try. So Thursday we get this huge snow storm legit terrible. She asks me for another 60$ for her lease? So I walk to the bank to deposit it in her account and in Friday multiple times try to get a hold of her and nothing. Until late at night she said she's been sick and I get curious drive by Adams house and what do you know there is her car. So I flip out on her w/o telling her what I did. And she pulls the pity party in me. 

Fast forward a month and she asks me for $ because she has no gas or anything because she quit her job because she just doesn't like to work at ANYTHING. I do it stupidily And try talking to her throughout the day with no real response.. again I get curious drive by Adams house yet again and there she is.... 
So I call her and she pulls it's 10:00 at night why are you calling me and I say to her why won't you answer the phone. I know your not home. And I leave it at that.

Next day I tore her a new asshole telling her I know she lied to me and played me and all this other shit basically used me ( she always used to get upset when I accused her off using me. She would always throw it in my face that I think she is using me and it makes her feel terrible blah blah.) She ends up calling me and stupidly I give in. 

Now I finally had enough and told her I'm sick of being let down and all this other shit and she blocked me on everything bi have no way to get a hold of her but she did say to go to her house and get the car back from her parents ( which Brooke lives to play the victim and I'm sure she made me to be an asshole she is the youngest of six so ya know) I told her no she needs to bring it to me which she refused. She claims she does drive it anymore which I don't believe ( she's lied to me constantly so why should I believe her. 

Now don't get me wrong I've been mean to her also but I just... Honestly I wake up every day thinking mabey today I should just kill myself and get it over with.... I have spent that past month researching ways to do it and have bought a bag of charcoal with the carbon monoxide method in mind. I tried to build up the courage to hang myself like my friend did but idk. I wish I had a gun and just one quick shot that's all it takes......

Idk I guess I just needed to vent but if I don't respond you will know my wish came true.... I'll finally be gone

Anyway advice would be nice I feel like I wrecked my whole life ... Oh and also I was onw to becoming a PTA ( physical therapy assistant) but when my friend committed suicide I just idk I couldn't concentrate on it enough which sucks because that was my dream :(

I feel like I wasn't meant to be here hopefully soon I'll grow the balls to end it

Thanks for listening
SRV
