wanting nothing is still 'something',but i want nothing and the closed ellipsis is in offense of itself. there have been times when i just wanted to sleep, or go somewhere very far away, or prove some point to people left behind, or not to prove any point but simply let it cease to matter at the end of personal existence. all of these things have too much thing-ness for what i'm feeling now.

you can fuck up something at work and wish you could just go home to sleep for a week, or get yourself involved in some love that can never resolve itself and wish that you could simply have your person without the rest of it in the way, and all of that can come out in passionate fits of wanting to die. you could be lonely and wish you lived where your friends lived, and feel like you'll succumb to the exhaustion of that distance before you even try to cross it. you can receive high praise for your first steps into the arena of your life's work and become so afraid of failure that you would rather that life end than suffer a humiliation. 

and then theres just not wanting any of it. it isn't the act or what it symbolizes, it's not even an escape. an escape needs a present location and a future location, joined by a flow from undesirable to desirable states. i don't want to assess my surroundings for desirability, and i don't know if they are even undesirable. the thought of desire at all makes me uncomfortable, and i suppose that is the problem: i just can't get comfortable anywhere. i want a nothing that is already present and presently encompassing, like darkness on the inner eyelid without there ever having been an outer.

this does come close to a bleak acceptance of simply living without attachment, but i know the small wants will come up like grass again. sometimes that's lush. i've lived a long time just to feel the rush of something to want. other times, it just itches, and i wish it would not. 

i used to worry about my experience of trauma, until i told myself it did not matter anymore, that it was the past and i had spent enough time in the past. i still don't care that much about any of what happened to my body or mind, but i wonder if that compulsion to violence against this body and mind has been left here with me. and maybe that's why, when death is something to want, when a surgical and precise act of violence against the self is something to want, all in spite of wanting nothing, surely there is a 'nothing' more featureless and nonexistent than the act of suicide - i just don't know how. i can't find it. i think i truly believe in suicide more than i believe in anything. i believe in its resolution and its certainty, and even in times of contentment, have never felt like any path or opportunity is so certain except the option to take my own life.