Just sick of it.  What's the fucking point.You're born, you grow up, you work a shitty job for a few years, you get laid off, you swallow your pride and eat shit to find more work, you meet someone you think is nice, you spend time with them and maybe have a kid or two, that person changes, you don't, suddenly they don't want to be with you anymore and your kids are caught in the middle...   

Then after all that emotional turmoil and endless working you eventually get old, get a bunch of diseases that you Wikipedia and understand exactly the way they're killing you, but it doesn't change anything and understanding it doesn't make it any easier.   Then you die, and maybe you're lucky and a couple people are there by your side when you cease to exist.   Maybe, but probably not - they have jobs and relationships to manage too and their bosses aren't very understanding when it comes to this stuff.  Being a decent human being cuts into their bottom line.

I'm sick of it.   I'm sick of having only this pointless life to look forward to.   I'm sick of being alone.   People only give a fuck when they have something to gain - even here on this subreddit, you bastards are doing this because you get a fucking masturbatory ego boost from thinking you "helped" someone.   You wanna help someone?   Go outside and talk to someone who looks lonely.  Stop fucking around on here.   Talk to someone who looks lonely, don't even bother trying to make it profound and interesting, just talk and let it the conversation go where ever it has to.   So what if it gets depressing, actually risk having a down night instead of coming here where you can alt+f4 the minute you start getting uncomfortable.  Actually give something.   Shit.

We're all so fucking busy with our Facebook and our iPhones and our goddamn blogs that we've stopped talking to eachother face to face.

That's what we have to look forward to, a future filled with people absorbed in their own bullshit.   

I don't want to live in that world.

Fuck everyone who's ever seen someone who needed help and didn't reach out.

Fuck everyone who ever stepped on someone else for personal gain.

Fuck everyone who's ever hated someone just because they were different.

Fuck my parents for bringing me into this shithole.

And fuck me for waiting this long thinking I just had to give it a chance.

There's no point to any of it.  At all.    