Suicidal girlfriend. Need adviceHi there, and thanks for clicking on my post. I'll try to make this as short as possible. First of all, I am not suicidal and I do not need any help. It is my girlfriend who has recently been very suicidal and is in need of the help. She doesn't go on reddit or anything so I figured I'd post here to get some advice for her.
 




We live in different cities, approximately 6 hours apart, and sometimes due to outside factors I am unable to drive over and visit her. Anyways, she has been increasingly moody and depressed for the past few weeks. (She has always been, but never as much as now.) Basically, she says some things that contribute to her misery are her loneliness, as well as recent arguments with me. I ask her to expand on those issues so that I may offer her advice or look for a solution, but she refuses to talk and just threatens to kill herself. Sometimes she says she even does it just to have my attention, which she has ALL the time, anyways. Obviously this worries me a lot since I cannot be there with her at this time, so I do my best to care for her from a distance.





Last night she tried to OD on I have no idea what kind of meds. I did my best to talk some sense into her but she just ignored me. She woke up and threw up, feeling really sick, however now she says it is not so bad anymore. Even now I am talking to her about it, and I keep urging her to see a doctor and a therapist, but she declines all form of help I offer her, with no reasoning or explanation; just a simple "no." When I keep talking to her, she says I'm too insensitive to her problems... Which does not make sense to me at all because I am extremely stressed over this and worrying constantly, doing my best to help her. This is where I need your help, Reddit. I have no idea what I can do for her from such a distance. She won't listen to reason and instead constantly wallows in her own misery. She refuses any help or advice I offer her as well. What can I do? I figured I could contact her cousin who lives near her to maybe help out, but I was thinking I'd save that for a bit later, probably after I get some advice over here. (My girlfriend is alright for the time being.)





I love her very much, Reddit. I want to help her so bad, but I need some advice on how I can communicate to her some form of advice... Something she will consider and understand. Or anything I can do that would prove effective in helping her.