26 and incel, can't take it anymoreSo I'm 26 years old and never gotten laid. Ever. I've tried hooking up shitload of times, however I always got friendzoned and destroyed my self esteem completely and got me social anxiety. For years now I've not even tried just talking with women, I see it as completely pointless and waste of time not to mention with my current social anxiety even talking with them would be impossible. I actively avoid them completely.

However I've been increasingly more obessed with sex, it is just everywhere I look. Every woman I see, I only think about I can never fuck her and it's unfair. It has gotten so bad, that when simple words on the internet like "gf", "sex", "relationship" etc trigger me so badly and I lose all rational thinking and it fills me with hate towards everybody.

I've been thinking about suicide for years. Drugs helped with managing it, by providing me a way to escape reality. However even drugs are not helping anymore. Nothing helps.

Recently (in last months) I've been reading more old virgins and incels and stuff, and it is so fucking depressing. Absolutely every old virgin regrets that they never experienced sex in young age and it has ruined their life. I don't wish to suffer as virgin to old age, there is nothing good in that.

Overload point came recently when I saw an article about virginity loss. On one of their graphs had a statistics about age of losing virginity. It stated that by age 25 about 95% of people has lost their virginity. That was it, I was filled with such hate and rage. 5%. I am lower than 95% of world population. I am probably even lower than hobos. I just feel such shame.

And since then I can't feel things ever to get better. Even if somehow magically I would get laid, I would still be part of the 5% that lost virginity that late. I would NEVER get rid of it. I feel like such a subhuman.

So I decided that as soon as next months salary comes, I will order my suicide method and kill myself. I'd rather die than lose virginity as middle aged loser and also be part of 5% of worst losers in the world. This is just too much. And I want to do it while I have still some rational thinking left and won't go on some idiotic killing spree on random people. Because I allready have started fantasising about it when I read some really triggering article/post.

I just feel that I was born in the wrong time, dating is so unbalanced towards men and sadly realistic sexbots aren't here yet. When they do arrive, male suicide rates will probably drop so much lol.

Yea some of you say that sex isn't everything and shit like that. I take it as rich say that money isn't everything and doesn't solve all your problems. Well, maybe not all, but they sure do solve 99% of them. Sex is most important human urge after eating/drinking and breathing. You simply cannot live without it. Especially on todays world.

Honestly I want to live. I desire to live. But my dignity and self respect(what's left of it) won't allow it. I don't want to help the society when I get nothing in return. I even hate the thought that my tax money goes to people that get laid. 

I've become so toxic and hateful person. And I just want it to stop.