Drained, Sucked, Exhausted: GoodbyeI hate my father.

I actually hate my father. I feel like I'm walking on eggshells when I'm around him. Y'know the close intimacy that can only be achieved after years of inhibition and openness? A closeness that you can only attain with the people who raised you? 

Yeah, I have a more meaningful connection with the Chinese delivery guy who yells at me for tipping too little.

Being around my father is exhausting. I feel like I'm walking on eggshells or disarming a nuclear power plant.

Small, insignificant things get under his skin. For example, when I was using my phone at the beginning of a move, he screamed, "SHUT THE HELL UP!" (this coming from a man who used his laptop all throughout a movie that I begged him not to and had selected after skimming for 2+ hours to find something family oriented and free) And then he proceeded to berate me and call me "a nightmare."

For all my faults I'm the farthest thing from a nightmare. As a teenager, I stayed away from sex, drugs, and social media like the plague. I got into good school and managed to snag some scholarships. But of course, they're worthless, seeing as I was rejected from the top tier schools he made me apply to. I'm majoring in comp sci, and he insists on that I switch to "Computer and Electrical Engineering," because of prestige. I lost 70 lbs and he still points out my weight, like I sit on my ass and eat Cheetos 24/7.

In order to make him like me, I don this fake persona. I enjoy Star Wars, plan vacations in Europe, major in STEM. Meanwhile, in my hamster hole, I harbor vivid fantasies of beating the shit out of the man.

I feel so exhausted when I'm around him and it shows. I'm so tired of looking for reasons to stay alive when my dad can just shatter them in seconds. I want to stop living. I feel like a wind-up toy with a broken key. I feel trapped, I'm sorry

I can't

I can't

I'm sorry, I feel so trapped here. I'm trying to reach out and yet I feel so alienated, it's like someone else is typing on the keyboard and I'm just peering in. Please, I need someone to see this, please, anybody, I know I'm not trying to be an attention whore, but please, anybody, please.
