Never felt this disconnected, so lostBack in may/june, a ton of things hit me like a sack of bricks.  

I was graduating, moving away from all the best friends I had made over my 4 years.  Better friends then I had ever had at home, yet I was still moving 500+ miles back home.

I got rejected to graduate school, I only applied to one school, as it was the only one that had my program, and they didn't even care to tell me more then "Other applicants were more competitive than your application", sweet... I can really readjust my goals and work towards that one.

The girl I had fallen in love with freshman year, and finally started dating my junior year... was starting to date someone else.  I got over this in time, very roughly. 

Fast forward to recently.  I'm taking undergrad level courses to help me get into Grad School, which are way below the level I should be in.  My friends at home consistently ditch me, and ignore me because I havent been acting like myself, because I've been so depressed with all these transitions.

My ex and I started talking again, because she was always my best friend.  I needed help, my Dad has been on the verge of death multiple times for non-alcohol cirrhosis.  I couldn't deal with it, my friends werent helping, so I turned to her.  She tried to help, most of the time.  

Fast forward to now.  I went back out to school to visit my sister, and my ex.  Her relationship fell apart, and she talked of how much she wanted me to visit, and how much she missed me.  Like the puppy I am, I went.  We had an amazing weekend, it was like we didn't skip a step, and it was the best of our days together all over again.  All of a sudden, its the night before I leave, shes acting weird.  And she tells me it was all an act, she was forcing herself to love me.  My life crumbled.

Why do I keep sullying my past by living this dead end life.  All my relationship hopes keep crumbling.  My friends treat me like garbage.  I'm in dead end classes that probably still won't help me get into Grad School, the only thing I've got left to look forward to.  

I was so damn happy in College, always throwing the parties.  Girls were never ending, to the point where I had to turn down girls constantly when I was in a relationship.  I always had friends there for me.  Now I do everything alone, and I cant help but thinking about ending it all, because I know my best times are behind me, at the ripe old age of 22.

I'm so tired of all the let downs.  Everytime I get excited about something new, it falls through.  Nothing meets the expectations i leave for them.  Just when I finally got over my ex, she decided to bring me back into her life, as her best friend, and as the person who wanted to marry me and move across the country with me for grad school.  Now she wishes she never loved me, that we never were.  Fuck.  I can't do anything but rant.