I've cried myself to sleep every night this week.I feel like shit. No job, no degree, disappointed parents, friends that say they're sick of my shit. I don't want to do this anymore. I look at the successful people in this world and think there is no chance I could ever be one in any sense of the word success. I can't even afford a shitty studio apartment and I'm probably going to have to move back in with my parents if I don't get my shit together. I just want to end it all. The only reason I haven't is because I know of 2 friends that would blame themselves even though there's nothing they can do. They listen, but they have their own problems, I don't want to burden them with the full force of mine, especially after so many other "friends" and even my parents have told me they're "tired of my shit." 

What's the point? Eventually, everyone I consider a friend gets tired of me. Why should I continue this vicious cycle? The highs aren't worth this kind of low to me anymore. Why should I even bother to meet people anymore when all of my friendships end the same way? I genuinely believe I'm a rotten human being. How could I think anything else? I don't even know what this "shit" I do that everyone gets tired of, I just be me and it pushes everyone away. What's the point of an existence like that?

EDIT: I'm going to try and sleep. I need help. I need to find answers. If I don't, I'm just going to end up here again. I'm not keeping anything in the house I could use easily.

EDIT2 (2 days later): Thank you for all of the responses. After talking with one of my most trusted friends (one of the 2 I was toughing it out for) I was able to find the reasons behind everyone's sudden change in attitude, and my own. I never want to go to that dark place again, so I'll be seeking help next week. This is an obvious throwaway acct, but if I remember the password in a few months, I'd love to come back and tell everyone about my progress and maybe help some people. I realize I'm in no position to help anybody right now because it's clear I need to help myself. Please believe I'm not brushing this off. I have a football game with friends I haven't seen in years on Sunday and I'll be calling a hotline on Monday. I will not flake on this simply because I realize the importance of my own life now. Thank you very very much.