i hate waking up manlegit hate it. yeah btw, fresh account for anyone who's gonna point it out, but tbh idc i don't want this shit all over my personal account cause the peeps there don't deserve it. i got told by someone on a similar page to this (on a different site for all you nitpickers) that i had to educate myself on the effects of suicide like lol ok yeah sure i forgot the person i was madly in love with hung themselves and i found their lifeless corpse and managed to bang on their chest hard enough to get them back till they died on the paramedics. sorry my constant flashbacks aren't educational enough. idk why i'm even ranting here. im not doing what he did which is use a rope and make a mess for someone else to find, i wont do a train or a road cause theres some poor bastard sat there watching. pills dont work. panic sets in with knives. i tried to do the passing out by rope method but i dont have anything strong enough to support me. i need a gun. something clear and effective. no back game. 
i wake up and curse myself for not fucking dying in my sleep. i want out. this sucks, this is shit, people are shit and the world is too. i didnt agree to this and i dont want to. 
tried to get people to understand. explained myself clearly, calmly and apologetically. got shit back. "go educate yourself", "theres something keeping you here", "refrain from posting things about positivity". sad thing is its actually not positivity. i say im here and thats it. what the fuck is positive about that? being alive? yeah thats done so much for me. i was born a queer ill die a faggot, a cowardly piece of shit. 
 ik how this shit works and i keep doing it to force my brain out of it. but i dont want to. notreally. i do it forthe guilt of not doing it. i do this for you who i dont even fucking know so why should i?
im not gonna say sorry for being rude here. idc anymore. no one treats me with kindness or respect. no one. this is me, at the real core of who i am. if i were trying to be the fake smile i put on id probably be removed cause i read the rules here and i'd clash with whats listed out. 
why the fuck am i even posting this? maybe its a mark for me on the world. maybe for once i turn this round and say i do this so i feel ive done it, not for you or the guilt i feel for you. so when i go and someone stumbles upon the shit i left on the world they can see i told you. i fucking told you.