I'm afraid I've finally fallen too far...I don't have a plan, or anything, but thinking about not being here is becoming more common.  Things are impossibly difficult and nothing I do seems to change my situation.  I've never attempted suicide or even really threatened but I feel like I have nothing to stop me now.

I grew up in an impoverished, abusive, and addicted home.  I was beaten pretty regularly and emotionally manipulated constantly and it left me a broken mess.  As an adult, I've failed more than I succeeded but still kept pushing along because I thought maybe I could make a life for myself that wasn't so bad.

It took me twice as long as my peers but I eventually finished college and even grad school.  I had a few relationships, made a few friends, scored a few jobs but nothing lasted because I don't know how to get close to people.  I craved a family of my own and so, mid-30's, I decided to move in with a guy I thought I could love and who would love me.

I gave up everything to be with him including job, car, house, friends, family, and eventually savings.  I moved across country for his work and within the first week, I knew something was wrong.  Turns out this dude is pretty abusive behind closed doors and I immediately collapsed into myself and froze for the last 5 years.

I haven't had access to medical care or a healthy environment.  I finally fought hard to go to the doctor and found out I have kidney disease and a bunch of other problems.  I have two molars that are broken in half and so painful.  I haven't been able to walk more than a few feet at a time since he shoved me to the ground 4 years ago.  My body is very weak and my mind is following the same path.

I used to think I could survive regardless of what was tossed my way.  I thought of myself as resourceful and resilient and tough.  I know now, I'm not and I can feel myself detaching from a need to stay here on this planet.  I don't have kids.  I don't have coworkers or friends or much family.  I don't have anyone who would miss me but my cats and my dad whom I support financially.  Correction, who I supported financially until the money ran out.

In the last year, so many family members have died that I'm down to only two blood relatives beyond distant cousins.  I didn't make it home for any of their funerals because I can't break free from here.  I am just completely unattached and the negative self talk swarms every other perception and attempt at understanding.

I'm not innocent. I'm not a victim.  I made a choice to stay.  I could have left before I was physically and emotionally paralyzed.  I can't now, though, and that's what has me thinking about suicide.  I think my only peace will come when I'm gone but he won't let me leave and I really have no place to go even if he did cut me loose.  I need him, as shitty as that is... as shitty as that makes me... I have no one else right now.

So, I'm here, I'm thankful there's a place I can write this down.  I haven't slept today.  I just want the bad and the sad out of my brain.  I don't want to die.  I still want a family and love.  I still want a career and to volunteer.  I just am pretty sure there's too much damage now.  Even if I got out, it would take years to fix me.

One last thing, the other night, I had the most wonderful dreams.  I normally have nightmares but these were dreams filled with vacations with my old friends, a new beginning of romance with someone who actually treated me well, and a conversation with my mom who has always been just out of sight in my dreams since she died last year.  I woke up feeling wonderful and I haven't been able to sleep since then because I'm afraid that the nightmares will take those happy feelings.  I'm fiercely protective of them because it's the first time I felt loved in so very long.

Thank you for listening.  I'm sorry so many of you are hurting too.  If I could take it all away, I would do that for you.  I figure I'm going down anyway, might as well do some good on my way out.  Actually, that reminds me of the first time I considered suicide.  I didn't even have a word for it.  I just remember praying to God, in 1st grade, that he would take me to Heaven and bring another little girl back to her family.  She died of cancer and it made everyone sad and it seemed like she was loved.  I was loved but my family was sick with their problems and the abuse was severe.  At 7, I begged God to barter for what I thought was a better outcome for everyone.  

I guess this is the road I've been on all along.   Fighting it for 30 years didn't make much of a difference, did it?  So, I'm safe, for now.  No plans, no means, but just really exhausted with life.  I'm feeling the burden of every bad choice I've ever made and it's drowning me even though my feet are firmly planted on land.  I don't know if I can dig out.  It's dark down here and there's legitimately no one who I could ask for a rope.

Again, thanks.  Take care.