A nice letter for you all  

I don’t know where to begin. It’s pretty funny to me I can’ seem to find my one and single copy of my will. Oh well, one of them is out there. Hopefully it’s seen. Whatever, hi, hello, it’s me, A. I’m probably not doing so well right now, I don’t know where I am. Let’s say sleeping? Forever? I don’t know what quite to say. Doesn’t matter now, does it. Today is February 8th, 2020; 219 days since I knew without a doubt in my mind, I found my forever. It is 201 days since I have made her mine. For you, if you’re reading this, thank you for everything. I am proud of you for listening to me and growing up; you’re slowly learning that life is okay and not that scary. Considering my current state, that really seems like an oxymoron, I have failed yet you’re (hopefully) still there. Mental health plagues me. The stress of a relationship, like for you is immense. I understand that you have the same issue but not really the same way; I AM NOT GOOD ENOUGH. Not just you but for anyone. My self esteem was fixed because of you, L; thank you. Ever since December 27th, 2019 though, I never recovered. Looking at myself, I am disgusted. I tried my best to be with you and I succeeded to what; I don’t know. I wish I was able to talk to you about issues. I was afraid of driving you away; jealousy also makes me incredibly hurt. All this for something I didn’t even need to put all that extra time and work for. Oh well, I can’t hurt you or myself anymore. I AM NOT DUMB, I see everything. I wish you had respect, for me. All of you, what the fuck is wrong with you people, B grow a pair and do something, S grow a pair and accept life and stop being so spoiled. And to my father, leave the woman; it isn’t worth your time, life or anything. I don’t care about love, destroy it, she doesn’t feel the same as you to her. L, I wish I knew if you felt the same as I feel for you. I just don’t know unless we’re alone; relationships won’t always be alone and I get scared. When I told you something, all of you, listen please holy shit. Why so toxic? When you are mad, the first person in your wrath is me; why? I try so hard and I can’t. This is so bad, why can’t I be happy consistently. What did I ever do? I don’t know, I will never know, the darkness seems more comforting. Thanks for everything. I am so so sorry. I wish I was better, boyfriend, brother, son, student and, person in general. I can’t be it all. I am sorry I can’t fulfill. I have failed and this is the path that should pursue. I am sorry. So so so so sorry.