i bought pressed pills recentlyit feels weird. every other method feels so difficult. i think about the lethality of guns, but wonder about the logistics of aiming a shotgun. slitting wrists is unlikely to work. i think about jumping off a building and worry about the passerby’s, but mostly i could never work up the nerve to make the jump, even after researching and visiting the tallest buildings in my area. i failed at hanging once when i was like 15 (yep, even failed at suicide!) &amp; now it feels even more daunting.

i just realized that i don’t have the balls to kill myself in a way that feels like it’s on purpose. it’s easy for me to hurt myself though. it’s easy for me to put poison in my body or self harm or be unsafe places. i decided to turn my life into russian roulette. i could say so many things about my life or why i’m doing this but ultimately it’s just because i’m weak, which ironically enough is a big reason i want to die. i don’t think i should be alive. i think my family would be better off without me, same with my friends. i think i could change this in theory, but i never do. i am never good enough or better enough, even when i try, and i never try hard enough. i don’t really know why completely. i just resigned myself a long time ago? like i just realized that i shouldn’t be here and from then on i knew i was going to kill myself, and that it was probably the best option, and there have been several rock bottom moments but it’s mostly a gradual worsening. i hate hope. i hate that i’ve been alive this long. i’ve wanted to die for over a decade, but i’m still here. that fucking embarrasses me. i will not survive this year. i will not survive this month. i used to want to want to be alive. i don’t anymore. i don’t want to go to the hospital or reach out to a friend. i guess a small part of me does, because i’m posting here—but i’m smothering that part of me.

i have a few pills. i’m just going to take them like they’re regular oxy, idk how strong the fent is, but i’m pretty opiate naive. i’m not going to call a friend or a hotline, or post here, or text anyone. i’m just going to take a pill. if it doesn’t work i guess i’ll wake up like it’s any other day. but i think it will. i hope it will. and if it doesn’t, i’ll do it again. i like drugs anyways. i’m going to reevaluate my method if all the pills don’t work, but i’m trying to be optimistic for once in my life. 

it’s weird. the main feeling i have? i should have done this a long fucking time ago.