Go figure. It's suicide prevention day. Just my luck. I had no idea. I have the notes written. I have the pills ready, in a neat little pile with a few sips of vodka. I came on here to just say thank you guys for your support. You're all truly amazing and you make this world a better place, one post at a time. But I'm afraid I've sealed my own fate. There's no other way to turn. And you know what? I'm fine with it. I'm comfortable, knowing I'm going to take my own life. I believe there's a sense of dignity in doing this. At 12:00pm pacific time, I am going to down those pills and go sit on my bed. But I've got nothing to do till' then. Anyone wanna talk for a few?

Update (~2:30p Pacific): I didn't go through. For whatever fucking reason. Jesus, this is pathetic. I'm seeing the doc at 4:30 today. I don't even want to go. A friend of mine is making me go. Maybe some good will come out of this. Maybe not. I don't really feel anything right now. Not happy nor sad. Just kinda sitting here in silence. Should I bother with an update after the docs? Let me know, guys. Maybe I can give some answers for someone in the same situation. 

Update (~6:00p Pacific) Just got home from the doctors. He told me that was I was experiencing was probably something deeper than common depression. (I think Bipolar. My dad has it. And there's a 50% chance of a child getting it when one parent has it.) He prescribed me Lamictal and gave me the number of a specialist who can tell me for sure what my problem is. And a number to a good therapist who accepts my insurance. Reach out, guys. Nobody is going to think less of you. I know shit isn't going to change over night. But I see a glimmer of light, and I'll be damned if I'm going to let it escape my grasp. Today has been a pretty fuck up day, as far as those go. But I'm glad I didn't do it. What's funny, is if you read this, it's sort of like watching me get talked down from suicide. Shit can only get better. That's what you gotta keep telling yourself. Because it probably will, if you give it enough time. Love you guys. 