I'm so close to finally doing it, after so many years.This is a throw-away account.

I'm 24. I've been severely depressed for the last ten years. I resolved back then in a fit of optimism that I had the strength and the power to fix myself. That I was capable of doing it. But that hasn't been the case. It's been a downward spiral. I've become very, very adept at hiding my growing illness, mainly by avoiding other people and putting on a mask of normality when I do have to interact. 

I've become an expert at holding back these feelings, or denying their existence. I don't acknowledge that it's pain that I'm feeling. The reason that I hide away, that I seek to be reclusive is because it's so hard for me to function as a person and hide these feelings at the same time that mostly I can only do one at a time. It's exhausting. So I stay at home when I'm not working, hiding away my feelings without the additional strain of having to act normal.

But one day I'm going to pop. I'm so close to it, just right now. The levee's going to break. I want to scream, cry, feel and look ugly in my emotions. I want someone to punch and hit me because I deserve it, just for being what I am. I both fear and crave a complete and total loss of control.

I also think of suicide on a daily basis. But I tend to sublimate the intense, violent feelings that I have toward myself through characters in a story I've been writing for several years now. But it's not enough to help anymore. More and more I actually picture harming myself, not thinking of a character harming themselves and others.

What am I going to do? I don't think I'd be able to relate and open up to a therapist, seeing as it's nearly impossible for me to relate and open up just to regular people. I don't have money, either. I have a job but I also have debt that eats up around 50% of my post-tax income. I don't know what to do. I wish I could save my own life but it doesn't seem possible anymore.

Edit: It's the next morning and as always, sleep seems to at least temporarily cure what ails me. I'd really like to go into detail about why I am depressed and why I hate myself. I'm very self-aware - I spend a lot of time alone and just thinking about the world and myself - but when you perceive you have no power to change what you've become aware of, it's like a double helping of absolute shit. 

It also feels relevant to mention this. I wanted to make this post gender-neutral because I thought I would receive better and less targeted help if you all thought I was male. But in order to talk about why specifically I am depressed, I'll have to admit I'm female. I don't really find a lot in common with most women. My mind is more masculine than feminine, but this is in conflict with the fact I am physically a female and I am forced to conform to what the world thinks a woman must be like. (But I don't want to be male, either. I'm not trans-gender, as far as I know.)

Okay. Here goes. Boils down to this: I am female. All females must be beautiful in this world. I am not a beautiful female. I never will be a beautiful female, thus I will never be treated well, I will never be looked at as a person but as a thing.

Fucked up and shallow, yes? I know it is, yet I believe it. This belief spawns two things in me: 1. Rebellion and hatred. Fuck the world and the people in it. Fuck beautiful people. I don't need to be part of a society that treats me this way.
2. Suicidal thoughts. If I'm so deficient in every way, I should just die. I'm not even a person.

Okay. Now that that has been said, one thing: Don't tell me I just need to wear makeup and nicer clothes. Just don't.