I think I’m going to go through with it soonI wanted to wait until after my mom’s birthday to make it easier. I wanted to live through this Halloween and maybe the holidays so I wont ruin them for anyone I love. Also, I can see if things may change. I’ve been thinking about it for somewhere around 6 months now &amp; it hasn’t left my mind. Ive been calling the suicide hotline nearly every week and I’m just wasting peoples time that they can be spending on someone whose mind still has room to change rather than me, because nothing helps. I feel bad. i try every day not to drown in myself &amp; I’ve reached out to all of my doctors about how I’m feeling, and I shared some things with people I love so there will be no doubt that I tried everything. I am sure I want to do this. 

I’m going to start giving away a lot of my stuff to make it easier on my family members. If not, I’m gonna write names on them so someone will know what to take. But I’m hoping to do it all myself. I started a box where I collect all of the things going through my head on a daily basis, mostly dying soon; so there will be less questions for the ones I leave behind. I know confusion can hurt the most sometimes. I might leave letters so people will know it wasn’t anyone’s fault &amp; that I *did* think through this well. I’ve already written my own note. I don’t have an exact date, just an idea, &amp; plans. I’ve begun doing things I’ve always wanted to do so I could leave less regret, here on earth. I am no longer committing to things and have started finishing anything I need to do for others. I’m building a playlist of the songs I will be listening to as the meds kick in. I’ll probably post again here regarding my situation in case I need to vent. I’ve tried to refrain from spending time with people so there will be less connection. 

I’m tired of things always leading to this. I’m tired of battling my own mind. I think life just isn’t meant for everyone. I do believe there is something up there. Someone near me has passed away a few days ago and my dad was whaling while crying, so I got to watch their funeral on zoom, I’ve seen news stories pop up on my feed about people my age in similar situations committing suicide. And It seems like something’s trying to tell me what I’d be doing to others if I did it but it’s never been about anyone. Call me selfish or whatever but it hurts too bad, &amp; has been hurting for so long. Everyone will get over my passing, eventually. My depression isn’t something I can get over &amp; staying alive is something with too much work for what its worth for not only me &amp; it’s for the better of everyone. I want to make sure everyone is in an okay head space before I go. I’m waiting until there’s less going on in the world. I’ve written wishes for my funeral to make planning easier on everyone. Nobody really knows I’m planning this and if I did tell them, they would think it’s their fault. So I will stay quiet.