I don't really know where to post this, but this is the subreddit I'm most familiar with...To start off with this, I'm diagnosed with bipolar disorder and panic disorder...

My boyfriend came home from cleaning up the plane crash mess in Charleston, SC this past Friday. We were fighting the whole week over really stupid stuff, but it got resolved within hours of him returning home. 

But as we were talking about it, he exclaims, "I don't know what to do here, I've never dated anyone who was bipolar before." It kind of hit hard, in the moment. I don't think he meant harm by it or anything, but it hurt. I've posted on here before and expressed my suicidal thoughts, and wishing to go through with it. Usually I delete my posts because I see how whiney I sound.

Last night, I went downstairs to take medicine I take at night and saw all of my pill bottles, and my pill holder. I take 11 pills a day and for me, most of my life that's been my normal. So an excess of prescription pill bottles never bothered me.

Then it clicked. He's not used to that. He's in the Air Force and isn't on any prescription medication, his parents were never on any, it wasn't something he was used to seeing or dealing with.

I went upstairs to apologize that he had to deal with me, and my episodes, or when I think it's wise to just stop taking my medication. He started crying slightly and told me I never had to apologize for that. He told me that he fully expected me to be irrational again in the future, or jump to immediately breaking up without a thought. I don't want to break up with him, but when things get hard that's always my first thought. That he is better off without me.

For the most part, I'm pretty stable. When I'm taking my medicine correctly. 

But I'm still suicidal. It's not fair to be in a relationship when I know that in the back of my mind, every day, I'm just wishing to have the guts to end it. Is it?

To take my medicine and feel half of myself. To not, and get manic episodes, but knowing the depressive is around the corner and I'll be back on this subreddit spilling my thoughts to you guys, looking at my gun, looking at my medicine, trying to figure out which way is better for me to end my life.

I don't deserve someone who is as supportive as him.