This is a story about how my life got turned upside down.It's been like this since 2007. I deployed for my first time. I had what I thought was a loving marriage, a beautiful child, and the American dream. 

While I was gone my wife cheated, I had no idea. She got pregnant, and pretended it was mine saying it happened while home on leave. She also ruined my paid off vehicle, and spent the 30,000 dollars I had saved for after getting home. 
A week before I get home, she finally confesses. I try to be the bigger man, and raise the boy as my own. Tell wife, we'll work it out. 

Fast forward one year later, I deploy again. I feel really good about this one though. The wife and I had rekindled. While I'm gone, she sleeps with 9 more people unbeknownst to me. 

When I get home, she acts as if everything is fine, and I'm oblivious to the fact. 
I get diagnosed with PTSD, tbi, and major depression, thus ending my career, I am Medically Retired and she leaves me. 
I finally am retired, come home, and the wife decides she wants to work on things. I'm more than excited to oblige, as I love her dearly. 

We're together for around a year, all the while she is cheating still. I'm still blind to the operation. 

Eventually one night she forgets her phone, and it starts going off. I look at it, and it's a guy taking to get about how much he loved seeing her, and fucking her over his couch. I'm destroyed. 

I spend an entire year in an old shit apartment, while she lives in the house I was renting.

After a year I finally get up the courage to possibly talk to a girl, even though I have extreme social anxieties. I start seeing this girl, and explain this is very tough for me, but I really like her.

She assures me that she likes me too, so I start to become emotionally attached. 
We see each other and fuck for 3 months and it's passionate. So amazing, it feels so good.

Then this past week, my uncle passed away on Saturday, while a great friend/brother from service, sticks a glock in his mouth, and pulls the trigger. 

When I text the girl about it, she casually says she's sorry she can't be here for me. Kind of weird, but ok. Then she doesn't talk to me for days. 

Finally after a couple days, she says only one thing. "I need my space." in just kind of dumb founded. I ask her what is going on, and she hasn't responded to me in around a week now. 

A person who I held in high regard, and we used to talk every day. Now, she has just completely cut me off. I've no idea if I did something wrong, or what is causing her to be this way. 

What I do know, is that this post is extremely long, but I'm at my wits end here. My wick is burning real low. Most days I don't even want to wake up. 
It's just been extremely tough since 2007 for me, and I'm not quite sure how much more I can take. 

I'm at the end of my rope here Reddit. I'm in this very deep dark hole, and I don't see any light. I just want to give up. I'm so fucking hurt, lost, and have just watched my life crumble around me. 

Signed, 

FML 
