Engulfed and burned by the guilt of indulgence.This story begins when I was a freshman in high school. Fairly average I would say: just started counseling for depression and anxiety, not very popular, annoying, etc. It was just after winter break and our school’s second theatre production was beginning and I was hyped because the last one was so fun. This one wasn’t. I’m more of a construction guy but we were forced to pick two crews so props was my pick. After the second meeting one of the seniors ended up asking me out and, being a stupid freshman, I went along with it. It was fun for a bit but sometimes I was teased by others including my parents for having an older girlfriend. It didn’t really bother me until at a party, one of the parents of a close friend of mine had spread a rumor that reached my parents that me and this girl had publicly gone too far in school. This forced my parents and grandparents to pressure me into breaking up with her. I didn’t know at the time that this was a good thing and so after my regret we ended up getting back together in the middle of the last production of the year. It was better and I didn’t let any adults catch suspicion this time. Just past intermission, closing night, we ended up sneaking out and performing oral on each other. At the time it was pleasurable and fun. Years later, the thought and the guilt haunts me. I feel violated by something I have no control over now. I have a difficult time getting intimate with people after that and it didn’t help that when I did getting another girlfriend I ended up opening up about all my feelings and she said I was terrifying, like a monster, she told me never to talk to her again and blocked me out of her life completely. This experience really tore me up and put things back together in a way that I want so badly to be piked by others and a girlfriend really sounds nice but at the same time getting intimate at all sends me back to these events and is only one of the reasons I want to end my own life. I don’t fit into the mold of anything desirable. It all starting piecing together again after earlier today, I was at a meeting for designing a set for an upcoming local musical and some of my peers were talking about how interesting, relaxed, and fun their lives were simply in the past week while I had only to point out that one day I slept for 14 hours and then woke up, had lunch and an energy drink, and fell back asleep. I get teased for this by my peers (when I even see them) and it just makes me feel like I’m not even supposed to be anywhere but my mind says I can’t just below nowhere. I’m so fucking lonely and sad most of the time because of this and so I just sleep because in my dreams at least I can interact with people that don’t loathe me. I don’t know what to do and the thought of hanging myself keeps getting louder and louder to the point where I can see visions of my limp, carved, and bloodied body hanging from a tree burned into my eyelids and where I can see other people’s reactions to my death. This is the only place I can think to post these thoughts. 