Feeling quite low and wondering if suicide would be easier than continuing living.Hi, I'm a 25 year old male that still lives in his mother and stepfather's house in the countryside. I have not learned how to drive yet and do not have a car of my own. I live with them and my 2 younger siblings who are still under 10. I have suffered from depression on and off since I was about 16.

My mother and my stepfather haven't got along with one another for several years now. They constantly fight and argue with each other and are always nasty to one another looking for a reason to put the other down. Dinner is the only time of the day they are around one another and it is never pleasant. My mother is retired from her previous job but wants to go back to work, my stepfather is unwilling to mind the children fulltime as he wishes to work himself despite having caused our financial hardship with his prior failed attempts at starting businesses. My biological father hasn't been in my life since I was less than 5. We live far away from my mother's relatives and my stepfather's family do not like him or us.

I was attending medical school until a few months ago but I wasn't able to go back due to low mood and suicidal ideation in August brought on by a breakup of a relationship and the suicide of a friend of mine from high school. I think my mother is angry at me because I don't want to be a doctor anymore. She has invested heavily in my education since I was young and money has gotten tight in recent years. I feel like I need to support my family financially but I'm not able for it. Until recently my mother had been very supportive of me in my illness but now she is pressuring me to go back to college and get a job. She has been critical of everything I do and it feels like she is searching for any excuse to shout and roar at me when something isn't done around the house. I feel like a burden because I am one and I just want it to end.

Due to my current situation I have no form of income or any means due to being a fulltime student all my life. I feel trapped here in this house all the time.

I want to get out of this toxic house but I have no means to do so and nowhere to go. I feel like suicide might be the best option for me at this stage but I am too afraid of ending up with brain damage if I dont take enough sleeping pills.

I don't believe I will commit suicide but there are times of the day where I feel like it is the best option for me.