My ex is very suicidal, I don't know how to help please helpSo my ex had always lived with depression even before we dated, but it came back in full force after we broke up in April. He lost some friends away at school around this time which made his depression worse, and when he returned home for the summer he thought it would get better having a break from school. Well, it actually got much worse as his parents are continuously yelling at him for his bad grades and losing his scholarship, his moms always commenting about him needing to gain weight, and even he best friends here back at home are shitty to him. We still keep in touch and hang out occasionally as friends, against my friends suggestions but idc I want to be there for him since Im the only one sometimes. He tells me they always make him the butt of the jokes and mock him even when he tells them its not funny anymore (they're shitty fucking friends who make me angry bc they think being mean is still funny) He complains hes always the butt of the joke and no one truly likes hanging out with him- hes just there. I brushed that off until i realized he really was the butt of every friend groups he's had, especially in our old friend group back at university, where some of them chose my side in our breakup and ditched him which made me angry beyond words so I'm not friends with them anymore.  Now, he keeps saying he doesn't see himself living past this summer, he has no motivation to go back to school or try and meet new people, and he claims I'm the only one who understands him. He says he sees himself living a short life, never finding anyone like me (this has taken a toll on my mental health as well with guilt) It's complicated because he's my ex but I still do care about him and want to see him happy even though I broke up with him. He rejects all my suggestions and pleas to get professional help whether counseling or medication(doesn't want to rely on a medicine to make him happy), and he says he'd be so pissed if I told his parents. He also said how he doesn't even want to get better because he knows he'll just get knocked down again and "finally do something horrible". I don't know what to do, I'm at a loss and I cant keep watching him get worse, I just wish people weren't so fucking rude to him, I feel like I always saw him as funny and interesting while everyone else just sees him as a mocking tool or weird in some way. Please help me I'm so lost on how to get him better before I lose him I'm very scared. 