I’m thinking of killing myself tonight and I just wanted to know if I should leave a note or not. What do you think?For the past three hours I’ve been staring at the blank sheet of paper in front of me thinking of what to say other than how truly sorry I am. I want to leave something behind for my parents—an explanation of why tonight it my last night, a chance to tell them everything I’ve never been strong enough to tell them. I don’t want them to blame themselves. I just want them to be happy, for them to not have my death prevent them from moving on with their lives. I want my brother to know that I’m sorry for being difficult and putting a stain on our family. That I believe in him and I want nothing more than him to overcome the situation that my family is in. There’s also a part of me that wants people to understand that I’m doing this not as an act of revenge or cry of help. I don’t want to hurt anyone. This is for myself, for my own sanity. And here’s the thing I did try to get help. I was hospitalized, I took my medication, I went to both individual and group therapy, but god I just can’t seem to get rid of this feeling that this place is not my home. I want to tell everyone that I’ve felt more dead than alive for so long that suicide doesn’t seem all that bad anymore. It almost sounds peaceful. It’s almost beautiful in a sense. To lie in soft brown earth, with grasses waving above you, and listen to a symphony of silence. To forget time, to forgive life, and to simple just rest in peace. No more pain. No more worries. Just finally slumbering forever away, oblivious to the world around you. 

But the thing is that every time I go to write all of this, my hand won’t stop shaking and my mind cannot piece together coherent sentences. Maybe all of this all for nothing. Maybe my note will just bring them more pain. Maybe they will be disgusted and disappointed to learn just how sick my mind has become. Maybe the note might be a constant reminder of my actions. Maybe they’ll even resent me for having the last word. Maybe they’ll hate me for it. And I don’t want that. I don’t want to be some sort of momento. I don’t want to leave behind pieces of myself. I don’t want my note to be constant reminder to the people around me of the girl that once was here.  I don’t want anything other than to just disappear. I just want to be a distant memory. I want to rewrite history so it was like I was never there to begin with. 

A part of me is also wants to protect my family. If I put in my paper that I died through suicide, it would just make everything so real. My family would know that my death wasn’t some accident or that I hadn’t just died peacefully in my sleep. They would know that it was suicide. And god I hate that word. I hate having to put a label on myself. Or you know what, what the hell, maybe I’m being stupid because of course they’ll eventually know that it was suicide. But what if, just what if there was a slight possibility that they would convince themselves that it was all a lie. Maybe without me directing writing a note, my family might keep wanting to hold to the lie that it wasn’t suicide even when all the evidence says something else. I know living in a lie does nothing for a person other than prolong the truth, but what if it could just help them move on.  I want to give that to them desperately, and the more I keep thinking about it, the more I realize that maybe leaving a note would be something worse than having someone kill themselves. Because a note makes everything too blatantly obvious—it makes everything seem almost to harsh and direct. 

But what if they go mad with wondering what made me do it? What if they wonder if it was their fault or if they could have done something? Because the truth is that it’s no one’s fault, and its just that I think I’ve reached the end of this journey. I think I might have even overstayed my visit on this planet we call earth, and I can’t keep doing this to myself. I’m too fucking tired. 

I don’t know. Maybe I just want someone on this site tell me what I’m supposed to do. I’m driving my self crazy with all these thoughts. I don’t expect anyone to read this honestly. I just needed to a form to release these wild thoughts running in my head. 

I’ve gone completely mad.

Goodbye. 