I dont know....I have been suffering with some sort of depression [still undiagnosed] for a long while now, roughly since middle school. Im In college [undecided major], have a lovely girlfriend, living at home with my parents still, and working a full time [minimum wage] job. Barely Making it paycheck to paycheck and failing classes. Had one of the worst mental breakdowns of my life 2 saturdays ago and went to the local psych ward the sunday after. The only reason I was not committed is because they had no room and I realize there is something wrong with the way I think.


I have been to a psychologist for 3 weeks now, one visit a week. His most recent answer to my situation is I am in Holland when I want to be in France [WTF?]. As In I am not happy where I am because I want to be somewhere else. [Long story to describe the analogy he used] Supposed to be seeing a psychiatrist next week but I cant afford it.


I believe I have the same condition my Aunt did [she committed suicide...]. No Matter what anyone says to me, I think the opposite or the worst that could happen. IE my GF says the reason she was not answering my texts is because she did not hear her phone go off, I think she os off with someone else. My best friend tells me sorry for not hanging out for the second time in a row because he though I was doing my own thing after I invited him to hang out. On my good days I can push it out of my head, on the normal days its a constant nagging. On my bad days it all falls in on me. I hate the way our world is progressing, the way my current life is, my ADD, my thought process, the fact I cant overcome this, the way I feel people view me and yet how nice I am to them, and how much I care what they think.


I have a habit of being really nice to people, giving them the benefit of the doubt a lot, and caring a lot for them because I dont give two shits about myself. Id rather make other people happy. I wont say anything to anyone when I am upset, nor will I tel them they make me upset or that they are making things worse for me because of what they say. Ill inconvenience myself for them, monetarily, emotionally, and physically. It took a lot for me to post this, because I see the rest of you and think, these people need this so much more than me, and I am taking attention away from them and no one is going to notice me over them, they are far more important.


Im having yet another meltdown as I am writing this. I dont know what to do. Ive been debating going to the emergency room and checking myself in there. I used to cut in Highschool, attempted suicide twice before this. The only reason I havent offed myself is because I Dont want to inconvenience anyone by my death. My parents loosing money over my classes, work being shorthanded, etc. I feel like a damn hamster In a wheel and just want it all to stop.


TLDR Long case of depression imploding on me majorly for the second time in Roughly 2 weeks and I have no clue what to do.