I've been numb for so long now I genuinely can't take it any moreWhen I was a kid I was the most emotional person ever. I got betrayed so many times to make me realise I am inferior. I am not attractive. I am not useful. I am not funny to be around. Looking back all and I actually mean all genuine friendships have been people that bullied me. My so called parents betrayed me and abandoned me. And I've fought for myself for so so long. I fought so much until my will to fight faded away. Family after family and home after home until I became unable to feel.

I became completely unable to make friends. I started listening to mono tone metal that didn't have any emotion in them. I stopped taking myself seriously. And when I stopped taking myself seriously the few last people in my life stopped taking me seriously. Their emotional shields raised themselves.

It's been too long since I had a real friendship. It's been so so long since I felt like someone cared for me. Now a days I just sit alone in my room all day while personnel around me talk to me in ways I know that if I had emotions I would go against. The people in charge of what to do with me now just do nothing. And I can't bother anymore. But I still feel so much pain. 

Every night I feel so much pain you can't imagine. And I can't cry or let it out and it just builds up again and again and again. I've tried to cry for so long. I'm so lost. I have no parents. I'm 18 now and no one wants to fight for me anymore. Everyone around me are so bitter and it breaks me down. I am bitter. I can't talk with anyone about it and it just breaks me even more. I'm trying to cry all the time and I can't.

All the lies from everyone. All the abuse I can't take it. I just can't take it anymore. But I don't wanna die man. I wanna have friends. I wanna get educated I know I'm smart. I wanna have a family and have children. But I can't take it. If I kill myself all the people that abused me won't be bothered. The world keeps spinning. Everyone forgets it and no one learns from it. My suicide doesn't affect anyone. Everyone is basically waiting for me to do it.

And I know what you're thinking. "You live in a place with personnel around you? Come on just talk to them!". It doesn't work like that. You can't rely on people around you even if you want them to be reliable. I can't talk to them I've tried so many times. And the torturing bitterness they have in them... It's like they themselves have depression. They're robots. I want to. I can't. I need someone external since I have no one in my entire life. Please please anyone out there just let me type to you. You don't have to respond with any solution or anything. Please though, type to me.