I have finally arrived at the end point. I'm broken, and I only see one way out.I have been suffering from depression and major anxiety issues since my early teens. I have seen therapists, counsellors and none have truly helped. Nothing works.

I lived with my parents until the age of 25. (I know, i’m a fuck up). But I managed to build up the “courage” to reach out, interview, and land a respectable job as a junior designer, moving on my own to the city. Long story short, I worked there for 4 months. Everything was great on the outside, but inside I was only growing lonelier, more confused, depressed and stressed out. I felt like the world was closing in on me. This lead to a mental breakdown and me quitting.

Now, I have spent the last 2 months locked in my apartment falling deeper and deeper down the rabbit hole. I really believed that moving out on my own, getting a job and making friends would help, but no. I’m as fucked up in my head as i’ve always been. There’s no way out.

Today, I broke down in front of my mom. She has offered me to move back home and go see doctors to see if it might be something physical rather than solely psychological. I told her i’d think about it, but i’m really not. It would be useless and would only cause my mother more worry and trouble.

So, my funds run out in 2 months, meaning I have very little time before I become homeless. I can’t find a new job, because i’ll just break down again. Essentially, i’m screwed.

My options are:

1) Homelessness

2) Suicide

3) Move back home

As a 26 year-old, moving back home would be unacceptable and disgraceful. Living at home until the age of 25 made me enough of a piece of shit. I also don’t want to go through the harsh winters and the overall homelessness experience. 
Thus, I’m planning to kill myself when I get back to my apartment in a few days.


The bottom line is that my mind isn’t well. There’s something “broken”, and no amount of healthy eating, pharmaceutical drugs or therapy can fix it. 

Please, I need some advice.
