FrayedI did not want to post this, but I freaked myself out and know I need to talk about this before it manifests into something more extreme.

I have been having suicidal thoughts over the last month.  Mostly minor things I could handle, but today it started feeling serious.  I am generally a happy, fun-loving guy.  However, I feel frayed.  Broken.

Today is my birthday, and so far only my family has wished me a happy B-day.  It sounds lame, but no comments on facebook, no texts from friends.  I have realized I have very few friends.  Looking back, I realize that every group of friends I have ever had has divorced me in some way.  I am the common denominator.  Something is wrong with me.  The cycle is starting to repeat itself.

I see all my old friends and they are doing awesome.  My used-to-be best friend hangs out with his circle...a circle that I started, and no one wants anything to do with me.

I have applied for OCS three times and have been rejected three times.  I applied to law school and just received my rejection letter.  Applying to these things is no easy task.  It took me weeks, months and years to prepare myself.  I feel like I can't win.  I don't bitch to anyone because I want to seem like I have everything together.  It's slipping.  I am afraid I can't handle another rejection.  I keep trying and trying and trying with not so much as a "nice try" from anyone.

I can feel myself slipping.  My mind wont shut off and it is overwhelming me.  I am engaged to the love of my life whom I have been dating for over 4 years.  I know I love her...but things are changing in me.  I am so frustrated.  We moved into a new place and I have spent thousands (THOUSANDS!!!!!) in appliances over the last week.  She is beginning to feel distant to me, despite us moving in together.  

I am going bald at 24, losing friends, rejected from everything I worked for.  I am beginning to get bitter and depressed which is expressing itself in anger and this terrible feeling of being frayed.  I am scaring myself.