I had thought of driving a kitchen knife through my chest just for attentionFound this subreddit recently, and I just had to spit this out.

This isn't nearly as graphic and touching as most of the stuff here, but I just had to get this out.

I was one spoiled brat back then. I came from a middle-upper class extended family, and I was the only kid in the house for years, so I had no shortage of attention from family members. But when I was 6, my little cousin was born, and now he was the center of attention. I didn't like a bit of it.

One day, my cousin had his first birthday, and everyone's eyes were centered on this 1 year old baby, whom I've garnered much hatred for. I never once thought of killing him. But I was just following my mom around, calling her name, but she never responded. She was busy in the kitchen, preparing food. But my 7 year old brain didn't think that. I thought she was busy giving attention to my cousin, and not to me.

So I laid down on a couch, closed my eyes, and almost cried. Then I noticed a knife near the counter. Instantly I thought of just stabbing my self, just for the reason to get some attention. The knife was in my hand, and I had closed my eyes. To be honest, I had no intention of actually stabbing myself. But my favourite uncle came over and I got what I needed. Attention. When he asked what I was doing with the knife, I just set it on the counter again, and said nothing.

That's it. Sorry to disappoint. It's probably not what you were expecting, but I have been fortunate enough to not have any suicidal attempts that I could share. I haven't been able to get this out off my chest, and it feels pretty good.

If you're life is tough as most of the posts here, then I have no right to judge you. But I'll tell you, from a perspective of a man who hasn't gone through anything you guys go through here, that the world never changes. We change, the people change. I changed from a spoiled, naughty, ignorant brat, to an independent, selfless person I am today. Thank you for reading