I don't know what to do anymore, every day gets worse and worse.Three and a half years ago I was diagnosed with Anorexia Nervosa. With that, I was diagnosed with depression and generalized anxiety disorder. Ever since falling into the pit of the eating disorder, I have not been the same happy-go-lucky girl I once was. 

My eating disorder began when I went away to college freshman year, five hours away from my family. Not knowing anyone around me,  I panicked and found comfort in the disorder. It broke me into a million pieces and changed me for the worse. As my mom described it to the therapist, "Emily came home after her first year at college and I had to pick her up and put her back together." I was so fragile and in such a numbing, depressive mindset that first year of anorexia. 

The next two year was a rollercoaster of hating myself and pushing the thoughts behind every. single. day. , but I was able to keep going on without *really*** hurting my body. I decided to return to a new, full-time university closer to home this past fall and that's when things got bad again. It's as if I can't be in university around people my age without slumping back into anorexia and depression. 

Now I'm back at the point where all I do is sit on my couch and watch tv because that's what I feel comfortable doing. I hate leaving my apartment but I force myself to. I hate doing daily tasks and anything that requires work. I hate everything. My world revolves around the food I've eaten or not eaten, and decides whether or not I can socialize. My mom suggested me moving back home and taking ANOTHER year off from school to get the full treatment I need. I am 21 years old and just trying to move on with my life, but this all keeps holding me back. I CAN'T take off another year, I'll be 3 years behind when I should be graduating next Spring and starting my life! I just got into the nursing program (which is INCREDIBLY tough to get into) and I need to finish a pre-req before the fall with at least a B-. It makes me sorely depressed thinking about having to go to that class in the first place, but to not take it and not be in the nursing program so I can get help? That can't be the answer, it just can't. The nursing program won't wait for me because there are many other students who want to be in it. 

I am so close to just ending all this stress and misery. It's too much. I hate the person I've become and I want the old Emily back, but she's gone and this eating disorder will never go away (as I've been told multiple times before). 