I'm in a dark place, and I need some advice....please read someone....It took alot to write this and I hope someone can give some advice or just a read, is all I ask. This is my story....

I was born in California, and me and my family moved to NY when I was barely a year old. My family being my grandparents, their 3 children (my mom and 2 uncles) and myself. My dad was killed before we moved...he was only 16. I wish he was here til this very day, and maybe my life wouldnt be as fucked up as it is. But I cant blame anyone but myself for my actions.
Anyway, I was basically raised by my grandparents up until my younger teens and my grandmother played a very important role in my life. So did my grandfather. Not saying my mother or uncles didnt but my grandparents raised me basically.
I grew up in a small decent town. Always was told I was smart and hung out with the older crowd. Was a quiet kid. I dropped out in 11th grade and got my GED. Why? Dont ask me...a couple of my good friends had dropped out at the time and I think I wanted to follow them. Probably one of the first big mistakes of my life. I dont know why I dropped out, I never failed a grade or anything at that point in life, and actually was blessed to be very smart and could of basically successfully taken any route in life I put my mind to. But instead I dropped out and started running the streets thinking it was cool at the time. Drinking, throwing parties, going to the studio (writing and making music has always been a passion) and just doing reckless teenager shit. Out of all the friends I had, I was very close to 6 of them. 6 of those friends whom I considered brothers who always had my back as I did theirs.
I started smoking weed when I was 16 and drank here and there but at the time weed was my drug of choice...
Right before my 17th birthday I tried some coke, and it became a party drug for me. I would smoke weed everyday, and drink on the weekends doing coke with friends.
I was always able to keep some type of income coming in, and moved out when I was about 22 after i met the love of my life who I'm with til this very day. We had got a place in town, and not long after got a car. Life was good.
At this point in time, I started to make decisions I didnt know was going to effect me til this day, 11 years later.
Shortly after me and her got our own place, I started selling coke to keep some money flowing when I wasnt working. She didnt necessarily approve of it, but the money I was bringing in was good. She also didnt know I was using coke, I always kept it from her because shes a mirror of me. I didnt want to see such a beautiful woman doing that type of shit. Especially the one I loved.
We were living in that place for about 2 years.
This one night me and one of the 6 friends I basically considered a brother were playing dice in my kitchen with my other 5 friends. We'll call him T. Me and T were rolling dice, betting, having a good time....
...until the stakes got high, and tensions rose. We ended up having some words over a bet, and almost faught. We almost faught because I had him up so high, and he had still owed me $300 I let him borrow the previous week to give his son a good birthday and I just felt he was trying to get over on me so when the air got thick, I brought it up how I felt like he was trying to play me and we ended up arguing resulting in me throwing him out in front of our 5 other good friends. 10 minutes later I started to feel bad (idk why but I have a good heart even when ppl fuck me over) I called him because I was going to apologize and go pick him back up but he didnt answer. Oh well.
Anyways, 2 nights later I pulled up to the gas station to grab some gas, at about 1am. As I pulled up to the pump I noticed my mom also pulling in, parking into a parking space further from my car. As she got out and didnt notice I was at the pump I ran over to her as she was about to walk into the store.
"Hey what's up mom, what you doing out this late?"
"Oh hey, I'm just grabbing some cigarettes for tmrw, im almost out"
"Can I use your lighter" I asked...i wanted to light my blunt i had in the car. 
"Yeah" she says as she reaches in her pocket, looking towards her car.
"Here just buy one, I think I left mine home, I have to get going"
She handed me a 20 dollar bill and ran to her car and pulled off.
As she was pulling away I'm thinking, what the hell? That was odd.
At that point I knew something was up. But didnt know what. I shook it off.
Anyways I got gas, I left the gas station and went home.
I smoked my blunt when I got home when my phone went off...it was one of my licks (someone who was a frequent buyer). She asked if i would trade her a ball for her script of Oxy 10s. At the time I knew those sold just as good, if not better, than the coke. And the script was a 90 count. I sold balls for 150 and I knew I could sell that script for 450 if not more. That wasnt even a question for me. Told her to  bring em, I hooked her up and she she went on her way.
That following weekend I remember coming home, opening my drawer, going into my stash and doing one more line, after a long night of partying. I sat in the kitchen and finished a drink I poured as I tried to come down. I went to bed and tossed and turned, and after a night of coke and ciroc the room kept spinning and I just couldn't sleep. I got up and went in my cupboard to get some tylenol PM when I seen the oxy bottle. I thought, you know what. I'm gunna pop one of these bad boys, I bet that will get me some sleep. Opened the bottle, slid one out, grabbed some water and swallowed that little bitch. I sat in my living room and turned on my ps3, and played COD until I felt the effects. About 45 minutes into playing, I noticed not only did my comedown come WAY down, I felt good. Really good. Next thing you know its 9am and my girls waking me up on the couch. I had fell asleep with the controller in my hands.
At this point I started using the oxys to come down everytime I sniffed coke. And that was probably 3 times a week.
  I got a phone call at about 3am later that week from one of the 6 friends I considered a brother. We're going to call him J.
J called me and was frantic. I could hear in his voice he was scared, very scared. I asked what the hell is wrong man? What's going on???? He says, "listen me and my girl just got into a big fight. She kicked me out and now I'm walking the streets. I have no where to go and have warrants man please pick me up and let me stay over just for tonight. I told him without a doubt, went and picked him up and let him stay in my studio. I had put about 7,000 towards a home studio which I had a room dedicated to which also had a twin bed off to the corner. Me and him went into the studio, talked about his problems, I tried to ease him, we smoked and I went to bed.
 The next day I got up, went in the studio he was gone. I picked up the phone dialed his number, and he answered. "Where did you go??" I asked. "I had one of these guys I know picked me up to get a couple things from my house but I'm on my way back right now, he wants to know if he can buy a ball" he says. "I dont know him bro, you know how we get down, I mean if you trust him, you can give it to him and just pay me but I dont know him" I said. "Ok I'm on the way" he replied.
10 minutes later he shows up, I look out the window and theres like 3 ppl in the car. He got out by himself, came upstairs, I give him the ball, he gives me the money and he goes straight into the bathroom. 5 minutes go by, I knock on the bathroom door, ask if hes alright, "yeah coming out now " he replied. He dapped me up coming out of the bathroom, said hed be back, and left....
I didnt hear from him all day.
That night I picked my girl up from work at 11pm.
I pulled into my driveway, we both came upstairs.
"SHIT" my girl says.
"I still have the keys for the med box on me, I need to go back and drop them off for the next shift, I'm not supposed to bring them home"
I gave her the car keys and she bolted out the door in a rush
"Be right back babe" she says.
Not even 30 seconds after she walked out the door, there was a knock.
Not even thinking to check out the window to see who it was, I figured it was her to run back in and grab her cellphone she had forgotten, so I unlocked the dead bolt and opened the door.
Boy was I wrong....
As I opened the door, all I could remember was staring into a set of eyes behind a ski mask as he quickly began to choke me. He choked me until I literally couldnt breathe and threw me backwards, into my glass coffee table. As I laid there in broken glass, I tried to get up as quick as I can as he went for the door to shut and lock it back up when he turned around and grabbed me. We wrestled around for a couple seconds in glass and he gained a full mount on top of me, choking me again. He was saying "dont try anything stupid or you're dead, pulled out a machete and put it to my throat. As I sat there bleeding from the glass, sweating, breathing as hard as I ever did, I stared in his as and nodded my head yes. At this point I knew I was going to die if I kept trying to fight back. So I started to comply. Remind you, I'm in sweats, my gun is under my couch cushion, and all I'm thinking is "just work with him, get him calm, and go for the gun". As I shook my head to imply I'm surrendering, he says, "I just want the coke. Give me the coke and I wont kill you" "where is it" he says, as hes looking towards the kitchen as if he knew it was somewhere in there. He put the machete back to my throat and says "sit Indian style with your hands behind your back" at this point I knew he was going to kill me, and the way he looked in the kitchen where the coke was, I thought this was someone that already knew where it was. I didnt recognize his voice, so I'm thinking someone tipped him off and this was a set up.
As soon as he ordered me to sit Indian style with my hands behind my back, I got up as quick as I could and went for my gun.
We started wrestling again.
He was much stronger than I was, and after a couple blows as he gained control, he was back in the dominant position. He told me to get on my stomach as he took his machete and put it to the back of my head as he started flipping my couch cushion. He found the gun, grabbed it, and started laughing. He cocks it back, made sure one was in the chamber, and goes "if you try some silly shit like that again I'll blow your head off. Now stay still"
As I laid there on my stomach, he started opening closets. The second one he opened was in the hallway where I kept my towels and other miscellaneous crap. He grabbed a towel, and some clear masking tape I had in there, used his machete to cut the towel in half vertically, tied my hands behind my back, along with with my feet, all together, in a hog tie sort of style and dragged me to the kitchen. At this point I thought I was done. In my head I'm saying my prayers and started to tear up. This was my last night of my life I'm thinking.
 He found the coke, did a giant line in front of me, and put the rest in his pocket. About $800 worth I had left that he took. He then proceeded to drag me into my bedroom and started going through the closet and all my drawers. I just sat there, tied up in silence. He found a few more hundred dollars I had in the drawer along with mine and my girls ID. He knelt down and shoved my girls ID in my face. "Do you wanna see her ever again?"
I yelled, "please, just go man, you got what you came here for". He replies, "if she shows up right now, you know I have no choice but to kill the both of you right?" "Just go man, please" I uttered. Knowing her job was only 5 minutes away, and about 15 minutes had passed, I knew she was bound to show up at any second.
"PLEASE IM BEGGING YOU TO JUST LEAVE DUDE" I implied, still hogtied, bloody, and shaking. "I want you to count to 60, and do not get up until you count to 60. I wanna hear you count out loud. If you try any funny shit you're dead." "Ok, ok" I replied. He ran out the room as I started to count. As I got to 20, I started to get up and tried to untied myself as I was still counting when he ran back into the room suddenly and boom.....
....I woke up to my girlfriend on top of me sobbing, screaming WAKE UP PLEASE.
I'm disoriented. Everything's a blur.
As I started to come to, my girlfriend was balling her eyes out. She started hugging me, asking me frantically what had happened. I noticed my left eye was swollen shut. My glasses were gone. And I had a lump on my temple the size of a golf ball.
He hit me, I thought to myself.
That mf must have hit me with something other than his fist with the damage I had to the side of my face.
"Thank you" I kept repeating to my girlfriend. "Thank you baby".
She looked at me confused as hell and says, "for what?!? What the hell happened ?!?" "Thank you for not coming home when that happened. I just got set up and if you would of walked in that door, we both would of had a bullet with our name on it with my own gun."
  I explained to her what had happened and we both decided to leave that night. Not knowing who, how or what necessarily just happened I was confused. I needed to get away and think straight. Who did this to me? Who set me up? Why would this happen, I try to show everyone extra love with all my power who the hell would do this to me?
  I had a couple things in mind, a couple people on my radar as you might have had as well reading this, but I didnt know for certain. I had to do some digging.
That night we packed and left to stay with my uncle until we could find another place.
I got a phone call not long after this had happened and it wasnt good. My grandmother....she was sick. My mom had called me and told me we were all going to her drs appointment the next day because shes getting tested and stuff for cancer.
Oh my god.
Cancer.
I immediately started praying in tears.
The next day the family went to the hospital with her.
Impatiently waiting in that room beside her bed with my mother and grandfather, as the doctor came back in. The look on his face told it all. I let out a yell from deep inside of me. "NO, PLEASE TELL ME NO" 
"I'm sorry" the doctor says. "The mass in your lungs, is cancer'
My grandfather let out a scream I've never heard before.
"Jesus christ, please tell me different " he says
My mother started crying her eyes out.
I couldnt believe it.
I look over at my grandmother and she was staring at the ceiling. Calm. Her eyes started to water as she looked over at us, and says "it's okay, please stop crying, its ok"
Growing up, my grandmother has always been the strongest person I knew. And she was the calmest one in the room at that very moment.
As time went on, I moved into my grandparents and vouched to take care of her, as her health deteriorated over time, and eventually got put on hospice. I will never forget the day she went. She was very sick that day. Kept going in and out of it, and wasnt acting normal at all. I called my mother and told her. My mother rushed over along with my uncles and sisters, and as soon as everyone sat in the living room with my grandmother in her recliner, she put her head down and passed. It's as if she was waiting for everyone to get there to go. As she put her head down the room filled with this unexplainable air. Everyone started crying, as I walked over to her, kissed her on the forehead and told her I loved her and grabbed her hand and couldnt let go as my eyes are pouring tears.
I will always remember the night before she passed. I kept a baby monitor in my room and one in hers, everytime I heard her at night struggling or anything out of the ordinary I would rush to her room and make sure she was ok. The night before she passed, I'm laying in bed and I heard her over the monitor trying her all to say something. I rushed into her room and asked if everything was okay. She looked at me and struggled to get enough air in her lungs to say, "i.....love....you...very....much.....thank....you....baby" I grabbed her hand and tried not to cry and told her, "dont thank me grandma, that's what I'm here for. To make sure you're okay" she smiled and gripped my hand tight. I kissed her on the forehead and told her I loved her. Not knowing what was to come that next day.

This is starting to get very hard for me to write so I'm going to wrap it up.

Basically the night I seen my mom at the gas station and she was acting weird...well I found out she was with T. Yeah, the T I called my brother growing up. I think he felt some type of way the night we fought in front of our friends, or maybe he felt embarrassed. Embarrassed to the point where he wanted revenge. They got together and are still together til this day. I beat myself up time and time again, always remembering that night we were rolling dice betting, and always say to myself, damn it, why cant you ever hold your anger back with people. Especially your friends, it didnt have to go down like that and you didnt have to kick him out and embarrass him in front of everyone. It's something I beat myself up about everyday. My anger and the way I get with people.

Oh....and The guy who ran up in my house....I got set up by J. My other boy I called "brother". I guess the day I called him after he left when he said he had a lick, that's who it was for. It was for the guy that took my pride and robbed me in my own house. The guy that ran up in my house and tied me up. Remember when I said J went into the bathroom after i gave him the coke that day? Well he went in there to cut it. He cut the ball so bad, it was basically all fake when he went and served the guy up, and the guy pressed J about it and J told him everything. Where my coke was, what my girls work schedule was, etc., so this MF can plot on me and come at the right time when I was alone. He was outside the whole time waiting for me to get back home that night and when my girl left, that was his opportunity. 

I'm trying to go into as much detail as I can but this is not only a struggle to write about, but is getting long and I want this to be read. I need help.

I basically turned to what i knew at the time made me feel best, and those were the oxys. I really started abusing them until it came to the point where I either couldn't find them anymore or they were too expensive and at this point I'm withdrawaling. At which point I started sniffing heroin, and now i have a powder fentanyl habit that's high as the sky. Each and every time I get high, thinking and grieving. Wishing I could turn back time.

I can say a few things tho. Thank god I'm terrified, literally terrified of needles or i probably would have shot up a long time ago. And I thank god I'm still alive. Out of the past few years of me sniffing fentanyl, I overdosed 1 time, and if it wasnt for my girl hearing me fall on the kitchen floor at midnight waking her, I would of died on that floor that night. They had to bring me back to life that night.

I've pushed the little family I have away over this bullshit, and my life is in shambles. I've considered suicide a few times in my life throughout this hell journey but never had the balls to do it and always remind myself I'm better than this.

Today I'm currently laying down in my room in rehab. I'm 20 days clean, for the first time since I started popping oxys 5years ago. But it's hard. Very hard. I dont know what to do when I get out and I'm scared. Any words of motivation or advice would be appreciated. I know this was a long one and it was very hard to write and this probably wont get read because its so long, and probably isn't even 35% of what I've gone through in my life, but I just want to open up about this. Something I've never done as a quiet humble person. I'd need to write a book if I wrote about everything. Things that movies are made from. I'm still alive and I know it's for a reason.

If you got this far, thank you for taking the time to at least read about some of my journey and any words of advice, courage, or wisdom will be much appreciated. I lost everyone, and the only one helping me til this day is my girl and my mom. Everyone else that truly cared I pushed away during this time.

I'm lost and just want my life back. I know I'm better than this but I'm losing hope by the day.