More Anxiety over Crime, again considering suicideHello all.  I'd like to preface this by saying I am the same author of this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/eh3d69/extreme_anxiety_over_crime_considering_suicide/

While I have felt much better about that specific problem in my life, I have been recently been reeling in total anxiety over another situation in my life.  Yesterday, when checking social media (Instagram), I checked the story of a kid (likely 15 years old) I knew in high school (I'm currently 18 and in college) who does and shares very stupid things on his story (such as throw shopping carts off of the top of a parking structure, and in general being very loud and disruptive in public with his friends), and I saw an extremely suggestive picture of a girl with an exposed bottom, however he placed a large emoji in order to cover a lot of the exposed area.  However, a large part was still exposed.  I was unsure if this part was covered with any sort of underwear.  His next post included him being near her (covered by clothing) bottom and touching her (covered by clothing) bottom.  I freaked out, knowing that the first post was almost definitely illegal as the girl was highly likely to be under 18.  Another thing, I have Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, and as such it is very difficult for me to get these things out of my head.  I looked at his story again, NOT to get any form of pleasure or gratification, merely to check if she was covered in the first post, as I wanted reassurance that it may not have been an illegal post in the first place.  I could not entirely tell if she was, though I do not think so.  I did NOT, in any way, shape, or form, save the image or keep it.  I had absolutely no desire to, I was quite disgusted and have absolutely no desire of keeping anything of this nature.  I can not view it anymore as I did not save the image and the story is no longer on his account.  I un-followed his account shortly after in order to prevent any scares like this from happening again.  Yet, I am still extremely anxious over this situation right now.  I know that I DID NOTHING WRONG, yet it could be a classic case of wrong place at the wrong time for me.  I really, really do not want to get in trouble for following an account that I had no control over what was being posted, and I am already very mad at the young teen who posted the story (I haven't contacted him about this as we were never very close in high school, I just un-followed him).  I realized today that it was absolutely stupid to check the story again, as even though I was not doing it for any sexual gratification whatsoever, it still is accessing the material.  I felt tremendously stupid, and feeling like I am the prime example of a person caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.  I am feeling tremendously anxious over this, and death is something I have really wanted to happen to me since this happened yesterday night.  I would rather be dead than get charged for a crime over an extremely unlucky situation I found myself in.  Please, anybody help if possible, suicide is looking tremendously appealing over the insanely high amount of anxiety I have been experiencing throughout the day, I have fantasized about a murderer coming into a building and saying one person must die, and that I volunteer myself in order to end my current anxiety and suffering and prevent others from dying.  Please help.