Well, today's the dateI am 40 and until I was 35 life was great.   I was a lawyer earning lots of $ with a great partner who was also a top lawyer whom I loved very much.  But I lost my love, my career and my relationships with my family and friends over my drinking and gambling problems.  Bit by bit those issues deprived me of everything that was important to me. 

5 years later everyone is waiting for me to get back to what I used to be like.   But I just can't do it and almost everyone has given up on me.  I have been to counselling, AA, GA and have had great advice from all those that supported and believed in me.  I just can't follow it.  I am either not strong enough or I don't have enough self resect for myself to care about doing the hard work to recover from my problems.  All my peers and people in my life that are important to me are getting on with their lives - careers, families etc.  I just can't move forward, I simply continue to regress.  

I have a partner who is at her wits end over my problems.  She is waiting for me to change but I just seem to fail.  She doesn't want to deal with them, she has her own issues like everybody else does.  By 30 I was worth $5m and life was great, now I am broke and leeching off her.  We are talking about terminating our relationship over the fact that I can't move forward with my life and she has grown tired of waiting for me to get it together.  I can't blame her. 

The fact that my family won't engage with me hurts the most.  Going from golden boy to persona non grata, albeit over a period of time, has really stung.  At Christmas it is the worst, none of my family even bothered to see what I was up to or even call/text. I wasn't invited to the family celebration.  I could have worked harder on dealing with my issues but I did not and they take a tough love approach.  Now I pay the price.   

Despite seeing psychiatrists, taking anti depressants and going to GA and AA my life has not progressed.  To avoid ongoing misery I have decided to take my own life.  I have been researching suicide methods for about 3-4 months now which is something I have never done before. Despite being bullied at school and having the same problems everyone else does in relationships and life generally I was not one to consider suicide.  I've grown up and lived in a world were suicide doesn't happen to friends and colleagues.  I can only think of one person that has done so and he was one of the most successful people I knew and it was a shock.  Things for me have changed though and everyone I know knows it so I don't think it would be that much of a surprise.  One friend even mentioned to me to make sure I don't top myself when we were talking about one of his friends who I didn't know and who was considered it (he was convicted of a serious crime and was facing years in jail).  

I get about 3 hours sleep a night and spend the rest of my time working out how to terminate myself on the most painless manner for me and with the least pain for the person who has to find my body - my current partner - and deal with the consequences (stress, the coroner, family and others feeling guilty etc).  In an ideal world it would be great to 'disappear' and save everyone the whole 'I can't believe he topped himself' discussions. But in this day and age you are electronically tracked everywhere you go and to believe that you can just disappear somewhere is simply a fallacy. 

I went to a popular suicide spot where people jump but I couldn't do it. I fear heights.  Aside from buying Nembutal, which may not get through customs and takes weeks to arrive and must be bought with bitcoin if you have a reliable source because assisted suicide is illegal, the method has to be short drop hanging.  I woke up this morning planning to buy the rope as I was previously planning to use an extension cord but these apparently snap. 

This is not a cry for help.  This is just a statement of mentally where I am at.  And it's not good. 

