Terrified of what I might do.I've been feeling suicidal on/off now for a few weeks and I'm terrified of what I might do.

For some background, I'm a trans woman, currently studying for my Masters in Plant Science, but lately, I feel like things have just been stacking up higher and higher and it seems like the only way out is suicide. I'm reasonably sure that that's depression talking, but it's just so hard to see any sort of good coming out of things in the future. It seems that like whenever things get rough, my default go-to response is to seriously consider killing myself, and I'm terrified that one day, I might actually end up going through with it.

I've been trying to see a pysch with the university, but I learnt today, not even three hours way from my appointment that my psych was sick and that she'd have to reschedule. She's pretty much the only psych at the university that works with trans people, and she'll be going on vacation in about two weeks so I will probably only have the one session. If I think that she's not terrible, I'm considering seeing her at her private practice during the summer. I've also considered trying to see another psych here that does work over the summer, but given how the person I saw for my assessment when I first showed up as a result of feeling suicidal thought that referring to a trans guy as her friend's daughter was perfectly fine, even after a supposed sensitivity workshop with regards to trans issues, I'm more than a little dubious of the quality of the psychological care I'd receive from people who don't specialize in dealing with trans people.

I've been finding that the university has been a pretty shitty environment. Part of this is due to the repeated incidents of not respecting their own preferred name (and from less than one week in my first term, an actualy legal name change that was also filed with the university) policies due to what seems to be incompetence and departments never speaking to one another. A well-documented complaint about this to the Dean of Students has yielded nothing to date, despite assurances that I would been contacted with results of the investigation within 2-3 months (it's been four and a half months). 

The actual work I'm supposed to be doing (since my productivity has been just about nil in the past two or three months) is shitty and painful (yay for manipulating metal at -20 to -25C for hours on end without being able to use anything more substantial than nitrile gloves to protect my hands), but maybe I just need to toughen up or something. A simple meeting with my supervisor or even just contemplating to go in to the lab in the morning to work has managed to leave me feeling shaky, nauseous, scared and contemplating killing myself on more than one occasion. I've heard from most people that graduate school is supposed to be tough and make you feel miserable, but it shouldn't be making you feel like you're actually going to kill yourself.

When I tried going to see a counselor about when I first started feeling suicidal (maybe a month ago or something? I don't remember exactly), I basically got a tough love sort of approach to things that basically summed up to "Life sucks and shit's unlikely to get better, you're going to have to learn to find the less shitty bits and have those carry you through the rest of the time", which I found to be pretty unhelpful.

Other than this, however, life is pretty nice, but it just feels like it doesn't matter, and that every once in a while, especially around times of high stress, my brain will just go back into seriously considering suicide, including methods of doing so.

I'm not even sure what this post is about at this point, and I don't know if I want advice, compassion or even just to be able to rant/bitch/moan about things, but I figured that this would be a good place to go.