I'm the girl depressing drama movies are made of.That pathetic existence... a total cliché. I'm broken for so long I've managed to replace sadness with rage. Now whenever I feel sad and depressed, I get angry, put my headphones on and play my angry playlist. I know that's not better... now everyone thinks I'm careless and grumpy af. I just HAD to build this wall. If I didn't have that rage, music, video games, computer stuff, tv shows and art I'd be dead by now.

I'm 36 and unable to fit in. Yeah.. classic parents issues... My mom used to be all about her, She wanted me to be that perfect little girly thing that she was, like I was her Chihuahua. Painting my room all pink and forcing me to wear dresses even if I hated all that cuz I was a little tomboy climbing in trees and hanging out with mostly boys...  

When a was really young, she even locked me in my room an entire summer for some childish stupidity I made. When I wasn't acting the way she wanted, she threatened to send me to a coven. She wouldn't let me do anything by myself like cooking or anything, like I would break something. She only acted like I owed her everything and had to be her slave.

I grew up as very dysfunctional woman because of that. I was so angry at her I couldn't think straight. My dad was almost alcoholic, abused me psychologically and beated me a couple of times so no place felt like home. 

When I started to have boyfriends, my mom seemed jealous or I don't know. She even told my first boyfriend he shouldn't be with me cuz I treated him like shit and wasn't a good girl, all that in my fucking face. And she was right.. I was treating him like shit, because I didn't know how to love and be loved right and I was so angry at everyone. My lil brother was treated like a prince, she only cared for him and her boyfriends.

She and me was a constant battle, as a teen I was so enfuriated and depressed by the perfect families  my friends had that I started smoking weed and drinking to forget my problems. After 1-2 years that lifestyle made major anxiety pop out so I had to stop. 

She kicked me out the house saying a was selling drugs to youngsters around.. lol so not true. I went to live with my father which wanted to smoke weed with me and was hitting on my friends, was constantly making rude remarks to me and comments about my boobs... so awful. I got the fuck out as soon as I could to live with my boyfriend....

My life never got better because those parents weren't meant for the job, I often told them I wasn't feeling well, that a wanted to see a psychologist or something, but they just didn't listen and told me it was only a lack of self esteem... (oh yeah, and why am I lacking in that department exactly?? Doh!). I was often sick and had weird health issues probably due to stress and they never gave a shit.. hell, my mom even told me she didn't want to bring me to the optometrist because she said I only wanted glasses for the look (hahahahha in the 90's, believe me, glasses weren't sexy). My dad had good health insurance but never wanted to use it for us, so forget the pricey dentist appointments.

There's so much left to be told but english not being my first language, it hurts my brain...
Anyway, I'm a fucking mess... I've been struggling all my life trying to forgive my parents for their inadequate parenting while being angry at the same time.. I wanted to be more mature than them, the fact is.. I'm not. I still feel like an unloved teen at 36. I'm no adult, I'm useless.
My mom died of cancer and even if I took care of her during the battle and we got a little closer, I was still mad at her when she was dying cuz she was still giving me orders and wanted me to forget myself to be her slave. I didn't want to be mad, I knew it wasn't right to be angry at a dying mom... but I couldn't do otherwise. I feel so guilty all the time about this... I'm feeling like a bad daughter, I must be... I'm so stupid and careless. 

I feel bad and guilty all the time for being who I am, a crazy fuck who kicked all the good people out and can't do anything worthy with her life. When I was in my 20's I still had some hope. I was cute, had a different personality, had some talents, never had a problem finding a boyfriend. Stupidly, I got rid of the good guys and treated some like shit in fear of eventually disappointing them with my going nowhere life. I can't have an healthy relationship. 

Now I'm stuck with a guy with issues of it's own who's totally unable to treat me the way I need... 10 years or so of silent inconsiderate pain. If I leave, I know I'll be alone forever cuz I'm worthless now. Ugly, constantly sick, empty, useless and destroyed... he just killed what was left of my pride. How could I get passed all of this... impossible. So I dig my head in the sand, watch horror movies, listen to my music, play video games and just wait for the right time to go. Nobody will miss me, all that's left is my clueless dad, my instagram happiness picture brother and my selfish boyfriend  who looks happier doing anything but stuff that involves me. How pathetic my life is... reasons to stay alive = 0.

I've fought 'til now, but I'm totally exhausted and hopeless today. The grey zone is gone. All I see is yes or no, dead or alive, relief or pain... no way out. Too overwhelmed by the darkness weight to get up again. My last drop of energy was drained by my boyfriend, nobody will magically shake a magic wand my way to help me get better and I can't help myself.. I'm hiding in my basement most of the time, avoid people and sink and drown. No more air. I'm done. Soon.

I know you don't want to hear about my life.. 






