People are rich off of me, and it haunts me every dayLet me start off by saying, I am a 23 year old male, who has been a deadbeat loser living with his parents for most of his adult life. I'll try to keep my story as short as I can, believe me or don't, it took a lot for me to post this. Skip to the 5th paragraph if you don't care to read it.

About 5 years ago I had an incident on a bad LSD trip w/ some "friends" that landed me in the hospital. While I was drugged out I started rapping and singing. Which excited me because I thought I finally found something to do as a career. Well, unfortunately the medical staff took advantage of the situation, and proceeded to strap me to the hospital bed, drugged me up even more, and stole all of my songs from me. This incident has probably given me PTSD (not officially diagnosed). I have nightmares, flashbacks, and an extreme distrust towards others. 

But it turns out this has been going on longer than I thought. And the hospital incident was actually a set up. This part I've only figured out recently because I haven't had any memories of this up until now. When I was 4 years old in preschool, my teacher got the idea to steal a song and get rich off of me from me when were chatting after class. To keep it short he pulled me aside one day and said he was rich off of me. This led to him manipulating me, drugging me with all sorts of different narcotics, mainly LSD. I was his "songwriting machine". During this time he had gotten more people involved (including my classmates) tortured me, micro-chipped me (I suspect), and infiltrated my life. And he wanted to wait until I got older to make me aware of this.

These people have probably made millions and millions of dollars off of me. And this is no secret in my hometown, at least it was to me for the longest time. Pretty much everyone I know is aware of this and has kept it from me, including my family. There are probably dozens of people who took advantage of this and are now rich off of me. One of the worst things is, they are probably going to do everything in their power to make sure I never become a singer/rapper, or successful for that matter.  My life has been violated, and I highly suspect my computer and smartphone are infected with spyware.

Fast forward to now. I am a recovering addict, have been burned out of my house from the Camp Fire in Northern California, and am still living with my parents, currently working a barely-above minimum wage job at a casino swapping cash boxes out of slot machines and ATMs. It is my first full-time job. I am a college student, trying to get a Certificate of Achievement in Computer Programming.

I know, this sounds kind of ridiculous, why don't I just pursue this? Well this has been absolutely soul-crushing. I feel like a giant failure and a laughing stock. I have not been able to write a song, sing or rap well since that incident occurred. And all the stress of working full time and being an adult is piling up on me. I should make it clear that I am not posting this from a depressed state of mind, in fact there are many things that I still enjoy in life. Video games, the guitar (I started learning over the past few months), my dog, my family. And there is still a part of me that wants to be successful. In a way I guess you could say this has pushed me and turned me into the person I am today. I pride myself in being a good writer, and a kind-hearted soul.

Now let's get to the good stuff. Suicide.

I've never been one to flirt with suicide in a serious manner. I've always joked about it. But this really hits me hard these days and I just want to end it all. In fact, I actually bought some rope from Home Depot with the intention of hanging myself. It has been sitting in my drawer for a few weeks. I also bought a semi-automatic pistol not too long ago, along with some ammunition. Haven't fired it yet, I have bought a case and lock for it though.  I intend to become a good marksman.

As I am writing this, I do not want to kill myself, but I know it will hit me again eventually. I don't have many friends anymore and feel afraid to talk about this because I feel no one would believe me. Which is why i decided to post it on this subreddit. Believe me if you will, I just needed to get this off of my chest.