I really hate every single part of my life. Guys I've been feeling this way a long time now. I really am just having a harder and harder time each day justifying why is life like this. Here's a brief synopsis of my story. 

Dad abandoned the family when I was 5, causing a lot of issues. My brother, who was the closest person in my life at the time, borrowed some money from me three years ago, the day I gave him the money was the last time I ever saw or spoke to him. I've heard from various people things he's fabricated about me, and I can't believe it. Mom always puts a ton of pressure on me, and I found out two years ago that when I turned 18 she took out credit cards in my name and maxed them out......

Because of all this family issues, I've done horrible in college, probably around a 2.0 gpa. I can barely even muster up enough money to eat every week. 2 weeks ago I lost my job, and the guy (it was a small firm with 4 employees) is actively fighting me getting unemployment. I spend most of my days trying to figure out how I can make this little money I have last until I get a paycheck from a job I don't have. Not to mention I'm graduating with more debt than I can possibly pay off. 

1 year ago I lost all my friends. Someone had stolen something from one of our friends, and I guess some people thought it was me, when confronted I offered to replace the item but said I didn't steal it. Everyone took that as an admission of guilt and I never heard from them again. 

Girls, I have no luck, I've only had 1 gf for 2 months. I am constantly rejected, most recently by a friend who I have grow really fond of. Now the thought of us not being together, or the though of now she will be with someone else just kills me. 

I just don't think life should be this hard. For years I've constantly asked myself what is wrong with me, I keep losing the few relationships I have. I feel alone there are days when I don't even speak a word cause there is no one to talk to, and my failures in other parts of my life are just making things worse. I've felt this way for so long, but now it just feels like I'm advancing to the next day each day just to get closer to death. 

When you count things I'm thankful for, there's honestly not much, I don't think a single part of my life is anything but terrible. I use to always hear "things will be better" but year after year they just keep getting worse. 
