My Suicide Attempt Record is renewed. i wanna power to my lifeHello, It's been a long time for writing. so why i writing for r/SuicideWatch, few minutes ago i attempted a suicide. my home is 19th floor, so it's mainly thinking / protocol of suicide(even ordinary times)

so i already have 3 times suicide attempt(using a leather belt in my neck), and today i try run out windows, maybe mother stop to this, i'm not writing for this. you know.

The Start is selled apple watch 4 LTE model. so i think sell to A model, but buyer deliver B model. buyer is very kindly people, but i have PTSD, so Stress is stop to all thing. buyer is anger, but i'm not treat for this. returning money is not my wallet, and he not believe my voice(Stress is all stop the this.) my mind is full of regret, and he asked parent. luckily my mother is sleeping, i'm see the my mother's negotiation to kind buyer, suddenly my mind is full of sorry for mother and everything, and going to windows three times... maybe that kindly buyer listen to my voice 'i wanna die'.

mother complete to deal (returning money to him, and back to sell thing), my mother is shocked, but my mother is very strong people, and i have few swoon to talk to my mother. my mother said 'keep a strong mind', but i don't know this re-happening i going to this.

anyway, my record of suicde attempt is one plus. and i call to my country's hotline, and shovel to lorazepam(my emergency pill). so promise to not call to police(i not wanna go to another record), counseling for this.

this writing is some arrangement for my mind, maybe lorazepam's power. today's sleep maybe calm, and i promise and plan to going counseling to my district's mantal health center(i wanna CoV level is fine), and frankly speaking for my doctors.

some anxiety is remain. this thing is maybe appear my life again, maybe i going to again suicide permit, this very bad scenario, but it's very high probabity. also today's happening is sorry for my parent. i always i gave to sorry for my parent.