I am at the point where I am more afraid of living than I am of dying!I am 29 year old male, and I am a complete failure. I have made some really regretful choices. They are not choices that affected anyones else's life but my own, but I replay everyday what I should have done instead. I try to tell myself that I made those choices because of severe depression and anxiety. Both of which I have been suffering for the last 7 plus years. Lately within the past month I have been dwelling on even little memories where I felt that I made the wrong decision, and reacted to people in the wrong manner. I have had moments on replay in my head and it is utter and complete hell.

For a little background. I have not been to a therapist since I was 11. I was forced into therapy because I was sexually molested by a family member at 9 years old. I hated going to the therapist, I refused to tell him what had happened, instead we played chess, because I would not talk. My Mom eventually gave up on forcing me to go. I hated my time at the Therapist and I think that is why I refuse to go now. My mom before she left society a week ago due to her own mental health issues, begged me to go get professional help. I refused and I continue to refuse. I am now at the point where all hope is gone, there is nothing left to salvage. I am not a good person. I have no more friends, due to isolating myself. Eventually people give up on you, if you repeatedly ignore them. I have not been on a single date in five years, and my virginity is still intact. I am close to all five of my siblings, and I know that they will be extremely affected.

Some days when I am feeling less depressed then usual. I fantasize about being married, and having kids, but I quickly come back to reality. Someone such as myself should not pass on their genes to offspring. The thing that hurts so much is that seven years ago I was in a place where I could have gotten married. When I was younger I had this plan of how my life would when I was "grown up." I dreamed of having a life in which I am surrounded by my family that I created. None of that is going to happen. It is so painful to type out all of this. I wish that I was not such an emotional person. I am not typing all of this to get help or pity from random internet strangers. I am hoping that I might gain some clarity from reading all of this back.

I apologize if none of this makes sense. It is a complete ramble session, and I am not going to go back to edit.