Looking for specific resources: what if your reason is because you are unable to find the right kind of person to have the right kind of relationship with? (I've already tried therapy)Psychotherapy can't actually find someone for you, and it isn't a replacement for real relationships. Some people talk about it helping you "gain the skills," "improve," etc. but it's just a bet, and perhaps a bad one. There's no guarantee you can become "good enough," or that even if you are, that there will actually be the right kind of person available. When "work on yourself" is suggested to someone at risk for suicide, then it seems to me that the real motivation is to redirect that person to spend time working one some goal in an effort to at least delay suicide. If it works, great, if not, then it did enough anyway, since there are an infinite number of "sub-goals" for a suicidal person to try before suicide. Repeat it enough times and that person will eventually die from some other cause.

It seems there is no real help for me. Dating coach? Match-making service? I've already looked. You're welcome to give me specific suggestions (in the US) but anything less than finding a woman I'm attracted to to be in an intimate and sexual relationship with me just isn't going to fit the bill. All the other "normal" ways? Friend? Hobbies? Family? Church? Bars? Online dating? Nope, already tried those too, and they didn't work.

There are no alternatives or partial solutions that are good enough. Here's how you could test if a solution is good enough: would you be willing to go without the kind of relationship I know you know I'm talking about, forever? Is your alternative just as good? Are you indifferent between your alternative and that actual relationship? Are you living your actual life that way right now, and if you commit to living that way for the rest of your life?

Now it's an "emergency" (depending on how you'd use that term). Usually when this is brought up with a therapist it goes something like this:

Me: This is an emergency, my life is worse than being dead, and I can't make it good enough.

Therapist: then call 911 / call a crisis line / go to the emergency room.

Me: Are you saying they'll connect me with the right kind of person for me to have this relationship with, and they'll agree to it? What are they going to do for me?

Therapist: ...

(Don't bother saying "you need to be happy on your own first." If that's what you think then start reading from the top again.)

They don't answer because they know the only "help" is to make it harder for me to complete suicide. **There is no real help for me: they won't make it so that I don't want to kill myself, they'll just make it harder to do so, leaving me suffering as much or worse than before.** My problem isn't wanting to kill myself, it's having another problem that is so bad that death would be better than continuing to live. I need *real* help solving that *other* problem.

So, since you all are so convinced suicide is never the solution: provide realistic solutions for me. If you want to provide support for me I'll need you to include enough information for me to use a specific, definite resource. If you want to support me, include enough information for a reasonable person to conclude that it will work. Waiting indefinitely, therapy, or medication are all things that I'm telling you in advance that are not solutions, so you can go ahead and keep them to yourself.