I'm mentally exhausted, depressed and I hate myself.As I write this, I feel like I've hit an all-time low. Like I'm being a drama king or something, for dumping all my problems here, in order to seek attention or something, but I don't have anyone to talk to about this stuff.

I'm 34 years old, unemployed and live with my parents; I think that's a good start to why I feel the way I do. Typing that previous line immediately makes me think of George Castana (I'm even starting to go bald), so I guess that, but in real life, except without the constant meeting of friends.

I do have friends, but only a select few, and most of them are siblings, so I guess when you think about it, I only have 2 friends. One lives almost a dozen miles away and neither of us has transportation, which is usually handled by the other friend, who is very busy with an exhausting job that leaves little personal time for them, much less me. I might see them once a month for a few hours, twice if it's a laid back month.

From the age of 13 to about 28 I suffered from a weird urinary tract problem, which as a man, had left me too embarrassed to address. I went to a hospital when it originally surfaced (just as I had started high school, unfortunately), and had minor surgery that I had to take medicine for, but my mother was insistent on me not taking medication, and shortly after my problem was surgically "corrected", it returned like maybe a week later. I honestly never really understood the situation, as no one directly discussed it with me, but I continued to suffer in silence for 15 years; over half my life.

It caused me a lot of problems over the years, as obviously people talk about you when it takes you like 15 minutes to use the restroom, which ruined my confidence, not to mention the pain involved. As the years advanced, I eventually got a steady job that I hated and worked at for 4 years, before leaving for a few years (during which almost all my grandparents suddenly passed away in succession), before being asked to come back to that job.

This time around, the pain from my medical problem was becoming increasingly greater, and I was starting to wet the bed. During this "phase" of my life, I had always fantasized about suicide, but at this peak, I hit a dark time and told myself that if I didn't get help, I should just end it.

Fortunately, at the sixth month of my second time at this job, I got insurance, which I immediately used to see a doctor in private. This was a big deal, as I had always lived with my parents and never really had any privacy, nor the confidence to do such things privately. The doctor ran some tests and basically told me that my bladder was so full of fluid, that he was surprised that it hadn't backed up into my stomach and killed me long ago. I immediately went into surgery, which caused my family to find out about my situation.

Weirdly enough, they didn't make a big deal about it, which made me feel like I should have been more open about it from that start, and after the surgery, it was like a new chapter of my life opened. I felt great for a long time after that, even when I eventually left that job again. That basically brings us upto now: a few years after leaving that job.

The previous story is important, because I almost forgot about that part of my life (I had effectively blocked the trauma of it until now), but in truth, it molded the mindset that I have now. I feel like I did back then. I feel tired and depressed, alone and pathetic.

I have no job, because I live in the middle of nowhere and have no transportation. At least that's what I tell myself. A man is defined by his monetary contribution, so it's all my family talks about when I see them. In the rare moment that I saw my uncle, he would harass me about being a leech on my parents, despite me not really being a drain on them; I've been living on money that I had cleverly set aside from when I was previously working (although that's about to run out). This is mostly because my father never really has anything good to say about me to his relatives, and even when we worked together at the aforementioned job, he would file untruthful complaints about me to my employer, which ruined my credibility with them. As you can tell, I don't get along with my dad, but am living with him, but that's a mess for another time.

The bottom line is, I feel like crap. For about a year now, I've felt "drained". I occasionally get bursts of joy from doing the stuff I love, but at most it fades after a week or so, and it gets less and less each time, sometimes a few days. I'm a huge nerd, loving Anime, writing (mostly tabletop related scenarios, think Dungeons and Dragons content) and video games, but I honestly haven't been able to enjoy much lately. My confidence is so low over the past year, that I can't even bring myself to pick up a pencil or type out anything interesting, without having a panic attack.

I spend a lot of time escaping reality through gaming, but it's pretty short-lived lately, especially due to the social aspect of it. I don't really have fits of anger, but today I lost my nerve while playing a game online and threw my headset, breaking the thing into a ton of pieces. That's really unlike me, and it scared me.

Despite being anti-social, I've gone to great lengths to make new friends to game with or even do other people's activities with, just to make a genuine connection with someone, but always with a couple weeks, people forget and even go to great lengths to avoid me and I don't know why.

Thinking back, I've always felt like a "Fly on the wall" when around people. My friends will go on and on about stuff, and when I attempt to include myself, I either get ignored or talked over. I'm not sure it's their fault, their good friends, but I have a soft spoken voice and kind of get trampled over easily. This is why I enjoy nerdy activities like Dungeons and Dragons, as I get to be in charge, to tell a story and other people have to listen to me, although as stated before, I rarely have anyone to indulge in that stuff with anymore, hence confidence issues.

Over the years, I had attempted to tell people about my pains, but everyone either dismissed my issues (because I'm a man) or tried to compete with my problems by telling things about themselves that they thought were worse than my situation (which only makes me feel worse). I feel like I'm stuck in this endless cycle of depression, which for a long time left me unable to maintain a normal sleep schedule, which people only judged me more for. I am currently sleeping "normally", although I've noticed that all my worries are starting to slip me back into my old self (I've been going to bed at 2am, instead of midnight, so it's begun).

I'm lonely. Not just because I'm single, but because I have no one to relate to. Every time I try to talk to someone, even online, they always excuse me that their too busy. It's like no one wants anything to do with me. Which makes me wonder... why am I struggling so hard to hold onto everything?

I don't think I would ever actually do anything serious, like suicide, but I'm just so mentally exhausted. I feel like a lot of it is that I need to get out more, go walking and exercise, and what not, but I have trouble doing stuff like that without motivation, and no one ever wants to motivate me to do anything. I'm alone.

I've you've read this far, thanks. Sorry if it kind of devolved into a rant near the end. I'm kind of just writing in the moment and lost my train of thought. I had a message planned at the beginning, but then my fingers just did it's own thing.

To be honest, I'm not really sure what I'm doing here. I don't think writing this will make me feel better, but I've already committed like an hour to this, so I might as well finish. There's a ton of stuff I didn't write here, but I've already wasted enough of everyone's time.