Suicidal but not depressed?Hey so um,

I don't know if this sounds strange or not,
But I tried to kill my self last about 2 months ago, and it didn't work but still I don't feel like I did anything. Nobody knows about it, I lived alone at that period and just like, swallowed around more than 100 pills a mix of parkódín, voltaren, paratabs, some sleeping pills (less than 5) and then just a mix of something I had in my pill stach. And I was very drunk, the only reason I called an ambulance was because I got Parasetamól poisoning and believe me. It. Was. Hell. If I ever attempt to take my own life again it will never ever be attempted that way. So just basically woke up 8 hours after the attempt, was throwing up yellow gall, and woke up every half an hour just throwing up for around another 8 hours before deciding so wasn't just sick from it. From then on I had to have 3 blood tests( believe me I hate needles.) Worst 24 hours of my life. 
At the same time now, after being over that I tried it, I didn't feel depressed, and I don't feel depressed now. But still somehow I feel so insensitive to death and myself dying. If I was standing at a high enough building I would just go for it. I'm actually pretty okay with my life, I manage to travel, not being in debt and yeah, I travel a lot. I'm from Iceland and actually in Germany at the moment just chilling in Berlin before so go to Istanbul and then Egypt-Jordan-Israel (have a lot of friends in Israel from spending 2 months there earlier this year).
I know. I feel like I'm ungrateful. Although I don't come from a rich family I work for all of the things I do for myself. And I have the opportunity to do anything I want. 
Does anyone else just feel the same?
I have a lot of history of depression, and this last year after being dumped by my ex I have never been better, just me focusing on my self, working a lot and traveling A LOT. 
But still somehow feel myself so useless I want to stop existing. I do as much as I can, i feel like I'm a good person and that I'm happy with my self in what I do for homeless people with all extra money I have.
Blegh just babbling on right now, just having one of these existential crisis, sitting alone at a bar thinking about this, like a switch flipped into just stop wanting to exist without being sad about it.
