It's my birthday in an hour, and I'm sat in the spare room with some pills and razor bladeI'm about to turn 24, if I even make it that long, and I have nothing to show for it. I've not even been in my first job for an entire year, and the reason it's my first job is because I was too lazy to get one while studying at University. I just kept using my mental health as an excuse to "focus" on my studies, and not get a job.

I'm in a five year relationship with a man who has the ability to make every arguement my fault, which is fine when it is or when I have blame to share, but it makes me feel crazy when I'm certain he's at fault and I'm being made to feel that I'm actually to blame. Every arguement he talks down to me in such a condescending way as if I'm an idiot, and then wonders why I'm so uncomfortable to bring up any issue I have in our relationship.

We live with his mother and step father, who are nice enough but make it quite clear that they look down on us somewhat. We're not tidy enough because we watch an episode of tv after dinner instead of immediately washing the dishes. We enjoy a pizza every now and again, and ordered a few takeaways when I was struggling with joint pain and couldn't cook, therefore we're always unhealthy - of course they ignore all the home cooked meals I've prepared.

And then there's my job. I love the job I do, I'm a cleaner, but I customers treat me like total shit on a damn near constant basis. I already spent 20 years of my life being abused by my relatives and bullies at school, to have total strangers treat me as beneath them simply because of the job I do, it's soul crushing. I used to be able to get by, because I got on really well with my coworkers, but that's all changed. A lot of them having been making passive aggressive snipes, and any joke I make is met with the utmost seriousness and turned against me. There's also their patronising of me for wanting to do hours that no one else wants to in order to earn some extra money, because apparently I'm young and not yet frightened of "the tax Boogeyman". Any opinion I have is brushed off because I'm too young to know what I'm talking about, and therefore I'm irrelevant.

I'm just so tired of trying and getting nowhere. I don't know if I'm going to take my life or not, I just grabbed anything that could do the job, and took it all into this room with me, just in case. I've tried watching some videos that usually cheer me up, but it's not helping this time. I feel empty, hollow, and alone. I'm not writing this to reach out or get help. I just want to be heard without being made to feel bad for it, I wanted to clear my head of all this shit to see if it would help make me feel better, and, if I do take my life, then I wanted this to explain why.