This is the endI’ve decided. I’m going to down the bottle of 800mg ibuprofen in the kitchen tonight. Hopefully this will be the end. I want to find peace. I’ve already made my decision. I feel... calm. The calmest I’ve ever felt regarding suicide. 


Mom and Dad, I’m so sorry I never grew up to be the daughter you had hoped I would be. I know you wanted me to do something great with my life. I really tried. But your baby girl is so tired. She’s fought long and hard and she just wants to rest now. I’m sorry that my resting is death. I never meant to hurt you. Thank you for adopting me, and giving me a real shot at life. It means more to me than I’ve ever had the words to tell you. I love you so much and I always have, and always will. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that sooner. 

To my brother, I know this is going to be so hard for you. You’ve been my best friend since childhood and I could never ask for a better sibling. You’ve been there for me through everything. I want you to know I am so so proud of you. You are so smart and so talented and I don’t ever want you to give up on your dreams. Keep going to nursing school. Take pride in all your accomplishments, no matter how big or small. Your life is precious and you are a unique and special person and I love you so much. Just know that I will always be watching over you and cheering for you. Thank you for dedicating 18 years of your life to being the best brother your sister could ever ask for. I love you and I’m sorry. 

To A, my best friend for the last four years: we’ve grown apart with time but I’ll never forget all the horseback riding we did together in high school at your neighbor’s house. Those horses and your friendship gave me everything to look forward to as a teenager and I’ll always cherish those memories. Thanks for being my friend through everything. I’ll always love and remember you. 

To J, I know I promised you I wasn’t suicidal anymore after I confessed to planning my suicide last month but I wasn’t being entirely truthful. I’m still hurting so badly and I’m so tired. Just know that I always wanted to be there for you as best as I could and your problems were always important to me. I also want you to know that I’m so glad you survived your accident back in October. I hope someday you find peace and solace and know that there is a whole world of people who love you. 

To D, my ex. God I love you more than words can describe. You were everything to me. You are so wonderful, please never forget that. I’m sorry things ended the way they did. I’m sorry I was so terrible to you after. I never hated you and I’m not angry, I’m just so hurt. But I love you more than anything in the world and I always will. Please never forget that. Thank you for the time you gave me. I’m resting easy now. I love you and I’m sorry. Goodbye my darling. 

To my coworkers, thank you for always trying to make me laugh and smile on a bad day. Your kindness means more than words can say, and you have been such a wonderful work family to me. I love you all and I’m so glad I got to know you guys. 

To my therapist, I’m sorry I was so beyond help. I really did want it, but I’m so tired of fighting. Some people are meant for this world. I am not one of those people. Thanks for doing everything you could. You gave me a lot of relief from my pain whenever we talked. You’re a wonderful therapist and I’m sorry for letting you down. 


This is the end. Goodbye everyone. I’m so sorry.