I honestly just want to die.Now, I know the title is a pretty common one, but hear me out.

I know I'm not alone, I have a lovely SO who loves and cares about me, and I can name at least 3 friends who I can name off of the top of my head who would be devastated if I were gone.

 I shouldn't think my existence is totally meaningless, right?

Well, that's where this all over the place block of text that was formatted on mobile comes from, because I most likely am worthless. Anywho, back on topic, I only really exist for my SO and those friends I mentioned earlier, and even then I feel like they all just pity me. Like they all stick around because they fully know how useless I am, and they don't want a suicide on their hands.

I mean, I've had people do it to me before, and who's going to stop it from happening again. Every time my mind goes on that thread of thoughts, I just can't help but lay there, and continue to be worthless for the rest of the day, not even showing up to class. I just can't really find a reason to get up other than to take my dog out, feed him and the cat, and go tidy up her litter tray.

Now l know, it seems small, and I shouldn't worry about it, but when your entire family besides your grandpa pretty much constantly states how worthless you are and how you're never going to amount to anything, be alone, and just an in general disappointment, it's pretty big, because you don't want to lose that kindness that you had never really had gotten before, people to open up to and be able to actually enjoy spending time with and don't treat you like garbage for being a schizoaffective.

I know one of the most common comments are going to be, "Just move out and move in with your SO, problem solved!" Here's the thing, I live with my aunt since my mother pretty much dropped me on her when I was a teenager, and since I work with her (Kinda have to do that to pay rent) I can't move otherwise I'll have no job and just be a burden on them, since no one really wants to hire someone with mood disorders out the ass. So I guess I'm just stuck with endless yelling, occasional hitting and being locked outside in the backyard once in a while.

I know my life isn't that bad, I truly understand that, but it seems like my way of stopping myself from being a burden to others and not being an endless disappointment to everyone around me.

Tl;Dr just a moody 22 year old who worries about things they shouldn't and constantly worries about being replaced.

Edit: Thanks for the help I guess...