might as well just end it nowidk what is wrong with me but i’m fucking destined to be alone. it has to be my fault somehow :(

nobody has ever liked me back or wanted to start a relationship with me in any way. this has affected my self esteem so insanely much, loneliness is literally the root of all my problems: i get worried there’s something people just intuitively hate about me, so i over analyze my physical appearance every chance i get. i worry too much about what i eat and how much i eat so i can have a nice body and so maybe just maybe someone would think i’m attractive enough to look at. nights crying about not being able to afford plastic surgery to fix what i see wrong with my face, because maybe it’s my face, not my body that pushes people away.

i have never been catcalled or flirted with by a man, and while i’m grateful that i have never had to deal with this or deal with harassment, it fucking makes me feel so unwanted and unloved that not even some dude on the street thinks i’m pretty. i just want somebody to think i’m pretty. the worst part is i genuinely think i am a physically attractive person. but obviously there’s something i can’t see about myself that is so vile and repulsive that nobody has ever tried to start anything with me my entire life.

loneliness has put me through the worst depressions of my life. it sucks feeling like you have absolutely nobody that cares about you, but it sucks even more knowing that it’s completely true. it’s not even just relationships, i have never had a longterm group of friends, and i have dealt with multiple “rejections” from friends who just cut me off and decided they didn’t like me anymore. back in high school when i couldn’t drive i spent every lunch period alone for two years. i felt so fucking pathetic every day. nobody fucking cared. i don’t know what the fuck i’m doing wrong. it’s so hard to live like this. if this is the way my whole life is going to be i might as well just end it now. i try so hard to be a loving and kind and funny person, and people have told me that i am those things, so why am i so alone always always always always

one time this girl told me i was smart for not dating anybody all throughout school. i laughed in the moment but that comment hurt so damn much. if i had the opportunity?? i would be dating left and right. i crave so much physical affection that i have never received. i cried again that day because it reminded me of how nobody wants me. i have spent hours in my bed sobbing about loneliness. life is too much for me to handle on my own. i feel like i have zero emotional outlets, and who would want to hear me cry about how i feel alone anyways. they don’t understand that i have genuinely felt this way my entire life. it hurts so bad. it’s not that i haven’t tried making the first move either. i talk to people, flirt with people, try to make new friends, but it is never reciprocated.

back in fall of last year, there actually was one guy who started to flirt with me. the problem was that he didn’t actually like me at all. he has tried to get with every fucking girl near him, so while he was “flirting” with me, he was also flirting with girl 1, girl 2, girl 3, girl 4, etc at the exact same time. but of course i fucking fell in love with him at the first sign of affection because i thought i was somehow special.

he hurt me so fucking bad. i was not special at all. he was the first person in my entire life to show ANY kind of attraction to me but it wasn’t real. at all. i genuinely think this is going to ruin all of my future chances at a relationship. i can’t fathom anyone feeling attracted to me at all. if they are, it’s a fucking sick joke on me. i am completely and utterly alone. the same amount of alone as i was before this guy came and ruined any progress i was making on my self esteem. not exaggerating when i say i cried for 4 months straight after this happened.

the horrible thing is that he gets away with it. because every girl starts to get feelings for him because he gives them attention, and because he’s an attractive person. they think they’re special!! just like i did!! once the girls realize he’s a horrible person he cuts them off and moves on to the next girl. he’s already dating someone new that i KNOW feels the exact same way i thought i did. but he is not genuine. she is going to get hurt the same way i did. i want to scream and cry so hard. 

the only reason i care so much about what he does is because i still have feelings for him. i know he’s a horrible person, i know he doesn’t like me, i know he would be a bad partner, i know he would probably cheat on me once he found another girl, but my stupid fucking brain won’t let go of the little bit of attention he gave me 8 months ago. i still have feelings for him. because i’m so fucking alone. i fantasize about being in a relationship with him to help me feel less alone. but it only ever makes me feel worse. how can i be so unlovable that someone would just use me as a toy to flirt with so he can get other girls. i’m worried i’ll never get over him. which is horrible to think about because we were never a thing in the first place. 

i don’t know what to do anymore. i don’t want to keep living like this. i’ve read every article on what to do if you feel alone, but i’m sick of taking myself on dates and trying to meet new people and driving by myself for hours and hours just to distract myself and cry more.

i started a new job recently and i have no idea what i’m doing, it’s just a minimum wage retail job but thinking about going there makes me want to vomit from anxiety . i feel as though every person in the building despises me. i feel so completely alone in this world. i want everything to end. i have no one. i never will. i don’t feel like i deserve this. it’s getting so hard and i don’t know how much more i can take. but i would probably wait until i’m out of school, so nobody has to make an announcement to the school saying i fucking killed myself. how pathetic would that be. how selfish would that be. i want to do it so badly but i know i never will. i know it would hurt people.

how do i deal with living like this.