What's the point of all this bullshit?I mean really. What's the point. The world is over populated. Theres thousands of people dying every day. Sometimes people just aren't meant to live. And I know that there is beautiful music and art and love and joy. But what's the point? It all feels so pointless. I've loved. I have experienced the joy another can bring you. The feeling that time is frozen just for the two of you and that every breath is amazing and perfect. But it still feels pointless. Even NOT feeling like this what's the point?Even if I get happy I'm still going to die. I have wished for death for years. YEARS. Since I was a kid. I remember being 13 and hoping that I would die in my sleep sometime. I feel as though if I finally get happy then somehow I will get my wish to die in my sleep at that moment. I know I have serious depression. But it doesn't feel like it matters. I fake all my interactions it seems. I don't give a fuck about anyone I talk to except my ex. I don't enjoy anything. I haven't left my house in 15 days. 15. Not to go to the store or anywhere. I dunno. I just wanna stop. I come from a family of 5 kids and the 2 parents. They're the reason I don't. I wouldn't want to burden them with my death. Also I'm terrified that the second I pull the trigger my ex will be wanting me back. The second that trigger clicks will be the second he realizes I'm a good girl. I read and thats my escape. When I can't sleep I daydream about ways to kill myself. I have it figured out nicely. I have my note apologizing and with my requests (cremation, or paupers grave whatever don't mourn blah blah fucking blah) I don't even know what to write here. I'm unhappy and nothing I try fixes it. I don't talk to my ex for weeks and it only gets worse. I try talking to other people it gets worse. I focus on myself it gets worse. I watch Buffy which has always cheered me up in the past and it gets way worse. I can't afford medication as I have no job or car. I'm applying tomorrow. To my old job. Ex works there but it pays good. I'm going to save up 5,000. Rent an apartment, buy a nice sashimi dinner and a bottle of wine. Then I'm going to sit in my bathtub with my .45 and blow my brains onto the tile. I'll have money to cover the costs to dispose of my body. I know who gets what. I've disposed of all embarrassing things I wouldn't want anyone to see. Any art, writings, pictures. I don't know. I just want to stop. Will it hurt? I guess I'm just writing out my thoughts. I do that a lot. I want to write it to organize everything. I like Reddit a lot. Your TF2 server was fun

EDIT - to those of you sending me hate mail and calling me stupid, please feel free to suck a donkey dick :). Thanks.