I just want it to stop.Please excuse the giant garbled mess below, which contains swearing of high magnitude. A tl;dr will follow.

I am 21, never had a job, not in college, in an unstable long-term relationship with someone who does not deserve my bullshit, living with (and semi taking care of) half-sibling &amp; mother, a cat, and a chihuahua. Fuck me with a sack of grainy half-formed bricks.

I'm tired of sleeping during the day and staying up all night, I'm tired of clothes that don't fit. I'm tired of having to pay $50 to wash a week's worth of laundry, because we're too poor to afford a washing machine, and fixing the current one would cost more than buying a used one.

I'm tired of not having enough food to eat, and not being able to eat things that are good for me because they are too expensive. Fucking bullshit, in this day and age I should be able to buy a motherfucking apple for less than a dollar.

I WANT SOME FUCKING CLEAN CLOTHES ARGH FUCK YOU WASHING MACHINE GODDAMN I MISS YOU. Didn't know how good I had it with a leaky ass washing machine. Washing panties in the shower is oddly not as bad as I thought it would be. But fuck me if it doesn't take valuable time to do it.

I'm really fucking tired of my friends, who do have legitimate problems (every problem is worthy of attention, to me) but cannot be assed to actually DO anything about it. My best girl friend is bipolar as shit and a stage 5 clinger, who I used to baby a lot. Bad idea, I know. She finds no joy in anything and cries about things constantly to me. She has so many good things going for her, yet she will cry for days if someone says "fuck" in front of her, or mentions anything even slightly NSFW. Yet she finds no problems in making dirty jokes on her own terms. Hypocritical bitch. I can't vent or talk about my problems with her because she immediately turns it into a pity party for her. Suck a dick, you might learn something. My other best friend is much more tolerable but still annoying as fuck at times. His only real problem is his foreveralone attitude. Otherwise he's perfectly capable of anything. Oh, and he's gay in Bumfuck, Deep South. That sucks. I can't vent to him because he is a notorious "shit, someone's got a problem, vacate premises immediately" kind of guy. He's gotten better about it, but once he feels he's right, he refuses to back down. His solution is the only solution.

I'm tired of living here, of having been born into such a fucking dysfunctional cesspit of used douches. My brother raped me on multiple occasions when I was only a child, 8 if I remember correctly, and would beat me to the point of unconsciousness since I was 4  (up until 13, whereupon he finally left the nest); my mother would just tell me to fight back. Praytell, mother, how a very small and malnourished girl would fight against a 6', 340lb teenage boy? Goddamned cunt. (sidenote: she did not know of the rape at the time, and still doesn't.) I hope he dies in a fucking fire. I mean that literally, a fire that fucks him. That would make me laugh in the darkest part of my soul.

I was homeschooled from the age of 7. What little social interaction I've ever had has been with people significantly younger than I, or significantly older than I. As a result, I have never mingled with my own generation. Turns out, they're all (mostly) cunts and unintelligent fucks. Being as I was completely sheltered, I am socially and in all other ways totally inept. I am socially retarded in the highest degree, I am awkward and unable to function in public; most people, after having known me a bit, have confessed that they thought I had Down's or some other mental disease which makes you look like a textbook idiot.

My fiancee and I lack communication. I cannot vent to him, because when I try, I am usually upset and unable to word things correctly, and evidently that sounds like too much bitching, so he shuts down and attempts robotic comfort. That just frustrates me so I internalize every goddamned thing that I need to get out. I have explained my two best friends; the female friend hates my fiancee, even though he has been a picture of nicety and kindness to her. I'm guessing this is because he cuts into her [my name]-time. The male friend is more concerned with making pseudo-jokes about wanting to buttfuck my fiancee. That shit was funny maybe once. Maybe. Shit isn't fucking funny now. Cut that out.

Current living situation is me caring for my terminally ill half-brother and mother. Mother is supposed to be dead, no one knows why the bitch is still kicking. Hoping she gets better so I can get the fuck out of here, if not, I am stuck here forever. She refuses to make meals if I am in anyway unable to. Even just for herself. My half-brother is tube-fed, so she takes care of that, and I take care of her. 

I am not sure where I was going with this. I stopped crying and got exhausted by the time I got this far. Fuck. Uh. I'm probably not going to kill myself, as that would be certain death for my family, but I still have that *shit man dying would just be so fuckin easy yeah just do it you won't be around to give a fuck about the consequences* thought knocking around. And most days, I feel my cat is the only one worth living for. Little fucker's been with me through some rough shit. Oh goddamnit now I'm crying again.

If you need more info/background or some shit, just ask. Never done this before (spilling my blood and guts before the glorious internet), feeling anxious as fuck and not knowing what the hell to do makes it even worse. I would hug the shit outta you guys if I could, just for reading this massive textwall. I feel a bit better getting some of this out, but I still feel like the rocket of spicy liquid magma that gets shot out of someone's ass after they've eaten good mexican food.

**TL;DR** Girl is tired of her living situation, feels trapped, hopeless, hungry and dirty from poverty, friends and family are useless, feels only option is to cowardly and forcibly take herself out of the situation. Any words of comfort, advice, wisdom, fucking *anything* positive is welcome.