My first ever reddit post and its about my fucked up headThis is going to be a bit of a rant because I have a lot of emotions and thoughts. Im not sure if i should trigger warn this, but just to be safe. TW: Suicide, self harm.

For some backround information about me, I am a fourteen year old british kid, who identifies as male despite being AFAB, and i also have autism. I am unsure if my identity will change in the future, but as of right now being referred to as a girl or a she makes me want to cry.

Im not sure if what im feeling is a product of puberty, as ive been feeling like i want to die since i was around eight, a year before i hit puberty, but its definitely made it worse. I also believe i MAY have depression and possibly anxiety, however that could just be hormones talking. Ive had symptoms of both illnesses since i was five. It sounds weird i know, but I definitely remember showing symptoms. Maybe my head made it up. 

Any way, Ive been seriously considering suicide for a while now. For the past five or so years its been passive, despite a brief period when i was ten when i almost went through with it, but as of now its gotten BAD. It all started about a month ago, when The Man Behind The Slaughter had just became a meme. I saw a post about breaking your thumb ligament and my brain instantly noted it as a way to self harm, which sent me down a rabbit hole and made me cry for the first time since i was around twelve. I didnt even cry when two of my dogs were put down and they meant the world to me. Anyway, not a day later, someone told my friend to go 'down the river next time retard' and i defended them. that someone proceeded to call me a retard multiple times, as well as calling me a failed abortion and told me to jump of a building, which was enough to drive me to self harm via cutting. I have been doing it occasionally since, as well as biting myself. 

the quarantine has been tough on me too, and ive been so bored recently that killing myself feels like the only good option besides sitting down doing nothing but mindlessly play ACNH or watch youtube. ive also not been able to sleep at normal times for longer than i can remember. this is bad because my Bad Thoughts get worse at night and im scared of the dark despite being a nightowl. 

anyway i just feel really helpless, useless, and that suicide is the only way to fix it. i dont even want to get help because im not a person beyond my sadness and i dont want to find out who i am without it in case im an even worse person. one of the only reasons i havent given up on my fear of death already is that i really want to catch up on One Piece before i die. i know its pathetic to hinge your life off of an anime that hasnt even ended, but its really the one thing i look forward to doing and even THEN i procrastinate it. 

how do i fix myself when i dont even want to? am i too broken to fix? what should i do. please help me.