I just want to be heard.English is not my first language, and I’m not a good writer by any means, but please bear with me if you have 5 minutes to spare.

I’m in my 20’s, will be done with 5-years of University studies very soon, live alone atm and have never been more depressed than I am right now. At times I really feel like I just want to end it all, however I don’t think that I could actually go through with it, all in respect to my loving parents. 

I had a great childhood, although a missing father who came back when I was 13 or so. We are very close today. My grades at the Uni is as good as I could expect, even better at times. I’m in general proud of my self in that regard. I work out daily, eat healthy food, and have a decent sleep schedule. I’ve had lots of friends throughout the years, only a very few really close ones and only one I can talk to stuff like this about. I’ve been recommended to talk to a psychiatrist/psychologist by my closest friend, I have not found any that I feel like I could ’trust’/feel comfortable with. 

I feel malplaced in general, like I don’t fit in somehow. Everything I do, everything I am, how I act, all feels ’off’. I should be happy, I’m very consious about my life situation and that I by the book live a ’great life’ but I’m still just feeling empty most of the time. I don’t feel happiness like I used to anymore. I laugh, but don’t feel joy. I have people I love very close to me, but still feel more lonely than ever. I’m very introvert as a person, so I prefer to *be alone*, but I’ve never liked *feeling lonely*. 

The fact that I’m depressed makes things even more complicated. It makes me feel like I’m not appreciating my life like I should. I feel ashamed for not being happy. I just feel like I’m in a void or something. I read about people who are in situtions that makes their life a living hell, who are ’more justified’ than me to feel weak/down/tired.

Why am I depressed? I have no fucking idea, I wish I knew. It’s honestly driving me mad, and I just want it to end. I don’t know where to begin.

I don’t even know what to expect from here. I’ve never been a part of any forum like this before, and don’t really know why I’m writing now either. If you made it this far, thank you for taking time. I just want to be heard I guess.