I don’t know what to doMy gf of 5 years left me for a different life style. She placed all of the blame on me and lied about her reasons of breaking up. She said I was being emotionally abusive and she wanted to focus on her career and be single and alone for a while.

She’s now something else. She’s posting pictures of her body on tumblr and is getting into this whole “daddy” bdsm kink. It makes me feel so sick and pathetic to know that she left me for this life style. I know she is free to do what she wants, it’s her life, but to see someone you gave everything to and spent your life with for 5 years just disrespect herself like that kills you inside. She left me to go find a “daddy” but of course she wouldn’t tell me that. She doesn’t know I know any of this, and honestly I wish I didn’t know it.

I feel so fucking inferior and pathetic, knowing she left me for this. Plus placing all the blame on me, which ate me alive for weeks. I wish I had never fallen in love with her, she was so manipulative and controlling towards me but I fell for it all. It kills me to know that I wasn’t good enough for her, even though I sacrificed so much for her and supported her and everything. I was not a perfect boyfriend, but I always tried to make her happy. I trusted her throughout the relationship until towards the end when I began to feel unloved and noticed she was changing. That’s when I became insecure and paranoid. She would always snoop through my stuff, accuse me of things, and controlled me, but the second I begin to assume somethings wrong, I’m the one over reacting and am called emotionally abusive. She wouldn’t let me communicate, so I didn’t know what to do. All I had left to do was worry. I wanted to trust her again but the lack of communication made it so hard.

I feel so fucked over and empty and pathetic. If someone that was with me for 5 years would leave me like that, then who would ever want to be with me. I’ve worked on myself since the break up, and have received tons of compliments, but I still feel empty and not good enough. I made my ex so happy and gave her everything and took her everywhere, and it wasn’t enough. Everyone tells me she was the abusive one, but I don’t know what to believe honestly. My head feels so fucked I just want her out of my head I got so damn attached and she just threw it all away so easily.