I clearly don't want anything to do in life...Honestly, I don't want anything to do with life. I'm just so hatred and pariah that I don't have a purpose to live, the only purpose for me to live is to be used for training bullies so they can bully other people. I've been so distressed and wish I never exist.

I hate my life and I've been saying "I hate my life" since 4th grade, look at me supposed to be in 10th grade but I'm behind in 9th grade. I hate schoolwork so much and it stresses me out.

I can't wait for someone to hire a hitman on me because once that happens, people would have my funeral turned into a party and piss on my fucking grave. There is no way in hell anybody would be sad to see me die, they'd only be sad because nobody likes seeing someone die, nobody would be sad if I die like as I was some great person.

I try so hard to be nice to people but like nobody appreciates my kindness and sympathy. I make mistakes and everyone takes those mistakes to "YOU KNOW BETTER THAN THAT", and it pisses me the living hell off. Nobody wants anything to do with me and I'm so fucking sick and tired of it.

People would only start a conversation with me if I was fucking flaming with someone that has done something to me, THATS THE ONLY FUCKING TIME SOMEONE WANTS TO TALK TO ME! Nobody wants to hang around or chill with me, NOBODY DOES!!!!

I don't have any friends IRL, just online, and I guarantee they all hate me or dislike me.

My family only cares about grades and behavior, they wouldn't care of how I feel right now because they'd get more upset about how I talk to online friends, more than how distressed and uncomfortable I am. I love my family to death, but they only want to raise me but not love on me. They've raised me well but like nobody sees that I'm a nice person.

When someone hurts me or torments me in anyway, I overreact and go fucking apeshit. I'm extremely sensitive and I don't handle things well at all. I always want to seek revenge on people that hurt me because I do not let people that hurt me get away with it.

I'm clearly ashamed that my presence exists. I hate it to death and wish it didn't exist. Nobody cares about me and I'm close to finding a way to end my life. I've been suicidal for a long time but scared as I'd scream like fuck and have people attempt to revive someone petty like me.

I can't get a girlfriend as nobody likes me, I've dated 5 people online and tried to be the most caring person ever, but they don't appreciate it. Nobody appreciates anything about me and nobody wants to completely focus on me in their life and have me as their soulmate.

Everyone ignores me or finds some stupid pitiful excuse on why they couldn't talk to me. People think I'm wasting their time when I talk to them. I know people are busy in life but like sometimes I don't believe it.

I am so fed up with living. I am extremely miserable and fail miserably at everything. I am an unsuccessful person and literally have no purpose to live. I wish someone would kill me or hire a hitman for me, to me.

If I were to like someone or have feelings for someone, they would friendzone me once I admit it to a girl I would like. Yea everyone finds a love, except for me. Everyone gets to love on people when they are a teenager, but I don't experience that at all.

If you got any questions ask me. Advice would HIGHLY be appreciated.