I just wish I wasn't like thisI read a lot of these posts today, and I can commiserate with everyone. I have been in and out of hospitals. I've never been okay. And somehow I'm expected to be okay with not being okay. People aren't supposed to want to kill themselves, but I'm at the point for the millionth time where I've tried so many things all anyone can say is "it gets better." 

Yeah it gets better and then it gets worse again. ALWAYS. I know if I don't kill myself probably even in a few days I'll feel okay again, but I can't stand this life of ups and downs. I've been diagnosed w mood and personality disorders, but who the fuck knows, maybe I'm just weak. I do everything the doctors say. And what do they want me to do when I feel this way? Go to a hospital. To what? Embarassingly tell someone I'm sad again? Pathetic. No one even cares anymore if I hurt myself or threaten to kill myself because this is just how I am. 

I am actually a very intelligent person with a lot of good qualities, good family and friends, but I can't even enjoy life because of this darkness. No one understands. Even other people with my same mental health issues. Maybe their meds work better, I don't know. I just feel so alone on this earth. So disconnected from other humans. I always have, and I'm almost 30, and I just can't stand it any longer. My doctor says 20s and 30s are the worst for Bipolar people. I can't go another decade like this. How is anyone expected to live this way? Honestly. Don't they understand how horrible it is? 

I used to numb the pain w drugs and alcohol. I got sober a while ago, and for a bit it helped. Now, I know the drugs and alcohol will just add more fuckery to my life, so I'm not going to pick up, but I'm left with the same emptiness as when I was using. 

I tried once before to overdose, and I just got put into the hospital to stabilize me and ended up in the psych hospital for 2 weeks. And what am I going to do? Just keep going back to the hospital my whole life? I really don't see another option. 

I know my parents will be crushed. I know they love me. It's not like I'm depressed because I think everyone hates me. I just don't think I can live with this pain. I just want the pain to stop. And don't say it's a permanent solution to a temporary problem. This problem is NOT temporary. It's been going on my entire life. Yes, I've had a few sunny days, but most of my life has been riddled with anxiety, panic, depression, mania, paranoia, delusions...it's honestly torture. And I'm trapped inside my own head. 