Nothing is urgent, but I'm starting to worry about myself. I'm an 18yo transwoman.Hey there. First of all, thank you for helping people around this subreddit, I'm sure it's changed a lot of people's lives.

So, I'm 18, and am moving towards transitioning to a woman this year. I'm seeing a psychiatrist and we're taking steps towards my coming out and eventual hormonal therapy. Things are going up for me and I SHOULD feel happier. But I'm scared. I'm losing my hair since the age of 16, have too much body hair which I simply can't get rid off; when I shave it, the roots stay as horrid, huge black spots, and epilating it with my epilator is too painful. My beard is so strong and dark that I cannot shave it. I swear, I've used every type or razor, of cream, of everything and even had other people do it for me, but I haven't had a clean shave for about three years. My shoulders are the widest I've ever seen on a man of my age, I swear. I just can't handle my body. I like myself as a person, but I feel so disgusting, so manly and so hopeless that I spend my time wondering if other people can see how much I'm balding, even when I'm home alone. I'm going to get laser hair therapy for my beard, but it's super expensive and, although I can afford it, it angers me that I have to go through so much stuff to try and maybe like myself.

I'm also depressed because I've never been romantically involved with anybody. I know I'm young, but it's as if everyone around me has at least had something,if only a date or a flirt. I've never had anything like that. No one's ever loved me in a romantic way, and I would just want to know what it feels like. I fall in love all the time but I've never held any hope that anyone could ever fall in love with me. And when I transition, I'll be a bald, broad woman with a penis. I don't know how any man could want me, I don't even want me! 

I don't want to have to buy a wig or spend all my money and skin cells trying to shave the only parts of my body which aren't balding or cry myself to sleep because my hips are narrow and my shoulders are wide. I want to be a normal person. I don't want to die, but I don't know if I can handle living. And I'm scared about my mental well-being, because I've been hanging on by a thread for years and the closer I get to my supposed happiness, the closer it is to snapping. 

Have a nice weekend. Sorry about the wall of text, I had to spill out somewhere.