To leave a note or not?Hi everyone,

I have been struggling with the idea of whether or not I should leave a note behind when I go for several months now and maybe your insight might help me make my mind up. 

Grab a coffee and let me give you some background information. 

First off, I'm your average disposable man in my late 40s. I say disposable because here in Canada men kill themselves at a rate of over three times that of females, but there seems to be little emphasis in examining why and implementing measures to reduce that number. I'm not here looking to make a political statement. It just sucks I'm the one that happens to be at a higher risk. No one, male or female, should have to feel the need to kill themselves, but it's a cruel world. 
I am not, or ever been, emotionally strong and I always doubt myself first over others.

My life turned for shit last fall when my relationship abruptly ended for reasons I am not entirely sure why. The day before it ended I was certain we would be spending the rest of our lives together. 
We were both depressed to some extent and both suffered from anxiety, her more so. I am certain she was mentally abusive towards me throughout the eight years we were together. Our realities became very different towards the end and she also claimed I was mentally abusive towards her whenever I asserted she was to me. Although she could never give me any definitive logical examples of how I was abusive I choose to go with “agreeing to disagree”. I believe I loved her very much and still do to some extent. We sold our home and split the proceeds which I have been living off since. I also shut down my struggling business as I couldn't deal with the stress or be able to do it on my own.

My childhood was, it seemed at the time, very Leave it to Beaverish. How was I to know that having an older brother take advantage of me sexually (and also to my sister) was anything out of the norm. 
As the years went on I became aware of how bad my father was to all of us mentally. When he passed away over a decade ago I was relieved I wouldn't have to endure his demeaning behaviour any longer. My mother passed when I was a teen.
I had a small fractured family. The only family I spoke to at this time was my brother (yes, the very same) and his wife.

After my break up my doctor gave me medication to help with the heightened anxiety I was experiencing which gave me some serious side effects. Because of the meds gradually I drifted off into a dreadful psychosis leaving me unsure of who I was or what I was doing. There were days I was unsure of what had even happened. It was during this time I made it aware to my brother and sister in-law that I still very much remembered what he had done to me and my sister. Up until then I had always hidden it away in the back of my mind. My brother could not face up to it and his wife was not about to believe any of it. She said I had mental issues I needed to deal with before they would speak to me again and I haven't heard from them since.  And she's a “nurse” and couldn't recognize what was happening to me.
My psychosis progressed until it got me a visit to the emergency room. Nothing serious. I had only driven my van into a parked truck….oops. I swear I didn't see it. Once I stopped the meds my mind cleared and everything went back to normal after a few days.

I am socially awkward and never had many friends so to speak. The few people I did have to talk to my ex made sure to drive a death blow wedge between me and them before it was all over between us. As I have said my family is small and fractured. I reached out to them. Them being the sister I had never really gotten to know and my uncle and one of my cousins. It didn't take. My sister ended up rejecting me outright. Fair enough I guess. The others also didn't progress into anything.

I was keeping a positive attitude and was looking for someone to start dating. Sadly having a relationship with a woman has always been the highest of priorities. I even put an ad online looking for a friend. I did meet a very nice guy that I got along with, but we were just not in the same parts of our lives for it to work out. 
Then Christmas happened. OMG. I'm not religious, but Christmas for me is a time to get together with people that you love and love you. Not having anyone was the absolute worst thing I have have ever experienced. I fell off a cliff hope wise and completely gave up. I'm a smart logical guy and it was then I realized the chances of me gaining any sort of meaningful happiness in the future is virtually nil. Even if I got a job life would be a massive struggle and I would never be able to retire. It's sad I let my life come to this, but they were all my choices. I should never have let my life get to this point and I always took the easiest route and that was a huge mistake. 

The only thing keeping me going is having my two dogs that need me. Mid April was the last time I have spoken to anyone that matters other than the grocery store clerk or the odd random person at the dog park. It's gruesomely obvious that I matter to no one.  I find it hard to even leave the house. It can take me days just to work up the effort to get groceries. What a mess, but I am not even interested in trying any longer.

My end will take place in September before my next birthday. I am not prepared to see another birthday or the anniversary of my break up. I am going to have to do it in a hotel room because if I do it at home it could be over a month before anyone finds me. More than likely it would be my landlord looking for the rent if I did it at home. 

So. Do I let my story of “why” be known? If so, for who and why? 

Thanks a ton for reading this if you've gotten this far and I really hope all of you the best. It's unfortunate that this subreddit has to exist.