I don't know anymore(26/M)

A little about myself: * I was tested in the 98th percentile for intelligence prior to beginning elementary school. By the time I was in 4th grade, I was on psychopharmaceuticals to control what was alternately diagnosed as ADD, ADHD, ODD, PTSD and/or dysthymia.  
 * My typical daily dose was 65mg Ritalin, 200mg Paxil and .25mg Rispiridol. I removed myself from these medications cold turkey about 10 years ago.

In the past 18 years, I have gone through more tests of fortitude and character than any person should have to. I have a string of failed interpersonal relationships with women, the last of which got so completely out of hand that I walked out feeling that if I didn't, I would be going to the hospital or to jail. This woman that drove me past my boundaries, that fed off my sickness and fed me hers, told me a week after I left that she was pregnant. I learned "my" child's name from a social worker trying to collect support.

I've been unemployed for several months, living on a couch in a friend's one-bedroom apartment. I smoke cigarettes and weed daily, don't much care for drinking. Where does the money come from? There isn't much. Because of me, my roommate is getting evicted, and I don't have anywhere else to go.

I've thought about killing myself every day for the last 15+ years. I think of ways to die, how they would feel, the reactions of those who discover me dead in a certain way. I have lied to every therapist who has asked if I am a danger to myself or others by saying no. 

I have attempted suicide and been hospitalized 3 times. Each attempt is halted by the exact same thing: this would destroy some of my friends. I wish I didn't care, so I could spread the daily pain around and make everyone hurt like I hurt. But I do care, and that's why I am still upright and above ground.

It's been getting worse lately, and I am at a loss. I'm seeking mental health services (1 month wait), a family doctor (no given wait, probably months). I have no additional medical coverage to pay for meds or extended counselling. 

And I don't want to keep going. I am tired of getting hurt in every corner of my life, only to be watered and toweled and shoved back in for another round. 

I want to tap out.