I don't want to live but I don't want to kill myself.after a lifetime of hardship, I was diagnosed with BPD. 

I had a really shitty childhood. I can't remember one time where my mom held me when I was sick or sad, or read to me. She instead would severely beat me until I would bleed out my ears or pass out.   My step dad sexually abused me for 12 years, two of them even after I was adopted. My parents always told me I was only alive because the condom broke and you can't have a retroactive abortion. I was raised basically white trash. After I was adopted by my moms parents, my life got a little better, but the damage was already done. 

I showed symptoms early in life. Got worse when I got into my mid 20's. I lost my fiancée of 7 years  because of the constant suicide attempts and mood swings and pushing people away. The black and white way I relate to things made the breakup super horrible. I lashed out, I said horrible things, I threatened him. He left me with no goodbye, no closure. Just blocked me from everything and changed his number. 

Shortly after the breakup, I had a mental breakdown and was put on not one or two medications, but seven high dose mood stabilizers, anti depressants, anti psychotics, and benzodiazepines.

I didn't get better, I just learned to hide my suicide attempts and cutting because I knew if I talked about it I'd be taken away from what little normalcy I have. 

For three years, I struggled with high dose pills, that caused me to get a DUII. (Nobody mentioned to me I couldn't drive, but I guess I should have known better.) Two theft charges (I would get so strung out and high on pills that I would walk into stores and not pay for simple things, like a sandwich.) 

3 months ago, while on a court mandated mental health program, my best friend brought it to my attention that 1.) I have little memory function from the time I've been taking prescriptions. I don't remember things I don't have a picture of. 
2.) I'm so drugged up all the time, he can't have a conversation with me. (Getting high on marijuana is one thing, but being dosed up in pills is another.) 
3.) I go to DBT, IMR, and dual diagnosis groups, that don't helped and make me completely miserable. 

I spent 3 days in jail because I refused to take my court mandated medication. I was done. I went through the worst withdrawal of my life. Shortly after, I was taken out of the mental health program and put off probation. (I still don't know why, it might have been because I don't have a crippling drug addiction paired with a mental disorder with prison time looming over my head, but digress.) 

I'm completely off medication now. I don't want to hurt myself, or anyone else.

I just want to die. 

I'm tired of living. I'm tired of always being tired. I'm tired of being in my room 24/7.

I live in a small town where most people my age drink or so hard drugs so meeting people is hard. My best friend lives in Canada. My two other close friends are regular people who all live in another state. 

Since I can't drive for almost another year, school is on hold. 

I've gained roughly 220 lbs since I started taking meds, when before I was running 8 miles a day. 

Now I can barely make myself get out of bed and shower. 

However, I'm not depressed. Im not anxious. 


I just don't want to wake up anymore. 