I intend to...Over a year ago I made an irreversible mistake that I expect is going to cost me my life if I were found out by my friends. (I imagine I will be because that's just how karma works. You reap what you sow.) What I did was so fucked up, I ran far away to live on the other side of the state, as if I could outrun my mistake. I carry immense shame, remorse, and guilt for what happened that it reeks from my very being and I'm just a shitstain for those I surround myself with. Think about the worst possible thing a person could do, and multiply it by 10. I'm trying to grow from it but every day the shame gets worse. I feel like my only shot at the moment is to TAKE a shot. Everyone says I'm a good person, but what I did was just... inhuman. I acted on impulse and it cost me everything. If I can't go back and change what I did, I intend to die. Like, what I did was so fucking out of character for me, I am forever cursed. I've given up on all of my ambitions of being an artist incase of the off chance I were to actually get somewhere with what I do (though I doubt it, there was that banana piece that sold for $25,000 so really what is art?) and the word spreads. My friend and mentor found out and put me on the spot as he read the eyes of a liar when I said "I didn't do it." I watched him cry out of how disappointed he was in me. He just knew. I'm just trying to move on and not come to a halt but I know it'll come and bite me in the ass someday. Could be tomorrow, or later in life. I'm going for a gun license so I can shoot myself on the spot if I ever hear it come up. It's to a point I feel too blessed in life, I go out of my way to sleep on streets and do immense damage to myself because I don't feel worthy of any happiness that comes my way. When people are nice to me, I feel immense shame like I'm a fucking fraud for deceiving them with my nice persona. Like if they knew what happened, they'd be throwing stones at me. I would be abolished. I live in absolute fear every single day of what happened coming out to light, as I'm sure it will, and I just don't deserve to live. At the same time, dying is the easy way out. I just intend to make life harder for myself I guess. I should actually be rotting.