I really don't know what's wrong with me.throw away account because obviously very personal.

So after letting an emotionally abusive relationship get the better of me, I really lashed my pain inward on myself. I got so sick I missed a phone call from work that ultimately got me fired from my job. Found a new job, 500 miles from home. Moved in with family. I'm too poor to afford my own apartment right now. I'm grateful for my cousin letting me live with her, but we're very different people. no siblings, I was raised by a single mom who unfortunately was pretty abusive as well.  

I don't want to kill myself here in my cousin's, it would be shitty of me, I'm paying rent to her, which is why I guess she tolerates me being here...

I just hate my job (its incredibly repetitive), my new life here. 

Things had been slowly getting better, I got a new job, which I had a lot of anxiety because of getting fired. Recently I had been talking to a new guy (after a year of not dating at all), but I guess I still have a bit of ptsd from my last relationship because I would flinch sometimes when being touched, and I was extremely hesitant to be just... normal around him, but I really enjoyed my conversations with him, I felt like I had a friend in this strange new place... Well, he ghosted me. I had worked up the nerve to go to his apartment last week and we fooled around. I don't know what I said or did but I guess he decided my baggage was too much for him because I haven't heard from him since then. It's not like I expect for anyone to "heal" me or just replace some of the hurt feelings I got from my previous relationship, I at least know that. I just wanted companionship, but this ghosting has really truly bummed me out and sent me into a spiral where I can't seem to get out of. I feel like I'm screaming in a void again and no one cares. 

I don't know why but I feel as if not having a support system, a real support system, or just anyone check up on me just makes me feel like a truly worthless human being. 

I almost killed myself last year because things were so bad then, more and more I'm just not so sure that I \*can\* get better, not that I don't want to, its just I don't see the point...