Drafting farewell emails to all my loved ones.  Here's the first.Tara - 

I'm writing this to you because I have to tell you some things.   Not because you were the only person I thought of, but because you were the first.  I want to start off by saying that this isn't your fault, and that my moments with you were some of the happiest I've ever been.  Yes, even when I was crying in your arms.  So please, I beg you - don't blame yourself for anything.  You helped me learn some things about myself that I had been convinced were untrue - that I was funny, that I was smart, that I was at least a little bit attractive, that I was *worth loving*.  I was convinced for so long that I was alone simply because I wasn't lovable, that there weren't any good things about me.  But you showed me otherwise.  I knew after being with you that the only thing holding me back was myself.  You empowered me, just by giving me some of your time and reminding me of what it was like to be loved by a woman, to take responsibility for my own solitude and try to change it.

It hasn't worked out.

There are a number of other reasons for what I'm going to do, including the way our future seems to be slipping from us every day, the general state of the economy, the way our politicians seem hellbent on destroying the middle class and enslaving the poor..  but honestly, I could find a way to struggle through all of the "big issues" if I had someone to lean on.  Not just a friend but a partner.  Sex isn't the issue here - if that was all I needed in order to feel fulfilled I could find it for affordable prices not even 20 minutes from where I live.  Sex is just the vehicle.  What I need is intimacy.  Love.  Human contact.  And these are things I haven't experienced (except for the few hours I had with you, which I'm grateful for, and feel guilty for stealing from Jason even today) since 2005.

I'll be twenty seven in a few days, Tara.   A year ago, you kissed me and you told me it was going to be okay.  You made love to me.  You accepted me, completely, for who I was, and how I felt about you, even though you were taken.  You did the most selfless and loving thing you possibly could have done in that situation and I will never stop loving you for that, for being there for me when I needed you so badly, even when it was at your own expense and you knew you would have to deal with the fact that you had an affair for the rest of your life.  You carried that burden not because you were shallow enough to do it for mere sex, but because you felt a connection with me and sensed how much I needed you.  You did it out of compassion.  You changed me.

But I'm about to be twenty seven.  This is too old to be alone.   I can't deal with the thought of growing old by myself.   I can face death.  Death comes to us all.  But I can't face aging by myself, becoming too old to raise children, and then dying alone and childless.

Yes, I know - technically a man can become a father at any age, assuming testicular cancer doesn't get him..  but after the age of 35 or so, he faces a much higher chance of genetic damage from his sperm causing birth defects.  So whether most men realize it or not, we're on a similar timetable as you ladies.  Shit or get off the pot, as my worthless dad used to say.

I want kids.  I want a family.  I want to be able to support them all.  That's why I started college.   But kids aren't something you can just swing by Wal-Mart and grab on your way home.  A family - as you know very well - isn't something you can just create on a whim.  It takes finding someone you can love, someone you can depend on.  Someone that you can see being a good parent.  And even once you do there's no guarantee that it'll work the first dozen times you try.  My own mother tried for eight years to have me before finally getting pregnant.  If I met a woman today who was perfect for me in every way and we decided to get started this evening, I'd be 35 by the time she got pregnant, if mom is any standard to judge by, and 40 by the time my first was in kindergarten.  I don't want to be chasing little kids around at 40.  I can barely handle the thought of that now.  But I do want kids.  And a wife.  And a house.  And a steady job.  

I guess it's too much to ask.   I guess it's my fault for not actively looking for women while I was in the military.  I guess it's my fault for letting Jessica break my heart, and break it so badly.  I should have known better - even though no one told me, thanks Dad - should have known that if I gave myself to someone that fully that she would only make me pay later.  And I should have known that trying to pay for college by giving up the best years of my youth to the goddamned Navy would've just made me a tired, broken old fuck with no good years to look back on.
I should've known that isolating myself from people in an attempt to heal after Jessica would only cause me further pain.  How could I have known?  I should have known.  Go figure.
