I'm tired.It's our last month of school, but I'm nowhere near as happy as my classmates.

Just last week we presented our english thesis. Long story short, we basically failed because of me. I was the one who wrote the paper, and I forgot to put our data table in the appendices. Our thesis got ripped apart for that and now they blame me for it. The thesis is 2/3 of our total English grade, so we're probably going to fail.

If that wasn't enough, I wasn't able to submit my synthesis paper for science before my teacher stopped accepting them because he thought no one was doing it anyways. I might have to do it over the summer vacation, and that scares me because that means my parents will just be even more disappointed in me than they already are. I already have a college and I'm scared that I might not be able to go to college because of that synthesis paper, and then my parents will get mad at me again.

It's even worse because I know that no matter how I try to explain it, they'll never believe what I'm saying anyways. I'll just be called lazy or too focused on books and games. 

I just don't want to be a disappointment anymore, but now it just looks like that's all I am. It's probably true. I fuck up making a paper, I fuck up submitting a paper so that I can graduate... I've managed to fuck my life in a week.

I haven't been able to stop thinking of those two requirements I fucked up for days now. Whenever I think of them I have trouble breathing because I start thinking of how I know my family will react when they find out I might not be able to graduate properly, and how I was the one in charge of the whole group but I ended up being the one to fuck up. Should I have pushed them to participate more? Was doing the entire project myself just a waste? Should I have pushed even when they got mad at me for it? 

I don't know. I just don't know anymore. The only time I've been able to really stop thinking about them is when I sleep, but I don't get much of that because I have trouble falling asleep. 

I posted here one other time, too, and this just confirms my fears that I just fuck everything up whenever I try to get involved. 

There's a cutter in my room that I've found myself staring at more than once. I usually don't like pain, but I think I might actually do it if I don't manage to finish my synthesis paper in time to submit my last few requirements to get into college. 

I just want to stop and be able to actually be happy. Not a day goes by that I don't think about that synthesis paper. Not a day goes by that I don't get reminded that I'm not the son that my parents wanted. There hasn't been a single day in the last two month when I haven't thought about how much it would hurt to kill myself. This week was when I started realizing that I didn't care.

I'm just tired. I'm tired of trying to make my parents happy. I'm tired of being called lazy even though I try my best. I'm tired of dragging people down. I'm tired of people being mad at me. I'm tired of wishing that I lived inside a book, I'm tired of being tired... and I'm tired of being alive. 

But I'm not allowed to be tired. The only thing I'm allowed to do is swallow everything and smile because no one would care about my being tired anyways.

I'm just waiting for the one day when I finally snap and off myself.