Lost my best friend of three years to some random chick, went from being inseparable to seeing actual hatred for me in his eyes.Beware of my sudden switch from first to second person. 

I’ve more or less decided that I’m going to end my life.
I had a crush on my best friend for a few months. He didn’t feel the same way, and I was in the process of getting over him—hell, I had crushes on other people (most turned out to be straight girls though rip me) and I actually entered a FWB-slash-borderline-relationship right before this shit started going down. 
He told me he liked someone else and I reacted very negatively. Keep in mind, I have really bad depression and anxiety as is, and I was moving on but I wasn’t ready for something like this. I told him that I wanted him to be happy with this other person, but because I didn’t feel like he could do that with me in the picture, I said goodbye and wished him the best.
The next day, I wanted to apologize to him. He avoided me on the bus to school but we spoke at breakfast. I told him I was sorry for what I said and I asked him if he could, at the very least, not rub his relationship in my face, if they did end up dating. This angered him; he yelled at me telling me to get over it, accused me of “acting like we were dating” when he told me about the crush he had on her despite knowing how I felt about him previously, and treated me like actual shit because of it. You brought up the crush multiple times when we spoke despite the hundreds of times I told you that, beyond my initial reaction, that’s not what this was about.
After this, I left school early and went to the hospital for unrelated health problems. I was told by two or three people that he was “worried” about me when he heard that I was in the hospital.
The next day, I came to school late so there was no bus ride. We did not speak. You tried to speak to me in the hallway but I brushed you off because I was hurt by what you said yesterday. When we stayed after school for the play in theater, you were with your new girlfriend and every second of seeing you two together made me want to slit my wrists. (That’s not the method I’m going to use, though.)
You spoke to me several times. You approached me, but almost every time we spoke, you ran away when I said something you didn’t like. You even hit yourself in the head at one point. We made multiple scenes around the other people in theater, as most of our conversations resulted in yelling. You called me stupid and selfish. I told you that I wanted things to go back to normal and that if I really meant that much to you, you would “fix it”.
I didn’t tell you to dump her. I mean, I wanted you to, though. She ruined our friendship. You ruined our friendship because of her. At one point I remember telling her to “go ruin someone else’s life”, a statement I stand by. Out of all the people she could have fucked over, why me?
After the play, I tried to speak to you. You were the one who was trying to fix things, after all. That was the point when I realized I wanted my friend back, regardless of how much I hated your relationship and how it made you treat me like shit. 
Instead, you ignored me and went towards her. You glared at me and said, “you tried to make me break up” as if me implying that you should end your day-long relationship was a capital offense of some sort. 
I cut both arms that night. Not one. Both. Legs, too. Does this matter to you anymore? After all, you’re the one who said you often worried that I would resort to that kind of self-destructive behavior. You were the one who said not even a month ago that you loved me as your best friend, something you had never said to anyone else. Do you remember that? How much of our friendship was a lie to you?
I sent her a message. I told her she should be proud of herself for effectively ruining my life, another statement I stand by. 
I also sent you a message. I told you I needed space because I hated fighting with you, but I still considered you my best friend. I even followed that up by saying I didn’t care if I had to pretend to be happy, I just wanted my friend back.
The next night of the play, we didn’t speak at all. When I saw her at the very end, I almost threw up.
When I went home, and saw the jacket I had worn a few years ago, the same one she was wearing that night, I did throw up. 
Nothing happened on Sunday. I’ll admit, I watched for you to come online, though I now know that you couldn’t care less.
I sent your sister a message asking her to sit with me on the bus because I didn’t want to get stuck sitting with someone I hated, now that you refused to have anything to do with me. 
Monday morning...I got on the bus and you were sitting so much further away from me than usual. You looked back a few times, but no more than coincidence could account for. 
When your sister sat next to me, she asked me what was wrong. Did you hear my response? I don’t think you did. I told her I didn’t want to talk about it and that I hoped one day we could be friends again. Literally. That. Was. It. 
You told her to avoid me. Called me an asshole. Called me immature for so much as speaking to her. Told me this whole thing was my fault as if I hadn’t fucking tried to put an end to it. 
We’ve been friends for three years. You were the one person I could always turn to. I trusted you more than I trusted myself. How stupid was I, in doing so?
I saw nothing but hatred in your eyes.
And in that moment, I decided my fate.
If I had told you a week ago that I was killing myself, you would have begged me to turn that around. You would have hugged me or offered a shoulder to cry on. I opened up to you about my anxiety and my fears and you did everything I was afraid you would do.
But now?
The only way you’ll ever give two shits about me is if I’m six feet under and it’s too late. 