Suicidal tendenciesHello people of reddit, i hopw this post catches your attwntion and a few helpfull advuced wont hurt along the way. 
I have lost every battle with lifr ever since i was 7. I have no patience no real talent my HS degree isnt that great im 22 and ive flunked outnof college i have no friends, my SAT score cant get me into another respected uni.. im a female eldest sister/ daughter and from a middle eastern minority. 
I unwillingly lost my v card at 18 so no one will marry me, mt brothers dont respect me. We have this cousin whose friends with really bad people (drug dealers failures and so) my younger brohter doesnt listen to me when i tell him shes bad news. He despises me idk why. My father is a paranoid schizophrenic he cares less about my education. He spends his days sleeping and wasdting our money on food. My mother threatned to leave us yesterday. My brothers used to respect mw back in HS which was 5 yeara ago. I flunked 2 years ago and ive been feelimg like im drowning ever since. My brother the one who doesnt respect has anger issues (we used ro be beatwn as kids by family members and wmotionally.manipulayed hy our dad he threatned to sell us to the idf once, im an israeli minority) i want to get my SATS score up but my mimd wont stop telling me that im too stupid to so. 
I cant shakw this feeling of complete loss. My reputations has labeled as a whore, my own uncle spread the runors about me two years ago the same year i flunked. I flunked because i was having mental break downs and was too shy to tell the counsler. Its all in vain now. I want to change my major to medicine, but ive never heard of a doctor whose as fragile and weak and disrespected as me. I wish i was dead i keep havinf thia irge to swallow a bottle of pills and chase it down with a bottle of vodka. Is there hope for someonw like me? I am disgusted with what ive become i look ay back at childhood and teenage photos and all i feel ia pitty for this child and what she has become hownlow in lofe she has fell. This pain is endless. I wish i did more my uncle is trying to take the hoise from us my aunt is puahing to a life i dont want. I have no one to tell my pain to and someone to sympathise with me and eeeply underatand i try to twll my moyher but she says shes had it worst and i should stop bwing a cry baby. I have lost everything i look in the mirror and feel likw thrwoing up im disgusted with myself, why am i so weak and disgusting?