8 months of a chronic prostate infection has completely ruined my life and I don't want to do this anymoreEarly 2018 was the best few months of my life, I was confident, happy, doing great in university as a scholar, performing for various musical groups, and met my lovely lovely girlfriend. And then I got hit with a small prostate infection with no known cause. It used to go away with antibiotics, but after a few rounds of it returning it no longer seems to respond to antibiotics. Apparently my GP messed up big time by under-treating it which caused it to turn chronic.

The pain is actually completely bearable, the urinary urgency/frequency is very annoying but can be lived with. My libido is like 20% of what it used to be. But the main symptom I get from this inflammation is a constant barrage of flu-like symptoms (chills, body aches, occasional low-grade fevers) which completely wipe me out. On bad days I'm pretty much bed-ridden. Apparently this symptom is not even that common for people with prostatitis, but I have a body that reacts as such to a "low-grade" inflammation, and I hate that so much. It's like having a really bad cold for the past 6 months or so and all the joy has been sucked out from my life.

I had to withdraw from an exchange program to London (a dream opportunity of mine for which I had to fight many other candidates) and I took a leave of absence from university to try to get my health sorted out. The semester is now over and I probably looking at another half a year at home trying to figure this out.

We are still frequently finding bacteria in my urine but nothing seems to be able to get rid of it for some reason, and I've run through quite a number of doctors, all of whom eventually give up on my case and advice me to try to tough it out and resume living my life. Even if that were possible I'm really not sure I want to live out my life half-crippled like this.

For so many months I've been trying random drugs like a guinea pig, including anti-depressants in an attempt to suppress the nervous system to see if the symptoms can be managed, and so many long courses of antibiotics. I've got a PICC line to try to nuke the infection into orbit, but nothing's worked and I just grow sadder and weaker by the day.

I no longer have a social life or hobbies and the entirety of my life revolves around waiting for the next appointment and/or the next potential drug. My girlfriend comes over to visit me when she can and 80% of our dates are more like hospital visits these days. I can't help thinking that she'd eventually leave me. I've cried so much I feel completely numb at times (or maybe that's from the neuropathic pain stuff, I don't know)

So here I am, utterly crushed by a minor, low-grade infection causing "mild" but utterly debilitating cold-like symptoms that will never kill me. Sometimes I find myself wishing it would, instead of rendering me stuck in this hell.

I just came back from a new urologist for a second opinion and he literally refused to take my case, saying callously "if you don't have a high fever, who cares? Just go and live your life"

I really don't know what to do now... Help