Im fucking crazyI used to get into like 10 fights a week a couple months ago, fucked up anyone who tried to hurt me, even women. Until i heard that i might get brain damage if i continue getting into fights all the time. Tried to find inspirations of people that got better after being violent, Tom Hardy, John Lennon and Eminem were some of them, but my biggest inspiration to get better died 6 days ago, XXXTentacion, he was 3 years older than me, im 17, and i really fucking looked up to this guy and how he was trying to fix his life from being violent and his death is making me go crazy again, got into 1 fight since his death after being 'fightfree' for about 6 months. My face is fucked up forever, i've got a big scar across my eye, kinda like Kratos from God of War, i've got a tattoo on my face that i kinda regret, ill look like a scary fucking idiot all the time. Got no friends, i had some until i fucked up all those relationships by yelling at them and shit, i've got a shit job and a grochery store unpacking things earning garbage pay, my mom is dissapointed in me, haven't seen my dad since i was 13. I sit in my room all day listening to music and playing fifa, pubg and csgo. I fucking hate myself and i fucking hate that im angry all the time, i just wanna be like everyone else, making good decisions and living a normal life, im a fucking idiot and i've made it so thatll look like one forever, i fucking hate that i look like a kid still, i wanna look like a man, but i'll never do that, i hate my fucking voice and how every girl i meet tells me that i talk weird, i fucking hate my own language and how it sounds, im socially awkward but only in my own language which is so stupid. the place i live in is overrun with weird feminists who tell me that my masculinity is bad, which is the only thing in my life that i fucking like, guess i can't have that anymore either. I wanna make a nice song for people to listen to, but i sound like an idiot. I wish i looked half decent enough for a girl to like me, i hate how my face is always angry, i look unapprochable, i want to cry, but i can't because i wanna be a man. I dont even have that of a shitty life, its just my dumbass shit cunt brain that makes me wanna do stupid shit all the time, why couldn't i just have made it through that shit carpenting school that i hated and got a job and my mom would've been proud of me, instead i fought so much that i got expelled while my 2 best friends became successful, one became a big twitch streamer, earning cash for playing GTA all day, and the other is gonna become a pro hockey player and im gonna be the dumbass wokring at a grochery store still, i fucking hate myself and i take it out on others. I was finally a pretty decent person, then some fucking shithead had to kill the person that was actually helping me, why the fuck did you have to die? Couldn't you just have stayed home that day, X? The one girl that fucking stuns me with how beautiful she is hates me because i beat up her brother, and i didn't even knew that was her brother, so the most beautiful girl in the world hates me, because i was stupid. Everyone i know is always posting and tagging people about how much fun alcohol is, i saw what that did to my father and i fucking hate that drink and i promised him that ill never ever put that shit in my mouth, but everyone is promoting that bitch drink all the time and it makes me so fucking angry, at other people and myself, i can beat up everyone but im too much of a pussy to have a sip of beer. I go to work and do my shit, every 30 minutes i've got to take a break because i get so infuriated with myself and how i ended up here, i was gonna become the best football player in the world, playing for Real Madrid, but i was kicked out of the team because i was 'too angry' I didn't even get into fights back then, that is what triggered all the fighting, little bitches couldn't handle a bit of angry so they crushed all my dreams because of it, i was really good at it, and they took it away from me, i had a dream of lifting the champions league with Madrid but they took it away from me.
I've still got posters of Madrid players on my walls like im a fucking kid. Everyone i ever knew called me annoying so i got quiet, i got quiet and everyone called me angry, could never be myself so i turn into this sad shithead i am today. I wanna stop typing but i've got so much shit i wanna offload, im sorry to anyone reading through this. I don't know how to do anything, everyone else knows stuff, i dont know shit, im stupid, barely made highschool, the swedish equivelant, 7th-9th grade. My brother always tells me ''You're about to be 18 bro'' in a way that supposed to tell me to get my shit together, learn how to do laundry, how to cook a proper meal and it makes me feel like shit, makes me feel like a kid. I've got a kind of Paranoia, i think everyone is out to get me and destroy things i like, which at  this point isn't wrong, everyone i've ever known has fucked up something that i liked. My sister is a special kind of doctor and my brother is a pretty big artist, and im an idiot, atleast mom's got 2 kids to be proud of. I've called the suicide hotline in sweden a couple times, some times i've called when they're not working, sometimes i've called and been too scared to open up to someone, i've never opened up in my life. No girl has ever looked at me like i was someone special, im just another boy, i wanna be special to somebody but ill never be. Ill be alone forever, ill be the foreveralone meme that i laughed at as a kid. My hands are shaking, they're always red and bruised. Huge scar across my eye and a tattoo of a tear under my other eye, 17 year old thats trying to look tough, fucking idiot i am. Anything that i ever like somebody makes fun of or takes it away from me. Im gonna go out and get eaten by a bear or some shit, i wanna go out brutally, i want so much fucking pain. Sorry for anyone compassionate enough reading this, wrote out this entire thing like an idiot.