Dear Travis,Dear Travis,

I was 20-years-old when we found you. Six long years have passed since April 7, 2009. This day has always been a paradox: a distant memory that never fades. The face in my mirror looks different every day, and yet, you never age. My mind forever holds you close, refusing to let you go. 

It was a day so banal that I can barely remember where I was preceding the event. It was a day like any other. It was a day that I wish I could rewind back to. It was a day where I wish I could’ve been in the right place at the right time. It was a day that I both embraced and let go of you. It was a day when everything came to a screeching halt. 

Over the last month I’ve been struggling, Travis. Sometimes around this point in the year, April 7 goes by with little concern — I acknowledge you and then it passes. But on other years — like this one — I can’t seem to let you go. I don’t want to let you go. I feel ashamed, dismayed, and tragically selfish. I feel like I could’ve done more — should’ve done more. 

For a moment, your Dad’s hand feels like it freshly grips mine. I stare into his face and utter bullshit drips out of my mouth, “I’m sorry we had to meet this way.” He simply nods. For me to say more would risk breaking down in front of him, and I can’t; it’s not my time, as he’s the grieving one.

You’re reduced to sensations now, Travis. The folding and prepping of boxes. The screeching, scratching pull of tape sealing your stuff shut. The emptiness of the hallway, aside from your father, my residence director, and me. The empty air that now occupies your dorm room.

I reach over my heart, reflexively and unconsciously, like I did that first night. I can’t sleep and I toss and turn. My chest hurts — burns — and I can’t get it to stop. There’s something missing that can’t be fixed, replaced, or ignored. The pressure sits atop me, and all I can think is whether you felt it, too. 

I wonder if you’d care. I wonder if I could’ve done anything. I wonder who you’d be today. I wonder if you would’ve kept in touch. I wonder if you would’ve gotten married. I wonder if you would’ve had children. I wonder if you would’ve become a famous artist. I wonder if you would’ve gone to graduate school. I wonder if you would’ve seen your little brother do the same. I wonder if you’d get to bury your mom and dad.

Then, it all evaporates. The wonder dies like you. 20-plus years in an instant, flash, and bang.

I can’t save you, despite my wondering. I can’t save you, despite my training. I can’t save you, despite refusing to forget you. Now, I must do my best to help the ones who are here — with us. And I can’t think of a better way to keep you in my heart.

Always remember, never surrender.

Love eternally,
-Sam