I'm afraid of living [19M]I think you all know the deal. My life sucks and I'm afraid of what more there is. It all started when I was 8 and my parents divorced. My mom told us to get into the car because "we're going on a vacation." But apparently without my dad. And also forever. Life has just been shit from that point on. I've developed a really bad social anxiety that I could only "fight" by taking drugs. Alcohol, Weed, Painkillers, Cigarettes. Almost anything I could get my hands on. I got bullied in school because I didn't give a shit about my hygiene anymore, because everything was shit anyways. Then when I just felt a little better living apart from my dad, because I've found some friends my mom suddenly started being a total asshole. She married some dude who was later going to beat us, the damn police didn't help at all but was actually giving him the right. My mom got addicted to synthetical weed, she treated me like shit from that point on. Told me to go kill myself etc. Then I finally had the courage to move away (which was really hard since I would have to leave my friends) back to my dad. Which turned out as one of my dumbest decisions, because I couldn't find friends anymore, my social anxiety got stronger, I got fatter than I was (and I was really fat before already). And now my life consists of lying in my bed, cutting my arms open, waiting for some money so I can buy weed and crying all day long. I've never had kissed a girl before, never felt any kind of love. Had sex once but it sucked, because she puked right when I began. This fueled the fire of my social anxiety even more. I can't even speak to people irl without being drugged af. I have wasted my youth already while there's people enjoying there lives around me everywhere. I am so stressed out, that I have to puke at least once per day without any other reason. Everybody tells me that my youth is probably the best time of my life. But it sucked so hard, that I'm afraid of living on longer. I already tried killing myself, but it didn't work. I took it as a "sign" to not give up. But I am about to try it again, because I feel like it just isn't worth it anymore. I'm a fat ugly and dumb piece of shit, that doesn't have anything left to live for.