I strongly feel that this is the only solution for my recent problems, and will likely be buying rope his weekI have been in a constant state of frustration and confusion for the past few days and I just want help. I don't even know what to think.

My sister stole my rabbits and I reported her to the police for theft. She's been trying really hard to blackmail me through our dad by saying that she's going to report me for attempted murder and that she'll never let them go. She has also threatened to try and ruin my life by constantly reporting me to the police and RSPCA if I allow the police to continue with the investigation. 

I have been somewhat violent in the past, and I got help. My issues were diagnosed by a pair of psychiatrists and I'm receiving all of the help available to me. Despite telling them what I have done, I was told repeatedly that I was not any particular danger to other people. 

I've been reassured that nothing can come of this, but my anxiety is still running high. I've lost my appetite. I feel sick constantly. All I want to do is sleep all day. My arms are covered in cuts and my head is bruised from where I've been hurting myself. I want to disappear to make this all end. 

It doesn't help that my dad is constantly telling me what my sister is saying. He wants me to give up on the rabbits and to not press charges, and that he wants to just get me a new pet in exchange for dropping everything. It's not about the pets. It's about her harassment and how she has continuously walked all over me for years, expecting me to just let her abuse me however she wanted. Now that I'm standing up for myself, she's gone completely out of control and is trying to bludgeon me into silence. 

Both of my sisters have told me repeatedly that everything would be better for the family if I just killed myself. When I was hanging in front of my sister I heard her say that I should just die as our dad was getting me down.

I think they are right.

Tomorrow morning I will be obtaining a new length of rope from a nearby gardening store before leaving to the local forest where I will be hanging myself. I'll be finishing my final note there and calling my boyfriend and my best friend to thank them for everything give my last goodbyes.

A small part of me wants to carry on living so that I can press charges against my sister. I also dream about living a good and successful life in some sort of passive revenge. But I know this is just a wisp in the wind and that nothing would ever come of it, and that it ultimately doesn't matter in the end. Yet somehow this is making me reconsider everything. I wish it wouldn't. 