Not sure what's worth living for anymore.I've been mentally ill my whole life, been on antidepressants since 15 and it's never really worked. Over the last 11 months I've been doing Ketamine infusions with a psychiatrist and it's been awesome, all things considered. But it's not enough, and I can't really afford the treatments. 

I feel stuck. I have a really hard time holding down a job, longest is 9 months and I just quit a few weeks ago. I got a new job with fewer hours and a better environment, but that pays less per hour. I'm broke, my first paycheck at the new job is a few weeks away and will be miniscule. I can't afford life, not my rent or doctor's appointments or ketamine or medications or the hospital bills I already have that are being sent to collections... Much less anything I want out of life. I've been meaning to go to college and I am super lucky to have free tuition through my dad but I fucked up and now I'm suspended because of my grades. I'm not sure I'll be able to get an education now... If I even had the ability to force myself to go to classes and study. In addition to working. 

Plus, I'm trans and I honestly hate my body in every way and surgeries are way too expensive and I feel like that will never even be an option for me. So what am I working toward if the things that would make me okay with myself are totally unattainable? 

I've gained so much weight and I'm prediabetic, I am so tired all the time. I sleep ~16 hours a day. I live with my boyfriend and he doesn't know I still sleep that much, I wake up in the morning with him and wait until he goes to work then I go back to bed for several hours... I never do chores and he's getting frustrated with having to do everything every day. 

I am lost. I am helpless. I can't afford to keep going to the psychiatrist or the therapist or to pick up my meds... I can't afford to take my cat to the vet. I don't have a car. I will lose my bus pass if I am expelled from the college. I rely on everyone else for everything and I contribute nothing. I'm too tired. 

I know people would miss me, but they'd have so much more time and energy if they weren't living for me constantly. My cat would be cared for.  Everyone would be fine. 

I just... Never want to wake up. I don't look forward to anything and I have no hope for the future. I am too broken to take advantage of the things I do have, and  I'm too far from success to ever hope to not worry about every little thing all the time. 

The only thing I do when I am awake is play video games and I'm bad at them and the other players are awful to me the vast majority of the time. That doesn't help either, but if I am not playing I fall asleep. 

I'm a useless piece of shit. I'm at the end of so many ropes, that I've been clinging to for so many years. I don't even want to make it to the holidays.