SadnessHey, this is my first time posting on reddit.
Okay, so I'm 16 and my life is a complete shit right now... I mean it has never been easy but this is just something I cant bare. Everyday seems the same and I can't see any point in this pathetic existence anymore. I was that happy, clown kid once that would make people at school smile and laugh, yet when I was going home, that's when the shit was getting dark. My house was that old, creepy, sleazy building always surrounded by weird people, and the school was my salvation. Always when I arrived home my mom would ask me about math homework. The beginning of my adventure with mathematics was pretty fun, I didn't have any problems, everything was so smooth but when the first problems appeared. Well, my mother would just sit with me for 3-4 hours straight, beat me, yell at me every single time when it was "the mathematics time" - we both knew it doesn't work, I'm not learning anything and it's not helping me even a bit but I guess she was doing that to release her pain. Other family members would just leave my room and go watch TV or something - they just didn't care. Back when I lived in that weird hotel-like building I would just run away to a toilet (it was located in a hallway) so you had to leave your apartment to actually reach it. I would just sit there and pray to god, ask him to kill me, to relief the pain. And shit I was only like what? 8? It was going like that for somewhere around 2 years, I don't remember. We moved to another place, my mom stopped doing "that", I couldn't meet my friends due to a considerable distance and my mom's regime. And to be honest I've started realizing that they were not my friends. I had a pretty strong bond with one guy in particular, we called ourselves brothers and that kind of bullshit. But we were not in the same class anymore, my so called friends found another clown to be friend with, they didn't need me cause I've changed, I've started being shy, didn't want to talk to anyone, I mean I've always been but not to that stage. And yea I lost all of my friends and ironically the only friend I have left is a guy we bullied. And then my depression, mood swings and family problems kicked in. To make a long story short, I barely know my father - he works abroad and I see him as someone completely random, sometimes I feel disgusted when I think about him even tho he is a hard working, loving guy I suppose(I'm a monster, I know that), my mother wants a divorce and my brother was trying make some money on my parents by exposing some uncomfortable things to another half. I haven't talked to him for 2 years now. Mood swings is a good one - Some days I just feel like I can get up, brush away the dust and move forward and I just work out, sing, dance all kinds of stuff and somedays I just feel like killing myself. The only thing preventing me from doing that is my cowardness and dream of a more heroic death. I would rather be deployed in combat and die thinking I saved someone's life instead of just killing myself but I dont for how long I can stay sane. I've tried talking to specialist and all it gave me was remorse, thoughts that I shouldn't be making any confessions. Now I'm in my new school, things are even worse, I have no one, literally no one to talk to and I dont let anyone talk to me. My school is a nightmare, my home looks like a wasteland after apocalypse and that's a pretty accurate metaphor if I do say so myself. I'm missing many days in school, my grades went to shit, hell I might get kicked out and I just want to kill myself. All I dream about is moving to US(Texas to be exact), earning GED, getting a decent job and living peacuful life till the end. Which is even more depressing when I think about the chances of this actually happening. I think I will just let go, and die in a worthless death like a pitiful worm I am at January 1st if nothing changes till then.