My family makes me suicidal. I'm so tired of being told I'm a worthless piece of shit and that I never do anything or help and that I should shut up when I express an opinion or ask a question or ever say anything. I'm so confused on how my mom is sometimes nice and comforting when I'm really obviously overloaded with her and my sister's insults, but as soon as she's satisfied that I can take more she gets right back on the job of making me feel like I should've never been born. She tells me all the time, very specifically, that she hates the way I look and my personality and she's ashamed of me. She doesn't let any of her friends see me, one time I went to the grocery store she works at and she kicked me out, met me outside later and yelled at me for coming inside in the first place because her co worker/friends could see me. I'm not gross looking, either. I look like a normal person, I act like a normal person, but I can't take all this abuse. I just want to slit my arms or something. I am a cutter, though it's been a while since I've last done it, but tonight, without anything being said, my mom started ranting to the air about how I'm a shit daughter and she wishes she never had me. Well, I really fucking wish she never had me too. Everything is really messed up. I don't want to be here, it isn't worth it. Last year I found out a few things, since I was in foster care for a bit when I was a teenager, and I was molested for most of my childhood.. I found out that even though I'm diagnosed with depression and stuff, I'm really a normal person. I'm just surrounded by assholes who don't give a shit. It's my mom's fault that I was sexually abused, it's absolutely her fault I was taken away, and it's her fault that I'm here tonight wanting to go to my room and die. I can't take it anymore. I'm so fucking ALONE with all this shit. I can't say a word about the sexual abuse because I actually get fucking yelled at because my mom doesn't want to hear it, she's basically like fuck off and get over it. And I can't. I just want to fucking die. Maybe I'll go see my abuser and get some peace because I sure as hell won't get any here. 