I'm not really sure where this whole thing is headed.I don't even know where to start here. I've had what I could only describe as crippling anxiety that causes or feeds into depression all the time. Chronically. My friends don't understand what it's like minus one of my best friends, and even then I don't feel like I can talk to any of them. I just feel like a burden when I bring it up even though they all tell me that "they'll always be there for me" and I can "talk about anything to them." I just always talk myself out of it because I can fucking tell when I'm being a burden with it. My best friends love me near unconditionally, but I know there's only so much a human can take.

This is only compounded by the fact that I'm gay and am probably attracted to my best friends. I may get over it one day, but I can't convince myself now. My likes and interests are so out of sync with the "general gay community." My friends are getting into relationships, which is causing my brain to not only be super jealous because of my general feelings for them, but also to go into panic mode because I do not believe that there is someone for everyone. My anxiety causes me to be a mess to be around and my deeper problems seem almost completely unrelatable.

I'm absolutely rambling now because I have nowhere to put these feelings down. I've struggled with suicidal thoughts my entire adolescence and I never wanna burden my friends with them because I put them on a pedestal and I value them more than anything. I'm not really sure why I should carry on.

I kind of wish I was dead just for a while to see how it would affect everyone. Call me selfish, spiteful, fucked up, whatever. I just don't feel like I have any meaningful impact on people's lives. People tell me I do, but it feels bullshit. I can't convince myself of it even though they're being entirely genuine. After all, what do you tell someone who's going through something like that "no, I don't think of you that much, you don't mean too much to me, I'd miss you for a while, but honestly I'd get over it?"

I've stopped myself from doing it so many times. I keep a note written and updated and that helps sometimes because I'd hate to supposedly let so many people down. But it's hard. It's hard to keep going. This seems like a much simpler solution. I wouldn't have to worry about feeling anxious all the time. I wouldn't have to worry about what people think. I'd be dead. I wouldn't have to worry about what people would think of me after or if they would show up to my funeral. I'd be dead.

Sure I'm selfish, whatever. But the struggle doesn't feel worth it. I'm too much of a leech. I'm just ready to have it all be done.