Sorry to post here again.If I'm posting here too much, please tell me. I honestly won't be offended.

I am feeling really, really depressed again today. I've spent a few months working really hard, trying to  teach myself how to program and design websites. 

I spent the past few weeks working on redesigning a website for my Dad's company. I worked really, really hard, and I thought it looked pretty good. I finally sent him a link to my design, and he ignored it. I sent another email, no response. I was supposed to show it to other employees at a staff meeting yesterday and I felt so embarrassed that I stayed in bed. Avoided checking my email until last night, and then blew off another meeting this morning. 

I just feel horrible about myself and my future. I hate not having a real job. I spent 3 years in a job before, and everybody seemed to love me. They acted like I was really smart, capable, etc. Then, I decided to switch jobs, and they turned on me. They made it into a personal thing, complained about me to my new boss, made my life hellish, etc. 

I ended up quitting the new job after only six months or so, and I feel completely lost. I wanted to go to graduate school, but I have nobody to write letters of recommendation for me now. I feel like all of my time was wasted there because of what happened when I tried to leave, and I shouldn't have been such a fuck-up.

I just feel horribly incompetent and miserable right now. I really, really want to die. Everything I think about seems miserable. I would much rather just end my life now and not have to deal with any of it. The neutrality of death seems far better than having to deal with life right now and in the future. 

I just really want to die right now. I feel like the world would be a better place if I were dead, and I could save a lot of people by donating my organs, because I'm apparently in superb health. Those people probably appreciate life a hell of a lot more than I do right now, so it seems like a very good solution. 

I just don't know how to kill myself without hurting my family. I've caused enough problems already. I can't afford to cause anymore.