It has come in waves. Now I'm drowning in it. I think tonight I'm going to go through with it.Not my first post here. Might be my last. 

First my friends saw it fit to go around telling everyone I am a rapist after some petty arguments went out of control. They went to all my friends online and I found myself banned from communities I was in for years without a chance to appeal and no one willing to fight for me.  

They accused me of raping an ex-girlfriend, raping my current girlfriend, abusing the both of them, hating women in general, and a ton of other things. They said my thoughts of suicide were a lie I used as a "get out of jail free card" and that I don't really have suicidal thoughts. 

I broke down, I cried, I worked things out with people close to me. My girlfriend stuck by me through it all, as she certainly wasn't raped. Her parents always hated me, and now they are snooping around. They think because my girlfriend did not tell them outright what was going on, that whatever the people are saying about me must be true. They say that I caused her depression (the depression she has had all her life) an in causing her depression I caused a late onset allergy and I caused her to gain weight. They want her to leave me. 

It is bound to all fall apart. I have a political career. Newspapers are going to EAT THIS UP. "LOCAL CANDIDATE ACCUSED OF RAPE". It will only take one person from this group of dozens to go to a newspaper. 

Some of them have actively wished death on me, some say getting me to commit suicide would "protect people from having to deal with me in the future" (paraphrasing). I've tried so hard to get ANY of my friends who have heard both sides to write down a letter to a lawyer. None of them have. Not a single one of them was willing to step up and prevent this from spreading. None of them. Not family, not close friends willing to do anything more than talk to a person for a minute and then give up. 

Everywhere I go this cloud of hate seems to follow, even when in a setting of complete strangers. [Here is a Dota 2 game today.](http://i.imgur.com/C8OqMv1.png) Even strangers are okay with me dying. 

I've received harassing messages on my actual Reddit account from long ago. Opening up about the abuse I faced from my ex-girlfriend open the floodgates, with plenty of women accusing me of lying for karma and plenty of men calling me weak for letting it happen. Both groups told me to go die. 

I can't handle this any more. My girlfriend's stepmother just emailed one of the people who started this hate-train. She will believe her. She will tell everyone. The news will pick it up. I want to spare myself the pain, I just need to find an easy way to commit suicide. Bleach keeps coming to mind. 

I thought it would end after I graduated. I thought eventually my friends would come around. I thought someone would stand up for me. I'm so disappointed now, I just want to disappear into nothing. No one cared about how I would be affected by all this shit. I want to die, then everyone will get what they want. It is a win-win. 

Unless someone has a solution, a way to get out of this, I think it is time to start chugging. 