Not sure how to label this, my story I guess.I've never really made any of this public before, have only told a handful of people scattered details. I want to start off by saying my parents are good people and I don't blame them for anything, without them I probably wouldn't have gotten this far.


The issues have stemmed from my social life. Ever since early elementary I was bullied, picked on, ostracized and generally not treated well. This has left me with little to no self esteem, I will always place myself as the underdog and put people above me. I cannot accept a compliment nor am I even good at accepting any sort of gift, even if it is something as simple as a card.

During highschool things got worse. I was supposedly setup with a girl I had liked for quite some time, only to be told by her, in front of her friends that my friends were playing a joke on me. The next girl I was interested in left me for her abusive ex-bf. During this time I was still being bullied, both physically and mentally/emotionally. Even to a point where someone had found a picture of me, placed "I'm a fag" in big bold letters on, printed it off and posted them liberally around the school. During this time I discovered cutting, my left arm is covered in scars, it was just something about hurting. It just became my frame of mind, that it is how I should always be. It was also around this time that I did attempt suicide, 2 more Tylenol capsules and I probably wouldn't be writing this right now. I was hospitalized overnight and released in the morning after being monitored. I outright rejected professional help, I just couldn't bring myself to talk to anyone about anything, it just felt like since I was hurting that was the way it's always been so it's right. I graduated HS near the top in my school, even had a GF at the time. I went to a prestigious University and thought I could make a new start. Two months in my GF breaks up with me and tells me she's been cheating on me. I fail most of my first round of midterms and again refuse to seek help, just thinking this is the way things were. I became almost completely introverted at this point, refusing to get close to anyone. I made some friends, but could never feel attached to them. They just came and went, I dont miss them and rarely think about them. A littler later, I decided to try dating again, I met a girl and things were going alright. It lasted quite awhile then I just pushed her away, I panicked and drifted from her and just had this overwhelming desire to be alone. The relationship crumbled, she shredded me verbally and through email and I just silently took it all, never fought back about any of it. Again, just a feeling of everything was alright, and then I began to cut again, this time more deeply. Again I became completely introverted, wanting to just be left alone. This is when I started to notice that I was having moments where I felt nothing, no attachment, no happiness, nor sadness, just nothing. It is a scary feeling, it was like being entirely objective about yourself without any emotional context. During this time I had also discovered alcohol and at times drank my problems away, many many times. I've since gotten that under control though, I didn't like how it impaired my thinking. I finally graduate from my program and get a Bsc. During which I had been dating another girl. I thought I was happy but the periods of no emotion starting happening more often. I began to push her away as well, but she pushed back. I began to get frustrated with it and pushed more and more, just wanting to be alone, to make sure no one else would feel what I feel because of me. Not long after, I broke her heart, I broke up with her after a very long relationship. I told her I didn't love her and hadn't for some time but was trying to make her happy. She told me then that I had ruined her life, that I had wasted her time and that I was the biggest mistake she had made. She tried to take her own life a couple of times, I had shown up physically to stop it. The last time she became physically abusive and I was punched in the face several times. I never fought back, called her anything or even snapped back at her during all of this. I just made she she was alright and not harming herself. I did get her calmed down and she fell asleep. I stayed nearby that night to make sure nothing happened to her. I did love her at some point, but now the feelings of detachment are more and more pronounced. I don't know what I feel toward many people, including family.

During all of this, I've often thought of death. Even when you know it's the most selfish and the most destructive thing you could do to the people around you, you can convince yourself otherwise. You can convince yourself that it would just be easier if you didn't exist, if no one had to worry about you or that you would never have to risk hurting anyone again. I've come close to doing this, it floats through my head daily, every night and every morning. Even as far as knowing exactly how and how I could make it so cleanup would be easy and not inconvenient for whoever had to do it.

I've started to push everyone away, family, any previous friends I had and anyone I cared about. I can't hurt them, or have them hurt because of me. 

The funny part is that I was usually the one that people came to talk with when they were feeling this way. They came to me to tell me their troubles, find compassion, comfort and advice. I've even been told I have caring eyes. I have bent over backwards for people in my time and have stuck up for people who I can tell are like me. But I can't let anyone do that for me, some call it selfless, some call it  stupid.

So I've slowly began my own self inflicted exile. I don't know what is going to come of it, or how it's going to end. I'm not really looking for advice or ideas, just wanted to get it written down somewhere. 

If this helps anyone else, then I am glad, simple as that.