How do I leave things with my family and loved ones?Essentially the title... I know that I am going to commit suicide, but I know that when I do my family will replay the last moments we spent together in their heads over and over again after my death. I am struggling with that responsibility -- that I knew it was the last time we would spend time together. I feel like a murderer meeting the family of her victim. 

Do I make my suicide look impulsive? So they don't read too far in to what I said or did with them before I died? So they don't think that this plan was brewing at the time we were together and that there was nothing they could have done? 

Or do I do something really meaningful with them and make them feel appreciated and loved before I go... or will that make them feel even worse when I die, leaving them thinking that my spending time with them was insincere and I only did it because I knew I was going to kill myself? 

I'm so ready to kill myself I just feel so so guilty about leaving my family behind. 

Some context: 
I'm a 19 year old girl and have a mom, dad, and an older sister. I live on my own but in the same town as my parents. They all feel slightly guilty about why I am the way I am even though they shouldn't. They know I am/have been suicidal. They are constantly worried about me as is. I just don't want them to feel guilty when I die. It literally breaks my heart in half more than anything else has knowing that they will live with unnecessary guilt. I just wish I didn't ever exist so that I didn't have to leave them. But as it is, I need to end this and I just want to know how to minimize pain. My dad runs a work shop on death and dying and there's a poem to the the tune of taps he holds dear: I forgive you, Please forgive me, Thank you, I love you. I believe that will be my suicide note. He has to know how much I love him despite how terrible I've been to him in my life. 

I'm crying as I write this. Both my parents have known death since they were young and it hurts to know that I'm going to do this to them but I have to know how to minimize their pain rather than doing it blindly and hurting them more than necessary. 

N.B. I also posted this to sanctionedsuicide but in case they remove it, I hoped to hear thoughts from any of you on how you might want someone who was planning on killing themselves to spend their last moments with you. Please, please help me.  