It's about time I go. I'm far too soft and people are too much for me.Continuing from this thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/1g1f6c/im_far_too_soft_for_this_world/

I've been considering suicide for some time now. I never knew how I'd do it but I think if anything I'd OD on my anxiety medication and drink myself to sleep. This world is far to bleak and my life is not going anywhere. I have no job, I'm 24 and I don't like the state of this world. I try my best to be kind to people but people use me as their personal punching bag. 

I have "friends" that I've had hearts to hearts with whom I told I have a brain tumor. Today, because the universe had the planets perfectly aligned to make me just want to end it, two people who don't even know each other both made fun of the fact that I have this tumor. It isn't something I find funny, and it's something that causes me intense amounts of anxiety. One of them was annoyed because he did bad in League of Legends (a videogame). He was telling another friend of ours that he didn't want to be criticized for doing badly so I made a harmless joke that didn't have anything to do with the game, or anything serious at all. His response: "And you have a brain tumor. So, you know..."

Then not even an hour after, another friend texted me. He, like me, has anxiety but his is far less controlled. He's also a very paranoid person in general but I would sit down and talk with him when he was depressed. I was completely empathetic. For whatever reason he thought I was mad at him and we needed to talk. I told him we would later but I was busy at the moment (I was, plus I wasn't in a good mood from the earlier insensitive comment). I put down my phone and returned to messages saying, "You have a brain tumor and I don't, I see now why your bitch left you"(referring to my ex girlfriend who he knows I love and am still getting over) and he called me a "crackhead" because I am taking anti-anxiety. 

Honestly, if me having a brain tumor is a way for people to insult me when I've been nothing but kind to them, this is not a world worth living in. I want a painless death to leave this place for good.