I don't know how much longer I can hold off on killing myself.I've tried overdosing twice in the past 3 years. I failed both times even though I took a lot (first time about 600 pills, found around 6 or 7 hours later. Second time several bottles of prescription meds including sedatives,.sleeping pills, and lithium, which I kind of just slept off and vomited out). 

For a while people have told me there is a "reason" I failed, but I've never believed it. There have been some moments of happiness in my life over the last few years, but mostly I've just be lethargic and miserable. I don't want to leave my house. All I ever want to do is get home and lie down. I'm not really tired. I cant fall asleep until I wear myself out, drink too much, or take sleeping meds. 

I have no desire at all to do better or improve my life. I.did buy a new car recently which was nice, but the happiness from that purchase was short lived. I have resigned to never take another partner. I have no desire to have sex or cultivate friendships or new relationships. I fear I will be living in my parents rent house forever. 

I'm riddled with anxiety. I've taken so many different kinds of meds. I can't even remember them all. None of them affect me positively. All recreational drugs illicit poor reactions from me and I dont like to do them. I like to drink but I have almost no control over it when I'm out. I dont always drink though. I haven't always drank. But I've always felt this way. As far back as I can remember, like at around age 6. Now I'm in my mid 20s and my mental health is still fucked. 

Sure, I've made some positive changes and growth, but it is nothing compared to the massive amount of crap I have going on in my head. People are always telling me I seem fine and I'm just being dramatic when I try to share how bad my pain is. They say I look and act like im.happy. well duh. I'm not going to be mopeing around all the time when others are looking. 

I have tried therapy. I went through about 5 or 6 therapists. Then I quit that and started online therapy. I've been doing that for a month or so now but it's not really helping. I have tried exercise and dieting. But I became unhealthily obsessed with that so I had to stop. I'm all or nothing baby. 

I have no real hobbies or passions, dreams or goals. I simply want to cease existence. I'm tied of fighting my feelings. I just want to give in and end it all. 

I have always wanted to die and I still do. Im thinking about buying some Russian pills online that are like barbiturates and just ending my life taking a ton of those with several gimlets or glasses of wine. Maybe some weed too in the tub, really set the mood. Plus the tub would catch all my vomit so easier cleanup for my family. Maybe I could lay a tarp down because I'm not sure how easy it is to get vomit out of a bathtub. 

Whatever I do, I really think I'm gonna do it this time. And if I fail I will keep trying until I succeed. I'll buy a fucking pistol and blow my brains out or hang myself through partial suspension. Idk. I just want this constant suffering to be over with. I'm always paranoid. I've tried my best to get help but there is no help for me. I'm living a nightmare every day and every night.