Do you ever feel like people are calling your bluff?Since my last post of visiting the bridge  I spent a week in bed, didn’t shower or change clothes for 8 days. Since then I’ve managed to puncture an artery. I suppose it wasn’t too bad as I was discovered and bandaged up, however my arm had been in pain ever since and my hand goes numb sometimes. After the artery incident on Monday my father went to my pharmacy who still had refills for my antidepressants, I’ve been off of them since July because I thought my refills were done and I had lost my insurance due to quitting my job. Two days in my parents were expecting everything to be fine. My mother asked how I was feeling and said things should be back to normal now right? I told her that I still feel helpless and hopeless only difference is that I can get out of bed now. I have certain responsibilities to full-fill and though I keep asking them for help they basically  wake me up every morning at 5 am and expect me to head to the city and hour and a half away. It doesn’t seem to matter to them that I haven’t showered or changed clothes in days again. That I tell them I’m humiliated because I’m literally sobbing on the train everyday during rush hour. I reached out to my ex who told my mother “she’s threatening suicide again” and then promptly blocked me.  
Yesterday my mother discovered two drafts of a suicide note I was writing the day before. Yet here I am again sobbing in the middle of the city like an out of control loser.

I feel like no one is taking me seriously. I need some kind of serious grief counseling to deal with my breakup from an 8 year relationship. My partner was basically me only friend and I’m isolated now and just hopeless. The future seems black. I’ve spent months researching every suicide method and I have to admit that at this point I’ve got a solid plan.  I hate how I feel. Nauseous jittery due to medication. Lost because my whole life has changed. 

I went from not being able to get out of bed for a week to barely taking care of myself but able to at least travel into the city. I feel like it’s just a matter of time before I autopilot and complete suicide. 