Wife just left sitting in the dark drinking with a lot of time till work long readSorry for the format cant be bothered

Tl;dr wife tried to kill herself once i got covered in her blood we almost divorced 3 months later while i was on duty someone on base broke into my house and raped my wife at gun point trial just ended wifes been treating me like im nonexistent more than usual since now shes left after a fight and title

Background

Ever since i was a kid ive felt like ive just had a wall blocking me from doing anything great outside of that my mother went to prison when i was 4 for armed robbery and i wemt to live with my grandma.  When i was 6 my dad died from what i was told was a car wreck i dont remember my next few years but apparently i took that really hard and thats why i dont remember. Growing up i had a few friends that was fine because they were good friends but eventually we all got into some drugs. I myself started smoking weed when i was 11 and continued doing that and snorting pills all through high school where my grandma treated me like i was worthless and my always in trouble sister like an angel but thats not to important. Around 16 my mom got out of prison and i reconnected with her and ended up moving in with her my junior year of highschool.  While working a job at a rest stop in high school a person i met there use to know my dad and he told me the truth that my family hid from me growing up that he had died of a heroin overdose at someones house and instead of calling an ambulance they put him in his car on the side of a road.  At the end of my junoir year i decided to join the marine corps.  My senior year i met my wife and we started dating in February she was cute and all but she seemed to just think noone cared about her when everyone did but that they were just out to get her so to speak. July of that year i went to boot camp graduated went to combat school and 2 mos schools beaufort i got to my duty station a year later while still dating my wife and every thing was pretty ok i thought.  In y first month of being in my new squadron the people i worked with hated me because i had a miscomunication one time with one of my sgts and he slandered me because of it so i got sent to other places for weeks at a time so i wouldnt bother them and as the next year and a half went on i built my way up and got some recognition that i knew what i was doing and was good at the job but only 1 guy really stood up for me and thought i was the best one in the shop to take his spot when he left but everyone else disregarded it no matter how many times i proved it. In december of 2014 me and my wife got married i kind of assumed we werent ready but i was tired of being away from her.  The one major thing was that she never cared about me in our relationship only herself because she says if she doesnt care about herself noone else will which i tried to prove wasnt true.  Within the first month of us living together she found old porn links on my phone and said she wanted a divorce and left our bedroom i followed after her afew seconds later and found her sitting in the living room which at that point she attacked me and i retreated back to the bedroom. When she came in after me she turned on the light and i was covered in her blood (iwas only wearing shrts) i started to freak out and have a panick attack just standing there screaming at the top of my lungs i was so scared and then she passed out. Once i regained my compusure as best i could i started screaming i was gonna call 911 while trying to find my phone when she grabbed me and held me while i went into another screaming fit and passed out when i woke up in the morning i found a note saying she had swallowed a bottle of asprin or something to kill herself so i shook her hoping she hadnt died and she woke up and we just kinda went back to normal im the kind of person that doesnt want to let anyone in on there problems (why im here instead of with a friend) so i had to leave to go to work right after that so i wouldnt be ua and have to be asked about it so i just went on auto pilot for the next week.  About 2 months later i left for 6 weeks and when i came back i had duty over the memorial weekend so i would be gone for 24 hours. (2015 memorial) while i was gone that night i was gonna go back to the house to see if my wife wanted to get food with me and decided not to since she said she was going to bed but during that time that i was going to go back and didnt one of our neighbors on base housing broke into our home and raped my wife at gun point.  The next day after getting back from the hospital me and a friend went to the house after the police had left and talked to a few of my neighbors seeing who matched the descrition and they bpointed out a house to us so i plan was to go to the guys house before he left for work and wait to see if he was the guy and then beat him to death with my bestfriend but i ended up falling asleep because i was so stressed and hadnt slepy in 40 hours and when i woke up that guy was caught.  The next few months were rough. All my friends left on deployment while i stayed back with my wife so i told noone at my new squadron except my co what had happened.  My wife seemed to grow distant from me and i always tried to help but she said she just wanted to move on with her life like it didnt happen so i tried to support that. When the court case came around this december i ended up spending the majority of it by myself standing outside because it was to much for me and everyone stayed with my eife upstairs.  The only person that came and talked to me a few times was my father inlaw her dad.  He helped a good bit with me and i feel like hes the only father figure ive ever had in my life.  Now that the trials over my wife told all her friends that i neglected her the whole time and never talked to her to wee if she was okay and that i just acted like it never happened (like she told me to do) and has started putting distance between us as in spending very little time with me and all of it with her friends.  So now tonight i told her that i had to leave in 2 months for 6 weeks and she said that i didnt care about her and never listen to her and that she was leaving to go to a friends to stay.  So now here i am in the dark drinking till sunrise while my wife stays with her friend and her husband who i have to work with tomorrow and im considering just getting hammered and running my car into a tree as fast as i can to just end it..