I thought it would get easier. It hasn't.I'm approaching 40 and I've never cried more in my adult life. Tonight the tears flowed freely and hotly down my cheeks and my body was wracked with deep, uncontrollable sobs. My eyes are still burning and my throat is raw from crying out loud. 

It's strange what this time in my life has brought me to. I've never been a popular person but I've always though of myself as well liked by the people close to me. Over the last 6 months I've been gradually pulling away from those people, my kids included. I haven't been able to pull myself out of this place and it's quickly approaching the point to where I don't know that I'll be able to. The more I think about life the more pointless it seems to be. We are all just a small blip on the screen, smaller even than that. I get the ripple effect that one person can have in the world, both in a good way and a bad. The only reason I'm still here is what might happen to the few people that matter most to me if I were to kill myself. I think about it every day, multiple times a day, and have even gone so far as to make detailed plans for the day. Maybe part of the reason why I'm pulling away is that I don't want to fuck up people any more than I already would if I went through with it. 

This is all so much harder and more confusing than I ever imagined it to be. I don't understand how people do it. I've been to therapy, seen psychiatrists, been on medication for years, and I'm still in this mindset. I checked myself into medical care early in the year because I knew where I would end up if I didn't. I'm regretting checking myself in now because if I didn't I wouldn't be here to deal with the feelings I'm having now. 

I feel like a failure as a son, as a brother, as a friend, as a husband, and as a father. In almost every aspect of my life I feel like I've fallen short time and time again and I see no clear path towards a fulfilling life. The only way forward I see is by either killing myself or by surviving only to keep others from being affected by my passing. I don't have any prospects on things getting better. I feel unloved and unwanted most of the time. There are some good things in my life but they are almost always overshadowed by my feelings of inadequacy and a deep sense of shame and disappointment in myself. 

I thought that life would get better as I aged. I thought things would become easier. Now all I see is the things I fucked up on and how far short I've fallen from the goals I've set for myself. I'm not the man I expected to be and I literally can't even look at my face in the mirror anymore. I'm disgusted by what I see and what I want right now, more than anything, is to never feel another feeling ever again.