I have no reason to live anymore.Sorry ,for making you guys have to read all of this shit, you are  not obligated to read this wall of text, even with all these grammar errors (because english is not my first language), but i just had to trow it all out.

It's not the first time i felt worthless, people always said to me things like; * "this is just a phase, it get's better with, just forget it." *well, i've probably waited for pretty a long darn time for this is so called * "better" *, as a matter of fact i can't just keep up the way i'm right now, not just like that.

My family  treats me like a child, as if i had no capabilities of walking down the street alone, even tough i'm an adult myself right now, i have to endure verbal abuse from my step-mother almost every single fucking day, she would keep calling me" idiot, useless, dumb, retared" etc etc,  even when i try to defend myself (trough words, obvious, i hate violence, i'm a very emotional man,  i don't  know if this is goot at all.) she once humilhated me in front of a crowd, you can imagine how bad this felt.  She would verbally assault me and treaten me to kick me out of home (this happend three times already, but i was able to convice her to go back.) My father will just sit and watch the whole thing, as a matter fact, he was barely present in my life at all, i only live with them because school is near, and the city i live is big.


I could always try move to one of my grandparents home, but they live a thousand miles form where i'm currently,  and they can't even take care of themselfs anymore,  so this is not an option.

My self esteem is also going down the hill, i don't have a reason to live at all like i said, torugh my whole life i always had to endure people saying to me that i should become a doctor or a laywer in order to be someone in my life over and over again, like if i would be nothing if i didn't and if were nothing right now. I wanted to become an artist (because the girl i like revealed this to me.) whenever i would draw or paint, i would forget most of my problems, then i fell in love with art, but my consant depression is almost making me lose intersted in art too.

My body isn't atractive at all. I only weight 50kg and acne is a common enemy. 

Even worse is that i have earing and sleep issues,  i can't sleep because my breathing sometimes get really bad(doctors would say frequent sinusitis, but i was never able to figure it out.) i'm totally deaf of one of my ears and i feel that the other is slowling loosing hearing ( i have this because of a malformation) this sucks a lot, i would always hear people saying "i wish i was deaf so i couldn't hear that bullshit." and when i had the chance i would reply: you wouldn't want that, believe me.

I was also diagnosed with spectrum autism, so yeah, this make me shy as fuck, and i'm not a genius at all.

I feel like a worthless piece of shit, i can't do any good shit, my grades are getting worse and worse and my urge for study just went down the hill, i just don't have reasons to study anymore. The worst is that i was always bad in math, now i'm basically a cavemen on this area, i needed to learn math in order to pass in a University entrance exam, but i don't care anymore.

Shit just got worse for me when my best friend just suddenly stopped speaking t ome (don't ask me why, when  i tried to find about why, she told me to stop asking.)  and with her, i also lost the little conversation i had with the girl i liked, she also suddenly stoped talking to me, speaking with her was one of the things that made me keep moving on and she was the one that made me realize art was my thing, now i lost almost any friendship i had in the entire school, and the chance of seeing the eye so f the most beatiful girl i has ever seen as well.

 If i at least confessed something to her some months ago, i believe i could still have a chance, but i'm better at winning the lottery right now.

The only friends i have now are three guys: verlafixin, fluoxetine and ritalin (the last one know to be a cousin of cocaine, but i don't if this is true.) They help me make feel like a zombie and help me stay awake when i need while helping me to sleep and forcing short bursts of hapiness, but yeah, i only use these to sleep like a rock, so i can't remember my problems in my bed.

Like i said, i don't even care about living anymore, if it wasn't for destiny of some shit i probably wouldn't be a live by now, the last time two dudes tried to rob me i said: "i won't leat you steal my stuff, but if you want it, you can kill me, because i really don't care." I probably didn't die because the robbers didn't believe on what they were hearing, so they just left me. I don't know if this should be call luck or unluck, but whatever.

I at least wished i could move to another country, very very far from here, start a new and fresh life. But if this was that easy.... 

So now i'm pretty dead by inside and i don't care for what happens to me anymore, i tried to overdose myself manytimes, but i'm way to coward for that, so i just let my life in the hand of whatever god exists out there.from here, start a new and fresh life. But if this was that easy.... So now i'm pretty dead by inside and i don't care for what happens to me anymore, i tried to overdose myself manytimes, but i'm way to coward for that, so i just let my life in the hand of whatever god exists out there.