I need some perspectiveSo I have quite thoroughly and efficiently planned my pending suicide. I've always sucked at the big decisions and for reasons that will become obvious the only place I can go for advice is you guys. I'll try not to wallow but I think you need some background so here goes.

I'm female, I turned 44 earlier this year. I don't know how else to put it other than I'm flawed. I haven't had a real 'friend' since I was a child. People just don't like me, don't respect me, don't want to talk to or be around me. Colleagues, acquaintances and even my own family have belittled and hurt me both publicly and privately.. and they enjoyed it, they didn't feel bad. 

I don't blame any of them, how can I when it's a prevalent pattern throughout my life. It's not them, it's me. 

I could blather on but; I am absolutely and utterly alone. No-one calls, no-one comes to my house, no-one cares.

I have 2 boys, 24 and 26 that I've managed to annoy so much that they don't come near me. They live together just 2 blocks away. The second last time I spoke to my eldest I told him 'I just want to feel like you care about me'. Long story short, he couldn't do that, can't be blaming him though, no-one could.

My ex cheated on me after 6 years together, cheated and then left me for his mistress when I found out. Not only did he leave me but within a couple of months the kids had left too. They were living happily with my ex and his new woman. She took my family ye, but she didn't hold a gun to their heads, they wanted to go. This was around 5 years ago, pretty much been alone since then.

I have to mention money because it plays such a huge role. I'm poor and I always have been. If you did the maths I had my eldest at 18 so not educated, so I had to work hard all my life just to get by. Cleaning and kitchen work. Hard work for low pay, sometimes 2 jobs at once just to make ends meet.

Not gonna bother with the pathetic stories of going hungry so my kids could eat, or how I don't even have a coat for winter (ye, it snows here and I'm australian so its winter now). I do remember being astounded at a charity thing where you had to try and survive on $2 a day.. I'd been doing that for months.. One can of soup and 4 slices of bread a day, divided into 2 meals. I can remember going almost a year once without chocolate, just couldn't afford treats. Fucking sad.

I need glasses, I can't read the books I love so much anymore, I got a prescription for them but how do I find the money for them? Even worse, I need a lower denture. My teeth are so embarrassing, you can see the horror on peoples faces when they notice that some are missing. I have no chewing surface left, I can only eat soft foods. It's $1300 for the denture, how can I ever raise that? I'm on the waiting list for a free one, only 6-9 months left...

I am SO very very fucking tired of stressing, worrying, daydreaming and basically functioning around money. I can not be fucked to call up some corporation or whatever and ask for more time or a repayment plan even one more time. So very fucking sick of robbing Peter to pay Paul, so very fucking tired of screening my calls and working so hard to keep people off my back.

At first I postponed my suicide because I didn't have enough money to buy a fucking rope, not even kidding.

So I've set a date, around 10 days away now, I've made a Will and started throwing out my crap. My household and personal effects (which are nothing special) are all going to charity. I've donated my remains to research. Hopefully when I go my sons will not be notified, only the executor of my Will (State Trustee).

Thing is I have a life insurance policy. Currently my will states that my sons get it.. But when I think on how they know I'm completely alone and they are ok with leaving me that way, I can't help but feel so angry and hurt. They know I was suicidal after they all left, so they know there's a chance I might do it, I can only assume they just don't care. I'm considering leaving it to the RSPCA instead.

They don't care about me and I can't help but feel they don't deserve something that I legit went without to afford, not exaggerating, I have struggled to pay that shit because I knew I had nothing else to leave them, it made me feel good to know they'd be getting more than I ever did.

Is it spiteful to give it to the RSPCA instead? I have a feeling it is, but why should they get it when they turned their back on me.. However unloveable I may be, I'm still their mum. They know what an utterly joyless and miserable existence I lead and they let it happen.

I'm doing my best to arrange it so they aren't notified when I go, I just want to slip off quietly. If the university accepts my remains there will be no funeral (to pay for). Perhaps, my sons won't find out til a cheque arrives, which would be ideal. Or, if I leave it to the RSPCA they may never find out til/if they decide to look for me.

I chose the RSPCA because although I like people well enough, they just don't like me. And quite honestly, it's the love of my little dog that has kept me from doing this a lot sooner.

Anyways, this money is a precious gift and I just want to get it (something) right. Not asking for advice about how I'm feeling or my plans, that's pretty much a done deal. Just please, help me make the right choice with this money.

