21 year old mother who can't do it anymore. Please, someone help me.I don't know where to begin besides I'm a 21 year old wreck. I have a 2 year old son who means everything to me, and has always helped me push through, but I'm reaching a breaking point.
Backstory: I unexpectedly got pregnant by drug dealer at the time, to be candid I didn't even know his name. I had just graduated high school 3 months prior to finding out I was pregnant. Despite the obstacles, we managed to form a relationship and stay together. Two years into it, the more I got to know him the more I realized he isn't who I want in a life partner. We separated and I am back at home with my mom and dad, who constantly criticize me as a mom. I moved back in with my parents because I work part time and go to school full time. I can't afford a place of my own, and after I separated from my partner I no longer have a vehicle.  Even though I've separated from my former partner he is pushing a relationship. He wants to get married and I don't have the guts to tell him I don't love him. I told him we needed time apart, and that's why I moved out- but in his mind there is still hope. I'm partly to blame because I will use him as an excuse to get out from my parents house for a bit, as he is the only friend my parents will allow me to have. I'm constantly having to lie to everyone just to maintain some sort of peace and a tiny ounce of freedom. It is wrong on so many levels, but I don't know what else to do.
I've always struggled with depression, I've been on medication longer than I can recall- but the medicine just doesn't help. The void and numb feeling I carry reaches the deepest parts of my soul. I feel like I have failed in all aspects. I'm not a good mom to be honest. It tears me apart that I don't have the energy or joy like most parents. My son now cries for my mother instead of me. He doesn't want me to hold him, he isn't ever excited to see me, just her. I just feel hopeless. My parents criticize me for not giving my child a "stable home", and not providing him with the "same opportunities" that I was afforded growing up. 
There iss so much more to the story, but I'm feeling like I'm rambling. I'm just basically at a point where I feel completely helpless. I feel like everyone (my child included) would be better off if I simply didn't exist. I bought a gun 3 days ago, and I've been fantasizing about pulling the trigger. 

I'm finally ready.

I don't know what made me make an account and post this, I think I just needed to put it out into the universe. I'm a loner who doesn't have any friends, just my coworkers and this isn't something you can just dump on a coworker. 
I appreciate anyone who took the time to read this.
