i'm so fucking tired (wow original)this is just a stupid ass post i have slept like 4hours in the last couple days and i want a distraction from crying 

my fucking narc ex drained the life out of me, tossed me away like trash saying "we can be friends with benefits" and my clown ass still loves him. i even went to meet him knowing he just wants to fuck and he just treated me like a one night stand stranger the whole time, well, of course what did i expect. same guy told me he loved me and wanted to marry me just a couple months before dumping me. and he wondered why i had trust issues with people hahahahhahahhsha

we were together for three fucking years and this is what i get. i'm nothing but a fucking hole to fuck he doesn't care about me no one does. my family fucked me up when i was a child i was sexually abused from when i was 5years old and i couldnt tell anyone because i was afraid my dad would actually kill me. i grew up poor and bullied with 0 real friends. i legitimately tried to kill myself at age 8 by getting hit by a car (lmao) but nothing happened, i just passed out. 

i'm gonna stop here because no one cares about my pitiful life lmao i swear im not doing this for pity or whatever but well it's been shit from the beginning to the end. except for the few good moments with my ex when i genuinely believed my life is changing for the better and he really does love me. he sure is a good actor.

anyway i'm not yet sure which method i'm going to use because i have no access to firearms (which would be the most effective). i have quite a lot of various prescription medicine including benzos that i could take and just go to sleep. it's 6:41 am and i haven't slept a second tonight. so yeah when i finally figure out the deadly combination and dose i'll off myself, hope that will be asap. i have to be careful because i don't want even the slightest chance that i will survive and live the rest of my life braindead with damaged organs lmaoo that would be my just my luck tho