I'm Tired of Being Tired...People keep telling me it gets better. For six or more years, that's all I've heard. "It gets better, just hang in there!" Did aspects get better? Yeah. I met a girl that I love with all my heart, I got an amazing dog, and I'm going to college.

In all honesty, some of that just makes these feelings worse. I had cut so many people out of my life at the end of high school. The only people that might have missed me would have been my family, and even on bad days that is questionable. Now, though, I have so many connections again. Friends, a girlfriend, her family, a dog that depends on me for food and care...

It doesn't help make the days better when you have anxiety and depression. It just makes the days longer. I'm mentally exhausted. I take 15 credit hours at school, work part time, and have to handle my girlfriend and my dog. I want to make her happy to the best of my ability, even if it means staying up late to drive home after being with her and waking up early the next day for work. I have friends to care for. Everyone seems to have it harder than me.

I'm just so...tired of being this exhausted. I'm tired of waking up every morning and feeling this way. I don't think I'm actually in danger of killing myself, but the thoughts cross my mind. Almost daily I think about how it might happen. Would I succeed? Would I fail, end up in the hospital? Who would cry? Who would say they saw it coming? I never have an urge to act out these thoughts, but the maladaptive daydreams I have consume me.

It's getting harder every day. Every night I want to bury my head in my pillow and scream. It's harder and harder to ignore the urge to rake a blade over my skin and feel the sting of pain because, hey, at least I can feel that. I feel nothing but static all day. I just want to sleep and never wake up. I can't leave these people I have to take care of, but I'm so tired...

If you got this far, I would really like to talk to someone who understands. I want to tell my girlfriend, but she also has anxiety and depression. I'm trying not to make it worse by telling her how much I'm actually struggling. She already threatened to take me to a mental hospital once...