I'm ready to leave, but I feel stuck because of family.I've written out most of my issues about 3 times over prior to this. Every time I decided to get rid of the post before even posting. I made this throwaway and I'll actually post it this time. This will be long. 


A year and a half old dad put a bullet through his head and splattered his brains onto the wall. Mom was in the other room with me and pregnant with my brother. She saw his remnants and hasn't been the same since. 2 years later she has a breakdown. I watch her cut her stomach open and run into the woods. She survives but she's forever different. Anti psychotics plague my family. 2nd grade she goes back into the hospital and I have the breakdown. Live with my grandparents and my brother for about a year. She gets out and is "better". 3rd grade I'm diagnosed with MDD. Fast forward to 8 year old me going on a vacation for summer. My moms parents get into a violent car accident. Survive but barely. This was around the time we were getting ready to go to the beach. Mom doesn't want to go but I insist we should still. We are there for about 4 days and I see the deteriorating person I call my mom. On Wed (left Saturday was going to stay till the next Saturday.) mom breaks down after I'm reprimanded by a police officer for cussing out a bunch of pool attendees. We leave the hotel and she's gone mentally. We drive around 8 hours from home not knowing where we are going at about 2 am. Pull up to a house and mom starts trying to break into it with a golf club. I run out into the road trying to wave a car down but they don't stop and drive right past me. Mom hears angels and demons talking to her. We leave the house and continue. Stop by a church she gets out and prays. Gets back in and we continue. I'm with my brother and a friend who won't shut the fuck up. At about 6 we end up outside an apartment complex. I manage to find an elderly couple and they allow me to use their phone. I call my mothers parents (dads parents don't give a fuck about us so when I say grandparents it's my mothers) they help me guide my mom to a motel and we stay there. My grandparents fresh out of a car accident drive 10 hours to come get us and somehow we managed to survive. I'm later diagnosed with PTSD. Fast forward to today. 

Mom had another episode after 8 years of being fine when I left home for college. Prior to me leaving I absolutely destroyed my room. Horrible anger issues. They are brought on by great amounts of stress. I feel I am the sole blame for her mental breakdown. And now recovery has taken well over a year. I don't think she will ever be the same and I feel responsible for destroying the last mental stability my mother had. And the last parent I have is now gone. I'm 19 and ready to die. Beyond anything I want to just die already. Everyday I wake up and remember how she used to be when I was 12-15 and she was an angel. I just wish I could take all my mistakes back. But now I can't and I've lost my only parent. I'm ready to go and don't think I can keep on. 