I am afraid of this life lesson because do not want to take it yet I always fail at it - looking for advice on my "self imrpovement and character"-Detailed speciffic case please read before answering- How can a small woman make people not mess with her without being mean and loud?-Warning-long textSpeciffic case- Feeling suicidal to the max at the moment and had two panic attacks.

Short progolgue/rant/explanation before going into the problem: It is not my first time writting here but I will try to be short as possible since I had a really bad and am not in the mood for writting. Just to let you know that I am a woman and to give you perspective since most advices here are by men for men and it is very easy to throw around some words when it is all men. Like men have it easier because if they go to the fitness and make big muscles, half of my problems that I have as a woman will be eradicated but I as a woman can't go out there looking like a tall manly monster while men can go away with it. 

I am aware this question must have been asked a lot in the past but what I see is only advice for men, like to "man up" and to certain things but I do not have money or resources to do most of them so if you are a man and give me advice give it with a grain salt, knowing that I do not live in America, but in Europe, I am a woman so I can't "grow balls" or "beat up everyone I want to for fun" or "walk around freely with a knife or a gun" like it was suggested in some other thread I saw 

P.S. I am not in high school and it is quite offensive to think I am, so now. I am an adult. Thank you.

The problem: My life experience has shown me that it is foolish to expect everyone to be your friend and to be nice to you just because you are nice. but the solution really annoys me and scares me because I know what happens when I put it to work, everyone avoids me and calls me a bitch, yet it somehow works for everyone else. Many girls I know, the most popular girls usually were really mean, so were the boys. So my nice \*\*\* ever tries to be mean or fight back when harassed and it becomes a really big problem, either the harasser laughs at me and continues to harass me or people just avoid me because they think I am confrontational and problematic, which I am not, I do not like conflicts but staying on my \*\*\* and never calling out people who used to bully me for years has proven to not be effective. They just continue to harass me no matter if I ignore them or call them out on their behavior

My goal is to understand this whole power play dynamic and why it takes place. Does my type of personality attract bullying? I remember having problems with it all of my life. Let me explain why I had this short prologue in the beginning. The stereotypical american online does not care much about the outside world. The laws of my country are very, very different from America, yet I have had people shame me for my problems or give me horrible advice in general or both. No, life is not an action movie and I am not the karate kid, No I am not a \*insert slur\* because I can't beat up a gang of guys on steroids, No where I live it is not okay to take a knife and stab my classmates( This advice was given to me by an american high school teacher, so good job!!!) I always have to explain to my self because most people on here give bad advice but some give brilliant and great advice that works for me. I am not saying all users are like those I gave example of and I have blocked and reported these people. I can write all day long about my encounters with weird people from reddit and quora but the point is for me to get  a good advice and not whine to all of you about each detail of my life. Some males on here can't imagine the female perspective and give really terrible advices and some males on here give really good universal advices that work for me.

I am deeply flawed so I have read books on self improvement and I would dare to say that I have made small self improvement which is better than none

I had a panic attack today and yesterday, was trembling and crying and felt like I was holding a really heavy box that I couldn't let go of. After crying for an hour and a half I seemed to calm down but felt better. I mentioned in my last post that I do not know any reasons why I am alive, I do not speak about my \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* thoughts antymore because one "apperently christian" classmate made fun of me after I kinda shared this to her on a school trip

(I have been heavily bullied in middle and high school and have a hard time making friends)

I now have ptsd, am full of shame, guilt, grief and struggle to find any reason to live. I feel ugly and broken beyond repair and am ashamed to go to another psychologist. I feel dirtied and r\*\*\*d and do not want to marry one of those people with the male genitalia or have children yet those who bullied me probably do not remember me and will have children while I will die alone. I just want this to end but now my parents watch me because I self hurt and stopped washing when I was 16 and felt the most suicidal during 10th grade. I still get "waves" of desire for suicide but I find it hard to find my purpose.

I try to eradicate my onw flaws - people pleasing, needyness, clingyness, desparation(Out of need for survival, I was desperate for friends yet did not know how to make them so here it is like unwritten rule that if you are alone you will be bullied and I am very vulnerable to bullying and can't deal with it which is why I was an easy target, i couldn't defend my self and no one took me seriously and if i ever defend my self people either laughed or threatened to beat me up. I also used to be overhappy which for some weird reason unnerved people. I am not autistic or on the spectrum but I have adhd, and sometimes my anxiety and adhd, create social problems but I have never been good. 

Half of the things I read about body language and communication skills baffle me and they seem genuienely stupid (like I avoid eye contact cause to me it seemed perverted yet the dumb males think it is submissive and take it as a que to harass me, great job. ) I am tired of this world and do not know what to mold my self into anymore to survive. I am ashamed of the fact that I have trauma and have to deal with it. I have had strangers bully me and laugh at me and even old men flirting with me which made me isolate my self even more. 

Important:

I FEEL LIKE I HAVE TO BE A B TO EVERYONE IN ORDER TO PROTECT MY SELF AND SURVIVE AND SHOW THE DUMB MALE GENDER THAT I AM NOT WEAK AND I AM NOT UGLY AND I DO NOT WANT OR DESERVE TO BE HARASSED AND BULLIED. If I am nice they harass me, if I am mean, they harass me. Like what is the point, they will go to the heartless pretty b anyway, so I stand no chance and do not want my life purpose to revolve around the others and expecting of them to be nice to me. I do not feel like I am safe around men, I feel like they would beat me up, and I see women as a competetion due to the hostile bullying in my past. I know guys are dumb enough to fall for literally the meanest girls when I was in school so I will no longer waste my time on them and just try to not \*\*\* my self and focus on me. I try to develop my hobbies but my mind is plauging me and I feel the need to \*\*\* my self, by either taking overdose with pills or my father's pistol and just shooting towards my heart so I would not miss. Phrases like - OOOh not all men are bad, scare me because it is a risk and 8/10 times guys are horrible so it is not wroth it. I do not want to date, marry, or have children. I want to give up on men and realize this mindset is toxic but do not feel physically safe around those with the d\*cks