I just need to vent, I don't want to live anymoreWarning: I'm about to spill my heart out writing, might be long.

All my life I have been living sub-par, I guess you could say. I've never bothered to try my hardest, to be the best, and subsequently I have not been. I've never tried too hard in school and managed to keep good grades, up until this year, my sophomore year in high school. I've never reached my full potential and this saddens me. I've ALWAYS been afraid of sharing my emotions with others. I have never been myself. I've always followed other examples and have never truly tried to be myself. Now its really starting to hit me hard. I was always the class-clown, the outgoing kid who didn't care of your opinion of him and always had a good time. Now, I'm the quiet kid who is only happy when he smokes a couple joints. I don't know what I have become, because I have never been me. I broke up with my girlfriend of 9 months because of a bet with a friend, over a soccer game. That was the biggest regret of my life. I try so hard to be accepted. I see what other people have done, and lived for and can not reflect on my own life and remember one moment, one instance, where I was 'successful' or on top. I haven't even been in shape for 3 years or so. I don't think I have any true friends either anymore. I have to call them to hang out, to make plans. The only time my phone goes off is when my dealer is good. My mom is worried for me, as my grades are slipping and my depression is becoming more evident. My whole life I've dedicated to fitting in, but I guess as you grow older you see the light, but it's hard to break old habits. The saddest part, is that I don't even know who I am, what I like, who I admire, because I've always followed the crowd. Sometimes I feel as though I could die and someone would only notice when my professor calls my name during roll call. I don't have any motivation to do homework and have a C average. It's crazy to think that I will have a future. If my motivation to talk to new people now is gone, it sure as hell won't come back. I can't even stand up for myself. I'm sure people know I'm weak. I escape reality when I can with different drugs, usually weed. What bothers me the most is that I can't pinpoint why I feel the need to escape. Is it my father who lives halfway across the world and won't give me the time of day? The same father who would call me and tell me to get ready, and that he was going to come pick me up, and would never show. Maybe, it's my step-father who would use force as a disciplinary tool. Compared to others, I haven't even had a rough life.  I guess this also proves I'm weak. I can't believe I don't even know who I am. I'm too scared to ask for help, that's for sure. I've always been a fan of easy escapes. My mother must feel the real, hard pain. To see a perfect reflection of my father every time she looks into my eyes. The same pathological liar, and thief. My father used to steal my Grandmother's gold from her jewelry box. Now I'm stealing things I can sell for weed. I guess that is me, my personality. To the world I have been more of an annoyance, than a joy. What's my motivation supposed to be anyways? Get good grades, work hard, and maybe one day I'll have the courage to talk to someone new. Fuck that. The world has never done me any justice, so why should I do it any. I'm not a person, I'm a shadow.

