Cold, lonely and unfortunately sober. Who cares. I will not be defeated!So I thought for some reason when I decided not to jump and drove home that somehow life would be different. Like when I entered the state lines, everyone would suddenly remember how awesome I am and I'd be working out regularly by now. 

Oh, guess what? It still sucks. Everything is still a mess, everything reminds me of my abusive ex, I'm in withdrawal, haven't left the house (which is oddly cold, I don't know why), and I can't drink. 

No one's inviting me out suddenly. Personal representatives from IKEA have not shown up to organize the dumpster that is my room. I'm still sleeping on a mattress in the house of my friend who has no clue what's going on, but knows enough not to invite me out with him because I'm wacked out of my skull right now.

But fuck it. I'm safe. I've been living with a death sentence over my head for weeks. There is nothing having been on your own personal death row. Stuck in a hotel room, drunk, so alone.. so fucking alone, rehearsing over and over jumping, imagining what it will be like, wishing it could be more peaceful. I didn't want to die, just wanted life to be a tiny bit easier. Just not be tormented and so ashamed of myself. 

I don't know if it's going to get better, ya know? Life has not been so kind and I have no idea how people do basic things. But if I'm going to die, why not just take some risks?

I know exercise helps. I know friends help. Getting out of oneself. I know drinking does not help. I didn't have any alcohol today, so I might be in a little withdrawal. So effin lonely, but not feeling like I'm going to die soon is something. 

I fucking hate resolutions, but one thing is that I just want to keep trying and not let people get me down. Andrew Solomon called depression "a disease of loneliness," so unfortunately I'm going to have to leave my cave at some point and face them: judgmental, duplicitous, manipulative, shallow, materialistic humans. I will have to tease a few people who aren't total shits out of this morass. 

I do know that self-esteem is key. I'll have to start small. Just staying sober and exercising will probably be a good start. 

I hope I can read my journal from the past few weeks and feel empathy for that person and not want to kill her. Just know that she's been through the ringer and deserves better care. 