I'm done now.
Yeah. I'm weak. I did it. I actually did it. Fuck. Like. Fuck me. Holy shit at my life. I was always told from a young age how smart, nice, cute and funny I am. I always thought that they just always say that just cause. Well I see now it's true. I'm failing one 
of my classes at one of the easiest schools. Being nice doesn't exactly get friends I see now. And if I was "cute" maybe that's help me get friends but nope. And funny well, obviously my jokes make everyone hate me and not believe me. I thought my "friends" could believe me in what I tell them but okay. If even my closest friends won't believe me then I don't know what to think about my life anymore. I'm done with this world and everyone in it. Maybe if one person could've believed in me. Maybe if one person could've invited me over. Maybe if I wasn't grilled to the fucking bone each time I did one little thing wrong. It's okay if anyone else does stupid shit. But nope. Whenever I do one minuscule thing, everyone has to come over to me and overreact about it. Like holy fucking shit. Can you at least try to believe me? Maybe someone will finally believe me when I fucking leave. I would never, ever fucking lie to you. I thought you'd know that by now but whatever. Just throw away our little friendship. That's just girls though. I don't have any guy friends. And if I do they don't give a shit whether I live or die. I never cared if I was the most popular or not. Whether someone knew my name or not. I don't care about that at all. I don't care about going to all the parties and getting high and drunk all the time. It's stupid. Really fucking stupid. I just wanted to have a friend. Someone to watch movies with. Someone to play video games with. Someone to throw the fucking ball around with. And to anyone that fucking knows me knows I'd never say that. I wouldn't be caught dead going outside on my own. But if some guy gave me a chance, that would be nice. It's horrible that in the world, it takes someone to kill themselves to be noticed. Maybe now someone care. Hopefully now people will be more nice and invite people that were left out over. I don't want anyone to act like they were my friends. Everyone from my fucking middle school doesn't mean shit to me. They never liked me or tried to do shit with me. So I don't want them standing up and acting like they had shit to do with me. I'm not gonna name any names but they know who they are. It made me feel like if have friends. Someone that cared finally. Some people will act like they cared after I die. Some people might actually care. I don't know. I love everyone. And care about them all. Yes, even the guy that called me a pussy in 6th grade. Yes, even you to the guy who never invited me to anything, and did almost everything but outright say that they hated me. My tipping point was when no one would believe me. And now, still no one would probably believe me. I've been thinking about this for 4 months or so now. I kept trying. I really wanted to get better. But there is no point any more. If I can't be happy, what's the point anymore? Why am I even here? And to you, who told someone who they shouldn't have. Really? Are you fucking kidding me? I trusted you. I really did. Through those late night talks on the phone over the summer, hanging out during the day, everything. I was so happy to be with you. But I see now once I do one thing you flip out on me. Honestly. Give me a chance. It's your fault and the people that don't believe me. I still love you all. So much. And it hurt that the ones I love most don't believe me. And if people hate me after this, I don't care, they always have and always will. No matter what happens. And to the people who spread rumors about me, I'm sorry if I come off like a fucking creep. I'm sorry if I look like a fucking weirdo to you. Maybe give that creep a chance some other time. He could be a real nice guy. I want this shown to everyone. I want the whole fucking world to give a shit. I don't care if I come off as some egotistical and selfish piece of shit. I'm not being selfish. Everyone else is being selfish in trying to keep me going through the pain. And always be there for others. Always. That's what I've been, a man for others. From the small time I've been at Jesuit, they've taught me to be that. And that's what I've always been. I've always been there for everyone. Always. No matter what. But no one is there for me. I always ask. Always. But I get it, you rather be with that fuckboy. You rather be with your other friends that aren't suicidal. I tried the past few weekends and months to do stuff. But I'm denied. Always. And I get that I'm some freak, but at least say yes one time. Maybe if you said yes that one time it wouldn't be like this anymore. I wouldn't be gone. My family would be fine without me. All I'm doing is wasting their money on that something thousand dollar school and stupid supplies on stuff that won't matter anymore. All I've done is waste everyone's time and money. I'm not going anywhere. The only place I'm going is hell. That's obviously where I belong if I have no place in this world. YOU SHOULD HAVE SAID YES. YOU SHOULDVE HUNG OUT WITH ME. YOU SHOULDVE TRIED TO DO SHIT WITH ME. But whatever, that kid lives near you. Don't give me that bullshit. If you cared even a little you'd ask about me. Or seen if I was even hanging out with you guys after those games. Whatever. I don't care anymore. I gave you that chance to try and fix me or whatever. You'll probably go hang out with those people this weekend too and act like I don't exist. After a week no one will care. No one will remember the little loser that killed himself over having no friends. And to whoever finds me, fucking let people read this. I want the world to know why I went. I want people to care. I want people to care for others. Cause that's all I've done my whole life. I never tried to help myself. All I did was help everyone else. It's not my parents fault. It's not at all. I want that to be known right now. They did everything in their power to help me. They really did. I'm giving up now. 
It's not their fucking fault. I don't want anyone to go after them and say how it is. Because they should know, from me, that it wasn't their fault. It is everyone else's fault.