It’s been 8 years with panic disorder and extreme depression. I can’t enjoy a single thing. After a few attempts, this will be my last.I feel, and I have felt too aware of things. I have a great family. I have a few great friends. I’ve seen a psychologist and psychiatrist for the last six years. I’m going to quit my job. I’m going to turn my back to those who have attempted to help. I’m going to risk trying to find pain killers or even something stronger. I want to feel a high, and put a bullet in my head. At this very moment I’m crying. I’m organizing my things. I’m writing my goodbye notes...again. I want to go back to where I came from. The place I was before I was born.

This isn’t random. It isn’t spontaneous. It’s been 7 years of sleepless nights, unending panic, terrible physical pain. The worst part about it is that through this entire time I have tried to remain hopeful. Hopeful that I can find peace. Whether through not giving a shit, whether though spending more time with my family, even having my best friend Save me the last time I tried this. 

It’s a state of mind. And I have come to this conclusion through yeArs and years of dread and pain. Even when good things happen I dwell on when or how the next bad thing will happen. I’m not a kid anymore, I’ve lived long enough to make my impact. And I hope that the people close to me u derstand I tried. I tried for 7 years. And in that time the pain I’ve felt is unprecedented. 

I don’t even know why I found this sub or why I’m ever writing this. Maybe someone will find it and gain some clarity. For those of you who are struggling I do suggest going to a psychologist. It WILL help you process information better. Unfortunately for me I’m done with that song and dance. If for any reason someone I know reads this, please know I tried. I tried for much longer than I ever thought I could. 

Money, fame, power, girls etc. it all falls desperately short of equaling happiness. It’s simply a state of mind at the end of the day. And I can’t find it. I lost it when I was around 18. 

I think I’m going to leave my notes behind and take a drive somewhere. Find a nice place to view the world. To see what I’ll leave behind. And hopefully I can die in some form of comfort. 

I have always said this to myself... at the end, I may lose the war. But I have won plenty of battles since. I have seen life and what it has to offer. But it’s not for me. 

For what it’s worth. If I could do this all again,I think I would. And maybe the next go around I could save myself before all of it came crashing down. 

For the rest of us I leave behind. The ones who love life, the ones who can’t stand it. Just know that this past 7 years genuinely given me a new perspective on life. When you are ready to die you actually have no problem identifying the things that truly truly matter. A new perspective on what is important. Hopefully after I am gone my family and friend take initiative to help struggling people like me. Hopefully they realize that the most important thing a human can do... is help another human. After all of this I truly believe that is what all of of us are here for. 



