After a few days of heavy consideration, I've made up my mindFor once I'm doing the out-of-character thing and not acting impulsively. I've given this a lot of thought and have decided that it's the best overall choice. 

&amp;#x200B;

"Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem."

At 17, you have \*every\* right to tell me I haven't seen shit. And yeah, you're right. But I have seen how incredible life can be. I've felt how incredible it is to be loved by someone, and to love someone like you know you never will again. And. I. Fucked. It. Up. I know that there'll be others. I know there's a lot of fucking fish in the sea or whatever. And I don't care. I know that NOTHING will EVER be the same. Nobody will ever replace him. I tried many times, and now I know for sure that I'll never be able to get him back. Losing him was permanent. And nothing can ever make living life without him worth it. Someone said to me that it doesn't hurt that he's gone, it hurts that he was ever there in the first place. In a way, she's right. And I know I can never erase the memories and the experiences and I can never forget. Even in the course of time, I know I won't forget. It had too much of an impact on me. It broke me too much. I can't imagine a life after this. I can't imagine being able to live, knowing that everything that happened, happened. To go on, make new friends, love someone else, it doesn't seem possible. And I don't want to find out whether it is or not. The more I think about it, the more I'm coming to terms with the fact that this will have been my entire life, this will have been all I get out of it. This is where it ends, the end of the timeline. I'll never get old. Everyone else's lives will go on, and mine will just... stop. I used to be so scared of that. But the more I think about it, the more okay I am with it. 

They say that everything happens for a reason. But I don't see what the reason for everything that's happened, everyone I've lost, could have been, other than to break me completely. To end my life. 

So I will. 

Thank you to everyone who has offered their support. You're incredibly kind.