Failing to understand the purpose of life and employment.Hi. 27 year old that remains stuck living parents but chipping in, bounced between jobs and currently searching again, lots of little gaps in employment that are growing worse as I can't maintain a job for long. I am miserable whenever at these jobs or around people in any setting. I suppose I have social anxiety, but I feel like I hate the world and am at war with everyone. I reside in the heart of the Rust Belt, so the general sentiment here is you take ANY job or you're poor lazy garbage that won't get off your ass.

I feel there are 2 main 'traumatic' sources that have made me this mental disaster:

1) Following in my parent's footsteps.  Mom is where it's really depressing. A food job that is slave work. Usually 12 hour days, often 13 days of work in a row. Most days she comes home, eats dinner, then immediately falls asleep on the couch. My heart breaks for her, but what can I do? Dad is a peon laborer in the projects. Rather easy job, but hates it and constantly complains about the 'naggers' that he has to support, which gets infuriating, but I know he just does it to try feeling superior over the few people he wrongly feels 'better' than. Also, complains daily about how government jobs work... nepotism and people knowing each other advancing over his peon laborer job. Which I've also dealt with in my brief job history, so I know there's at least some truth to that, which is infuriating.

Unfortunately, I do not have a great relationship with the parents. We love each other and such, but communication is very hard on both ends.  Whenever it gets to jobs and bills, it gets silent quickly and with family/friends they'll add the 'she's a bum' 'professional student' jokes. I know they're ashamed of me, while I feel sorry for them. 

2) High school. Parents forced me to attend a catholic school. A lower end one in a near suburb, but still cost a pretty penny. Everything at this school was about money, and it wasn't just fellow students. City kids, which I was one, were treated as outcasts (unless you were really good at sports or made the school $$$). And I was at the bottom end of them. The hardest part for me: I never even spoke to many of the teachers I had, they would only mingle with certain students, who always happened to be the well off ones. One teacher even referred to city students as 'trash'. To this day, I despise everyone involved with this school's ways. As for friends, maybe a handful and hardly strong relationships. After senior summer, all of them were gone. And never had a boyfriend, still haven't to this day.

I feel like I got stuck after high school. I lacked social skills and never had the fun like I felt others had. Then I went to community college, took 3 years to get my associate's because I felt like I'd never get a good job anyway. Then tried for my bachelor's and quit after a semester because I'd never get a good job anyway. And then when I went in the work force, not only was a good job miles away, just finding little $10/hour jobs in my computer field is a massive challenge that I don't even want. The prospect of barely living above poverty in a miserable snow-buried dump while working a ton of hours around people that make me physically ill is daunting to say the least. I feel like worthless garbage that has no choice but be miserable and in pain.

I think the worst part is that my negativity towards people and my success since high school has always been proven correct. Humans, at least in America, are extremely materialistic, and you have little control over the career you'll lead. Life is impossible, unfulfilling, and I have no idea why I'm still alive. 

I bought a shotgun a few years ago, the option always remains. I feel like I should, but the fear of it going wrong is huge. There's only one chance, I have to get it right. I've spent far too many hours planning how to put the gun in my mouth at the correct angle to pierce my brain stem and hopefully die instantaneously.

Oh well. I hope this release ends up being therapeutic.