I've missed 71 days of school so far this year...I have type 1 diabetes, celiac disease, adhd, (undiagnosed) depression, (undiagnosed) social anxiety, and (undiagnosed) ocd...

I'm only 15 and i'm already obese (runs in the family, as does heart disease, diabetes, cancer, etc.)

My little brother has very very low functioning autism (he's 13 and can't talk.) All he does is scream. All day. Every day. I feel so bad for my mom (whom has to take care of him.. i worry that she's going to snap one day, nobody should have to do what she does...)

I have no motivation to do ANYTHING whatsoever.

I started driver's ed 3 weeks ago... I should probably be excited about it, but I had to postpone it this week because I've missed too many days. I'm really sad that i'm not excited about it.. it really should be a turning point in my life, but i couldn't muster the courage to actually fucking go.

I was homeschooled up until 9th grade. Ahead of my class the whole time. I made a video game when I was 12 that made 30000 USD (lost 95% of that to really bad decisions.) I got 1230 on my psat.

I started public school last September. I was doing fine for a few months (straight As, my classes are pretty easy.)
I, of course, never made any friends. I talked to a few people, but once we started to talk regularly I started avoiding them. I don't know why. I'm just afraid of them. They didn't bully me - I don't get bullied (if I did I couldn't take it, i'd have killed myself long ago.) Maybe I'm just a terrible person.

Around November I started having medical issues (blood sugar issues, ate some stuff I was allergic to accidentally.) I missed a week or two of school. I was so depressed that I took four more weeks off. I said that I was having complications from diabetes, celiac, etc (i lied, i was depressed.)

I eventually felt "better" (not much better, just not crippled) and went back to school for about a week. I took another week off because I was still pretty depressed and worn out (woohoo not having any friends.)

I've just been in this vicious cycle of going to school for a few days and then staying home because I feel depressed.

I told my parents I was depressed in February.

My dad took me to San Francisco on a work trip with him. (The whole time I was there I felt like I should be enjoying it more, which left me with an immense sadness.)

I still have 5 weeks left before my psychiatrist appointment (why the fuck do you have to wait so long? jfc) 

I haven't gone to school in four weeks. I've told my parents it's because i'm depressed. 
They just let me stay home and play video games (did I mention I feel uncomfortable doing anything BUT playing video games? it was all i did for the majority of my childhood due to being homeschooled.)

I started slamming my fists on my desk a lot a few months ago (I need some way to let out all this anger and frustration.) My mom hates it, so I recently started biting+scratching my hands (they're very bruised now... i don't want to show my arms to anybody. I know it's not cutting or anything but I don't want to explain it...)

I haven't really been able to do homework recently (I can't concentrate.) because I haven't been taking my adderall (it makes depression worse) 

I barely passed last semester, and I'm currently failing this one. I had to drop out of my honors classes (my teachers said I was very talented, but I needed to back down to regular classes until my medical problems stopped. really fucking messed with me.)

I'm too cowardly to kill myself, but I really want someone to shoot me or hit me with a car. I go through every day hoping that god will just kill me...

I don't know what to do anymore :(