Excerpt from writing today. I got fed up with my shit. I have posted here before but on an alternate account. I still have my dream of a friend. Sorry if it is hard to read. I have to post this somewhere.I am sitting on my computer right now writing a paper. But why should you care if I write this paper? If I pass or fail your class, it has no value to you. You might as well be using a dart board to decide my grade. You read 150 papers a week from kids in high school and college. Why would reading this paper even remotely begin to interest you? If I finish this paper or not, your life will continue, everyone’s lives will continue as regularly scheduled.  My father will get up in the morning, my boss will go to work, that suicidal girl living with her abusive mother will contemplate life and death today, children will play in the streets, and I will fail the assignment. I am a voice among billions, drowned out by the rabble of others each trying to get their voices to be heard. But maybe writing this will make an impact. You, reading this right now, will maybe see that I am more than just a grade. My life matters just as much as the next student. 

Except that makes all of our lives equally inconsequential, doesn’t it? Which leads me back to the point of why would you even care? Why should any of us actually care what happens? Maybe my need to be different and to be recognized outweighs what will happen with this paper, good grade or not. This is a point that we all reach where we just stop caring. Where the struggle is not worth it anymore and we give up. Nothing can be done. The deep chasm of despair swallows me up and even as I try to get back on topic in my mind, I feel as if my head is about to explode from so many thoughts. Part of me wonders what will happen with this paper, if you will give me a good grade based on such candidness of my inner self or maybe I will fail because of the stupidity of the ideas and the poor response to the prompt. I am just not sure that I care anymore or enough to actually finish. Its not that I don’t care about the class or that if I fail this, I won’t graduate. Life isn’t about those things. Life is about reaching out and touching other people. Because at the end of the day, I am one person in a billion.
	

The world has so many questions to answer. Am I real? Is this a figment of my imagination? There are so many feelings inside my head right now and in my heart. I feel them in my heart. My hands cant even type fast enough. The pain it almost feels like of having that girlfriend and then cheating on her, being found out, SO MUCH Pain. But it is immposible to express. Yet I will try. Its like your grandmother saying she doesn’t love you. Its like showing up for a date at a movie theater but only to find out that your friends were playing a joke on you. The pain that I feel is like the pain of some thing that only a person can feel. And t hat doesn’t even make any sense. Maybe I just need someone to relate to. I wish you could relate to me. If you could just come up to me and say “Yes, I understand. I know you want to kill yourself. I know life is tough. You work a job and go to school and you hate youtr life. No matter how much peiopkle whatn you to be a perons they love, you just cant be that person. They want you to be something you cfant be. And I have been there. It gets better. Life wont always suck. But for nowm, we can be friends. You and me. No one else can be my frined but you. We can talk and laugh and have inside jokes and just be friends.”

 I want someone. Just one person to stand up and say that. And now I feel foolish for writing this. Maybe I should kill myself. This world doesn’t even seem real to me. I could get in the car right now. And then I could drive to the Golden Gate Bridge. There is a janitor there. They say he has saved over 200 people from killing themselves. Maybe him and I could just be friends. We could sit in his small janitors closet and he would dress like a bum and I would dress normal and we could sit there and play chess together. Him and I would be best friends. Sometimes he would let me win and sometimes he would beat me. Of course he is better than me but that doesn’t mean we cant be friends. 

Then someday, I could buy a lighthouse and live in the top of it. No one would see me, no one would bother me. I could sit there all day and play video games. There would be food in the fridge and it would be snowing outside but I would be warm inside. Id ont know what I am saying. I am of course not turning this in. There is too much of me in it. Maybe ill post it on Reddit. Maybe someone there could be my firned. Or maybe I shouldn’t. I think I will save this. Its too much for my head to handle. 
