i feel like i won't ever be able to escape thishi, i'm a mess. i've always been a mess. really became a mess a long time ago when my mother literally abandoned us, came back for some reason for a bit, then left forever. absolutely no contact with my mother.

it's been like this with more people than my mother. most recently, my partner who i'm now suspecting is a narcissist, discarded me while in a horrible state of depression. this was a little over a month ago. i still feel horrible, and can't bring myself to go NC. even worse, i struggle with OCD.

OCD and narcissistic abuse DO NOT mix well.

i obsess about having been the narcissist myself, having caused all of this, and just being a horrible person. i obsess about people that i love hating me. i don't think much of anybody has ever loved or loves me now. i have a few friends, and the one that i talk to most deals with their own issues, and i don't want to add to theirs. my other friends are busy with their own stuff. they've helped me A LOT, but i don't feel good enough for them or anybody.

i guess i should also mention that my father, i think, has been going down a downward spiral ever since my mother left that i've been forced to endure. i don't feel much for my family, really. am i evil? am i a narcissist for it? i feel that they have hindered me so much, and i feel trapped here. each time i've brought up my mental health, it has been downplayed by my father, who is also too busy working. i don't feel connected to my father. he doesn't really know anything about me, and anytime i've tried to open up, he seems to dismiss me. i want to escape.

but i can't. i just know i'm going to fail this senior year. i'm 18. never had a job, don't have a car, don't have much in the way of social skills either. i feel like i creep people out. i'll be forced to stay here at home, never able to succeed in life and escape and go to college to pursue what i want to do. i don't even think i'd be good enough at it.

i feel like a piece of shit, a horrible person, someone that shouldn't be here. i feel like everybody will agree with me. i probably sound like an egotistical bag of shit. i can't even fully convey all that i feel here. i can't even kill myself because i don't have the means to, as far as i know. or maybe i'm just overreacting.

i'm sorry to everyone and everything