I don't get why life still wants me here?I really tried to make this short. Really, I did.

At 16, I attempted suicide. My reasons weren't great: I stopped growing at 5'7, parents were separated, I wasn't popular at the new high school I moved to, I struggled to act "black enough", struggled finding girlfriends. I made the mistake of letting a friend know, so before my awesome combination of pills could take effect and maybe or maybe not end me, cops came, got sent to a mental institution. Got out a week or two later by pretending I now loved life and was told several times "life gets better."

It's been 13 years. I'm about to turn 30. Life hasn't gotten better, but hasn't gotten much worse, I guess. My ultimate dream – a dream I've had since maybe 12 – was to be a writer, a published writer. I know self-publishing is a thing, but I wanted to be on a bookshelf one day. 2 failed novels and 200 rejections later, I'm still unpublished. I'm writing a third one, but I'm 97% it will fail, too, and I barely have any passion to finish it. Plus I feel like I'm running out of good story ideas.

Here's where the title comes in. 2 years ago, I got into a car accident and broke my neck. Instead of dying like I should've, I survived for whatever reason. I made a full recovery, but the other person (who wasn't as badly injured and t-boned me) is now trying to sue.

So, here I am, a failed writer with dying creativity, a man soon-to-be 30 with no accomplishments, a man being sued (which my insurance may try to settle instead of fight, much to my dismay). I also just got a ticket for running a red light while trying to get to a job I absolutely hate as an early birthday gift (it's my fault, I know.).

The car accident should've been the end of me. I'm tired and don't see a future anymore. I've sworn off ever having kids, my writing is just not working out no matter how much I read, write, and study the craft, and if I decide to quit writing, I have no reason to exist. Yet I keep failing at getting published. So why the hell hasn't my heart just stopped beating?

Thoughts of suicide have come and gone throughout the years, and here they are again. I want it, but not by mixing pills (unless I could somehow get my hands on cyanide pills). I'm also not brave enough to jump off a bridge or blow my head off. I really just wanna drive off somewhere faraway, stay locked inside my car, and starve to death (even though I've heard it could take weeks to really die with no food or water). When it was winter, I fantasized about diving in an ice-cold lake around midnight and freezing/drowning to death.

Life seems to keep me around because it's entertaining to watch me struggle and fail. But I can't seem to jump over that last hurdle of attempting suicide again. My 16 year old self could do it, and, amazingly, he had the right idea. Subconsciously, he probably knew my life wouldn't amount to anything. 