A failed attempt (I don't know if TW are needed here but this is definitely a TW for suicide)Sunday night I overdosed on 1000mg of diphenhydramine (aka benadryl or most sleep aids). I took 20 and just laid in bed and waited for something to happen when my boyfriend came upstairs to check on me and found me incoherent with dilated pupils and realized what I'd done. He made me tell him what I took but I was so confused that I told him I took 10 pills instead of 20 and I kept trying to talk to people who weren't there and I was having visual hallucinations. He dragged me to the bathroom and made me throw up but it was far too late to purge the pills. I could hardly walk and I blacked out and don't remember much. He never took me to the ER. That night was hellish. The next morning I still couldn't walk or talk correctly and my pupils were still huge so I stayed home from work and he took me to the ER. My mother and friend wanted me to tell the truth but my bf wanted me to lie just so I could get a note to excuse me from work. I made up a story about an accidental OD involving a cosmo, a klonopin and what I thought were two 25mg capsules of benadryl. I felt horrible for lying and when we got home I changed my mind and wanted to go back but his mother ripped him a new one for taking me to the ER for what we told her was just vomiting and stuff instead of going to urgent care. She said if I really wanted to go to the ER that badly, I should have made my mom drive an hour out here just to take me so he could study for his exams that are coming up. Now I know that if he tanks on his exams, it'll be my fault, at least in her eyes and I can't go back and tell them the truth even if I desperately needed to. Ironically enough, that makes me want to attempt again. His mother knows I have mental health problems and she seemed to know that I wasn't telling her the truth but in her eyes, her son graduating ASAP is more important than my health I guess. But hey, I'm still here so at least that bitch can't spit on my grave yet for ruining her son's life.