Not sure what will keep me going anymoreHi reddit. Sorry for the wall of text. Zero formatting energy tonight. I've been feeling incredibly hopeless lately - a lot of things have been getting to me and tonight they all kind of came to a head. A few months back, my best friend died in a car crash. I've become kind of numb since then. I shut myself off from everyone I knew. I finally started to feel better this past month; grew closer with an incredible friend who got me to talk about the accident and feel better for the first time in a while. We talked every day, on the phone for up to 10 hours. The friendship meant so much to me and helped me start to appreciate life a bit more. I felt really understood and alive. And I think I just lost it all.
This friend is male and I'm female - he'd been dropping what I thought were hints that maybe he was interested in more than just being friends - exclusively listening to my favorite songs, texting and calling me from the moment he woke up, falling asleep on the phone with me, calling me beautiful - I started to consider that maybe I could see myself falling for him as more than a friend. I let the feelings develop. Time went on, we got closer, and then he went MIA for two days. I was confused but didn't think too much of it. He comes back and explains how he has always had a crush on one of his childhood friends and in the time we weren't talking, they hooked up and he was beginning a relationship with her. I feel stupid for assuming he could have been interested in me, but the part that breaks my heart is that I know we won't have these conversations anymore when things get more serious with her. It was the last part of my life that I really valued, but I got too attached and now I don't think we'll be able to be the same as before. I really feel alone. I don't have anything to look forward to. I don't have a good job, I spend all my time playing video games, I hate the city I live in. I want to start over - I wish it had been me in the accident instead of my friend. I'm wasting my life and he deserved to live. I just kind of wanted to get out there how hopeless I feel, and how tonight it just kind of felt like there wasn't much keeping me around anymore. I feel so stupid for falling for someone who was probably just trying to be a good person - my only remaining friendship is now ruined and I just want it all to end. Thank you for listening to me, and I hope you all have better days. 