Even if it’ll never be good it’ll get better and maybe that’s enough?I (28F) tried to kill myself at 25 when I had a quarter life crisis. I’m very lucky because I’m surrounded by good people I love but I couldn’t help but feel like I was beneath all them or that no one ever loves me as much as I love them. 

I know objectively I have a good life even with prior trauma. It’s been very good and I’m grateful. But I’ve been battling depression for all my adult life and then some. I’m so very exhausted. 

I’ve been hospitalized, on medicine, in therapy with 3 different providers and I believe it’s all helped. I think the key is hope and wanting to get better. Misery loves itself. I tell myself to stop being willful and approach life and treatment with willingness to try things that may help even if they ultimately fail. I have gotten a lot better so you please hang in there. 

But life is still so so sooo very hard; I’m so sick of it. I want to be at peace for a sustainable amount of time like normal people; I’m not. 

I am so lucky in many social ways but I am a romantic failure. And if though I’ve gotten better and have a decent sense of self, it antagonizes me to my core. My boyfriend of 4 months (miracle I was even in a relationship) broke up with me yesterday. He’s a good man and I know inside I’ll be okay. But that and the uncertainty of graduate school which I’m applying to at the moment is killing me. I want to start a family more than I want to go back to school even if school and career goes well to me. 

I wish I were dead. I wish small things didn’t bother me. I wish I could accept things that I objectively know but don’t feel. Instead I want to die all the time. I want to stop wishing I were dead because on the inside I want to live a good, decent, peaceful life. But all I can think about, as better as things are, is wishing I would just drop dead. It just occurred to me maybe this is as good as it’ll get and it’s a lot better than attempting (I’m not attempting but just wish I were dead). I’ve come a long way and I have seconds of enjoying things like friends and movies. Maybe this is it; maybe I’ll always be plagued by desire to die but at least I’m a lot better even if not at “good” and maybe that’s enough. 

Let’s hang in here and fight for our right to peace even if every second we hope for death. Let’s not try to die, let’s spend every second trying and maybe enjoying the few things one can enjoy and love like a pet or crepes. Hold on to that while wishing for death and keep moving toward good be what may.