titlenormally my pr0n account but people IRL know my main handle so yeah. dunno if this is the place for it though.
ever since middle school i've know something's wrong with me. i try to stay upbeat or appear upbeat but when that breaks or i hit a hard spot i fall pretty hard. i'll end up just sitting there for hours, either doing nothing or crying or some shit. continuing through high school and it's just getting worse. academic pressure is massive here- my parents are immigrants and fought their way up to their current positions. they expect me to excel and i understand that and their reasons. problem is, everything here is a competition. i would bet 80% or more of my school is Asian if that says anything. everyone is trying to outperform each other and it's fucking stressful. and my mindset is to do the same. but i cant- i just can't focus, stick to my goals, i procrastinate etc. since 6th grade i've contemplated suicide several times. the only thing holding me back is my family and the guilt. i've already done a bunch of dumb shit and killing myself would add to the list. i'd be leaving my younger sister behind, my parents, my family. i just can't put them through that. and i fear that when it gets to the point where that doesn't stop me then it's too late. (sorry even I don't know what i'm trying to say... shit)
I don't know. I'm super stressed and not sure if i'm depressed. pretty shaken too, two weeks or so ago  someone I knew killed themselves and this week a close friend since elementary school told me he had depression. 

i'm just not sure what to do, the help lines help relieve stress and me being depressed for about five minutes before i snap out of that feel good state. they try their best but it always feels distant and robotic to me. can't even talk to my friends because they'll either think i'm bullshitting for attention or report me to the school, the counseling from the school will completely fuck over my grades even more on top of the dozen other activities i have to do every week. 

I'm not sure what to do. thanks to anyone who read through this jumble. i completely forgot my original point if i had one, but still contemplating killing myself but hopefully the guilt holds me back a little longer. 

sorry if this isn't quite the theme of the sub but i can't think of anywhere else to get this off my chest.