life is meaningless and everything i expected it to be is a pipe dream. Will it ever change?Since i was 12 i have been suicidal on and off. for various reasons. typically back then it was for very temporary reasons such as bad home life etc so i always told myself to stick it out, wait and see what life has to offer.. i almost committed suicide on December 31, 2013. that was my last attempt. i was 14 at the time. then, a few hours before i executed my diabolical plan, someone reached out to me and showed me actual human compassion and i decided if i wanted to kill myself i would have to wait until December 31, 2014 to do so. Turns out, 2014 was the best year of my pathetic life. The teenage experience was very intense and passionate for me. I had this revelation that if i would have killed myself that night, i would have never experienced those amazing times. But now that i’m past all that, that intense passion for life has left me at least 2 years ago, never to return. I feel like now i see life for what it really is. It’s a black hole of emptiness poverty and responsibility. Everyone around me is pushing me to do something with my life and for what? i don’t see a point in any of it. i have no drive or passion for literally anything. I don’t have hobbies. I don’t want to “spend the rest of my life” doing anything. I just want to enjoy life, that is my goal. And all i see in my future is working paycheck to paycheck. giving money hand over fist for necessities. never actually being able to get to the top of the food chain because i wasn’t born into any of it. i’m a woman. i don’t know shit about shit. i have no talents. I’m pretty but that isn’t going to take me anywhere, and that’s temporary! i’m pretty sure i’ve already found the guy i’m supposed to marry and it isn’t romantic or thoughtful or anything like i have always dreamed of. yes i love him but i don’t think he makes life worth it. nothing personal, i don’t think friends make life worth it either. i don’t think anything or anyone makes life worth it. you can’t trust anyone, nobody really truly cares about you or thinks about you when you’re not around. we are all just fumbling around being fake versions of ourselves trying to make a living and impress other people so we can push ourselves up. and i hate that cycle. i don’t want any of it. i hate the quality of life i was born into. America is supposed to be the land of opportunities but i just see a huge obstacle course sitting in front of me waiting to be ran through and here i am at 20 with people telling me to run towards it but it just seems like more trouble than it’s worth. I didn’t choose to live this life, it was given to me anyways and now i have to work until i die to never really be successful. There’s really no point to it that i can see. I’m too poor to “travel or find something i’m passionate about” it just seems like one big pipe dream to me. is this normal for 20 year olds? i thought my 20s was supposed to be the best years of my life, i did everything my mother told me to do. finished school and didn’t get knocked up, but here i am 100% disappointed and let down with what i hyped myself up to think life would be like. this shit really sucks man. i cry all the time. i feel so fucking alone in the world and it’s getting to the point where it hurts to even think about how alone i really am. i’m naturally really thoughtful and enthusiastic but this world just crushed that shit out of me honestly and now i’m just here existing and it sucks. meds make me a zombie and weed makes me anxious about everything, i don’t find joy in things i used to love. i don’t want to have to do this i really don’t. i want to live and enjoy life but i feel like i’m doing the opposite and yeah people would be upset if i died but maybe they should have showed me a little more of that when i was alive. i’ve been feeling like this for way too long. it fucking sucks.