I don't know know how much I am allowed to post, or even if I actually should. But here is my story...     My name is Logan. My 'story' first begins when I was born, I know what a twist. My mother is Bi Polar and has resented me since my birth. She tried many times to have a little girl, but had 3  miscarriages and was told she could never have a child. A month later my parents found out about me. The little girl they both always wanted. They bought dresses, painted a bedroom pink, told family they were FINALLY having a little daughter. One problem however, I'm a boy. 

Now the reason I said all that is because told this story to almost anyone they could find. 'The daughter they thought they finally had was a lie'. My name quite literally was come up with on the spot, my father watched an old wolverine movie in the lobby. That is how I got my name. I hate it. 

After I was released home it wasn't long until I was brought back to the ER. My mother, in a fit of rage, beat me bloody. My father found out about this and took me to the hospital after work. The reason I know this is recently at a family dinner, my older brother (they adopted a cousin when told they could never have a child) mentioned it while talking about my mother (who died of a heart attack and electrocution 4 months ago) and my dad went pale face and tried to change the topic. I later heard them in private where my father was yelling at my older brother about "bringing up something better left forgotten".

Moving on. My little brother was born a few years later, and for some reason was instantly my mother's favorite child. I spent most of my life until 12 doing whatever chore was assigned, what my little brother wanted, and keeping my mouth shut. I often ran into problems because my brother inhereted my mother's temper. If I disagreed with anything he said I would be hit in the head with whatever heavy metal object he could find, or choked out while he laughed at me. I was never allowed to fight back or I would be beaten for possible hurting him (they had a special leather belt with metal medium metal holes they would use on me) and if I tried to tell on him, I was told by both parents to stop being a bitch and suck it up. 

At first, my father tried defending me. Standing up to my mother when she went off, or just telling her to calm down. But that soon stopped. He decided I was not worth it and took me to the side, looked me in the eyes, and told me I was the cause of his problems in life, and in their marriage. It they got divorced, it is my fault. That was the first night I was suicidal. I curled up on my bed quietly sobbing trying to figure out how to use my belt to hang myself. My little brother stood on his bed during this (we had bunk beds at the time) telling me to do it and he was tired of my bothering everyone. Eventially I gave up since I couldn't figure it out, seeing I was still a young child. The next morning we got up as if nothing happened.

The next years of my life were the worst. So much so I actually blocked them out without realizing. I finally remembered when in the middle of talking to my best friend, and hysterically sobbing alone in a room with him trying to comfort me. From around the ages 7-9 I was raped multiple times a week...

It started of with something small. He said he wanted to play truth or dare. Being a kid I was excited to finally have someone to play with. We had a normal game until I was asked, "let me see your worm" (worm being what my parents called a penis and made me call as a child). I thought it was weird, but wanted to keep playing so I did it. Then it started escalating. It developed into worse things rapidly from there, from forcing me to 'service' him to having me sit and watch him masturbate to a lesbian scat porn video, and worse. As I type this I still have the taste and smell engrained in my head. So much so that I get sick whenever I hear too indepth sex talk or think about participating too much. (I can still watch porn however. I have no fucking clue why.) The worst part about this for me? I can't prove it. This person still is out there and I CANNOT FUCKING PROVE THAT ANYTHING HAPPENED. All I have is my word, and that doesn't matter...

Outside of that my father started to get worse. He constantly degraded me. "You are fat, you are stupid, you aren't as good at blank as your brother, you suck, you're a bitch, etc." He also developed a 'game' called "you know why", he saw a movie where a woman punched a guy in the crotch amd screamed "you know why". So, he started doing that. When I least expected it, he would slam his fist into my crotch with enough force to make me fall and laugh as I cried, he even got my brothers to start doing the same. He was the worse though. He liked to whisper to me "its coming" over a period of days. Getting to the point where I almost begged him to do it, just so I wouldn't have to deal with his taunting. He would wait for me to let my gaurd down and strike. This was his favorite way to do this.

We ended up moving in my 9th grade year because "the neighborhood was bad". But honestly? It was because CPS. Child Protective Services was called on my family 3 TIMES because of people who saw how they acted towards me. With the most recent being 2 months before the move. 

9th grade through the end of 10th was horrible for me. I was terrified to talk to anyone. I sat alone in the cafeteria reading character lores for League of Legends, which was both my only escape from life and my only social interaction. When I tried to befreind someone and it started to go well, it turned out he was both a dealer and a druggie and attacked me, causing him to be sent away. 

From my childhood and still to this day, I can't truly see others as people. As horrible as that sounds. I am numb to life, having fully accepted my life is a SitCom where things pretend to go right for me, only to then hit me with something worse than before. I have no motivation to do ANYTHING. Since I was young, I have lived from one meal to the next. Meals where how I judged time, they were something that always happened at a set time due to my mother controlling when the family ate and getting furious when we ate late. I struggle to find a reason to get up in the mornings, even if I find something I 'enjoy' I have no motivation to do it. Even if it is a dream of mine, I can't bring myself to do anything for it. I hate the idea of saying I have depression or anything because I don't want to self diagnose something that people who are dealing with worse, have. I can't go to a therapist because my dad would find out...

I would 100% be dead now if it wasn't for my friend I had a breakdown in front of. He has done his best to help me through everything and come to terms with my life. If not for him I would have killed myself as soon as I graduated highschool. It is now less than 3 months after and I still have the constant urge to just give up. But I won't. Because I don't want to upset him. I talk to him for everything, and I am probably a bother even though he swear ls otherwise, because he has his own serious problems. He means literally everything to me, and I won't ever be able get him to fully comprehend how much. He is the only thing I have going for me in life and I am terrified to lose him. And at the same time I feel guilty. He never asked for this. He never wanted to mean this much to me. I honestly don't deserve the support he has given me. I have done nothing to deserve it.

If you read all of this wall of text. Thank you. It means a lot for anyone to take time to listen to this. I didn't want to bother my friend with this low because he is stressed...