My current situationSo I guess I’ll start off by saying the girl I was seeing for the past almost 2 years told me she can’t see us being together anymore.  It all started about 3.5 months ago where we had a drunk fight because my phone died and she couldn’t find me (how stupid hey) and we kind of broke up but continued to see eachother.  Prior to this and for the next I’ll say 3 months after the ‘break up’, I constantly told myself ‘I don’t want her, I’m not in love with her anymore,’ but I was lying to myself because I couldn’t bare to be not with her and having her around made me so happy.  But I kept telling her things like I was using her and i didn’t know what I wanted, but everytime I went to fully cut her out I just couldn’t, I couldn’t bare to lose her.  In the last few weeks tho I slowly started to accept the fact I was lying to myself and I did infact want her in my life and I loved her so so much.  I even planned to have a really special like ‘lunch/dinner’ with  her where I was going to tell her the how I felt and apologize for how I had been.  And for about up until last week she felt the same way until she found out i briefly used a dating app, which I hated every moment of having and deleted my account prior to her finding out about, but her friends saw and showed her and On top of the fact I was pushing her away a switch  went off in her head and now she says she doesn’t want me.  Despite this tho I’ve seen her 4 times in the past week where we’ve kissed multiple times, we’ve held eachother,  cuddled  and I even came to her work because she hinted she wanted me too (she said she was suprised and happy to see me).  Last night when we saw eachother it was genuinely like it had always been, we had sex and I felt so fucking in love with her.  On top of that we spent the whole night laughing and mucking around  like we always did and it felt normal and like she wanted to be there.  When we see each other things are great and I can feel how much she enjoys being around me but she goes home and has a defense mechanism where she dwells on negatives to protect herself from being hurt.  Like I’m trying so hard to not force her to feel things but in the past when she got like this it was impossible for her to see any other perspective unless I showed her it myself.  I can literally see the conflict in her but she is just avoiding it, probably because I come across as forcing her to see it, and idk what to do.  I just want her back and it’s killing me

And that leads me to where I am rn.  I’ve tried to talk to my friends about how I feel like I’m drowning and I can’t sleep and I just constantly break down multiple times a day.  It’s gotten to the point where I hate myself so much I literally don’t even see the point in being alive.  I pushed away the person who has made me so unbelievably happy for the past 2 years and it’s like she can’t even remember all the good times because I spoilt them being a fool and treating her badly.  I’ve told her how I felt about myself and I wished I didn’t because I don’t want her to feel like I’m guilting her.  I just want her back so badly, I literally have never been as happy as I have been before this whole drama and I’m struggling to see the point in continuing to try.  I just need help on what to do, I want her back so badly but Im scared of getting upset and doing something irrational.  That being said tho I mainly just want her back.  I’m literally open to any advice and am desperate to try anything