I'm just here to let everyone down.I'd written half of what's below on my main (I mean, if I'm going to kill myself, why the fuck would I care what people found?). But I switched to this when I started imagining my ex-roommate (who knows my main) reading it. Maybe I'm just a waste of resources, then, since I can't even bring myself to kill myself.

I've thought about posting here for months, but I didn't think I was... worthy. I was just going to blame my constant fucking-up in life on depression or something.

I'm not sitting here with a knife next to me. I've thought about it for months, and I don't think I'm able to do it. One time I got back and thought about it, and then figured I should try cutting myself to see if I'm even able to do it, and I wasn't. You don't have to worry about me, really. I'm not on the edge where some message from a malicious troll is going to push me over.

Even I was, though, I wouldn't be worth saving. I'm pretty sure I'm a psychopath. I can't even bring myself to feel.

When I was four or five, I tried killing a mentally disabled girl. She'd broken my tricycle (my parents bought me a brand-new fucking bicycle, reddit, they'd even taken care of everything when the landlord inquired about his injured daughter) so I led her to a construction zone so she could hurt herself.

I got out of it scot-free and with a new fucking bike. Like the rest of my life, I didn't deserve any of that.

Life never gave me a lemon, but if it had I wouldn't have made lemonade. I haven't been able to make anything with what it gave me, either. I've been so lucky.

Two generations ago, my family was in poverty. They were refugees. The turned that completely around. Everyone before me had done my part. My dad is the first engineer in our family. He's worked hard. He was barely making any money when I was born- we were living hand-to-mouth, but he cut back to buy me toys. More toys than a kid like me should've gotten. We even went to McDonald's once a month so I could get those stupid Happy Meal toys.

It wasn't even close to cheap. I was born in a poor country, but I live in America now because my parents worked hard. They invested themselves in me- my dad has always been my role model, and my mom quit her job to raise and teach me. She's barely even gone back to it now.

They brought me to America, and I couldn't even make anything of that.

Have you ever played a competitive video game where you were just *bad*? Like, you read the manuals, you watched the top players, you thought out strategies- and they all just sucked. You just couldn't get any better no matter how hard you try.

That's life for me.

Upon coming to America, I couldn't make any friends. I still don't really have any. A few years later, I started calling those years the "Dark Ages" because I had no fucking idea what was going on and behaved like a complete idiot. Everyone hated me. The first people I mistook for friends were in fourth grade- Marco, Daniel, and Corey. Honestly, now that I look back at it, maybe they weren't the dicks. I was just the idiot. They tricked me into doing stupid things, made fun of me, and soon everyone in school (for some reason) thought I was gay. There were only three people in that area (I moved to a different state) I would've still considered friends. One of them died of cancer two months ago.

I didn't feel anything. He was the closest thing I had to a friend, the one person I'd looked forward to talking to during the Dark Ages (an ironic designation, I guess, because every few years I realize how big of an idiot I was a few years ago).

Everyone who doesn't deserve to die, dies, and here I am just unable to mourn or cry or anything. I lost three of my grandparents last year. I'd call them the nicest people in my life, but that would be wrong- everyone's just been too nice to me. When I visited them, they spent as much of their time with me as possible. They even took me to places I was going instead of talking to/being with them (they hadn't seen me in four years, and I treated them like that!). One of them made sure there was an English newspaper every day because he knew I wasn't as good as my mother tongue. No one else in the family used English as their primary language; some of them couldn't even read it, and they went out of their way to accommodate me. And then they died, and I wasn't even fucking sad about it. I didn't tell my friends about it; I didn't look for consolation.

I had a debate tournament that day, when the third one of them (my maternal grandpa, admittedly my favorite) died. I went there and competed. I got to quarterfinals and lost to the eventual champion. I was unfazed. I laughed more often than anything those days- I read joke cases instead of real ones.

Both my parents were in complete distress, and here I was fucking debating.

I never had authentic relationships with anyone. Until the end of high school, I was just this fucking academic. Cringeworthy but "smarter" than everyone else. I didn't know how to do anything else- I couldn't do sports, I didn't know how to get invited to parties, go to the movies together, really do anything everyone else seemed to be doing. My only life was at school and then in my room.

I was fucking good at it, too. Graduated from high school as valedictorian, 2400, and a 36. Even now, after freshman year of college, I'm done with half the credits for my engineering degree.

But that's all that I was good at- I couldn't do sports (tried track in 7th grade, never got to go to a meet, and the coach had gotten used to yelling my name in a way that made it sound like "Shit" because I was absolute shit at track), music (never got moved up to the top band, fucked up each audition), code, or have a social life. 

I just fucking sucked. And it showed- my senior year, after so many years of not knowing what the fuck I'd do if I didn't get into Harvard or Stanford and knowing it was coming, I got rejected. People had started rumors that I'd gotten in, and that only made it worse. I didn't deserve to get in, though- at first I blamed it on being a middle-class Asian male, but I just wasn't the kind of person who belongs at a school like that. I botched all my interviews. One of my interviewers had facebook-stalked me and found a hammer and sickle in an old cover image. I didn't want to tell her that I'd been reading Marx, and that was the cringeworthiest moment of my life.

Actually, I lied. Every day I tell myself that I've hit rock bottom, that there's nowhere to go but up. But every day I've been wrong.

I didn't get into Harvard or Stanford, but my parents are paying fucking **$40k** to let me go to the best school I got into instead of state school (for less than free! at worst $12k/yr). They don't make enough for me to not feel guilty about that, but they insist on it now even though I was the one who convinced them.

But even then I've fucked it all up. My grades have plummeted even though I tell myself that I'm happy and know that this is better for me than anything else.

Ctrl+A. I was about to delete all of this, but I've been about to post here for so many months... I've stopped crying as I type this, so maybe this might help me feel better.

Where was I? College? Yeah, I've just been doing it all wrong. For the first time in my life, I've lost the one thing I had. I feel *dumb*. I can't understand anything; my first semester of engineering felt like I was a Muggle sitting in on a class at Hogwarts. I don't even know how I'm getting the grades I'm getting; I should be failing everything.

But to be honest, it's my fault. I can't see myself as victim in any of this. I've been handed a silver platter and I've just been ruining it.

Until I turned 18, I was never nice to my parents. I always knew I owed them so much, but I never acted like it. Even now- they visited me last semester and I was just grumpy all day (lack of sleep because I'd tried to do too much the night before). I cried the day after they left because I'd just ruined everything for them after they'd done so much. I don't deserve to be their son.

Not today, not any day. Two days ago, I was woken up by my friends knocking at my door. THEY WALKED 30 FUCKING MINUTES TO MY HOUSE BECAUSE THEY WANTED TO CHECK IN ON ME AFTER MY PARENTS SEARCHED THROUGH MY CONTACT HISTORY TO FIND THEM. We went to get food together. It was basically an intervention.

And it was all because I hadn't called my parents in 3 days. My mom was crying on the phone, and I couldn't say anything because it was my fault. I'd just been callous. I thought they'd called me because they just wanted to talk to me. They'd been calling me to make sure I was safe. I didn't even think about that.

They asked me if they'd been bad parents, if they'd failed me. I tried telling them it was my fault and they wouldn't believe me, they were asking if I was fine and told me they were worried.

My friends took me out to dinner. At midnight. Even though they had a 30 minute walk back. They thought I had carbon monoxide poisoning and made sure to check the detector even though it took another 30 minutes and it was already 2 AM.

They gave a fuck about me. I didn't deserve my parents or my friends. I didn't deserve anything the world gave me for me, and I wish I could just give it back.

That dinner with them was the first time I'd eaten a meal in a week. I didn't realize it until then but I'd been starving myself for a week. I lie- I knew about it. MyFitnessPal, the one time I've used it, told me I wouldn't even meet the standards of /r/1200isplenty. But I kept going on even when I felt dizzy. I didn't want to waste money I didn't deserve on food.

Because really summer is zero-sum for me. I'm making just enough to cover living expenses, nothing more. Food is coming out of my parents' pocket. I'm just burdening them. 

It's even worse because I haven't gone to work this week. Monday I didn't wake up on time because I hadn't eaten and had a headache and my medication was drowsy. I haven't gone there for three days because I don't know how to explain to them that I'm just a fuck-up in life. No explanation given. I don't know where to even start- I have no excuse beyond "I don't deserve to work with y'all."

It got even worse, though, today. I was supposed to fly back home but I'd missed the bus once and shown up at the wrong stop (it's apparently changed) the second time and the driver told me to head down to the next one (he stopped to tell me this and then drove there, where no one was waiting, and kept going). It took me an hour to book an Uber, but I knew it was too late as soon as I'd walked out. I'd just done everything wrong. Normally I left 3-4 hours before I needed to get there, but today I just blew more money than I make in a week.

And it wasn't even my money. But my parents aren't mad. They keep asking me if everything's okay, if something's going on. I wish I could tell them that, but it's just been me fucking up as per usual.

I don't deserve any of this. I can't do shit write. Reading over this nonsense, I don't even think I wrote a proper /r/SuicideWatch post. I probably won't even be able to kill myself if I try, like everything else I'm just not good enough. There are people downstairs so I can't head to the kitchen and "borrow" a knife (I guess I'll never really return it if I do), so I guess I'm safe for now.

But I haven't really talked to people for so long. It's just been work ("Why the fuck does your code have this bug?" "Because I've lost the ability to enjoy programming or any of my other hobbies and just can't bring myself to enjoy any of it...") or telling my friends and parents it's okay, that I'm doing everything fine and that it'll be alright.

I just want someone to tell me I fucked up.