Signing offHey all.

I'm a male in his thirties. I have a permanent and incredibly painful disability. I can no longer engage in activities that made me happy and defined my life.

Aside from my disability, I have very aggressive and advanced early onset arthritis in all my joints, I require lumbar punctures often to reduce pressure around my brain, have severe depression, anxiety, PTSD, require splints and braces to stand and need crutches to walk. I am also slowly losing my sight. As someone who reads 10+ books a week, this was devastating news. I can no longer drive at night as I have developed Nyctopia somehow. I also have 6 broken teeth from where I seized after being given medications that interacted badly. I can afford to get them fixed when I'm 60.

7 years ago I lost a friend who meant the world to me to suicide. 6 months later, another friend fell over his balcony (on the 17th floor) when drunk. 5 years ago another was killed in a hit and run by a drunk driver. 3 years ago I lost another to prostate cancer. I almost don't believe it when I write it out. I'm either a bad luck lightning rod or there's something in the water.

As a child I was abused multiple times. I was beaten often. Hospitalized more than a couple times from other students sharpening metal rulers and cutting / stabbing me with them.

I've gone through years of counseling. I am on 17 different medications per day. Most are taken twice or three times a day.

We have run out of anti depressants. I no longer respond to them and we have literally used them all.

I'm writing this because my last friend ghosted me. Lied to my face then stabbed me in the back a couple dozen times then disappeared. We've been friends for so long I couldn't believe it. So I don't have anyone to tell all this to.

But I have made a decision. I'm sick of being in pain all day. Sick of feeling like there's glass in my joints and that my head is being crushed. I'm sick of waking up screaming. I'm sick of being sad and alone.

I just wanted someone to know I was here.

Goodbye guys. Hold onto your friends and be stronger than me.