I just need someone to listen to my storyI don't even know if this is the right place to post this. I just need to get this out of my system. 

I dated this girl my last year in college for about 9 months. She was like the exact opposite of me - I was liberal, atheist, shy/antisocial; she was conservative, religious, in a sorority. Despite the differences, we were really happy together. Eventually with our graduations looming and mostly my stubbornness, we split up and I took it pretty hard. But I made a promise to myself to become a better person. I started working out, focusing on trying to improve my social/fashion skills, working on being more tolerant/openminded, etc. and to an extremely large extent, I feel I succeeded. One night, I was drunk and facebook messaged her kind of just saying hey and hoping that she was doing better. She ended up coming over and staying the night. Slowly we started talking again via text, pretty much every day. Her texts were always the highlight of my day. I'm working in KS as a chemist, and she's moved to Atlanta, GA for an internship. We start to talk about life goals and how we've changed, etc. and it slowly evolves into a 'hey, you know, we seemed to be much more in line with each other now, maybe there's a possibility this could work this time'. And the sentiment is mutual. I plan a trip to fly down and visit her this past weekend, with the intent of laying the formation for a slow, but potentially great recovery and loving relationship.

Friday night, I get in and we go out drinking. We're being really flirty and having a great time then she just disappears. So now I'm alone in a bar in a foreign land and super confused. After 45 minutes of looking for her, I find her in the backseat of her car with some random guy. She doesn't even know his name, and they're clothed, but I flip out. She says it's not what it looks like, etc etc. We go back to her place, have angry sex, and pass out. In the morning we talk about it; she says she was scared/nervous about me being there, and this is her way of pushing people away when they get close. She says she loves me and wants to be with me, but doesn't think she can offer me what I want/deserve from her. I play the role of the nice guy and say "alright, well, let's do some sight seeing and rent a movie and take it easy tonight, my flight leaves in the morning." She thinks that's a great idea and she gets in the shower. While she's showering, I'm laying there and I kind of freak out. I sit up, think to myself "No, I'm sick of being a good guy and letting girls walk all over me". So I start to pack my stuff up to head to the airport and leave early. She gets out and asks me what's wrong, and I respectfully let her have it. I tell her that what she did is not okay, and that I came down here with what I felt like was a mutual interest in pursuing a meaningful relationship only to have her pull some insane stunt that hurt me more than I can put into words. She cries and apologizes, and I give her every chance to stop me from leaving, but she doesn't. I walk to the door, without turning to look at her say "I hope you get everything you want in life" and walk out. After walking for 45 min trying to figure out where the hell I am to call a cab, I find a McDonalds and start looking up cab numbers on my phone. She calls me. She asks me to come back and talk to her and stay. I comply. We kind of lounge around at her apt for the rest of the day, rent a movie and snuggle and watch it, then go to bed (no sex). We wake up, she takes me to the airport and I leave. She texts me after I leave telling me that she loves me and she's sorry, she just doesn't think she can give me what I want right now, and that she wants to be with me and that she needs me to be a part of her life. I tell her that I wish I could understand that. I tell her that I need some time away from talking to her for a while to try and figure out what I need to do.

I don't know what to do. I feel like my entire motivation to keep waking up and going to work is gone now. I think there's a part of her that wants what I want - the "well, I'm an adult now and I want to settle down and share my life with someone" stage but I also think she isn't completely out of that "I'm young and want to party and meet people and be crazy" stage either. I don't want to let her go, but I don't want to wait around to be the consolation prize because I might be waiting for nothing. She has always had psychological issues, she's been suicidal/a self mutilator in the past, and I think she's dealing with some of that stuff right now, so I don't want to leave her to deal with that alone, but I can't let myself be dangled along. I guess I just don't know what to do and don't know how to keep on keeping on. I know this was long, but thanks for reading.