I am going insane.I barely have the courage to write this and even now i am halfdrunk. I am almost 20 years old staggering 20 years old and i have wasted my life. The last three years should have been the ones that would save it all. These years are what you would define.as.the danish highschool/college and i blew it. I was isolated most of the time and it was painfull i never manged to.gain friends and i blame my self for it. The years defined as the years that should bring happiness to most people were some of my most lonely. All speak of the time they were around 17 with joy and yet these were some of my most uneventfull years which i drowned through playing laptop. three years pass in neglect and before i now it i go from 16 to 19. i am an adult and all the glory of the late teen years have been striped.away from because i couldnt fit in. My elementary school years were drivin by moderqte amount of bulling but atleast i had consitent company. The highschool people were neither my  enemies but alas not really my friends either. the years i thought would surpass the  ordeals of elementary were in certain regards yes good because of the peace i got from bulliyng but also Even worse from the soulcrushing loneliness i never overcome. Yes now its better i got friends and family who love me, but the wasted past.can never be undone and i am caught in a spiral were of thought about the things i could've done to fix it. Alas im old now and the teens flew right past me. Why? For fuck sake these are the years everybody talk about and look back on. For me ruined. I feel so dead and miserabel. My entire life has been a waste i feel. Blood to dust i am old. What to do? what to do? Perhaps the knife? I know Its insane, but what does it mather when my first 20 years have been so uselesly ruined. I know i am a diva but i just want know that im merely overreacting, yet be honest. Why does everybody i know remind me of their happy years. I am so biter.and jealouse. their life novell is proper mine is a goddamn waste. Thats how i have felt for the longest of time. and death seems sometimes like the only proper thing to do.