At 23 I've essentially failed at life. Trying to move towards the positive but I need advice on how.I've been wanting to die for quite some time now, but I don't think I could ever do it to my family. My mother would never recover from it. But unless I set myself on the right path I'm afraid that I'll start to care less and less about the effect my suicide would have on my family. So I'm here partly looking for someone who will listen, and partly looking for advice on how to fix my life.

I'll try to summarise my situation as shortly as possible. It's the failure at building any kind of career that is really driving my depression, so I'll leave out all the lonely love life issues I've had and just focus on that. I left 'sixth form' college in the UK with top grade A levels in Maths, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, at about age 18. So far so good. I then had a year and a half before my family moved to Australia, where I planned to go to university studying science. I did nothing useful in that time, refusing to get a job, hanging out with friends, etc. Got to Australia at 19, decide I'm not ready for uni, spend a whole year doing nothing more than working a couple of different bar jobs, and that only occasionally. My family has probably already lost a fair bit of respect for me at this point. February 2010, now aged 20, I finally start university doing a bachelor of science. Make some friends, find some happiness, scrape through the first year. Second year things went downhill. I was overconfident, lazy, got addicted to videogames and before I knew it failed an entire semester. I had to repeat second year essentially, which was this year. The same thing happened again. I didn't care about the science I was doing, I didn't care about anything, I lost myself in depression and video games and just let everything go to shit. Failed both semesters in their entirety (literally 0 scores, I stayed enrolled to keep getting the student assistance money, more or less thinking I would have to kill myself when my family found out or the money was cut off).

So this has left me here, now, at the end of 2012, aged 23, with a complete trainwreck of a life. It would be a minimum of 2 more years to finish my degree, and I'm almost certain I don't want to do it. Which means I need to think about some kind of career. I have no passion, I never have. Other than having sex. I could be a bartender the rest of my life, or get some kind of a low grade office job and join the 9 to 5 misery train. I could start my own business, doing god knows what. I just know I need something to build towards, or the misery will swallow me up. I need to be able to visualise myself in 5 years doing something that pays ok and I'm happy to do, and I need to visualise a path towards that goal. Or I'm going to drown in despair. The problem is, I've fucked up so much, I've already ruled myself out of a lot of the really good stuff. Anything competitive I'm out of the running by virtue of being a complete fuckup. What would you do in my situation?

Thank you sincerely anyone who has read this to the end.