Just anotherI'm here. Just like everyone else.  I fucking hate my life,  i hate everyone that tells me to "cheer up" or to just "get over it, that's life", or the absolute worst "is what it is"!   



Here's the meat of the story though.  Ive been dumped tonight.  I saw it coming,  i can't deny that.  But the fact that I've driven someone very sweet to the point that they don't even want me in their life anymore!? Fuck me.    



I feel like such a waste of space.  I should have a family by now.  All my friends have their happy lives...wait... Friends?  No. People i used to know.  The person that just dumped me like a piece of old food, that was my friend, my absolute BEST friend.   



What did i do?  Welp.  I'm depressed. I have anxiety.  I have the hardest time motivating myself for even the most exciting of times.  I know!  What a fucking downer!  Why would anyone want me!?   



I'm so beyond average that i swear people forget i even exist (besides my parents,  they are a default, they don't even count right now,  so don't go there). I can't even meet people because i feel like I'm awkward and not intriguing, or "cool".   



I've worked so hard at all of my "hobbies" or done things that seem to make people think that I'm so "talented", yet when it comes to using those "talents" they are NEVER GOOD ENOUGH!   



My job is a great job,  and i like to think i make a good dollar, but how the fuck do people live in this world?  I'm looking at places to live cause i splint rent with my SO and Holy shit,  i just want to cry,  take a drink,  and hang myself.   



I don't understand this world. I don't see the anything that's worth it right now. It's all consumerism. It's all who's hot and who's not.  It's everyone acting like they're on a fucking reality show.  It's all facebook, and twitter.  Its all... Fucking....pointless.     



I just feel like the people around me would be better off if i wasn't around anymore, but that would be a joke,  nobody notices me anyways,  and those that do,  just push me out of their lives anyways, and move on as if I was a mosquito that they swatted away.  And that's it.    



I've been on this planet for 35 years,  and ive contributed nothing, but annoyance,  and disappointment.  One of my good friends passed away not long ago, not sure but i think it was suicide.  My friends life got pretty dark in the end.  I felt angry,  and jealous when i heard they had passed.  What kind of feelings are those?  I mean, i bawled my eyes out,  but I'm not sure if that was just the shock.    



I've been told I'm completely emotionless, but I've been told I'm charming and funny.  I just don't like people to see me cry.  How could i be emotionless and unsympathetic? I just don't know what to say to people.  I cry at movies,  i cry if I'm feeling down.  I want to cry now,  but i can't.    



I don't want to go to work tomorrow.  I don't want to work anymore.  At all.  I just want to sit and think and listen to music that reminds me of being young, before I new how shitty this world really is.  Before i gave a fuck about what anyone else thought of me.    



Why was i the fastest sperm?  It's not like i remember trying. I like to think that my dad just drank too much and only had the one swimmer left,  that way i don't have to think how wonderful one of the others would have turned out.  Me... Why me?  I was even premature,  i should have fucking died.  But no.  I'm here,  and all i have to offer is my presence... Yay... Lucky you.    



In closing,  if anyone even stuck around to read this.  I would like to die,  but not some crazy long term death,  and not a random one.  Oh no.  Anxiety has already made me think about those scenarios way too much.  So much that I'm still paying the medical bills.  No.  I want to die on my own terms.  Tonight.  Fuck this.  Goodnight moon.  