Suicidal military member, 4 hours to decide... help?hey /r/SuicideWatch, I signed up for the national guard when I was 17. Back then, I followed after my parents. I was a dumb, flag waving redneck who didn't know any better. I enjoyed my time in the army at first, but about half way through basic, I suddenly crashed into a horrible depression. I also discovered that I couldn't pass PT. I have a chest deformity that the doctors signed a waiver for, but... I finally passed the last PT test of AIT, a week before graduation, by like 2 pushups (and I didn't really even pass, the graders just let me through). Ever since then I've been on a roller coaster of highs and lows. I'm 20 now, and I haven't left my apartment except to shop and go to drill for going on 4 months now. I'm doing my best, but I've never passed a pt test since basic. My leadership has been pushing me so hard at drill that last time, after a "smoke session", I was vomiting 12 hours and tore a rotator cuff. They are supposed to provide me with remedial PT, but my unit is 6 hours away, so they refuse. And they won't let me transfer to a unit close to home because we "might" have deployment orders in the next 12 months. I have drill tomorrow... and I've been entertaining the thought of "falling asleep at the wheel" on the interstate tonight.

I know I took an oath to defend the people of the United States no matter what the cost... but it's all a lie. Turns out, we're just mercenaries. I had that epiphany when my squad leader told us his proudest moment in Iraq - knocking a little kid out with a water bottle thrown from a HMMWV at 60+ mph. I'm sorry if I sound like a pussy who regrets an oath he took and wants out... hell, maybe that's what I am. But the army has not lived up to it's obligation to me either (they are supposed to help me pass pt, according to my counseling statement). I also can't tell them I'm suicidal, because my unit's take on suicide prevention is "hahaha ok guys suicide class time, is anyone here suicidal? olololol didn't think so. If you are, just do it."

So I guess I'm just divided now. Obviously I've got nothing to live for right now... but I have this little hope in the back of my mind that I might someday. My first two years of college, I was number one in every one of my major classes (chem major, just some local school). My choices are as follows: End it tonight. Family will be upset, no one else will care, I get a way out with dignity. Or, go get the shit kicked out of me this weekend, then go to a psychiatrist and hope I can get diagnosed with something that will get me discharged. (I think I'm bipolar but obviously I'm not a professional, so I have no way of knowing for sure.) After that, I won't be able to stay here because of the shame of being kicked out of the army, so I'd probably try and go to school up north and try to find something to fill this horrible void inside of me.

Thoughts?