The world is going to shit. Is it even worth it?Hello. I joined reddit because I needed some help, and this place seemed like a good place. 

As you all know, the world is going to shit. Climate is warming, the virus, the bushfires, the earthquakes in multiple countries...and it is only March. It doesn't seem to be getting better. I was raised catholic, and I practically know the bible from front to back. In turn the older members of my family have begun talking about how the end of times is near, and so on. 

What I am trying to say is that I am feeling hopeless and scared. Every day I wake up feeling numb and unable to escape the news my parents blast 24/7 and unable to escape my grandparents' prayers and its getting to me. I cry because there is so much more I want to do left in this world and it seems that it will kill us all before I do anything. From Chirstmas day last year where earthquakes hit my home municipailty and still shake, and all of these events have been mounting up and it hurts. I feel that it's useless to continue my work or do anything. 

I love my family and friends and support groups so much. I know that doing anything drastic would affect them, would make them sad and its the one reason that holds me back. But the world is getting bleaker and it hurts. I know that bad things happen every day, but good things also happen to counter it, but this year has been the worst.

I guess I just wanted to ask if it's even worth trying anymore? To a dying world? A world where its animals are burning and being hunted to extinction? Whatever good is meant to counteract it is not enough, and the worst part is whatever I do is insignificant. I can't change the world. I'm useless, and I can only sit by and watch the world fall around me.

I guess I just wanted to ask what can we look up to in this kind of world? Because Im beginning to lose color, and I rather sleep forever than watch the world try and kill us painfully, unexpectedly. 

I'm sorry. this sounds more like a vent without a cause. But i needed somewhere to let it out. I'm sorry if I broke the guidelines. But thank you for reading. I just want to have a reason to survive for again.