I haven't seen the light at the end of the tunnel in almost 6 years. I'm not worth the air I breathe. Itd be a service to society to kill meJust to get it out of the way, I'm a transgender woman. I don't even want to talk about being transgender because there's no fucking point. You all get the picture. I've hated my body since I was just learning to draw with crayons. I havent been able to stomach looking in the mirror in fucking years. It's been just the cherry on top of an absolute waste of life.

I've taken every good relationship I've ever had with another person and absolutely destroyed it. I've had so many people genuinely love me, care for me, stay by my side through hell and back. And then I ruined every single one. Promises that they would never abandon me, I managed to find the exception in every single one. I've done so many things that I'm not proud of that I no longer take pride in anything I do. I've done horrible things to people. Said abhorrent and inexcusable things to people who invested so much time and energy into me. I'm a pathetic useless manipulative soul-sucking demon who's carved my way through society traumatizing people left and right. The path is so long now that I can't even remember when I started being such a piece of shit. I was born to form amazing friendships and then absolutely eviscerate those friends. I don't think any of my former friends even think of me anymore. There have been so many i cant even begin to count them.

I'm so fucking focused on the destruction I've wrought in the past, I haven't seen the present in almost 6 years. I live an absolutely horrendous lifestyle. I wake up, tear myself down piece by piece, call in sick to work (note: i do this every day, I've hardly been to work in fucking months), and languish in a stupor induced by self loathing and bingeing. I can't eat meals because I just binge whenever I feel remotely hungry. I cut when I think too much. I stare blankly at a screen for hours upon hours living vicariously through people who are better at living than I am. I have no goals. I have no ambition. I have no path forward. I can't even bring myself to work I'm so fucking incapable. I've been dependent on a string of exs who all eventually realized who I am and got far the fuck away from me.

And this is fucking it. My right to exist has to come to an end. I'm surprised that no one has come forward and demanded it sooner. My own mother said it best herself "You are the biggest mistake ive made in my entire life". My father had the right idea and hasn't said one fucking word to me since the day I was born. I'm enraged at myself for choosing to breathe each day. For lacking the conviction to just end it and let it be. I'm exhausted of psych wards and police wellbeing checks. I'm tired of making firm plans and being talked down by someone who hasn't realized what an awful monster I am yet. Someone was murdered just a week ago in the apartment above mine, and I just couldn't help but wish so fucking strongly that it had been me instead of this innocent woman. I'd give anything for someone else to pull the trigger instead of me. I'm so fucking useless I want to put the act of ending my life in the hands of someone else. I've considered suicide by cop many times. The conviction to do it always fails me and I inevitably fall back to wasting slowly away. Watching like a bystander as my health declines, my youth fades, I fail to get the surgeries I need to be happy with my body, my mental health continues to fall. I know this story is supposed to end in my death. It's the only justice I deserve for being such a pitiful wallowing piece of shit.

I was given all the tools and knowledge to fix my mental health, and instead here I am typing this shit out like its going to make a difference. I don't even know why I'm typing this out. I don't even know what I expect any of you to think. I don't even know anything at all. All my life people have called me smart and I resent that fact more than anything. I'm the biggest fucking idiot I know. I pray to the god i never believed in that I find that conviction and end this. This all has to stop. I'm going to try doing it tomorrow. I've got a plan. I could really easily fuck it up and wake up in another god damn hospital bed. But for the sake of my soul and the world I have to try.