I want to leaveI feel like I have lived past my stay, there is nothing for me here. My highschhool career was a failure. I am suprised they let my graduate to be honest. i didnt party i dint have a girlfriend or any girls into me for that matter. i had a few friends but we dont talk anymore. everyone has moved on to the next chapter of their lives. im ugly. thats how it all started. I got to highschool in grade 9. a fresh start and was bullied for how I look. my hair my face. i got called vagina face by a boy for 2 years before i finally punched him in the mouth. any attemts at getting girls resulted in failure. somehow i even messed up my chance with "The Virgin Slayer" i almost at least kissed her... The constant bullying and stress lead to me getting alopecia. I lost a lot of hair that still has not come back. whats left of my hair looks like pubes. a curly rats nest. at least it smells nice sometimes. my face is chubby and round. I have no definition even though I am lanky as a stick. my hooked roman nose sticks out like a landmark. my eyes are assymetrical and negative cathal tilt. one is also hooded adding to the asymmetry. i have no chin. literally. my lips stick out farther than my chin. my jaw is feminane and rounded with no definition becuase of this strange chubbiness. my teeth are crooked and yellow. i cant afford braces. on top of that I can't get a job. I have applied to every fast food place and retail i could find. but who am i kidding im to ugly for retail. I cant find an apprenticeship either. i can only do trades because my marks where so bad in school. i want to be a mechanic but garages wont take me in and i cant do college without a apprenticeship on the side. i want a girlfriend so bad. ive never even kissed a girl. i feel worthless. i am so ugly that i have never been wanted or desired, i just so badly want someone to care for me. I dont want to carry this disease called virginity anymore. i feel like i have nothing to look forward to in my future.  
  
in my future is see loneliness, poverty and more depression