I've decided im going to end my lifeI cannot keep fighting anymore. Long story short I have a chronic condition called interstitial cystitis which I've been told "doesn't progress" but I look back 2 years a go when it first started and its so much worse now. Medications don't help me, its poorly researched so no doctor has a clue or cares, my relationship with food and drink has been destroyed as this illness has an endless list of trigger foods which all seem to be things i enjoy. I cant enjoy meals with my family, I cant go out and see my friends. Im constantly in discomfort. Because I'm not OK. My mental and physical health has been destroyed. Please dont tell me this is a temporary problem because it isn't. Its permanent. No i cant learn to live with it. Its embarrassing as its a bladder condition which is awkward to tell people. Ill never be able to have children, go on holidays or live a normal life. All I want is to eat my favourite food again and drink a glass of ice cold lemonade without worrying about the after effects. I dont see a future for myself. I make my family unhappy and im a burden on them and my boyfriend. He is still with me even though im a complete mess most of the time. They say they understand but they don't. I'm only in my early twenties and ive had my life snatched away from me. I know people deal with worse but it doesnt help my situation. Im not strong enough. I need honest answers of the best way to kill myself. I've heard amitriptyline is quite effective but ill need to save up a lot of it it seems if I overdose on it alone. I am prescribed 560mg for the month.  I also have 300mg of nortiptyline and 300mg codeine and 28mg of diazapam. Does this sound like enough? I need to make sure i finish the job and id rather it wasnt too painful. My family will miss me but im doing this because I love them. I cannot face any longer with this disease. There's no end and no cure. I cant do the things I love anymore - this is merely existing. Ive had thoughts about jumping off a building but im scared in case I survive and end up with brain damage which would be even worse than my current situation. I was going to cut my wrists in the bath. I found a guide of the best way to do it but I read that its not a very reliable way of killing yourself. I dont even know why I'm writing this post - I just want out of this horrendous life and I pray my plan works. :'( also I've tried counselling but its done nothing for me so please kindly dont suggest that :( this is the end now.