The Puzzle of LifeIt's almost funny how no one even notices or knows my true feelings, the deep emotional breakdown I'm going through and I'm unable to really express how I truly feel inside, and if I say I just don't wanna live, it's just seen bad and overrated, overreacted and meaningless. Damn, I'm really sick of this thing called life, I think soon I'll gather the courage and selfish levels I need to kill myself. I can feel it inside of me building up, it's bulging and I have this odd feeling that something is very wrong and different from the previous times I've been feeling similar, it's not just stronger but it's different and it's stronger than me. Soon enough people will only regret not trying to connect with me earlier probably, sooner or later they'll find this letter too, this little piece of myself and ask themselves 'omg how didn't we see this' just so they could calm their conscience, but that is not needed, I need no regrets, no tears, no blaming, no guilt, I certainly don't want to die either but I can't keep going, I just want the pain to stop but it won't until I literally make it stop by killing myself. I wish there was some other way I could do that. If I rewind the tape back, let's say six years ago I'd say 'people who die by suicide are foolish and selfish' but now ironically I understand those who do that. I think that nothing is luck, all our decisions we take and embody into actions lead us closer and closer to what we appear to be and what will happen to us next, it's like a puzzle, a puzzle of life that we bring the pieces together, these are our decisions and actions, we are inseparable with them as they're us and we're them. And as such we follow the rules of this puzzle, our life. I feel every single decision I made in my life was getting me closer and closer to that end I'm finding myself right now. From the early days of school when I closed myself and isolated myself from others which followed other aftermaths and more, following the way I feel and think, acting accordingly to that. Slowly but surely I'm led to the end of the edge, hope is bliss, love is not real, I am descending to darkness as my inner self is losing its ability to construct a real point of view or constructing one which is too real to handle. Reality crushes my being and the only way to escape it is by disappearing. As my appearance will be disappearing, so will my being and the suffering with it. Pain is inevitable but we have a choice, in the moment of great despair, the notion of choice is a deadly one. You will not see me, hear me, touch me, this life is too empty, that's it from me, for now.