This is my last resortIt feels so strange turning to people online I have never met. I am very sorry for spoiling your day with my negativity, but I'd be really grateful if someone took the time to read my depression-fuelled ramblings. 



For some background, I'm almost 18 years old and I have been suffering from depression and some kind of eating disorder for about 7 years already. I have gone through two suicide attempts and was hospitalized once for a month. I have not been officially diagnosed with borderline disorder (since they have to wait till you are an adult to officially diagnose you with a mental illness in my country), but according to my psych test results, I am most likely suffering from it. 



Lately, I've been in a really bad place. I am stuck in a vicious circle of starving myself, binging, gaining more and more fat (I'm already very overweight), and hating my appearance so much it's painful. I feel so disgusted by being stuck in my appalling fat prison. I want to puke when I look into the mirror and see my lifeless slug-like face stare back at me. But I can't even do anything about it, because I'm a pathetic loser whose efforts always only backfire horribly. I feel so desperate, knowing I could have it all, but I can't because of my weak-willed, cowardly nature. I am constantly hurting those around me and being nothing but a burden.I have been given all the opportunities in the world, yet I wasted them all. I've had it. I can no longer live in my hideous body with a repulsing personality like this. I can't stand myself. I can't go on like this anymore. It hurts so much, mentally and physically. It hurts so much I can't even breathe. I have never wanted to cease to exist so much. I'm at my breaking point.



Yet, when I think hard about it, I am still a bit hopeful that maybe I could turn this around. Maybe it's my pathetic body's self preservation instinct. The only thing it can do right, ironically. I don't know. I feel like I have tried everything I could and only failed miserably every damn time. This stupid string of hope or whatever it is has led me here. God, Fate, whoever or whatever - if my suffering here has any meaning, please show it to me. 



To all of you: I am begging you. If you have ever been in this situation and got out, if you have ever read a book that has changed your life, anything and everything that could help me, please show it to me. I guess I'm kind of looking for a miracle here. I don't expect to be cured instantly. I know such a thing doesn't exist. But I guess I still cling to the hope that something will help me eventually. That maybe I will find something that, by some turn of fate or whatever, will lead me to a good outcome. Or maybe just a sign that my life here is not worthless. This will probably end up buried in the depths of this subreddit. And that's okay. I can only blame myself. But if miracles exist, it would be nice if one of them would happen now. Please.


