Feeling suicidal is overall f*cking terrible, but deep down, a small, twisted part of me feels good about it because I deserve every second of miseryTl;dr: Not planning. Suicide fantasies bordering on schadenfreude, relationship and intimacy issues, self-hate, paranoid about others, jealousy being a plague of the mind, self-doubt.

Preface: I’m writing this on my phone, no autocorrect, so spelling and formating is not good. My english is not that good either, so feel free to correct me.

I don’t have any plans for it, and probably lack courage, but I’ve been thinking about it daily (or at least a couple of times a week) for such a long time it just feels like a part of me.

It’s strange how the body’s instinct is self-preservation yet my brain finds comfort and relish in pursuing my own mental anguish— like a hummingbird looking for nectar. The suicidal fantasies feel so soft and sweet and comforting, like a warm blanket wrapping around me; safe.
I don’t know why it feels so good: is it because it’s a reassurance of the fact that it’s always an option, or because I enjoy this self-influcted schadenfreude? (if you could call it that)
The moment I start thinking about realitically I hit a wall. I’ll start thinking about all of the statistics showing how most suicides fail, and how I’ll fail too because I’m a plain Jane whose not an exception. 
Surviving suicide will actually be worse than dying (in my eyes) because of all of the unwanted repercussions that would make me regret it and seek suicide even more. 
My life is not objectively bad, in fact I’d say it is average. I hope I’m not being arrogant when I’m saying that I might have potential to do better than now, and even being in the same solar system (or even orbit!) as all of the people I look up to and admire. One can always improve, but I don’t know how far I can reach, or if there’s even a limit. Now, there is only one thing that keeps me from being better in any way: myself. 

*

The norwegian word for suicide is «selvmord» which translates to «self-murder». Now, the degree and the way I think of suicide graetly varies, but I almost always want to inflict some damage on this part of me. These  fantasies of suicide may stem from my desire for killing this part of myself. This part is the bad part of me that I’ve managed to co-exist with for the majority of my life, but I can feel her slowly dominating the controls of my body in a noticable manner. My thoughts are a bit more «paranoid» in that I’m throughoutly convinced all of my friends and even some of my loved ones genuinely despise me. Every little action they make can be interpretted as them scheeming against me or making fun of me. I don’t know why anyone would take advantage of me because there’s nothing good to take from me. Despite not being new fears, the fact that they are so frequent now and that I can’t shake them off is scaring me. Some days I am convinced even my dear sister detests my prescence. There are people I honestly want to be with (and I would’ve) if it wasn’t for that.
WARNING: LONG UNECESSARY RANT AHEAD

&lt;rant&gt;
When I was younger I didn’t have a large variety of potential friends, so I anchored myself to the one girl who could actually bear my existance. It honestly was a relief, because I only has one friend in kindergarten (she was the only other dark-skinned girl there. sadly left before it was over). The rest bullied me and made me feel terrible about myself for things that I couldn’t change— things that defined me. While being in such a dark place socially she shone like a star in the distance. The closer I got to her, the clearer things got (you thought I would say brighter, right?). I might’ve been a not-so-smart kid (still am), but I knew she was using me. She told me one day that she got bullied a bit herself. Combined with the way she treated me like she was above me, and how she immediately forgot about me when she was offered an opportunity to be with other girls, I felt used. My long-lost friend from kindergarten returned in fifth grade and she was immediatley loved by everyone, including me. My other friend (let’s call her «Eva» now to differentiate) was furious and was being mean and bitter about her to me. She had built a small empire in the schoolyard, and it was crumbling quickly. Eva was desperate for her power and tried to turn everyone against my friend (failed). I have fortunately burnt all bridges with her (we don’t go to the same school now) but my friend does (we’re still close friends, currently bffs). Eva is still a terrible person who I can not stand. This experience at least taught me about how to spot the bad apples, and that you should not be witv someone out of desperation. 
&lt;/rant&gt;

The reason why I mentioned this event (yikes, it’s so rambly and bitter about f*cking primary drama lmao) is because I am now not very trusting of people and fear intimacy. This ties back to everyone hating me. 
It’s actually fucking crazy how my mind will stretch and bend like it’s bloody playing twister to find ways in which people hate me. 
Picture this: You’re sitting on the bus, just minding your own business. You see two people whispering to eachother and you catch one of them briefly looking at you. A sinking feeling hits you; they’re taliking about you. About how you’re so useless. How even your family thinks you’re so whiny and dumb and self-obssesed. About how ugly you look. The strangers have finished talking and are now looking at eachother and laughing. You see? You fucking see you dumbass? You’re nothing but prime entertainment for them. A walking trainwreck that people poke fun of for instant dopamine. It would almost be a shame if you killed yourself, who would these people talk about? You’re so good at pleasing people, it’s about the best you could do. Another voice in your head joins the conversation: who said they ever think about you? God you’re so self-obsessed. Of course people don’t always think about you even if you’re trash. They, like you, have their own lives to live. They don’t care at all so shut up. Only someone of actual worth would be able to catch their attention like that. Or someone likewise, but in hideousness. You’re so unremarkable in both ways they didn’t even notice you. Now that I think of it, they might’ve laughed at just that.
At this point you’re so immersed in these thoughts you don’t notice the strangers leaving, or that your destination almost passed.

That’s the type of thought processes I can have in everyday situations that are triggered by such simple gestures. And I hate it. I hate it. I hate it.
I’m the most insecure person I’ve ever seen. Looking at myself in the mirror makes me nauseous from the sheer hideousness from inside and out.


 Even if I «believe» (I KNOW, albeit in denial out of fear of confrontation) that no one cares and they’re just faking it I don’t want to cause them harm by talking about my feelings
My suicide will cause harm too. No matter what I do there will be a mental battle in mind.

Well, this might be the most dramatic thing that I’ve ever written. It makes me rather embarassed. Despite that, I’m trying to push beyond because I’ll explode (or implode). I already told my friend about my suicidal thoughts and she was very worried. It made me guilty to make her feel that way as she does not deserve it. The internet is the only place I can vent this into. I feel selfish in that I want people to read this because I desperately need a second opinion.

 Writing this made me realise all of the things that I did not know where affecting me.
Worst thing is, this is just a scratch on the surface (like the fact that I’m not always sad and unmotivated, and can in fact be the opposite to the point where I think I’m cured and somewhat of a good person). I’d rather not plague the person reading all of it (if someone’s reading this, thank you, it really makes my day. I’m feeling sorry for you too).