I can't go homeless again...I'm...  Really scared.  I am really, really, really scared.  I am worried that I will go homeless again and I cannot do that.  I just cannot.  I was homeless this past summer and finally after months of looking I found a job.  It was cashiering at Target but you know what?  It was a flipping job.  

I moved into a place with two roomates and was able to take my cat back in.  I have a home.   A place to feel safe, to feel comfortable, to feel at home.  I can sleep here, there is no set time to move out, and I have food.  However, I have bad IBS.  Really bad, it'll leave me in pain for hours.  Even after the spell, I am too exaughsted to move for the next several hours. As such, I have had to call into Target a lot.  THey had always said "You're fine, take care of yourself!"  Last Friday I was called into the office.  They fired me.  Out of the blue.  I had no idea this was coming.  If I knew i was on thin ice, I would have forced myself to go in and make them accomodate me some how.  But no, just out of the blue I am fired.  

I am so worried.  So so worried.  I am spirling back into depression and I don't know what I will do come November.  I will have nothing.   It took me this long to get hired...  Will it take me that long again?  I mean, I have two cases of luggage when I am hired.  I have IBS to an extreme and I am transgender.   Finding a job is very difficult.  What am I going to do if I can't get in on the holiday rush of hiring?  

I'm going to be homeless again, thats what.  And I can. not. do. that.  I just cannot.  I don't have that will power in me to suffer on the side of the street.  I cannot utilize homeless shelters in my area because they can't fucking figure out what to do with me since I am trans.  My family wont take me in as indicated by my last spell of homelessness.  I don't have any friends with room.  I don't want to lose my kitty again.  Shes the only one who loves me no matter who I am.  

I am starting to apply at every place I can find tomorrow, but I am so scared.   I am so so scared.   I am hoping I get a job at this online tech support place, but I cannot count on it at all.  I would work from home there, a freaking dream job for me.  

If I cannot find a job this month..  I am going to be back on the streets. I don't want that.  I can't take it again.  I cannot do it mentally or physically.  I *will* kill myself at that point.  It will make my heart ache to do it because I know it will devastate so many people...  But I don't know what else to do if no body will take me in. I need fucking stability.  I can't couch hop.  I can't sit on the side of the street and risk being beaten again.  Being raped again (fuck, I already wince when I even hear that word now...).  I cannot do it.  

And if I have to?  Well, at that point I just give up. 