Question for you, thoughts?Picture yourself alone, at night. All your life you lived in a bubble. Thinking if you get good grades, do good things, do right, do fair, be a good child, things will surely happen how you plan them to go. Things will go up and up, positive, and you will have the lifestyle and memories you wanted to make. Then years roll by, and each year after year, slowly but surely you find yourself in a downward spiral, alone once again. Isolated, failure, trying to grasp at anything or anyone that wants you to be part of your life. You find nothing. No one physically/emotionally by your side. Not even family. No one likes you. You ask yourself, "why me?" I've been sincere, kind, the nicest to others, and yet no one wants me around. Your personality starts to change, you get anxious, nervous, fearful of people betraying you, one by one they leave your life regardless of your status or situation. You realize then its your problem. People coughing, sneezing, not wanting to be around you, sitting far away, moving seats, hinting snarky remarks. You then realize that you were born like that, that no matter what you did, your entire life revolved around this aspect. This aspect makes you unloveable, isolated, alone, paranoid. And it will only get worse later in life. This is a genetic disorder, one that cannot be seen with the naked eye. They say someone's smell is what attracts others. You agree. You have been the best person you could be, trying to break out of the bubble and live, but others have not been so kind. Especially strangers. The worse part is, you don't know you have this genetic disorder, you cannot smell it, however everyone with in a certain radius can. You realize you don't want to see others as much, you want them to be happy without you or your smell in their life, and not deal with your odor, so you miss out on life events, you let this disorder break you down bit by bit, and your family that also cannot smell it will question your lack of willpower to find live/find work. You go through the days wondering if you will ever live a normal life. You are not normal. You want whats best for the world and other people, friends and you realize you will never have a normal life. No one wants to be your boyfriend, no one wants to marry you, no one wants to have kids with you, no one wants to even be near you. Being near you would be difficult for them. So, if this was you..and you have lived your life as this disabled person that is not physically crippled but socially &amp; emotionally crippled, even with a heart of gold..would you continue living knowing it will get only harder as life goes on, the smell will be too overwelming for others to handle, which leads to other economic &amp; social problems down the road?