The note I'm leavingThis is no ones fault.  Please remember that. 

I am joyful that this pain and torture I have been going through all my life has come to an end.  I hid it well from others so do not blame yourselves for not helping or reaching out. 

This life that I came into was not meant for me.  I did enjoy my friends and family.  I enjoyed learning.  I enjoyed exploring what this life has to offer.  But I had always felt alone. I had a need for love and companionship. At times I thought I had it but lately I have not felt it. People would come in and out of my life so quick.  I never understood why I wasn't liked and why people would just stop talking to me for good.  I always tried to be nice and empathetic and loving. 

I wish people could see inside my heart and how much love I had inside it.  I just wanted to give it out so much but it was so hard to find people that would accept it. 

When I was diagnosed with mental illness it felt nice to know maybe someone did understand the pain I wake up with each day. But it seemed like it drove people away even more. They didn't understand what I was going thru which I can see but it showed me that the rest of my life is going to be a struggle. Especially that I was jobless, had an endless amount of debt, separated from my wife.  
Hope is a strange thing. It can pick you up when you have it and throw you in the dirt if you don't. I have lost any hope that I had left. I tried getting back on my feet in many ways but nothing panned out. I fought to get my life back and never caught a break.  My hope is gone. 

I'll say it again. Today I am joyful to finally get rid of the torture and pain inside me.  I suppose that is at least one thing I can control in my life, and that it when to end it.  

So fuck you cruel world. Fuck you to anyone that ever made my life worse. 
Fuck it all!

My love is with everyone else in my life; family, friends, pets, etc.  

I tried to leave this world a better place than I found it. I tried. I love you all. 
