The help I need doesn't existI'm 25 years old. I have always suffered from anxiety and depression and all that good stuff, which has lead me to substance abuse. I've been a functional alcoholic for about 3 years, and over the past 6 months i've gradually ceased to function. I'm about to lose my jobs and get kicked out of school. 

Honestly, I don't know what's wrong with me. I know what I need to do, but for some reason I just can't. Wake up, eat, work, study, sleep, repeat. This whole being an adult thing seems so straightforward, and yet I just can't do it. I wake up thinking today will be different, but it's always the same. I'll start worrying, and then panicking, and then I drink just to get my mind to fucking stop. Then something bad will happen- my boss yells at me, I get a bad grade, I fuck up a social situation- and i'm useless for days. I'll just keep drinking and passing out. Anything to avoid dealing with those thoughts. Anything to get my brain to shut the fuck up. It's not even pathetic, it's just disgusting. I just can't get my shit together.

I've tried getting help several times in several different places, but it's always the same. The doctors just want to avoid a malpractice suit. The counselors just want me to give them donations. The support groups just want to convert me to their religion so then I can give them donations. Everyone wants to sell me a bandaid. If you actually fix the problem, it'll be gone. And there's no profit in that. If any of these people or institutions had any real desire or ability to help me, they would have. 

I used to have a friend that I could almost talk about this stuff with. Almost. By that, I mean we would occasionally talk about something slightly more personal than football or video games. I hadn't had a friend like that since elementary school. It was never explicitly mentioned, but somehow I could just tell that deep down he was going through the same thing I was. Under a perpetually cheerful, happy go lucky exterior, there was a black hole on the inside, just like me. Our lives were each a house of cards- we lived and worked and did everything we were supposed to, but inside we were both deteriorating. I think he could sense the same thing in me. It wasn't even really conscious. We each just kind of sensed a kindred (or at least similarly fucked up) spirit.  Calvin killed himself last fall.  

My only friend now is my drug dealer. He and his roommates are the only people within a 500 mile radius that know my name. Friendship has always just been a burden for both parties anyway. It's fucked up- I fear and hate a basic human need. I feel like i'm allergic to water. I feel like my specific combination of traits and characteristics as a human being just didn't work, like I'm defective. I feel like I'm just not cut out for adult life. I feel like I'm constantly fighting an uphill battle. I just want to cut my losses and admit defeat. I just want it to stop.

I feel like my own mind is working against me. My past haunts me- everything from major traumatic events to awkward social situations that happened 10 years ago. I can't move on from anything. I want to let things go, but i just keep reliving them over and over. Everything just keeps resurfacing. It's like there's a constant slideshow in my head of every mistake I've ever made and I can't turn it off. I can't focus on the present. I can't focus on anything. I'm a slave to my own mind.

I feel like I'm out of options. I can't help myself. Professional help hasn't worked. My family just worries whenever I'm honest with them. Even if I did have friends, who wants to deal with shit like this? I have no right to burden someone else with my own shortcomings. 

I don't know why i'm posting this. Maybe some part of me is still clinging to hope. I guess the internet is my last resort. If you've made it this far, thank you and I apologize for having wasted your time.

