22 years old, F- I feel suicidal for the first time in my life. Please help.Frankly, I don’t know where to start.

I’m having trouble coping with reality, and experiencing thoughts and feelings I never thought I’d have. For starters, my mom was a drug addict and lived a very chaotic life until she died of a heroin overdose two years ago. In a previous post, I shared about this. Things were never normal for me as a kid- I didn’t play sports, my grades were either really great or really horrible, and I didn’t ever have a regular group of friends. I didn’t get to invest in specific talents or activities, other than video games- and at least that kept me out of trouble, more or less. I struggled with cutting as a teenager, but it was very infrequent. When I wasn’t living with my mother, I lived with a family who while were selfless and kind, were very religious- which created a lot of inner conflict. Between everything, I was driven by the hope of creating a better life for myself as soon as I turned 18. I carried certain ideals instilled in my by my very-religious friends that created unrealistic expectations about how the world should be. I focused so intently on surviving and building a foundation for myself that I ignored psychological damage that had been inflicted during my adolescence. 

Fast forward a few years, I’ve had my ups and downs- but am overall, have done alright considering the circumstances. I became aware of bad habits through experience in romantic relationships, and having failed community college. I struggle with anxiety, and even the temptation to resume cutting- despite the fact that I have a lot going for me now; a great job for my age where I hope to advance as an IT developer, some decent friends, and a boyfriend that is beyond loving. I don’t do drugs or party very much. On most days, I’m usually very happy and bubbly, and am working to better myself. My focus has been largely on building myself for my whole life, and my social experience with others has honestly been pretty limited, which I regret.

I’m reaching out for help and advice because my anxiety has been horrible lately. I had hoped that in creating a life for myself, the world and the people in it would be one way, but reality is  totally different experience- and looking at it, I feel disgusted by human nature and the actions of many of my peers. I feel like my bright, bubbly nature was based on an ideal I had about people rather than a genuine love for them. The sadness that I’m feeling at certain moments overpowers my feelings happiness. I’m worried that I’m inevitably going to fall into a bad mental state a ruin my relationships with others. I feel insecure and anxious for no reason with my boyfriend, though I do my best to hide it. I feel like I cannot open up to my friends because they wouldn’t understand. I’ve thought about seeing a counselor, but I feel as if there are so many issues to work out.. and it would take a life time. I would never share this with my partner, because I know I’m truly lucky to have him and he deserves the very best from me only. I feel selfish and embarrassed for feeling the way I do, because I know many have it worse.

At the moment it feels possible, even logical in the big picture to end my life- but I’m also aware that it could be a fleeting feeling that will pass. I’ve never felt this way before, and I’m worried that as time passes it could only get worse. If you have experienced something similar, or have any words of wisdom you could share- it would be of great help and comfort. I’d love to hear your personal experiences as well.

