I want to grow, but I feel I'm truly broken.I think its always just been there that I've had issues. I don't find what I do particularly terrible but my personality screams "I don't belong in any sort of society" and I don't think I've been able to tame that dragon. I remember being sad for as long as I can remember. I never cut throughout school but when I was 11 I attempted to kill myself. I didn't know shit and assumed it would be easy to do. I obviously didn't succeed but I never really let go that I was dealing with some real internal issues at a young age. Ive never told anyone this. My mom worked a lot and wasn't really ever home much. I started staying home alone after school at 8. I feel a majority of what I've learned has been through teachers scolding me for trying to figure who I was at a young age with no direction, or through dramatic over the top TV/movies. I've never been interested in crazy power as I just dont want to be alone. I've never cared what I did as a profession as long as I could make someone else happy and grow with them. Problem is, is I'm a total nutcase when it comes to relationships. I'm a jealous person at times. I want to say because a majority of my relationships ended with me being cheated on, but I know deep down it was just my personality from the beginning. I was always a class clown so when I attempted to better myself I'd be met with disbelief or just denial from my peers. I learned that high school is just full of judgmental people whom don't even know who they are yet. Except now that I'm 25 I'm starting to realize that a majority of life is just a popularity contest. I can work as hard as i want, and like any girl who gives me attention, but it'll never give me the chance to do what makes me happy. I understand women want something that is strong, and able to provide. I'd do the same if the roles were reversed.  I feel I'm 100% both those things at the end of the day, but I can't seem to prove it. This game of cat and mouse just hurts me. I never liked being cheated on and I hate competing for your love with other dudes I've never even met. I can't even seem to have my best of friends pick up the phone. I feel I want to grow and achieve everything I've ever wanted, but what's the point when you've never been happy in the first place? I'm scared that by the end if I do achieve some of my goals, that I won't even be happy then. What if I work so hard to do what I want, just to still fail myself in the end? I'm not afraid of failure, I'm just afraid that ill still feel the way I do. Its honestly scared me how much I've packed empathy in a majority of areas just because I feel I've never been shown the same. I feel cold, and I feel mean. The world around me tells me the same, and the only way I feel I can reach for a little bit of light is talking it out, but no one will understand. I'll scare them or just plain annoy them, so I have to keep my emotions to myself, because I feel the next time I breakdown could be my last and no one should have to deal with that when they have their own issues. I'm watching all my closest friends drift away from me, I felt alone before so what happens when at the end of the day I'm really alone? I didn't ask for any this, the life, the emotions, the constant monotony of every day life. I feel I've only made it this far so I can play certain games and see the end of one piece. When I say it though it just hurts to know my life has become about me living or dying over the simple fact of something entertaining me. Idk I'm a fucking idiot and even to this point of the post I feel this is such a waste of time. I can spill my guts as much as I want but it doesn't change that I'll always be fucked up, and I don't know if I can fix it, and I'll never depend on someone else to fix me, because I don't want to hurt them.