Talking to non-sufferers about major depressive disorder*I've spent a lot of time thinking about how to properly articulate some of my thoughts about our condition to non-sufferers, or people who just simply don't understand or believe in it.*

*I decided to finally sit down and try to put it in writing and I want to share this with you in case it may be able to help anyone talk to family, friends, or colleagues who've struggled to understand what you're going through, while giving them a new vocabulary to use when discussing depression with those suffering from it.*

*Feel free to share if it you think it would help. I also [published this on my blog](http://l-a-t-r-a-c-e.com/talk-about-depressing/).*

**/// "Talk about depressing" ///**

There are people you will encounter at some point in your life, including your own friends and family members, who are struggling every day with a condition that is well-known but frequently misunderstood: depression.

Major depressive disorder is a lonely condition. People who struggle with it typically feel that they are fighting a battle for their life all by themselves. Depression also often causes a self-imposed isolation and unfortunately, mainstream attitudes towards the condition makes it difficult for sufferers to reach out to friends, family members, and colleagues for fear of rejection or stigma.

No one should have to die alone. Stopping the stigma towards depression and suicidal ideation will help save lives.

Think about this: If someone you knew and loved came to you this very moment telling you that they had a plan — and a will — to end their life, how would you react? What would you say? Is this something you’ve ever thought about before? It’s an important thing to consider.

Despite what advertisement campaigns for anti-depressants depict, depression is not just sadness. It’s not just an emotion and it’s not a “cloud.” It’s also not a choice. Clinical depression is a real mental illness that affects peoples’ ability to thrive in their life and career and build meaningful, long-lasting relationships.

The way we talk about major depression and other mood disorders has an effect on peoples’ ability to cope with their condition and the way they are perceived by the people they love and work with.

Here are a few common tropes that I’ve heard over the years and my suggestion for a better response:

“that sucks” = “I’m sorry”

“man up” = “I’m here for you”

“hide the crazy” = “it takes all types”

“wherever you go, there you are” = “we all take different paths”

“they couldn’t hack it” = “they didn’t get the help they needed”

When someone does ultimately end their life, it’s a loss for everyone in their community. The theme of someone not being able “to deal with it” or suggesting that someone “took the easy way out” is a cruel reaction based in social Darwinistic thought in which only the strong survive.

This way of thinking is to suggest that the person who was lost didn’t deserve love and didn’t deserve dignity in life or death. It’s simply a way of thinking that devalues life.

It also suggests that displaying vulnerability and suffering from depression is a sign of weakness.

We’re all trying to make sense of the world and our place in it. For some, it’s much harder than others.

There’s also the theme of depression being “contagious.” It may be unfair to expect too much of any one person or friend when going through an episode, but people who rebuff or put down those who are struggling are only further emboldens the stigma of the condition and those who open up about their experience with it.

“Why can’t you just be normal?” This is something sufferers probably ask themselves frequently. It’s not easy thing to deal with, and getting older and taking on more responsibilities and higher stakes only makes it that much worse.

The trauma of being pushed away by friends, being fired from a job, or struggling to find a partner also becomes increasingly more difficult to bear and increasingly more internalized. We ask men to be more open about their emotional state, but turn them away when they are.

There’s more we can do for sufferers than point them to the suicide prevention hotline. By simply changing the way we think and talk about depression, there’s a good chance that we can collectively put an end towards the stigma and allow people to seek the help they need.

In fact, if we really do value human life, it’s necessary that do so.