Death and Pain, I canʻt take it anymoreHello...internet
I am one of your average teenagers who has access to the internet. Cool, I know.
I am here because I have been thinking about death and if touching it would help me. You see, I have a pretty fucked up life at this point. I basically have everything a kid could need in life, but for some reason there is shit wrong with me. I used to be good, smart kid who did his hw and didnʻt think thrusting myself with a knife. My last memory of "the good days" was in 4th grade. Towards the end of the year, I remember just not really doing my school work. Being lazy...

I made it through. 5th grade was where I started falling apart. Constantly not turning in work, and not caring. I had a bad teacher who had it out for me which led to many teacher parent conferences and my dad staring him down. Notice that part. My dad stared him down because that teacher treated me like an outcast and he actually cared. I have parents that care but me, I just fk up every single opportunity that is given to me.

Something I guess is worth noting is that I am not actually stupid. In my state I scored in the top hundred or so kids in subjects like Mathematics, English and Science. This confused teachers as my ability to turn in work didnʻt match with my test scores.

This basically has been repeating itself since then. After 5th I went to an online school, and that is when things got worse. Because now you could work on your schedule and not the teachers. I did ok 6th grade, but 7th and 8th grade I did little to no work. But somehow when it came to quarter and semester ends, I scraped up Aʻs and Bʻs because of my intellect but not my work ethic. 

Now here I am, a sophmore in highschool. I basically screwed up my freshman year, I let my grades slip and I no longer able to slip by with Aʻs and Bʻs as well as I was. Because the work got harder, and guess what, I was in a damn private school. Yes my parents were spending almost 20k for me to do next to nothing. 

I donʻt know what to do at this point. You guys can think "Oh this kid just isnʻt doing good in school"...no

Iʻm a social outcast, and I have basically no friends. I canʻt even call them friends because all I can talk to them about is the video games we both play. Iʻve been over there house once or twice but Iʻm basically alien to them. I skip basically half of the quarter, not going to school, doing nothing and wasting away. Just being...nothing. I am not going anywhere in life and I canʻt muster anything to pick myself up and get out of this pit. 

Also, last year I lost the person who mattered the most to me. She had been my friend since middle school...those close friends that you share 99.9% of yourself with, the other 0.01% being that you actually like them, in that other way. When we finally sad those words and became something more, things were...amazing. I still rememberr the day, and how the tears fell from my face and how I thought how could someone feel this way about me with how fked up I am....

and you know what

She died.

I lost her

I lost the person who... who meant so much to me...

and I just canʻt deal with this anymore. She is the one who helped push me when I couldnʻt. She helped me, she made me want to be better. If it werenʻt for her, Iʻd be worse off. 

You might ask, where is my family in this? Well my sisters go to a private school as well. They are the girls that everyone loves and they are social butterflies that have like 3 sports and 50 clubs so they were busy enough. My dad is consumed by his work day and night, and any slim time in between. My mom, she...she is in a dark place as well and she has even talked about killing herself as well, in front of the family.

I canʻt take it anymore. How I threw everything away, and how I could have so easily fixed it because of my intellect and the chances people gave me. They saw me, and they said what I had been hearing for years.

Potential

But I waste it, I donʻt do anything. I try to break the cycle, I really do try but I canʻt I canʻt.....

I just fall again and I try to get back up and the worst part is, Iʻm the person who knocks myself down again and drags myself deeper. 

I donʻt know what to do. I have a shit ton of school work to do, tests and exams to study for. But Iʻm ready to just give up. I hate it, I despise being this weak but Iʻm just tired of living like this...

Iʻll miss the few friends I had. The few...

and the beauty of the shes and hers with whom I was entranced, it will be sad to never again, upon that, glance...