I’m just so tired of everything going wrong(mention of SH, ED and obv suicide) 

I wish I had friends who loved me and didn’t just put up with me. I wish my girlfriend would love me but I think she’s lost feelings. If she has, I wish she’d just fucking tell me and get it over with. I wish I was good at shit and hadn’t wasted all of my potential. I wish, I wish, I wish. 

Instead, I just sit here all day doing nothing, feeling nothing, drinking a shit ton of caffeine and harming myself. I’m useless. I’m wasting everyone else’s time and energy by being here so whose benefit am I even suffering for? I’m only here because I know I’d probably fail my attempt and fuck up my life even more. Plus, my parents don’t deserve me putting them through any more suffering than I’ve already caused them.

I kind of miss not being on antidepressants, because my brain was so foggy that I wasn’t thinking of the logistics of it. Now I spend all the time just wanting to die but thinking too much about it to be able to actually go through with it.

I was having such a good week and this all just hit me like a truck. How stupid was I to think that I was actually getting better? I had the worst SH episode I’ve ever had tonight. Like I genuinely could not stop. And now even thinking about it is making the urges come back. 

Why am I such a fuck up? As a kid, I was such a little brat. And once I grew out of that, I was diagnosed with social anxiety and I developed an eating disorder. Then it was OCD. And then depression. And now they’re testing me for ADHD for the second time. Why can’t I just have a normal fucking brain? 

I’ve told my psychiatrist (CAMHS worker for anyone who knows) that I’m very suicidal every week for the past month and she keeps just telling me to “promise not to do anything” for another week. And then she ups my prozac dosage by 10mg. My therapist can’t see me anymore since CAMHS is a public service and there’s other people on the waiting list. And my parents can’t afford private. The only way I could get real help is if I went inpatient and they only put you in inpatient if you try to kill yourself. 

I have 2 weeks of exams starting tomorrow and I’m going to fail all of them. It’s 9:30pm and instead of getting up and studying I’m laying in my bed typing this giant vent that no one’s going to read. I don’t know what to do man.