Why the fuck am I still hereLife's been such stupid bullshit. I had to be born to a mom that fucking hates me because I'm not 'cool' the way she wants. My dad was an arrogant asshole who could do no wrong in his eyes and when I tried going to them for help as things were getting worse for me, they didn't care. My husband always starts fights with me over stupid things and I can't say anything ever or stand up for myself without it getting worse; I usually can't say anything, anytime without it starting some stupid bullshit. This transcends into my normal life though. Literally every word I say causes some kind of problem, everything I do is wrong, and I'm the only one to ever be chastised. I can't even do or enjoy anything without it being accompanied by anxiety and guilt, so I prefer the days where my husband leaves for work rather than when he stays home, especially days like today where I dared to tell him I didn't like something and it started a stupid bullshit fight and now my day is ruined. It would've been better if he'd just left but I know ultimately that I'm the one that needs to just go. I'm not good enough at anything and have no friends that I don't just know/sometimes hang out with through my husband and I know I'm sub-human to them like everyone else anyway. I know and accept that I'm garbage. No one's ever truly liked me. Any friends I've ever had since I was 4-5 (I will or would be 23 in February) have all up and abandoned me at some point. My husband has been my best friend for 8-9 years and I tell him too that he'll get tired of me and start to hate me eventually. He cries when I bring up me killing myself but I know he'll be better off. He can spend some years being depressed about me being gone (which wouldn't happen because it's me) then move on, or I stay alive and we stay married and he's miserable forever.
I've never been a bully but being nice doesn't matter either. It really doesn't matter in this life; if you're gonna be shit on, you're gonna be shit on. I've always had some curse or something attached to me that makes me just by default the least popular/most unliked/friendless person in any group, at any time. It's not fair that life is this shitty but people still expect you to not commit suicide. What a load of selfish bullcrap that is. Ok, then I don't kill myself and literally nothing changes, but I didn't commit suicide so it's all ok, right?
I fucking hate myself and my life. I'm not going to do anything great and every time things seem ok, I'm always proved wrong. I feel so tired or in some kind of pain all the time and that's not compared to the slightly pain-tinged, empty, heavy black-hole I've got in my head in place of a brain.
This has all beaten me down so much that I can start to seem pretty dead or gone in my eyes when these things happen, but the desire to stab myself or walk into traffic doesn't stop.
I wanna die and be thrown into the trash heap where I've always belonged. What a stupid waste of breath that could've been given to someone who would've been liked and done well.
I wish euthanasia was more of a thing, then I wouldn't be spending my life making everybody else miserable by accident and in turn ruining things for me as well. I've used services like hotlines or 7 Cups of Tea or whatever but the hotline people are rude/unresponsive and the 7Cups person literally did not understand me, but I got matched with them. I hate seeing those services advertised to me when I look into suicide methods or planning. They don't work. I can't even tell people my stories/situation without feeling like I'm making it up to get attention. Every time I feel all better, all these things just come back to attack me again and remind me that life isn't my sweet picnic to have with others.
My reasons to stay aren't enough to sustain a life...some music, hobbies sometimes, my dog, occasional good times...that's not enough in life though. 
This is a time where I'd be ok with someone killing me on the street in some freak accident...
Life is like chess and some of us are meant to be kings, queens, knights, then you have to have pawns...I'll accept my role on the chessboard, then...