After giving up the idea of “suicide,” I’ve moved on to better thingsI am very apathetic now for the most part. I rarely cry. I don’t really. I don’t get excited about anything, and if I do it only lasts for a moment because I get bored of my “passions” fast now. I have things I kind of like to do but I don’t do them often because like I said, I get bored really fast. So I sleep for over 14 hours a day and stay up all night. I’m desensitized to a lot because of things I’ve been exposed to and things I’ve exposed myself to. I hate so much. I complain a lot as I rant, but it’s always helped me get over the feelings of frustration that tend to build up ever so frequently. I hate so much. I don’t love anyone. Not even a family member that I was very close to. It was strange because before I was so sure I loved her more than anything and one day I didn’t feel anything anymore. I don’t love anyone. I don’t love myself, I hate myself. People tell me I’m not fat, but I hate looking at my chubby stomach and thighs. I hate having size 40DD breasts and I hate it when my friends have confessed their feelings to me. I hate it when people like me in that way, because I can never reciprocate and it’s always caused problems. Lost friendships with people I was once close to. Depleted friendships. I don’t have a lot of friends but I prefer that. I don’t want to be loose with that word and then be backstabbed again or dropped again. People are fake and plastic and I hate them so much. I hate people for telling me they care when they no they don’t. Or if they do, they only half care and dip when it gets too complicated. People want clout and money and fame and I want none of it. I want to be alone in the woods, and live in a log cabin and have a fireplace and read books every night after catching and killing my own food. I hate society. It’s ass backwards. I hate it when people tell me I can do what I want as an adult but then tell me I can’t because I have to work 9/5 in a career I will likely hate waking up every day at 5 in the morning for. I don’t want to be bosses around and I don’t want a place in the rat race. I don’t want to be rich and I don’t want to be poor. I don’t like money.

I just like the plants and trees who are kind to me and give me a calm sustenance. I like the animals who are innocent and fearful of my kind, rightfully so. I like the sunrises and the sunsets that everyday give me something new to look at. I like the water that hasn’t been touched by the filthy hands of humankind. It calms me. But it isn’t here. It’s not here with me, but if it was I would find sanctuary in her arms and hold her for life, not dear, because life as it is is not dear. It is simply not dear at this moment, not terrible actively because while I still want to die after all this time, I have become numbed to some of this pain. It still drags on me like a ton of bricks sometimes in the form of a depression. However, in recent years it has transformed into a potent bitterness and anger that since has not left me and will not until I leave this wretched place. So I no longer care and I am no longer afraid to die that way. I will not eat as I should, and I will not wake up and care for myself as I should. I do not care and I am tired. My body may have slept, but my spirit is exhausted. I shall be laid to rest soon, I hope. For I will die of “natural” causes.