My mind is my worst enemy.Hello whoever(if anyone)is reading this, I'm having trouble actually putting into words how I feel, So I'm going to just write as it comes to me, I apologize if it's difficult to follow.


I feel so empty, not entirely void of feelings, more like everything I experience comes through a buffer, Like I'm not entirely *here* or *there*. 

I have trouble feeling emotions like other people do, I rarely laugh, I'm browsing reddit all of the time, and things that are obviously so funny to everyone just don't effect me. Even things that seem heart-wrenching to everyone else, barely scratch the surface of my "heart". It's like everything is watered down. 

I recently dropped out of high school, At first it was a huge relief, but now that it's been nearly 2 months since dropping out and I've done nothing more than piss time away on reddit.

Suicide has crossed my mind, But I feel like life is just so valuable, and a person can do so many great things that to end a life, even mine, as useless as I feel I am, is wasteful. I want to believe that things can get better, But I just feel like I don't have a future. Of course everyone has a *future*, but I'm afraid that mines isn't one worth having.

My memory is horrible, I retain very little of the information I learn. I always tell myself that if I were normal, like everyone else, I'd actually appreciate learning, and the company of other people, but I just don't. 

I feel like I'm incompetent. I never have anything insightful to say, I rarely have anything at all to contribute to anything, Ever. I really wish I could think of myself as an intellectual, but I just can't. Does an intelligent person struggle to manage their thoughts? Does a person that is not hopelessly stupid forget what they were thinking about only seconds after having started the thought? 

Spending time online let's me escape reality for a short time, but inevitably at the end of the day I have to live with my self.

I've had this bottled up for so long, and I'd like to think that getting it off my chest feels good, But really, I don't feel different at all.

I have a couple friends online but I wouldn't feel comfortable opening up to them.

I really just want someone to talk to.

