I would take my own life if there were a way that I wouldn't hurt my mother and my family.First off, I'm going to be a bit all over the place since I really don't know how to organize my thoughts and what's wrong with me - but it all comes down to me wanting to just be away from this world and place less burden on my family.

I'm not really sure where to talk about this, so here I am. Basically, all of my life, I grew up with no father. Now, that's not really an excuse. My mother and my other relatives have given me all the resources growing up so that my lack of a father figure wouldn't be a factor. I do not put any blame on to them, don't get me wrong - the point of saying that is because they've worked so hard to raise me. I love them to death and all they've done for me.

Now, despite all they've given me, I've done nothing with it. I'm 26 years old, and I basically do not know how to take care of myself. I do not have any "life" skills to speak of, I'm socially inept, I don't eat properly. In short, I'm just useless. Now, I've gone to school (my school was paid for - but school isn't as expensive in Canada as it is in the states), but I fucked up my first degree. My GPA was really bad since I spent more time playing video games than actually studying. Despite that, I was given a second chance and I decided to do a technical college diploma. Took it more seriously and I actually managed to land internships that gave me experience.

It's been a month since I've graduated, and I'm having trouble finding a job. Even with the experience that I have, the job market is pretty tough. I have an interview this coming week, but it's only a temp job. Still, it's no guarantee that I will get it and even if I do, I have to commute a total of 3 hours a day just to get to work. Better than nothing, I guess?

So what's actually wrong?

Well, I'm battling a League of Legends addiction. Even with how much I've been playing lately, I'm only Platinum 1 (which is top 1.5% of the playerbase), but honestly, it's not enough for me. If there was a way for me to not care about this game anymore and do something else, I would. I just don't have much willpower to start something new. I feel completely lost if I do anything. I can't do sports or weightlifting right now since I'm also suffering from sciatica. Gaming and computers is the only thing I know how to do, and I know I have to expand my skillset, but I just feel lost doing so and I lose interest after maybe 1-2 days of trying.

Anyway, I just don't feel like a useful person. I fucked up all the things that my family has given me. So many people in this world would kill to have their school paid for and do something with their life, but I just threw it away. I can't find another hobby aside from computer and games. I'm way too shy to put myself out there and I'm too sensitive of a person. Also, I don't want to even begin talking about my life because people will just judge me being so pathetic at 26 years old. 

I don't know. I just want my life to be over. I fucked up. Let me just leave. Please. Unfortunately, doing so will hurt my mom and I don't want anything happening to her. Fuck...

