Always looking forward to the future and then the future always disappoints.Grew up in a poor family situation (Mom was bipolar and sometimes abusive, I was extremely close with Dad but Dad began working on oil rigs and was gone 30-60 days at a time leaving me with just her) and swore to myself that as soon as I turned 18 and moved out everything would get better. Saved up $2,000 and moved out three months after my eighteenth birthday. Admittedly, the situation was a little bit better but I found that working a dead-end job fast food restaurant barely supporting myself didn't bring me the happiness that I thought I would achieve by being independent. Resolved to get a college degree because I thought that getting an education and a better job/more money would make me happier. Worked like crazy and put myself through insane amounts of stress taking 15+ hours of school and working 50-60 hours a week to pay for it. Graduated with my Associates Degree at age 21 in May 2012 and got out of food service. Got one of the administrative/clerical jobs that had seemed so glamorous to me while serving chicken sandwiches and realized that while better paying than my previous job, I was still no happier putting in my forty hours a week. I dreaded waking up in the morning to go to a job that was meaningless to me. I decided to look places other than my career for happiness in my life-- I met a man who I truly believe loves me and for the first time I felt like I could truly be happy with him forever. I started dreaming about what our life could be like together and was very happy when he asked me to marry him. I felt so much happiness looking forward to being loved, being married. Two months ago we had the actual ceremony and I do think it was the happiest day of my life so far. Now that the novelty of it has worn off-- I find that I don't like being married nearly as much as I liked the thought of being married. 

I always look forward to the future and think it is going to be great. I always think if I could just do "x" or have "y" I could be happy and so far I've attained everything I've ever set my mind to and it still has failed to bring me long term happiness. I have to wonder if I've been chasing the wrong things or if no matter what I attain I will never be happy. I mean-- if you look at my life-- by all means it SEEMS successful and I know that I -should- be happy with it. I just find that I'm not. That it's a chore to wake up and live everyday. I feel like I have to plaster a huge smile on my face and pretend because that is what everyone thinks I should do but honestly lately I've been thinking that I should just end it since I will never be happy with what I have and always chasing a future that will never live up to my expectations.