I will leave my shitting life once my troublemaking girlfriend go back to RussiaI am tired of my life and have no reason or purpose to carry on. I want to die from overdoes or COVID-19 or whatever! However I can’t leave the world while the troublemaking girlfriend of mine stuck with my parents. I don’t want to selfish and unfair for leave out of the blue on them. All I can do is waiting for the date for stupid court then go back to Russia as she supposed to go back 2 fucking years ago. What she did is cyber stalking and harm on someone (I dunno who but I don’t care) she claimed to make friend with. I told her a hundred of times to accept that this lady doesn’t want to be her friend and move on but my advise is as if it go in her ear and out of other ear! She went to the lady’s place unannounced and pound on the front door like a maniac ! She get herself arrested for that! What the fuck keep CPS from make a decision whether she have to go court or not! 

She is the one that destroyed my pride and drive me depressed a big time due to being forced to hand her the money after her credit card has been expired! She caused other troubles with my friends and lose 3 people of my life over her! Lastly, I am tired of listen to her whinnying about lockdown etc! 

I don’t want to do anything with her anymore. She’s stay in our guest room for a while. My parents are way too nice to her— means they don’t have a gut to throw her out of the house. I means she don’t have a place to go. We have to keep treat her as a guest until she retrieve her passport (oh yeah home office took it when she arrested— that’s why she can’t leave UK until then)

I can’t wait to leave this cruel world as soon as she return to Russia. I have no purpose to carry on after that. I have no child. No marriage. No place of my own. I doubt woman would like to date a skinny guy with autism crap! I need to leave so badly. I don’t care if I’d go to hell for things I’ve done as a teenager and reborn as a cat or bug!

Sorry for my shitty English— I’m learning disability.