CravingsReally the only way I can describe it. Like wanting a chocolate bar. Except this one can't really be satisfied. I feel it all the time. Sometimes I'll be driving on the highway and have an intense urge to unbuckle and just jump out. Or drive into a wall. I'll be chopping vegetables, then all of a sudden the knife we be at my throat and I'll be crying and thinking about how easy it should be. Angry at myself because I can't. 

Every night as I fall asleep I pray that God will kill me. I pray I don't wake up. It's like a mantra. I ask over and over again till I'm out. I actively try sometimes, but I'm too much of a pussy. I'll hang a rope from the joists in my unfinished closet. I get my little step stool and put as much weight as I can for as long as I can. As soon as I'm close to passing out, my lizard brain kicks in and "saves" me. Then I'm left with a sore neck and a sense of peace. The sense of peace lasts for some time. Maybe that's part of why I keep trying.

I exhibit such phony positivity. I try very hard to see the good in life, and there are good things that I love, but I'm of no use to anyone. I can't maintain any sort of joy besides a few passing seconds. I try. Oh God how I try... I get out in the sun. I exercise. I meditate. I see a therapist. I take my wacko pills. I've tried so many philosophies, looked into so many religions, esoteric teachings, read a dozen different self help books. I might be worse if I didn't do these things. Who know? But there is no lack of effort on my part. Maybe too much.

I can't fix my thinking. I try every day. I just can't see the positive. All I see is transitory decay. Everyone and everything will be taken from us. You too. Why care? Some people say that's just reality and you have to accept it. Easier said than done. I feel like most people are lying to themselves and distracting themselves from this. I agree that it's better to have loved and lost as they say, at least logically, but my being seems to disagree.

I've "realized" some "spiritual" truths in that I can agree with them logically. The problem is I can't feel them. I can't feel that the past and future and mostly illusory. I can't feel that Aham Brahman. I can't feel the unity of the microcosm and microcosm. What I really feel is that I'm here to suffer. I feel like this world is really hell. I feel like our intellect is more a curse than a blessing in that we can remember all of we've lost. We can see all we will lose, and better yet we get to suffer all of the falsely imagined futures too.

I have OCD. Not a quirky thing at all. It's not fun. I have ridiculous rituals I have to perform just for a moments peace. I have almost constant violent intrusive thoughts about people I love being raped, tortured, and violently killed.

I have people I love, but not really people who love me. I have a young son who I love more than anything in the world. He's the only source of hope I have for the existence of good in the world. If anything were to happen to him, I'm 100% certain I'd kill myself. He doesn't seem to like me much though. I'm certainly not his favorite person. I'm not really of any use to him anyway. I have no redeeming qualities. I feel like I shouldn't be in his life because I'll just teach him to be a shithead loser like me. He'd be better off with a real father figure.

I had a girlfriend who I loved more than I've ever loved another person. I was overly attached. We fought a lot. I wish I would have just let her be right sometimes instead of being an egotistical asshole. I should have listened to her more. She left me for someone younger and more attractive. She won't speak to me at all anymore. Blocked me on everything. We lived together for 3 years. We were planning on getting married. The only reason I never proposed is because I was saving to get her a nice ring. She deserved it. I constantly miss her. I know I'll never find someone like her again. 

It kind of upsets me when people tell me I'll find someone. Just stop lying to me. Pity me if you do but don't lie to me. I have nothing going for me. I'm not attractive. I'm a grown man with acne. Yay. I'm poor. I'm uneducated. I'm unmotivated. Of course noone will want me. I know I should fix myself and be content with me before wanting anyone else. In truth, I don't. I want her. Only her. She gave me something to work towards. She encouraged me to go to therapy and get my shit together. I fucked up so bad by losing her and it's all I can ever think about.

I was suicidal when we were together, but she helped me. We both had problems. I guess I was too much of a burden for her. Maybe she just wanted the better looking guy. Who knows. 

I have no motivation. No ambition. My only real desire is death. I've felt this way for a long time and I can't really change it. I've tried. 

The only thing that brings me comfort is sleep.