I'm a coward.Hello. The formatting of this post may be weird because I am on mobile. Im in such a distraught mental state that I can't even write properly so my apologies in advance. 

I'm not sure how old your account has to be to post here, but I came to say I'm a coward. I am leaving this Wednesday because I am a coward. I'm saying this here on Reddit because it is my safe place and to be honest, there's nobody else in my dysfunctional life who cares. I can't even tell anyone my problems because they don't listen, they cut me off while I speak, they shout at me and give toxic, unhelpful responses. 

There's no point in telling my life story as it will all not matter anymore or to anyone once I'm gone. 

Anyways, I've taken the past 2 years to realize that some people cannot be helped and that I am one of those people. My life is beyond repair and drowned in misery. No matter who I talk to, they tell me the same things like:  

"Just ignore your problems" 
"Just join clubs." 
"Just talk to people."
"Change who you are." 
"Just don't care about those problems. You have other things to think about!" 
"People who or want to commit suicide are cowards." 

As if it's that easy to ignore my problems, join clubs with my social anxiety, talk to people, change who I am, or just not care. Its easier said than done. 
There's a reason why I care about my problems. That's because it's  the only thing I can think about. I have no friends, an unstable and  dysfunctional family, bad marks in school and much more...So what else is there to think about aside from that? 

The last statement got to me the most. I guess I am a coward. A coward for wanting to take my own life. A coward because my problems cannot be fixed. A coward because I'm taking the easy way out. A coward because I'm running away from my problems. A coward because I'm considered selfish thinking about how shitty my life is everday nonstop. A coward because I want to break down everday in tears all alone. I want to die. I just want to die. 

I feel empty. I'm just here. I serve no purpose. I'm just here. Living and breathing. Nothing to look forward to but watching fucking shows and reading, drawing, writing. The same thing everyday. That's it. I know it's a selfish act because I'd cause pain to some people but they never cared prior and I can't bare to keep feeling this feeling of living and breathing. Watching time pass me everyday. 

Wednesday, I'm going to either run on the main road in front of my school or I'm going to OD.

Thanks for reading this mess. If one person replies I'll actually feel touched. I will delete this post Wednesday night.