I don't know what to title thisI've been depressed since as long as I can remember. I've gone to the psychiatrist and gotten meds but I always end up not taking them. He's an asshole who doesn't give a shit about anyone but himself this guy.That's besides the fact now. Killing myself crosses my mind every single day, I can't remember a day that has passed when I haven't thought about it at least once. I've told my doctor this, all he says is here, take these. The only reason I haven't gone through with it is because of my parents. The last thing I want is for them to feel the brunt of it. My mother is the same as me at this point, she was crying tonight talking about how she feels unloved and all her problems stemming from her father, it really upset me. 

Tonight my brother called me to tell me that he was staying out and to tell my parents that he was staying out because they weren;t answering. I said okay. As I walked up to the house the thoughr crossed my mind, Maybe they killed themselves, maybe they died somehow. I love these people but at the same time I felt if that happened, I myself would be relieved because I could finally do what I need to do. I want to wait until they die until I do it but I feel I can't wait any longer. It's going to be at least a decade and I can't wait that long. I have no idea how I feel, it's a numb feeling if anything. I just wish sometimes I didn't care about them so I wouldn't feel bad about this. 

As cliche as it sounds, I myself am nothing in this huge system of life throughout. I don't see myself going to heaven or hell when I do it. I see myself becoming nothing, just ceasing to exist, and It gives me a great feeling when I think about it. 

I'm a college senior who is doing very well but I still see nothing for me, I don't want it. I drink myself to the point where I don't know who I am because it makes me feel at peace. At the same time I'll put myself through it inhopes I can pull a Nicholas cage in "Leaving las Vegas" and drink myself to death. 

The way I feel is too much to put into words at this point. I'm writing here because I am reaching out for help. Everyday for me is a day I don't want to live and it's getting to the point where I think I know what needs to happen. I've tried before but this time I don't think i'm going to go for chance and eat drugs and lots of alcohol like I've done before. 

