I might be suicidal, but that doesn't mean I want to die.A sentence I think quite a few of you will agree with. It's the title of an article I wrote, which I'll copy here (yes, I am posting this to many related subreddits because I think it's important. If this violates rules, please let me know, though I couldn't find any. From my blog at charlieVweiss.kinja.com, if you want to read more)

- I might be suicidal, but that doesn't mean I want to die. -

 “Death would be so much easier.”

That is almost always my first thought in the morning. As riddled with medical and mental health problems as I am, that really shouldn’t be surprising. Yes, it’s true. I’m suicidal. And for good reason.

The reality is, being alive for me is akin to legitimate fucking torture. Every move I make, every action I take, my body is screaming DON’T. WRONG. BAD. STOP. And that includes things that should make me happy— being in sunlight (STOP IT’S BLINDING), talking to friends (AGH NOISE THEY PROBABLY DON’T EVEN LIKE YOU), dressing up to go out (STOP BEING SO VAIN). If that was your existence, how do you think you’d react?

Well, if you were me, and you were fourteen years old, and someone in your family you had a really confusing relationship with just died, maybe your young life of neglect and despair would come crashing down on you all at once, and you would feel a sadness so deep you thought it would kill you, and when it didn’t, maybe you’d wish it had. And you’d be walking home from school one day, and come to a fork in the road, and think to yourself, “If I go left, I get on the bus, find a bridge, and jump off it. But if I go right… I go home. I figure out what’s wrong with me. I figure out the reason why there are people who think the world is beautiful.” And for some reason, some life-granting blessed reason, you choose to go right.

And you, an adolescent with a poorly run family and no one to teach you about medical and mental health care, use the one tool you’ve always relied on: Your brain. You start thinking. You think and you analyze and you critique your thoughts and you figure out what makes you better and worse, and you get rid of the latter. It takes a long fucking time. But you never stop thinking.

You think so hard that when you finally get some of that good ol’ Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, it seems really obvious to you. It’s kind of a let down.

You think so hard that you realize there’s no reason you shouldn’t be an engineer, even though your dad is telling you it’s a waste of a girl’s musical talent, and you find your dream school, and you get in!

You think so hard that you realize barely anyone else is thinking as hard as you are, and worse yet, they all think you’re thinking as little as they are, and they make all kinds of decisions on your behalf. It’s a huge mess, you think.

You think so hard, you realize now you’re still only twenty years old, not even legally old enough to be a bartender even though the local inn totally wants to hire you, or have graduated college (not that you get to, anyway), and people just have no idea who you are or why you are that way unless you tell them. So you start writing. You start writing in the first person, because this was obviously a story about me, and not you.

I’ve decided it’s time to tell you the truth about my life. Sometimes, it makes me want to die. That’s just how it is. But I have a secret that keeps me alive, despite everything that has led up to this article:

It’s called sheer fucking willpower, ma dudes, and I have it. You have it. Anyone who is currently alive and struggling in some way has it. It’s dedication, it’s pain tolerance, it’s hope— it’s the will to live.

Cultivate it.

Yours,

Charlie

*if you have a story to share, and you’re comfortable doing so (even anonymously), please write it in the comments