I am nobody.22 years old. 

I'm completely absorbed in my own bubble of self-loathing. Who would want to listen to me? I have nothing substantial to say. My friends tell me we should hang out sometime. They never call or text me. And when I call or text them to meet up, they never have the time. Am I that unbearable to be around?  

My mom has her own family and career to worry about now. Always stressed. Always busy. Whatever I say to her goes over her head. I do my best to put on a happy face for her so she doesn't have to worry about me. Because lord knows I don't think there's anything she can do to help me anyways. I've got a job and my own place, why should I complain? 

My dad is a cult-like Baptist fundamentalist. Sometimes I talk to him to say that I feel empty, depressed. He'll tell me I need to go back to God, and be around other Christians for support, and to keep praying. He knows what's good for me, and that I'm just resisting it. I end up wishing I'd never talked to him. 

I pay my therapist $120 per session. I pay her to nod and listen. At this point, I feel incredibly insulted that I have to pay someone to listen to me. And yet we're not getting anywhere. I feel empty when talking to her. I leave the room feeling empty. I've been seeing her for almost six months now, feeling worse than I did before. 

I hate the medication I have to take. To control my manic outbursts, and to keep me from being in bed all day. I've stopped taking them. Yes, I know, it's bad. But is it really much worse than feeling like an emotionless robot? They're there to keep me moving like clockwork. I hate it. The pills numb me. I feel even more existential. My doctor says I'll stop feeling existential eventually. 

Seriously? 

Last week I was "sick." I couldn't leave my apartment. I couldn't go to work. I'm afraid of the outside. Afraid to step out. Anxious of all the people I have to be around. I have to keep on a happy face in order to function. But every once in a while my coworkers will ask me if I'm "okay," because I obviously look sad. Because I am. But they want nothing to do with me. I don't blame them. If I were in their position, I wouldn't want to talk to someone who bums me out. That's what I've convinced myself. 

I've been suicidal before. Repeatedly. "Suicide is not the answer," people will tell me. Or some other trite thing. Who told you I was looking for an answer? I just don't want to "be" anymore.  

Ending it all feels like the most logical solution. We'll all die anyway at some point. I'm gone. They'll mourn. Then I'll be a tiny little speck in the history of everything, but eventually I'll be gone from memory. The world continues to move on. 

Fuck. At least I got that out of my system.