My Brain is Fried and All Souls are a LieI am just a husk of the human (?) I once was. I truly feel sociopathic, misanthropic, nihilistic, satanic. Pretty much every shitty quality you could bundle into a someone I have it. I feel like a creature, not like a human being, but I don't want to draw distinctions between the two. I see us for our instinctual natures. Helping other people is just a means to satisfy the ego, I don't believe true empathy exists anymore. I barely laugh and when I do it is usually at other people's expense, I never cry.

Medically speaking, I was diagnosed with OCD and depression a little while back and was medicated for it (clomipramine and lorazepam), but I don't want to go back to medication because I hate the concept of Big Pharma and the use of synthetic drugs. It just seems so inherently against nature to me, and I'm sure it has a high likelihood of fucking up our ecosystems when our drug-laden piss goes into marine ecosystems. My interactions with most people besides my very close friends have just become ones of awkwardness and tension. I mean, what are people really even talking about? I don't have the attention span to read a book, let alone listen to you talk about something that doesn't really matter just to grab my attention so you can look at my bonobo ass, or something. We're just so primal without even realizing it.

I can read peoples micro-expressions and how they feel so acutely now, that it's damaging to my mind. I see when people are angry, or jealous, or in "love", etc. Love isn't even real, it's just finding someone who can accept your freakish nature in the bedroom and otherwise be sedated with by mundane things. Whenever I'm around my parents I send out a vibe with my head that is like: "I hate you, you ruined my health, you ruined my face, I hate you, I want to kill you, I want to kill you."

I have nothing to say anymore. Singing used to be enjoyable but I find that difficult to do nowadays, I prefer to keep my mouth closed. I grew up in a very unhealthy household and my face suffered as a result (if you're unaware of this concept look up oral posture and mouth-breathing) and I find it such a struggle to breathe now. My parents always spoiled me growing up, but when it comes to something that I truly need (a hybrid appliance that will literally cut my mouth if I have bad oral posture) they don't see it as a necessity. They want to keep me looking like a handicapped, mouth-breathing freak for all time so I am reliant on them. They want me to always look like a child. I can't move my body in the way I'd like around them. No matter where I go people stare when they see I have good posture, I like the way it feels and I like interacting with the world in a sexual manner, and people in this American suburb cannot seem to handle it.

And I shit you not I'm not crazy about this. My brother is schizo-affective but I do know what triggers people. Having good posture around my father makes him aggressive and he can't handle the awkward silence. I remember plastering my tongue on the roof of my mouth such that it made my lips pout out more because my facial anatomy is reconfiguring and he asked me if "I had a problem?" I mean come on man, I'm just trying to look like a human being not like your freak child.

My father is a narcissist and my mother most definitely has repressed pedophilic tendencies she's not addressing, or tendencies to want to have sex with her children because she essentially wasted her life in this marriage. I find that I've inherited both of these aspects from them and know that I am a horrible person and I just don't care. I don't want to be a good person. What is good anyway? I'm just my shadow self, nothing else drives me other than pleasure.

I can't wait to get out of this monster house before it kills me. I wake up now and my body is in so much pain all over. It feels like I'm dying. I'm probably just going to jump in front of a train and let myself explode into little pieces and be free of this waste of life I am living. Humanity it going to shit anyway, no one can deny it. Children are the only people I feel like I can still resonate with, and I hate it because of my sexual way of viewing them and their sexual way of viewing me. I know it's there.

I see the world for what it is now. Everything we do is inherently sexual. 

As for what I'm trying to do. Yoga helps a lot, it lets me envision the way in which I would move my body for the reality in which I'm living. In other words, in child's pose I see myself not as the child but as the child underneath me. I find weed helps me tap into this side of myself but because I am around people who disapprove of this inherit human nature, I need anger to fuel the poses. I'm a bit afraid to smoke too much, though, as I'm worried it will affect the way my fucked up brain works even more. Considering my brother has schizophrenia and my other brother has anxiety, it doesn't seem like the best idea but I feel so weak otherwise.

I want to get a job at a grocery store and hopefully be able to stay in my house long enough to save $5,000. This is the amount of money it would take to restore my face to its natural state and hopefully allow me to breathe and move without too much conscious thought. Otherwise I have not much I want to do other than live a sustainable lifestyle and make music. I was pursuing a degree in environmental science, but now this seems impossible. If I can't go somewhere chill and hermit up in my own space, make beats, have sex, and take care of my body then I'm just going to kill myself because that's all I want. I don't need the useless human interaction or the pursuit of knowledge that is no longer captivating.

Does anyone else feel similarly?