Vulnerable Rambling Suicidal RantHave a wall of text, on me. 

I don't understand what the point of living is when I can't put a finger on what it is that makes me, me. Souls don't exist. I am just a pattern. Another biological algorithm succumbing to entropy. I can never escape my perspective, which is subject to my external influences and my chemical reactions responsible for my emotions. Emotions are unreliable and create more trouble than they are worth. Vitality, fulfilment, or satisfaction are these states of being or emotions? If you couldn't feel anything would you know you are vital, satisfied, or fulfilled? Humanity as a whole is trying to replace its self with robots. Implanting our brains to biomechanical immortal bodies seems to be our next big leap. We don't seem to be doing too well in finding a way to allocate resources to everyone that is satisfactory. How can we focus on any "great" advancement or achievement when we can't meet the basic needs of our brothers and sisters? Morality is a confusing concept. I feel like some things are obviously wrong. Then again logic and reason tells me that morality isn't black and white. It definitely shouldn't be based on subjective feelings. Especially if we are applying it to the masses. I've thought about the problem of pain. Pain can be beautiful. It doesn't deter me from living. What deters me is the constant tug of war inside of me, between living off the grid and playing the role of model citizen. Life as an ordinary citizen seems to be encumbered with bureaucracy. Off grid seems isolated. We are social beings. I don't know if I have what it takes to cut it in the wild. It's becoming hard to distinguish what perspective is really mine. To the point that I don't feel real. I did something stupid today. I will face the consequences for it. It was stupid on my part. In the grand scheme of things, it was pretty minor. Yet the effects will be lasting. I feel like a failure all the time. Even before this mistake. I feel like a burden. I don't feel Like I contribute to society in a meaningful way. I don't even enjoy just being for the sake of being. I have trouble giving meaning to my life. I feel constrained. Claustrophobic. Like a starving parasite unwilling to devour its host. I never thought I would live so many years. I always had a sense that I am not supposed to be here. Then there is the idea of not existing. The idea that choosing to not live is cowardly. This makes me feel even more worthless. So I persist. Despite my desire to end my life. I am torn between my perceived obligation to persevere despite my desires and my selfish wish to cease to exist. Also death....when you really give it some hard truth seeking thought.....is really scary. 

tl;dr  Why do you keep existing?