I used to be manipulative and I want to dieI used to be a manipulative person and now I want to die. I don’t know why it started.  I’ve been looking for reasons. My parents had a bad marriage and never got divorced, and it often distressed me because of how abusive they could be towards each other, but I wouldn’t say my childhood was the worst, just very unpleasant sometimes.  I have a chronic panic disorder too which gave me agoraphobia for awhile , but I won’t blame any of my fucked up stuff on that. I’ve been searching for reasons as to why I behaved the way I did, and I just don’t know. I’m 24 now, and from the ages of around 21 until now I used to lie, manipulate people, catfish people, catfished my friend for 2 years,   make up stories about my life just to trick people into feeling sorry for me and care about me, manipulate girls to have sex with me , emotionally manipulate people,  turn people against each other for fun, made fake accounts on fb to brag about myself because I felt like shit about my life .  and I literally wasn’t aware at all of how bad my behavior was.  I never once thought, hey this might hurt people or hey this is really fucked up, it felt as natural as breathing to me. I woke up a few months ago day and realized how fucked up it was. Just randomly. One of the only friends who still somehow stuck around told me that my behavior towards her made her depression so much worse once to the point where she felt more suicidal.  I just want to die knowing that. I apologized profusely but the fact that my behavior went as far as that is too much for me to handle. I get chronic migraines so have a lot of painkillers in my house and I just wanted to down them all this morning, I won’t do it, because I love my mom and I don’t want to kill myself knowing that that will make her miserable for the rest of her life, she’s suffered enough living with my father and doesn’t deserve that too. I just don’t deserve to be alive because I’ve hurt so many people. I’ve apologized to those that talk to me still, but there’s no way I deserve any happiness in life anymore. I just want to be a good person, but I feel like I don’t even deserve to live at the moment.