I've done everything I can. I'm done.I will tell part of my story. I'm 33, from a southern state, I'm black. I never fit in. Not in my family,  not in school,  not anywhere. I was molested as a child. I was bullied and beaten at school and at home cause I was different. My whole childhood all I knew was rage and hate, but deep down their was nothing, but sadness, fear, and loathing. I constantly, then and now, asked myself " Why won't people love me? Why am I so different? Why do I have to fight? Why am I not good enough?
You see, I was hate by everyone. My family hated me cause I was like them. I didn't think like them or talk and dress like them. I loved rock, metal, and country in addition to R&amp;B and rap. I love classical music. I watched "Nick@nite" instead of whatever was popular. I discovered anime in the late 80s and that was the extent of my cartoon viewing aside from the more popular tools of the time. I couldn't relate to anyone. I went to an all back school, so that all came into play. My teachers hated me cause they didn't understand me. They watched as I would fend off attackers on a daily basis, yet I was the one that got suspended. I can honestly say I never started at fight. I stop goin as a teenager. I avoided everyone cause I got tired of hurting both physically and mentally. In my family opinion it was my fault, cause I was different. I should try to fit in more, which I did. I tried my hardest. I played football, but that didn't last longer than a couple of practices. They figured out they could hurt me more cause we were on the field and I could do anything about it. Coach would just say "Toughen up". I was tough. I didn't back down and I held everything in like always till I quit. I tried band and wasn't good enough for that. I got picked on by band geeks. I got picked on by everyone cause at some point that was the thing to do. 

I didn't mention I have 2 older sisters that went to the same school as me. They went out of there way to avoid me cause they were cool and I wasn't.  They never wanted me around. My own mother told me she never wanted me cause I was a boy. She hated having a son. The one thing I was great at were plays. Every play we had I automatically got a part cause I could sing, yet no one every showed to watch and since I was good at that I got picked on for it and made to feel like shit till I quit that. I didn't every figure out I was handsome till my mid 20s. All I every got called was ugly. I never believed when people told me different. Part of me still don't and I have had my share of women. I have always felt disposable. Everyone I have ever met has left me. I loved the wrong people and am always alone. I completely believe in "fairy tale" love. I love the same woman for 10 years completely. She was my everything. It took her abandoning me to figure out how abusive she was. How I was just a convenience for her. Even though she did things to help me out, it was all just to string me along. That's what lead to my last suicide attempt. Part of what's leading to this one. 

I left my state to try and change things. Left my kids that hate me. Left my family who has repeatedly let me be homeless cause I'm worthless. I didn't have anywhere else to go and no one to turn too. I'm a crap person. I have nothing, but debt and sorrow. I'm living in a room that I can't afford, broke with no where to go from here. I am close to just trying to end it once and for all. I've tried 3 times. Each time I fail, I was saved. Save for what? There has never been anything for me in this life. I have tried. I've tried hard to find some sort of happiness when their is none. I'm tired of feeling like I don't matter. I'm tired of struggling.  I'm tired of not being good enough,  man enough,  black enough or whatever. I AM TIRED!!! I'm so tired and done. I find myself wishing I had a drug problem or alcohol problem. Something to blame all this on, but I don't. What is wrong with me? I've gone out of my way for everyone. I've tried and I can't have a single real friend. Not one person has stuck by me. I've seen people use and abuse other and they have people willing to give their life that that person. I can't even get a high five or a thank you. I can't find a decent job, when I do I get hurt and can't work for awhile. I can't afford to be wrong about anything ever. I can be right about everything 99% of the time, but the one time I'm wrong, I'm wrong about everything and I'm the dumbest person in the world. Idk. I'm rambling at this point now. I'm just tired and I don't know what to do. I know I what it to end soon. I don't know when but I know I want it too. This isn't a life. This isn't anything.