Saying stuff I’ve never said before I dieDon’t read this if you’re here to help me. I don’t want help. I don’t want advice or kind words. I just want to be able to vent and say stuff I never got the chance to before I die. So please just help someone else. Thank you.

How the fuck am I still alive? I didn’t think I’d make it past 12. Somehow, against every single odd, I’m finally an adult. I barely made it through my last year of high school. How am I still here?

I’ve been taking antidepressants on and off for a year now. I just get too depressed to take them, like why do I deserve them? What did I ever do to be able to deserve happiness? I didn’t do anything good, so why should I be rewarded with it. I finally was able to take them for a few solid weeks in a row now, and then they suddenly just stopped. I’m fucking depressed as hell now and I relapsed and cut myself for the first time in months. I can’t even do it with a knife, I just use my house key or my nails. That’s how much of a pussy I am. Imagine not even cutting yourself right.

I have lots of online friends that I know will miss me when I’m gone. I love them all and I hope they never find this message and have to read it. And I have a cat. She’s my baby and I love her more than anything. I have a dad who will likely follow in my footsteps if I suck up the courage and actually do it. I have a mom who I haven’t spoken to in months, I inherited my depression through her.

I’m a retard. I have autism. People like me are not needed in this world. Why the fuck should anyone waste more resources on a disabled freak like me? I’ve already taken so much oxygen and food and water to raise. I shouldn’t have to take any more.

I just wish someone else could have been born to my family instead of me. Not my mom, but my dad and his fiancé. They’re such good, kind people. They deserve a happy child who isn’t such a fuck-up. Anyone would love to be a part of this family. I wish I could just give this life to someone else who deserves it more than I do. Because now it seems it’s just going to waste.

I fell in love with someone last year. I’ve never been able to experience emotion or truly form a connection with anyone. But he changed my entire life. I love him so deeply and I would do anything for him. He’s so perfect in literally every way but he never saw it. He’s suicidal like me. He never loved me, and he eventually just left and I haven’t seen him for a long while. I always wished for his happiness whenever it was 11:11 or whenever I blew an eyelash. I hope he’s happy where he is. If I could drain my happiness out of me before I die and donate to him, i would. 

My mom doesn’t give a shit about me. She let some girl fucking assault me. She didn’t rape me or anything but she still touched me. I hate her so much but I miss her so much too. I don’t understand why I even care at all about her. I hated her before I finally moved out. I vowed never to see her or talk to her again. We talked so little when I lived with her that she would come to my room crying at night begging me to talk to her cus her girlfriend yelled at her again. And I just ignored her because she never fed me. Imagine ignoring your crying mother. I’m such a bad person. I deserve to die.

Am I even going to go through with it? I don’t know. I feel much more level-headed than the other times I considered it, so I might actually do it. I don’t know. The last time I tried I literally didn’t kill myself because I FORGOT. Imagine forgetting to kill yourself. It was probably not going to work out anyway, it was a bad plan. I’d get my blood drawn to donate, and since I’d be lightheaded anyways hopefully the following overdose would be easier? I don’t know. 

If you read all the way down to here... thank you. Please don’t respond or comment. I don’t want any help. I just wanted to say some things I never got to say when I was alive, even if no one will listen. I don’t want advice or to get better. But thank you for reading this. I’m sorry to waste your time. But thank you again. Good bye.