I don't want to die, I want to not exist.Let me start by telling you a little about myself. I'm XX years old, I've struggled with depression since I was 13. I'm highly introverted, I tend to keep to myself, and socializing has never been my strong point. With that being said, I abused drugs &amp; alcohol in order to cope with my social skills, and it somewhat worked. However this lead to lots of partying, and never actually doing anything with my life. I always told myself I would commit suicide eventually so what was the point of making something of myself?

Now that I'm older I've started to turn my life around for the most part. I stopped doing drugs, I've been clean for 2.5 years, I only drink socially and even then it's maybe once a month. I just generally take better care of myself, I stopped eating garbage food, I take my medication properly, I go to the gym every other day. I actually have a solid plan for my life, and I know what I have to do get there. 

My biggest problem right now is my inability to find a job to start paying for the things I need to get to the next step. I'm trapped in a financial straitjacket. I owe the college here money that I can't afford to pay back, but I can't get a job without any education, but I can't get an education without a job , see the issue? It's the same thing with moving to a better area, I can't move to a better area without money, I can't get money where I'm living, etc,. Where I live is suffering from a pretty bad recession, suicide rates have increased the last year, unemployment rates are the highest my area has seen in decades.

Which brings me to my next problem, my brain. Why can't I shake off these feelings of not wanting to exist. I've accepted the fact that I will probably never kill myself, so I am stuck in this weird limbo. I feel so alone too but I don't want to be with anyone, it's a bizarre feeling. I just feel so out of sync with everything. I've been trying to be more social but I just don't feel like I fit in anymore. I have never quite felt this way before and I'm not sure how to deal with it. I'm worried that even when I overcome my financial issues, I will still feel this way.

Ultimately I don't know why I'm posting this, I just have no one to talk to I guess, and I need to let it out.