DissociationOk so I'm going to tell my life story from the begining. So my mother had her first kid at 12 and had me by the age of 14 and eventually went on to have five more kids by the age of 21 and we were all takin away and sent for adoption. But before that my biological family had me up to the age of 4, and I was already messed up in the head because I was getting abused by my aunt because my mom got pregnant by her sister best friend and she was jealous and took it out on me. And on top of that my family would just let me cry as a baby for hours on end and I ended up getting an outtie belly button.  The reason we were taking into custody by DCFS is because my aunts boyfriend smothered one of my sisters in front of me and my sister and I remember all of it. At the time I had no idea what was happening. But as time went on and I got older I put the peices together. But anyways my aunt dropped us off at DCFS and her and her husband went on the run. Since then I had went through 6 foster homes before getting adopted. These are the things i remember happening ( i had to put shoes on this fat women cause she couldnt do it) (i remember drinking either pee or bleach and i kept throwing up and the adpoted agencies were called ) The people that adopted me fostered me and my sister cierra together at first and decided not to keep her cause they thought she had to many issues. When they were fostering me my supposed to be mom was abusing us. I had issues with peeing the bed and she thought I'd do it on purpose but I wasn't and would lie to her and tell her I didn't pee cause I was scared of her. Anyways as time went on they adopted me and my two other sisters got adopted together. And the other people I was with adopted me and they would let us visit and play. My sisters would have makeup and jewelry and I wanted the same but my mom wouldn't let me. Then my mom cancels the play dates and said she didn't want me seeing my sisters again. At that time I had no idea why....I was like still 4. Her reason behind it was because every time I saw them I would come back and act worse. The family I was in they had 4 kids themselves then went ahead and adopted another black daughter like me so I wouldn't feel left out being the only black daughter (so they say). My adoptive dad also had another daughter when he was 17 by another women so she was considered my half sister. So in total I had 6 siblings which made 7 kids total. My three oldest sister ages are 38 25 20 and I'm 19 then 16 and two 14 year old. All girls and 1 boy is 14 and the black girl is 14.  By the time I started school when I was five I was adopted and my name was changed to kalyn. I was so talkative in school and was always getting in trouble. I was a very outgoing kid who was always happy. And always saying smart shitt. I was cursing alot when they first adopted me at 4 and they would make me eat spoonfuls of soap and make me do it and id be crying. That was the kind of environment I was around I didn't know better. I would also make fun of there daughter who at the time was 6 and she was really fat. But they would say stuff about me ..because im guessing theyd never really been around a black person. I felt out of place and ill tell you why. So growing up I was a hyper kid. They saw it and couldn't handle it. By the time school was over they didn't think I was ready for first grade and held me back. In school i was talkative didnt listen and through tantrums. I never got any attention at home except negative attention when my mom was trying to help me with my homework. She would even at home belittle hit and pick because I was that bad to her. Shed get frustrated while doing homework and so would I cause I just couldn't get it and she wasn't patient and would just hit scream and belittle me. By the time I was in 1st grade I was on medicine. I had ADHD and take pills for it. I also had bipolar disorder, oppositional defiant disorder, and compulsive disorder. they put me on all thus medicine when I started school to mellow me out. When I was taking the ADHD pills it would make me not hungry and I wouldn't eat. And my mom would force me to eat and I would sit there for hours at the table crying because I just felt so stuff and couldn't eat. Everything I did annoyed her. I did weird shitt as a kid. I'd talk to the TV. I sucked my thumb would walk on my tippy toes and she fixed all those except the thumb sucking I did that on my own. But anyways back to my too story I would throw my lunches away cause I wasn't hungry and tell them my mom wasn't caring for me cause she didn't give me lotion and stuff. So i got in trouble for that and she also had people in the school watching me to make sure I eat. When I was 6 I was sick and had to stay in my room all day watching Winnie the pooh and I didn't wanna be up there so I started screaming and crying. I wasn't allowed to go downstairs at all. So she kept telling me to be quiet and I wouldn't and she finally came upstairs and started hitting and shaking me. She called the adopted agencies right in front of me and tried to get rid of me and they wouldn't take me. I was getting into sooo much trouble EVERYDAY and getting yelled at I started day dreaming a little bit in my head. I would play with my fingers when I got in trouble and was basically always doing something. I was a bad kid I even chewed up one of the wooden beds they had cause they used to send me to my room as a kid. And I continued to get in trouble in school. I made lots of friends in school it came naturally to me as a kid. Im a gemini 😂. I had got so close to a group of girls in school that they were threatening to beat my adopted sister up cause I told them she would pick on me at home and when I'd react I'd get in trouble for it. So they were gone beat her up on the bus and ended getting in trouble for it and my mom got a call home and I was in trouble. By the time I was 7 I really just started shutting down and just living in fear cause everything I did was wrong. They kept changing my medicine cause they thought it needed to be stronger and wed have to drive places going to therapy. The medicine was so strong it'd have me so knocked out I was drooling during the day so the switched it again. This time my neck would just spazz turn itself and just get stuck and lock. They had to rush me to a hospital and I got a shot and it was fixed.by the time I was 7 I was lieing and stealing to. But I was stealing stupid shitt from the house. Get caught and get in big trouble . ## NOT FINISHED JUST TIRED GN