I'm deadThis is a throwaway account. In a couple short months I'll be dead. This post is simply just a record of sorts and serves to prepare myself mentally.

I failed to enlist. I'm almost 26 years old and I remember the day when the twin towers fell. I was nine. Enlist. Train. Fight. Kill. Die. These words have been in my head since that day. Long story short; I didn't make it. 6 attempts for the Army, 4 attempts for the Marines. And for good measure 1 attempt each for the Navy and Airforce. Had open heart surgery when I was 7, fully recovered but the re recruiters didn't care. Also was slapped with a juvie record when I was 15, in the eyes of the Military I was corrupted. I've let everyone down. I can never repay the debt if those who died for me nor support those who made it in. I'm a irredeemable disgrace.

College. I 've tried once before but thanks to my parents' crashed credit score and their incompetence I was kicked out. I was 19 at the time. Tried to enlist a few more times as mentioned above but didn't make it. I'm currently attending another school now. School is expensive and I'm having great difficulty covering the costs, it's my second year and yet somehow I'm hanging on. To add salt to injury I'm useless at taking tests. Don't have a home to call my own though. I'd rather die than live with either my parents again or live with my younger siblings. Besides I'm on the other side of the U.S. from them. After this semester I'll have no place to go and I'll gladly die than be a homeless bum. Tried to find a place to stay but no luck. I'm a forgotten vagabond.

I suck with people in general. I'm polite and professional so I have no problems at talking to people yet I am unable to foster real relationships. I don't mean the romantic kind ( that's included). I mean actually friendships, contacts, relatives, or whatever. And yes that means I suck with girls so I'm a virgin lets hear the jokes. Note that this aspect of myself is a very minor reason why I'm killing myself, see prior reasons above. 

I've lost all will to live. Barely drag myself to work. Don't follow a regular exercise routine. Cannot focus to study. I am worthless. Don't give a damn what family thinks or what everyone thinks. I'm done with failing at life. I've the plan in place I will die. Goodbye.
