:( This came to me in a half-asleep state. Read if you want to.:( I don't know why I am writing this...or if there is a point...or what I am still doing here (was foiled every time I wanted to grab my pills yesterday by kids coming in...having to help with supper...etc.) or...what I am still doing beating this dead horse. No pun intended. You don't need to reply. I think everyone has been super-nice here and they  have said everything that they can say to me. I was just told by a friend that I am not listening to him no matter what he says and that I am determined to kill myself...and he stopped short of saying "just go do it already..." I think if he HAD said that...I wouldn't be posting right now. He took this all as a failure on his part and made me feel so bad and guilty. He brought up my family and I "yelled" at him saying that I have to hear that constantly and doesn't he think that this is all tearing me up inside? I KNOW it would hurt them...I didn't need that guilt too. You see, he has a HUGE crush on me ever since he'd seen my videos on YouTube, and now he keeps trying to get me to talk dirty to him and be sexual with him over Messenger on Facebook. I keep telling him that I like him as a friend but that I am NOT interested in doing any of that stuff because I am married with a family, which he acknowledges fully!! He makes me uncomfortable. He said he is sorry when he makes me uncomfortable and creeped out, then he continues doing it anyhow. I don't want to lose him as a friend (he is a subscriber on my YouTube channel and helps me with my video stuff too) but I am not sure I can continue since he knows how much I want to die and our friendship has gotten really...weird now. It is awkward almost.

 I can't seem to go through with my plans though, no matter how much I really want to (not very much right now--I feel more cotton-headed than usual) because every time I try, something stops me...I get interrupted...something happens that stops me. My mind won't even let me think about doing it now. Literally! It's like when I try to think about things, my mind goes elsewhere or I hear a high-pitched buzzing and even kind of whispering, but distant and soft. This whispering isn't telling me to do anything specific, it is more like in a church before the service starts and everyone is having soft conversations that have nothing to do with you. 

Anyhow, this story came to me in a half-asleep state (I am also extremely sick with a horrible cold that I have had for about 3 or 4 days now and I spend a lot of my day half-asleep)...can you figure out who the subject is?


Just how long have you been feeling this way? Not sure, but she has been at this a long time. As a teenager, she was never taken seriously when she threatened suicide. They put her away in a hospital many times, but nobody believed she was serious. She was just looking for attention. She was cutting herself for the attention it brings. Many hospitals, no real help. She won't talk to a professional in fears of getting locked away again. It is a vicious cycle that keeps repeating, even though now she is way past the age where teen angst and young problems like this are "acceptable" and even though now she has a family to help support and run. These episodes had slept for periods of time as she had borne children, which were the happiest days of her life after getting married. The problems were always there, just buried deep in maternal instincts that not even the darkness could touch.

Now, however, she is cutting once again. She goes through these cycles every few years when the weight of the darkness just can't be tolerated anymore. Long, angry cuts on her arms but nowhere else. Nowhere else is satisfying enough as her arms and the backs of her hands...and her wrists. The cuts hurt, but oh, the pain is lovely and welcomed. Every time that (cutting tool) cuts deeper, it is like a thousand suns shining on her and like her soul can finally fly free...if only for a few minutes. She doesn't care about her problems at home and everything that needs repairs but aren't able to be fixed because the money is just not there. She doesn't think about the fact that her children might come in and find her bloody. It is total freedom.

Then, after a short time, she crashes back to Earth and all the problems from which she had just flown free all come crashing back in on her. All the repairs. The money problems, which aren't TERRIBLY significant, but are there. The need to care for little souls every day of their lives until they are old enough to fly away from the nest. The fact that if they HAD found her bloody and half-out-of-it, that they would have been scarred for life. All of it. Crashing, crushing, tumbling...making her fall back down the pit she was just climbing out of and making her feel helpless and hopeless.

Now we find her laying across her bed, staring at her laptop as she tries to find the motivation to do the one thing she thought made her happy. She stares at the screen where her favorite thing is all ready for her, but she just looks at it, or right through it, and sees nothing but blackness. The darkness has come for her again, and this time, she doesn't know if she even has the will or strength to fight it again. She feels like just giving in and doing what it is telling her she should have done years ago as a teenager...end her life. End her suffering. She thinks of her kids and how they would scream. She can hear them screaming, not in her head, but in her heart. She thinks of her husband, who is trying to be so supportive of her right now, but who also has no clue exactly how to do that. It isn't enough now. It is too little, too late, and she feels herself slipping further and further away from them...and into the blackness which is waiting for her.

She grabs the pills...the only other way she can think of right now and...

...Curtain drops...

Scene.


Sigh. It felt good to type that.

I took my husband to a movie yesterday. We had a real date (day out together while our 16 year old and her girlfriend, who is 18, babysat her siblings) for the first time in forever. It was so nice. I had a nice time. The movie was awesome too but the mood was ruined by the fact that our water heater has broken and we have NO hot water right now. Thank goodness it's under warranty still and will be replaced as soon as we get someone to help hubby take it out of here.

Sorry for the wall of text.
Thanks for everything guys. You don't know how you have all made these past few days almost tolerable for me. I am trying to hold out for Friday. Have that T appointment.

~LG