I'm Tired Of Being Human and Ashamed Of My Family 

My entire life has been really painful and right now it's just such a nightmare. I really need help but don't even know where to start because of how overwhelmed I am. Im in my mid twenties and have studies psychology for a long time but for some reason I always avoided PTSD because I thought it was just wars or rape. This year I learned about CPTSD and it hit me how traumatized I am and how it's inhibited my life.

To start off I learned last year that when I turned two I started getting night terrors. I was generally shy as a kid, very reserved, my parents are pretty dysfunctional. My dad is a narcissist and my mom is codependent, they both lack boundaries and are both pretty emotionally unavailable. My father especially had really bad anger problems that have tapered off as hes gotten older but he still has a quick temper and cant really regulate his emotions. He constantly spills his negative emotions onto others in the family. Growing up I had really horrible acne which made my somewhat low self esteem go lower than I had ever experienced.

The acne lasted through highschool into my early twenties. During this time I felt like an ugly monster and while I had friends I didnt really have any close friends or girlfriends and I generally felt alone. I had gotten a decent scholarship to a community college even though I didnt do well in high school. I was a gifted kid but always hated school. At one point I was heavily considering dropping out of high school because it was pointless but my parents would have never let me do that. Well I ended up dropping out of college after failing all my classes towards the end of the semester. I was horribly depressed and smoking weed every day to numb my pain.

For a few years I tried to go back to college and try different fields while working different jobs. I felt stuck and powerless in my familys home because no one had prepared me for the real world. My parents threw me to the education system in hopes that would raise me instead of doing it themselves. I ended up taking on some debt to move out and happened to start a business at the same time. This actually worked great for the first 15 months or so. Then my business failed after I moved cities and my life has crumbled apart. I'm in debt living back with my family and my life is a nightmare.

I feel like my parents should have never got with each other and made me and my siblings, theyve provided for me materially but destroyed me emotionally. They are clearly miserable with each other and im sure theyve been on the brink of divorce before. I feel broken. Killing myself feels like an ample message of their failures as parents. I dont even feel like having relationships with anyone because of how much i've been hurt in the past. I dont even feel like a relationship and having kids because my parents are genetic and mental failures, thats in my DNA. Why pass that on? I can end it with me. I dont know. This is how I feel and ive felt like this for a long time. I dont know what to do. I feel beyond overwhelmed. Is there any hope for me? Or am I too far gone?