I'm so fucking tired fuck this shit fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckposting this on main because i literally dont give a shit anymore


i hate my life i hate it so fucking much and nothing ever gets better, it only gets worse and worse and worse and worse. 17-year-old me was suicidal and she didnt even have half of the problems i have now. if only i had succeeded at that attempt back then and i wouldnt have to live through this shit. 


my so of 6 years broke up with me in march. cheated on me too. ok cool no biggie was only the 6th relationship where this happened. being cheated on and then left that is. i hate my college major. i am too close to my degree to quit but i hate it with every single fiber of my existence and i have doubts i ever WILL finish. my parents hate me. i have no friends. i lost my job two weeks ago. will be in big trouble if i dont find something *fast* because i'm like perma-broke. 


i met someone not too long after my ex was gone. had a rough start. mostly because of me. having a rough patch right now. mostly because of me, too. we are thinking of breaking up. can't blame him. i have depression, anxiety, anger issues, insomnia. in addition to various physical illnesses. being with me is exhausting, unrewarding, awful. i cant blame any my exes for leaving tbh. i would leave me too. i just want to be loved but i am simply not worthy of it. the anger issues are the worst. when i am angry nothing else but hate exists for me. there is no calming me down. there is no delaying the discussion until i have calmed down. i am nothing but full of rage when i am like that. no one deserves that, and he does not deserve that. he deserves better than me, i know that and simultaneously i fear the day he finally realizes.


I should never have been born. my dad didnt even want kids but my mom persuaded him. fuck you mom dad was right all along. i am a walking mental health issue. i will never be of value to anyone. too difficult to be a friend or a girlfriend. too lazy for a good employee. too ugly for a trophy wife. there is literally no place for me in this fucked up world and honestly that's not even the world's fault that it is not a fucking alchemist that can turn a pile of shit into gold. 


i have tried therapy multiple times, never helped. tried to look for it again, got discouraged by bureaucracy and waiting times. i'm on medication but it doesnt help. i'll probably stop taking them soon. whats the point lol.


i'm too much of a coward to try. yet. maybe something will happen that will push me over the edge, literally, hopefully. I am sick and tired of this bullshit, sick and tired of being a prisoner in my own fucking mind.


thats the rant for today. if y'all find spelling mistakes you can keep em, i'm not a native speaker and also downed half a bottle of vodka just to be able to sleep. good night.