I spun my web to perfection. Now I am terrified of it.So I am not expecting pity or remorse here, Simply want to get this off my chest.

So long story short I was diagnosed with a form of cancer, I received treatment and It was pretty much handled before it could grow to an extent to cause me problems.

I handled this entirely on my own and despite living in the same small town as my family that didn't actually hear about it until after I had received treatment. 

I have always, Bluntly wanted to die, I have no interests, I have no passion, Perfection to me is sleep. Literally I am pretty much certain I am a sociopath to some degree. I think of myself as the lowest form of human possible.

I grew up very close (in terms of relationship) to my grandparents, Upon each of their deaths my thoughts immediately went to "Sweet I can use this as an excuse to get away with being lazy" followed by "For that to work people actually have to think I am sad, I better mope around a bit publically".

My personality is garbage, I haven't been interested in anything whatso ever since I was 9 and I have no issue manipulating anyone and everyone that I can to purely benefit myself, HELL I DID 9 MONTHS CHARITY WORK SO I COULD HAVE A GOOD CHARACTER WITNESS FOR A CERTAIN EVENT WHICH I PREDICTED WOULD LAND ME IN COURT!.

Now we have established my deplorable nature. The story you all want regarding my current situation. 

I decided that the fact my family had began the grieving process regarding me having cancer, I could seize this opportunity to commit and "acceptable" suicide. So over the last 3 months I have spun an intricate web of lies to create a story of failing health, which hell I even managed to get my lawyer to believe.

I have filed certain forms which upon religious grounds will greatly limit autopsy prying, I have sorted out how I will be found etc. 

All that is left now is to die and my web of lies will cushion the fall for my family, Again I wish I could say it was for my families benefit however that is a side effect, My real merit is knowing that I will die a death which people will understand and consider acceptable thus not diminishing my character. 

All that is left now is to leave and here comes the part that is absolutely hilarious? I AM FUCKING TERRIFIED OF DYING NOW?? 

I have no issue dealing with the pain and I know it is most likely anxiety but jesus, I am literally shaking in fear? 

Again I don't expect, Nor want, Feelings of pity, Hatred if you must, I already know that I am literal garbage in every sense. 

I just thought I may as well share my tale before I go.