Running on fumes...Ay this point in my life all I'd rather do is die. Allow me to explain sort of. 
I was a happy little boy with prob a good future ahead of me. Then at the age of 13i was diagnosed with cancer. Didn't think much of it until high school and at that point I sort of felt I was fucked. Depression hit me hard after the treatment was over. So hard and at once I didn't know wtf was going on. Anxiety came along with it. I lost all motivation to do anything. Started daydreaming all day long in classes. Wasn't suicidal yet. Come sophomore year I first tried weed and holy shit I loved it. Not much at first but weed would play a critical role in all of this. Summer before junior year I made a friend online on cod. Who was just as fucked up as I was in terms of mental health.(besides him I only have like 1 friend I personally know at this point) so im feeling like shit and I my parents are anti weed so I was lost. I should let you know I was taking hydrocodone at this point because of my recent cancer thing. I didn't have a script, but my dad did for multiple back surgeries. This summer I took as many hydros as possible and played cod. Great summer. I continued to experiment with all drugs ranging from weed to opiates to shrooms to stimulants. Up until senior year I did just enough to not have to go to summer school but not enough to avoid night school at the end of every first semester. I lost all hope by this point because I knew even with my decent act score my gpa was too low to do what I wanted to do. So I gave up completely. After graduation I just kept popping pills, which I had been caught by dad at this point, and hoped to just chill for a bit with no school. Fuck was I wrong. My parents pushed me to get a job so I could stop asking for money for pot. So I said w.e and got a job. Didn't last long and a couple months later I ended up in the hospital for a week for suicide. I didn't even do anything but my mom worried I guess. I should say my parents and I don't have a bad relationship but we aren't great either. Come 2015,in order, I went to the er for a week cuz of suicide, o came out and did nothing but drugs,didn't get a job till July at dunkin donuts and ended up in the er again a week ago with withdrawals from morphine which I had been taking for a couple of months at oral high doses. At this point my dad is on lock down with his meds which is fine by me. I prefer it. But I hate this fucking job so much. Having to deal with all these people in my fragile state drives me nuts. I haven't slept in a week thanks to withdrawals and I feel like balls at work right now. It's rather die but don't want to kill myself. I just want to br gone or be left alone. Fuck this job. Fuck drugs. Fuck everything. Besides me 30 minute weed highs everyday. There's nothing left for me I feel. I'm lost.