I am suicidal, but only from time to timeThis whole thing might seem a bit childish or pathetic. I hope it is not. If it is, I am sorry. But for me it is serious and I don't know what to do about it.  And maybe this is not the right sub for this, but since it has to do with suicide I will just continue to write in here. 

So, I am m21, a student, failed last year and the year before (in another study) last year the exams, and now repeating, got exams in 2 months, have a shitload to do for it, but I can't start because I don't see the sense in it.  But I know, if I want to study something, then it is the major I am studying right now. 

Since ever I had big difficulties in finding friends. I never had a lot of friends and always my friends stopped talking with me, disappeared or moved away from me. Until today, there was not one day a friend asked me to come out or to do something together. It is always me. But I have no clue why no one wants to be friends with me. I would not consider myself socially awkward or so, but I am not the type of guy who just goes up to someone and starts talking. Right now, I have a friend. She is wonderful, we were friends with benefits, she cares about me, we do even talk from time to time about marrying together. But she was/is also suicidal. So, I don't want to speak with her about my problems. If I could, I would marry her, but the problem is my parents. They are very conservative. And they care a lot about their social reputation. In our culture (Indian) social reputation is commenly seen as the most important thing. 

And since my friend was already married once and is a bit older than me, they would not allow me to marry her. I have thought about just not care what they say and marry her anyway, but I think that would destroy my parents. 

Today morning I was taking the train, and when I was waiting for it, I seriously considered to just jump in front of it. However I didn't, because jumping in front of a train is very selfish and has negative impact on a lot of people. I felt very sad the whole way to the university. However, there I saw my friend in the library, and instantly, my sadness and depressedness disappeared. But, I am sure, one day she want be there, and I will actually suicide. 

I don't except a answer, I just wanted to rant, to say to someone how I am feeling. Thanks for reading. 