Deliberately sabotaging my own mental health21 (M), and i'm deliberately putting myself in situations to make my mental health worse because I want to really have the courage to kill myself.

I've been suicidal for as long as I can remember. Never seen a professional though, so i'm not diagnosed yet with anything. However, my mental health and suicidal ideation has been its worst since being in quarantine. I was triggered by something stupid my neighbor did about 2 months ago, and after that everything just came spiraling down, the classic anxiety domino effect way. I thought about my problems with myself, my family, my career, the world in general. 

I realized a lot of things, particularly that my life WILL suck in the future. Even if I get past today, or this problem, or my next birthday, I will always have my mental issues. Not only that, there's also just the general struggle of living. Getting an OK job, living with people, maintaining yourself. And then there's that eventual thought that my physical health will eventually fail me (it's starting to show signs now). LIFE IS JUST TOO MUCH SUFFERING. I WILL suffer one way or another in the future. It's just a matter of time. 

So I decided that suicide is the best way to go. I want to call it off now and not suffer for the future and wait for my death decades from now. No, I want to be gone NOW. I don't want to have anything to do with this life. I DON'T WANT MY MENTAL HEALTH TO GET BETTER. Being depressed just makes me realize how true my fears are. It makes me more realistic. It makes me listen to the truth that this life is terrible, and it will always be. That's why even though I had my depressed episodes before, this time I'm not doing anything to make it better. I'm not gonna fight it off anymore. I'm going to let it take control over me until it gets so bad that I'm not longer afraid to kill myself. That I won't be afraid of the pain. I know how much benefit there is to dying now, and how little there is to try to keep my head afloat in life. If anyone's wondering how I'm doing now, I've been worse. I avoid my family at all costs. I lock myself up in my room, eat one meal a day at 3am just so I don't interact with anyone. I've been having an ear and jaw problem that I'm refusing to tell to anyone. I sleep at 8am regularly. No one knows how bad my thoughts are because I don't talk about it. I refuse any help or symphathy from my mom or my siblings. 

To be honest, I'm not as mentally beaten yet. I KNOW i can fight this. I KNOW i can resist.But I DONT WANT anymore. **I don't want to try to live because I know that dying as soon as I can is better.**