I was so sure last year would be my last christmasI was so sure that I'd kill myself as soon as I was back on campus. I spent the whole holiday looking at things feeling dull and miserable and thinking 'wow, this'll be the last time I see this'. But I never did it, I chickened out cause I'm just more afraid of the nothingness and pain of dying than I am of continuing to live. Which sucks. I can't commit to anything. Now I'm here still alive going through the same shitty season again. 

I'm doing marginally better, I guess, but still think about killing myself fairly often. I look back at what I've done over the past year and though I've done some good stuff I don't... care about any of it. Nothing justifies being grateful that I'm still alive, cause I'm not, I still hate being myself. Nothing changed that. I finished an entire fall semester without flunking out of it for the first time in 3 years, and I'm proud of that, but I still feel meh more often than not. I'm still scared of everything. I'm still paranoid, still afraid of the future, still cringing every couple of hours at all the horrible stuff I've done in the past. I'm not *as* passionless as I used to be, which is good. Still not really wanting to be alive though, just too scared to commit to anything, including my own death. Or maybe I don't want to die at all and I'm just being melodramatic cause it's easier than working on myself. Probably that one.

I'm terrifying of going home in two days for Christmas because being around my parents is hell. They're not bad people or parents or anything like that, they do nothing wrong, but I still dread being around them. It's exhausting smiling for that long around my dad, watching and policing everything I say. He has an insane instinctive talent for knowing exactly what anyone around him is insecure about and bringing it to the forefront of conversation as a joke. It's as impressive as it is miserable. I doubt he knows what he's doing, and it isn't all the time, but still. It can be debilitating. My mom terrifies me, I hate listening to her talk. She scares me so so so much just by talking about herself; she makes me feel like I'm drowning and there's no way out, that everything is hopeless, that the world is hopeless that my life is hopeless and there's nothing I could ever do about it because it's ingrained into my bones. They're both hell. 

The only thing I miss about home are my brothers, but we've grown so far apart that I'm pretty sure whatever relationships we did have are down to nothing. I'm an outsider to them, which is fine. It makes it easier when I eventually croak it- and they're happy, I can tell they're happy, and that makes me so so happy for them. They're okay, they're going to be okay. Having to live awkwardly in the house for the next couple of weeks around them when I'm so out of place is going to suck a little though. 

I don't even like Christmas, the whole season fucking sucks. There's a voice in my head that reminds me that I've still got time to make last year my last Christmas, but I'm not going to off it. I already said I'd go home, and I can't kill myself while I'm there. So here's to another shirty fucking holiday, sometimes I think itd be nice to die in my sleep.