My gf (now recently ex) told me that everything I've ever done was manipulative and I want to dieMy parents (especially my mom) are both very manipulative. I know how much it hurts.

When we broke up the first time my downward spiral continued and I spent 6 months drugged up and cutting myself. Not because of the relationship, but because I hated my life. I attempted suicide a few times with one real one that I intended to actually do it. Without going into too much detail, I let my life fall apart and she knew all about it through mutual friends. 

When we got back together earlier this year, I vowed to be a better boyfriend than last time, and shower her with the same unconditional love as before without the same bad behaviors like sympathy seeking and stress. I did a very good job. I was almost always agreeable and supportive, very helpful and attentive, regularly asking what I could do to make her situation better (even if I didn't like it much, such as giving her space when she needed it). But things still fell apart. 

Now she's telling me that I've always been manipulative. I did those things before and 'made sure' they got back to her just to make her feel bad for us breaking up the first time. 

She's telling me that my love and support were just trying to nurture dependency and convincing her that she can't live without me. Telling me my love was fake. 

This is my worst nightmare come true. I've worked very very very hard to not only avoid manipulating people I love, but doing things that could accidentally make someone feel like I was trying to manipulate someone. Its why I went to therapy, it's one of the reasons I got clean and stopped cutting, because it hurt the people I cared about. 

And now the person I've always trusted implicitly is telling me that I'm manipulative. Just like my mother. Just like the grown man that abused her when she was little. And I want to die, because I know that everything I've ever done is genuine and free of malice. But what could I have done to make her feel this way. And ever scarier, what if I was? What if I was so mentally ill and unaware that I went around manipulating people thinking that I loved them. That's what makes me want to go grab my dad's gun and blow my brains out. Not losing the girl I love in the whole world, not even her saying hateful hateful things to me. The fear that what if she's right? I don't know if this fear will ever leave me now. It's always been there but I'd been able to tell myself that I was working hard enough to avoid it and my feelings and actions were genuine. But now it's in my face and I'm terrified. Either she's wrong and I'm going to live the rest of my life afraid to love people because I'm afraid for manipulating people/making it seem like I'm manipulating them, or she's right and I'm the monster she says I am. 

Either way I'm not sure if I'll recover and that makes me want to shoot myself. Right fucking now.