“Who’s Natasha?”Psychiatric hospital. Sitting with my in-patient psychiatrist as she thumbed through my patient pamphlet I had filled out. She got to the question that asked me to list my triggers. 

1.	Weddings
2.	Haircuts
3.	Natasha

“Who’s Natasha,” she asked, looking up at me through her glasses. “How long of an explanation do you want?” I responded with a smile. “Short.”

I’m transgender. I was born in a male body, but felt far more comfortable with identifying as a woman. “Gender dysphoria” is the clinical term for the psychological experience someone feels when there’s an incongruence with their gender. It can be very powerful and damaging, and it can lead to depressive and suicidal thoughts. 

Weddings make me dysphoric, to see all the beautiful heteronormativity and tradition that I don’t think I’ll ever get to experience. Haircuts make me dysphoric, as they only remind me how ugly my hair is and how slowly it’s growing. Natasha makes me dysphoric too. She is the single person who makes me more dysphoric than anyone else in the world. 

I met Natasha before my transition, as a guy. Even then I felt that we were very similar in our personalities. As I transitioned I realized that she was the person I wanted to be. She was the person I was *supposed* to be. I see her life and I’m existentially envious. I see her beautiful dresses, her close friends, and her loving boyfriend. That was supposed to be *me*. That was supposed to be *my* life, but it was robbed from me when I lost the genetic coin toss in the womb. 

November 24th, 2019. A picture of herself and her friends she posted on Instagram broke me. I couldn’t take it anymore. I sobbed in bed for a while, and decided that I was going to kill myself in a few weeks, on my birthday. 

Through a fair amount of drama, I ended up in the hospital. I spent my 25th birthday committed to a psych ward. I’ve never told Natasha what she does to me. Instead I just decided to stop talking to her, as a form of self care. If I think about her too much I can get suicidal again, so I try to avoid that. 

*“I will love myself despite the ease with which I lean toward the opposite.”*