(One Year Reflection) My suicide attempt at 16, Coping with depression, Learning how to enjoy my life again.I had no idea how to handle depression, I was confident I would never again  be genuinely happy   

**I’m writing in hopes of reaching  a  teenager struggling with suicidal thoughts or actions **


I lived large part of my short life not understanding how everybody seemed to be happy with themselves and their life’s, I never had any major issues growing up and felt like I had no reason to be upset with my life. 
      I started my freshman year of high-school and these feelings seemed to be turning into a never ending cycle of self loathing, restless nights and isolating myself from my favorite hobby’s and friends. Quickly I started believing this downwards spiral I was on would never end. This hopeless feeling led to me thinking I could only fix these problems with suicide. 
        I started going to the physiatrist every week, I was never truly honest with him, because I was never comfortable expressing my issues, especially with my parents, I know now that this was one of my biggest mistakes, I was so interested in convincing them that I was doing better and was just a normal kid not constantly dealing with these major issues

 I decided I wanted to kill myself, I was tired of not enjoying my life anymore and I felt as if I was just holding.back the people close to me, so I did it. I woke up 8 hours later in urgent care surrounded by a team of doctors. All I could think of was how the fastest way to get out of here so I could get it again
     After a week in the hospital doing nothing but eating and watching tv I was considered physically healthy. Shortly after being told I was not in any danger I was told that The doctor requested that I go to a impatient hospital and gave me  no say in the matter. I was strapped into a ambulance and shipped an hour away to a impatient hospital. 
    When I first got there and saw the other patients I felt like I was about to waste at-least a  week of my time doing useless bullshit. I was convinced that life would never again be something I was  able to enjoy and  that I would always be this way. 
      I  got searched, changed into clothes you couldn’t kill yourself in, talked to a Psychiatrist, got my medicine and went to my room. I was offered by the other teenagers to come out and watch tv and play cards multiple times I thought I was too cool to be there and that I was wasting my time, so I declined and just sat in a suicide proof concrete room. 
      The next day after breakfast my roommate told me about the mandatory  group therapy session, I came in with a negative attitude fully expecting this to be a giant waste of time. When the session started we opened with our names, something about us, and the reason we were here. I was really surprised when the patients were almost shamelessly telling the group about how they tried to harm or kill themselves.       I was the last one in the circle to share  I decided that I would just say my name and that I overdosed. I was instantly told by many of the group members that we are going through the same issues and they want to work on these issues together, I was told not to be afraid to be open with the other patients. Our sessions always led to opportunity’s to discuss topics that you usually just bottle up when you suffer with depression. For example  how the things You used to really enjoy just started becoming increasingly dull and uninteresting, or how You constantly felt like you was just a burden on everyone around me...  the 13 other patients (15-18year old  boys and girls)  Unintentionally taught me that the seemingly impossible obstacles your depression will put you against that there are other people feeling just as hopeless as I was. And that I don’t have to be like this forever, I learned that you have to put all your effort into not letting a mental illness control you
   .
       Every 2 days there was a group therapy session that parents could attend. After the sessions there were private ones that were only my Mom, therapist and I. After learning how beneficial it was shamelessly opening up and discussing my problems with the other patients, I decided that I have no reason to hide my issues from my mom and told her everything... how nothing interested me, how  I haven’t felt true happiness in years. and how I would constantly think about was how much better things would be for everyone if I was dead. It is not easy to tell the person that spent so many years caring for you and doing everything in their power to sure you were happy, that you don’t want to live anymore. While telling my mom this made her very emotional she tells me how important that session was to her. When I think about that session over a year later I recognize it as my first major step I took when it came to deciding that I won’t let depression control me anymore
         Right after that session I went to my room to reflect on how  I felt excited about the future for the first time In years. I knew I still had lots of work to do if I wanted to learn to live with depression and not it let it stop me from enjoying my life. 

Fast forward to now (1 year later)  It seems crazy that I was certain things would never be better, I was confident I would never find any meaning with my life. I’m glad I’m still alive, I look forward to being alive.