I have been suicidal since I was 10 and I have been planning my suicide since thenI honestly don't wanna post this. I feel like I'm just asking for attention, but honestly. I just wanna tell someone. My dad went to jail when I was 8. I remember it like it was yesterday. The night previous I stayed up till 4 AM playing Hitman absolution on my PS3. My dad came in and told me it was late and I should go to bed, and that he loved me, So I slept. Then woke up to screaming and crying. I got up as police officers were searching our house, I don't know what for till this day, but apparently it was for my dad's stuff. I asked what was going on, said my dad was in jail for hurting somebody. I asked "did he kill someone?" She said no but it was almost as bad. I don't remember much of that day, but I remember the night. It was about 2 AM my sister was at my great grandmas, they were really close. My mom was on the phone with her in her room, and I was trying to sleep in mine. I remember hearing her talk about it why he went to jail. He has been raping my sister since she was 13. She was 16 at this point. My heart sank I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My dad was kinda abusive. I'm not gonna get too much into it, but he wasn't really a good person. I couldn't believe it. I didn't want to believe it. So I didn't I tuned it out with all my being trying not to hear it. Until I cried myself to sleep. After that day I don't remember much of my life. Until about 2015 I was 10 my sister just turned 18. I was at my grandma's, my older sister was also there. I remember her in my aunt's room. (She was living there because her husband cheated on her and they split) I smelled heavy marijuana coming from that door, and at that time everyone told me it was bad. So I got scared and called my mom, and I told her. My mom called her phone saying she needed to come home and pack her stuff. She wasn't allowed to live in the house anymore. I was devastated. I just wanted her to not smoke. Not to be kicked out. I thought it was bad for her. She was crying I was crying my aunt was crying. I remember what she said to me before we got in the car. "I hate you so much" in the meanest tone I have ever heard, I was heartbroken. I couldn't believe I just got my favorite thing in the world kicked out. We got to the house and my mom yelled at her I don't remember anything she said, but I remember what my sister said. "It's my fault you don't have a dad" she said to my little sister and I, and she just left with only a trash bag full of stuff. After that day I was depressed my older sister was my favorite thing in the world and I got her kicked out. I didn't want to live after that, my mom said I wasn't even allowed to talk to her. Ever since then I haven't felt the same. I haven't felt genuinely happy since then, and it didn't help that my mom took me out of school in the middle of my fucking 6th grade school year. I haven't been to school since I was 12 I'm 16 now, and I don't feel like studying all the grades from 6th to whatever fucking grade I'm supposed to be in now. My family is fine but the damage has been done. I always have nightmares about that day. I can't live like this anymore. My plan was break contact with everyone I know when I turn 20, save up for a gun permit and then when I turn the age buy a gun and kill myself. If you read through this thank you i really wanted to get this off my chest