I’m done with thisI’m just venting rn, because I’m seriously angry. I’m a 17M, and I don’t think that I’m ugly or anything. I work out a lot, and I don’t seem unattractive in most pictures. But, I am still constantly alone. Looking back on life, I’ve always been a pretty lonely kid, and not by choice. All my “friends” hated me growing up, because I was annoying and desperate to please everyone. High school has been no different, though I’m more introverted I still try extremely hard to get attention and appreciation. There are a few people who I talk to, but most of them are only associating with me to be nice. I cut most of these kids out of my life before quarantine, but a lot of guys were only nice to me so they could use me, to mess with teachers and laugh at me and such. Currently, I have just been getting so depressed from seeing all these other people that I know going out on road trips, hikes, parties, etc. and now it just feels like I’ll never get to experience anything like that now. Some kids allowed me to hang out with them, and both times were spent in almost complete silence on my part, from a desire not to annoy them. My romantic life has fared even worse, somehow. The few times I summoned up the courage to ask a girl out, it ended in me pondering suicide and the like. I ended up somehow getting my ass on a date with this girl, and it went great. She flirted with me heavily, and even put her leg on my thigh, which caused me to get uncomfortable, in a good way. I really liked her, and she kind of liked me. Well, I ruined it like I ruin everything. I was convinced that she was the one for me, and I ended up constantly texting her until she cut me loose, and ended up blocking me on all accounts. I used my old meme page(it got banned) to text her and she told me off, called me a freak and a fucking weirdo for liking her a lot and after she texted me that I tried to kill myself. I drank bleach and threw it all up, and I realized that I’m too much of a pussy to end it all. That was around January, and for the past few months I’ve still been lonely, even after taking the ham fisted advice of my dad to “be more social.” No one really desires to associate with me. I have, however been talking to a few girls online, but they all eventually fizzle away. I matched with this one beautiful girl on tinder, but she unmatched with me for some reason. I think it was because I said I liked Pearl Jam or something along those lines. Idk, summers in general are terrible for me. I don’t really get any social interaction besides the gym, which are all closed because of covid, and school. I can’t stand being alone, I’m tired of it. I don’t want to continue living if this is all life will grant me. Sad lonely days and depressing lonely nights. I’ve been thinking about suicide more and more, almost as much as I did during the school year, and I’ve had trouble thinking of reasons to live. The only reasons I can really think of are my parents, dogs, and books if I’m being honest, and I’ll eventually run out of books to read. I usually spend most nights berating myself in my head, mentally abusing myself. I can’t take it anymore, and I’ve found myself wishing and hoping for school to reopen in September. At least I won’t be as lonely there, even if I am an outcast again. This just wasn’t how my life was supposed to go. It doesn’t matter how strong my body is, I can’t take this.