Is is worth it anymore?Currently sitting in a random parking lot in my car because I feel like I dont belong anywhere. I already suffer from anxiety and depression. Was on anti anxiety meds but just dropped off on taking them about 4ish months ago. I've hit a really bad low point today and honestly thought about all the ways of ending it. I guess I'm just too nice because others rely on me or im just not strong enough?  I broke off a 4 year relationship because I fell out of love with her, we'll call her M. I fell out for another person who I still deeply have feeling for that was in a polygamous relationship with us for about 8 months, we'll call her K. Me and M I guess you could say mutually broke it off since she felt the same way of the relationship feeling more platonic then romantic. I still care and love M, just in no romantic ways at all. K and I have had hopeful conversations about future relations because we both came clean about feeling we still have for each other. Today it hurt with finding out shes unofficially with a mutual friend. It hurt in indescribable ways honestly. Our conversation today still had talk of hope in the future and feeling haven't changed from what it sounded like. Just obstacles and hurt and uncaring feelings concerning others that know us. I already feel like I put my peace to the side to make others feel okay and to always help them in anyway I can. And im questioning if I should just go all together. Like the end. I know its not the right answer but I've been dealing with that thought for a while on and off. And today just really pushed me over the edge into that pit. I dont want to post to social and make it seem like im seeking attention. I dont feel like I have anyone to talk to. No support system in existence for me on this shit. Im tired of holding back and faking a smile. I just can never bring myself to be an asshole and hurt the people I care about with an outburst. Idk im weak and naive I guess. I just feel like everything is worthless right now. I went from being numb all the time to just extremely painful today and I dont see an end in sight unless its a bullet honestly. Hell I have K and M as my best friends, I have a few really close friends but I can't talk to them for mutual feelings and they seem all so close to the subject that I know it'll just make me finally hit that wall and end it. Im ranting here amd just done with all of this shit and the feeling of not good enough in anything I do or anyone Im around. Its not even bearable anymore and it just hurts. Idk why im even posting this. To feel better? To get it somewhere so its off my chest? To tell the truth im not seeing a light anywhere. At least not until much much later or I make the choice to end it. Hell if they ever found this it wouldn't be hard to know its about them and I hope if you are reading just know im not seeking sympathy or attention because it hurt. Im genuinely looking for an answer. There's so much of the actual situation that I can't really say or bring myself to explain atm. I just dont know anymore. I know what I want and she knows that but im not sure I have the strength to keep trying to explain to her that it doesn't matter what others fucking think or say no matter who they fucking are. And I dont know if I have the strength to keep me from ending it.