I sexually assaulted a friend and I'm sure if I can continue to live with myself.For context I'm a 18 yo m. And this is pretty long so sorry about that.

About two years ago I met a guy, call him John, that I just fell for so hard. But still being heavily closeted I didn't want to tell him so I just allowed my feelings to slowly crush me for around half a year. And during that time we became better and better friends, to the point where I felt comfortable enough to come out to him tell him I like him. He told me he was straight and wasn't interested in any type of relationship. 

Despite this, I couldn't stop thinking about being with him. I started falling into a mild depression as Senior year started, all while I stayed friends with him. Then, as Senior year continued we became better and better friends and started irrationally deluding myself that this  meant that he was into me. This was all as my depression and social anxiety got progressively worse. 

As a result, I often did things with him that he clearly was uncomfortable with me doing, such as leaning into him, hugging him, etc. And sometimes I even groped him, which I immediately apologized for as a lapse of judgement often with him telling me that he forgave me but I needed to stop. 

At one point this came to head when one of our mutual friends stopped wanting to be around me because she saw all of this happen with utter disgust. I had felt guilty about what I was doing before, but at this point I felt genuinely disgusting. I felt like a monster as I fully admitted to myself that this was just a case of pattern sexual abuse. John and I started growing apart and I only saw him occasionally. 

At this point the school year started to wind down and I began to fall into a deeper depression. It just got worse and worse until mid summer, when I went on a previously planned trip to Europe with some friends. During that trip I started to try and forgive myself. By the time I got back I had decided I wanted to improve myself, and learn from my mistake. Then John texted me saying he never wanted to see or hear from me again, there is no forgiving me, and that he is much happier being away from me. 

I'm going to a nearby University this fall and I feel totally fucked. I can feel myself slowly slipping back into a depression, and I feel like garbage all over again. Im finding it harder and harder to live with my actions and sometimes I genuinely believe that suicide is the only way to truly repent. I don't know what to with myself and I'm terrified that this is going to haunt me into my new school year to the point where all my stressed either lead me to drop out of school or just end my life. I just feel so fucked. 