Life is slipping.First of all, I'm sorry for the poor English you may find ahead. English is not my first language, but I'll try my best to work this story up. 

Life is slipping. I know that I'm not the only one struggling with each day, trying to get by. Stopping to hear your damn heartbeat just to reassure yourself that you are, actually, alive. Very much alive, and hating every second of it. 

My mother was poor. Like crazy poor. Her dad died before I was even born, and my grandma was there with her to pick up the pieces. Her sisters and brothers all had someone, so she was the only left. Got a job at 17, fell in love, got pregnant and had my brother. She divorced, fell one more time with the wrong man, and had me. This wrong man disappeared, and soon after my brother dies in a car accident at 11. My step father (brother's father) left since he was an alcoholic, and I spent years thinking that it should have been me under that bus. 

When I hit puberty and I find out the "truth" in episodes, like a fuckin' soap opera. At 18 got two jobs, rented a pretty apartment for my grandma, mom and I, and studied whenever I had the time. 

It was not easy, and of course, you can't express a lifetime of experiences, good or shitty ones, in a single post. But basically, I'm sick of living. Tried once to kill myself at 15, with tons of pills and whisky and it nearly worked but a friend found out and took me to the hospital. I was there for three days. Pity. That's all I saw in everyone's eyes. Pity, remorse and shame. The shame hurt the most. Like someone was going to cover me with a blanket and make the "problem" go away. 

Now, I'm 21. I don't have self esteem issues. I have friends. I love my mom, grandma, cats and lovely computer. I know I'm lucky. I know that I survived that shithole some people call life, but I'm not actually *enjoying any of it*. Getting drunk as often as possible to forget. Getting high as often as possible to see new things. Getting more and more tired each day that goes by. I'm sick of going on and I want to stop. There's nothing left for me on this side of the living. I just want to disappear and not feel a thing. I don't even wish for *relief* or *contempt*.

I just wish for silence. 

I don't know what should I do next. Keep on living like an empty vessel, or just do it? Is it going to make a difference? Should I keep going on for other people, not for myself? Should I live out of habit or just give in and do it? 

Coward out. 
