I was put into adoption and I think it ruined my lifeSo, 22 years ago I was put into adoption right the moment I was born and I was adopted 21 days after that. I’m not saying being adopted is a bad thing, in fact I love my current parents for allowing into their lives and providing for me in every way they can, but being put into adoption, being discarded and thrown away like you are nothing is something that can damage someone and I’m living proof of this.

The problem with myself is: not only being put into adoption but also all the bullying I suffered growing up at school and also by my family, strongly made me believe I’m not someone that deserves any type of love; I’m an unlovable person. Not only the 1 person that was supposed to love me above all didn’t but also I grew up hearing about how I’m never gonna be enough for people to love me. 

I have a huge problem with accepting myself for who I am and I’m positive I’ll never truly love myself. And of all the relationships in my life, I never trust people to actually love and care for me, because I can only see myself as a monstrosity.

It’s been 2 days since I’ve turned 22 and I am not happy with who I am. I’m not happy with my physical body, I’m not happy with who I am emotionally and I’m not happy with the lifestyle I’ve been living.... I’ve been doing drugs since I was a teen, and even though the hardest thing I take is powder, I just can’t see me living without it because it’s the only thing that makes me hate myself a little less. It’s the only thing I can depend on because everyone else in my life (apart from my parents, whom I feel bad to admit it’s not enough) doesn’t love me or seem to care about me.

I think this is all a product of the fact that I was given to adoption. I can’t trust people and I can’t ever believe they love me even when they go to lenghts to prove it. I feel and I know I’m a horrivle human being that doesn’t deserve love and everyone I’m bothering (because that’s all I feel like I’m doing to the people around me) will be better without myself, my parents included.

My main problem right now is that I just can’t bring myself to actually end my life so I’m hoping this freaking virus will somehow end up getting to me and will finally do the favour to end my misery.