I Don’t Want To Wake Up TomorrowThrowaway because some people know my real account

I’m halfway through my 20s and my life is nothing more than an on fire dumpster bin.
I feel so out of it socially. I don’t have many close friends and have never been able to really be a part of a close friend group. On the surface, I am acquaintances with many, but when it comes time to who gets invited to go out and to parties, somehow I am always forgotten.

I feel invisible. My entire life I’ve never got attention from guys. I was always the girl who guys would befriend so they could get to my friend. If a guy talked to me, I knew that it was either so they could get help with something (academic or professionally) or help getting one of my friends. Every guy I’ve gotten close to only sees me as a friend. I’ve only been with 1 guy in my entire life and it was the guy who date raped me when I was 21. The only guy who’s ever asked me on a date besides the person who asked me out and then rescinded it 2 days later when he decided he only saw me as a friend.

I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Maybe I don’t deserve someone who loves me and if that’s the case, maybe it’s time to end it. I didn’t think I would make it past 20 anyways so maybe I should just be grateful for this bonus time and call it. I almost ended it on New Years 2019 and then decided to give 2020 a fair shot and 2020 really fucked me for all the reasons you can imagine. And through all the misery, at least most people have someone to come home to at the end of the day and chat with or a friend to hang out with. Me, I have an empty apartment with a fake plant. And it seems no matter how hard I try to change it, everyone just forgets about me at the end of the day and I can’t talk to anyone about it without sounding like a pathetic loser.

I just don’t want to be alone anymore. I’m so depressed and alone it’s not even worth living. Thanks for listening to my rant. If you’re reading this, I’ll probably be gone by now. I gave life a good shot. I think I’m done now.