Just leaving this hereSo, I'm just honestly going to say it; I straight up want to die. I don't see why I am even alive anymore, except that I just can't do it. I can't do it to them, I can't do it to my boyfriend, not to my mom, not my dad, not my animals. I could do it to myself, but I can't do that to them.
I don't see the point of doing this day in, day out anymore. I don't feel good, I am in constant pain; mentally and physically. They won't give me medication because I am underage, and they won't prescribe me the right medication when they do want to help me because I am overweight due to all of the other problems I have with my body.

I honestly feel like I am already dead, I'm just still inside of my body. I just need to vent, this is never going to end. I will always be in pain, I will never be a normal person and I will most likely be wheelchair/bed bound forever. The only thing I can do to prevent myself the pain and exhaustion is sleep. And true, it helps. Because those are the only moments that I am not in pain; or at least those are the moments I don't feel it. I wish my Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome would just decide to rupture an organ and have me bleed to death, at least people wouldn't know that I wished for it, would talk about me dying because of my disease, not because of suicide. 

I was doing okay for over a year and then my Father-in-Law (I don't know how else to describe him except for... Asshole) decided it was a good idea to tell me, when I was talking about my pants not fitting properly, that the only sollution was to kill myself. 

And I've been this incredible mess since, it's been over a month and I can't get over it. I want to hurt myself but I know I would be sent off to a psychiatric hospital, because I tried to do this before. I tried to end it before; it's been a year, he knew and decided to make that comment and it's broken me into a million little pieces. And it's only confirmed what I already thought; that I will never be their family, even if I have been together with my boyfriend for over 4 years. I am not their family, and I never will be.

The only one who said anything to the Asshole was my boyfriend. 

It's all the pain, the mental and the physical pain is sucking me into it's hole again and now I realize that it's only going to return worse each time that it appears it's getting better.

I'm sorry for leaving such a long post, needed to get it off of my chest. I doubt it's going to help. But I need to try.