I don't know what to do.For the past few years my life has been in a downward spiral that doesn't seem to be coming to an end anytime soon. I'll start off with what started it, a few years ago my parents got divorced because of something that I had a very big connection to and I could've stopped from happening if I knew the consequences. I should've of seen what was happening and when I think back on it I remember hints of what was going on and what ended up happening and I could've stopped the whole thing before it tore my family apart. Once the divorce happened I started to fall into depression, I was with my dad (my mum has my brother) and I tried to get help but when it came to actually getting the help I backed out thinking this is stupid it'll just go away like other things do, but I was more than wrong. After the divorce my mum hated me and blamed what happened on me to an extent and I fought with her through messaging as I haven't seen her ever after the divorce. Fighting with her didn't help with my depression, it made it get worse really fast. Around this time I was starting to get in a relationship with a wonderful girl, and as you could've guessed she was what helped me get through this stuff, she was always there for me, and I always felt calm and needed with her. That first year was very painful and I had many mental breakdowns, I harmed myself and it was the beginning of more bad things to come. About a year ago my dad started to fight with his girlfriend that we'd been living with after the divorce. Now these fights were pretty bad and they went on for long times. This affected my studying drastically which leads to something that I'll get too later on as it hasn't affected me yet during that time. As I said these fights got bad at times and there were times when things involving death almost happened, and these fights weren't exactly helping my depression which is at this point hidden from everyone but my girlfriend. During these times I was having a rough time with my girlfriend because of all the things going on but she still stayed by my side and we got through everything. Now we get to this year where my dad is still fighting with his girlfriend and remember what I said about it affecting my studying, well I'll talk about the school I go to first. I go to a fairly prestigious schools, in ranking it's within the top schools in my country and that means it's pretty damn hard and requires a lot of study. This is where the fighting affects how I do in school, so far this year I've been the worst I've ever been, I'm basically failing and I'm trying really hard to do good but between fighting, my mum (at this point is getting better) and depression, I just can't. Throughout all of this I've thought about death many many times, and I'm writing this in a really nice way, but the passed three years have been hell on earth, but I just don't know how to express and explain everything in the way it truly feels etc. But recently my girlfriend who has been with me throughout all of this and is everything to me, I spend all the time I can and what ever money I have goes to doing things with her and buying her presents because of how lovely she is. But even though everything is falling down and I need her she broke up with me and this did a big deal on me. She was always there for me, she's what was helping me with depression, and this is a really dangerous thing I know but it was her that was getting me out of it, and when you fall in love with someone and they help you with depression, when they leave you, they open the hole they closed just like that. And this happened to me and I don't know what to do, thoughts of death are very frequent and my life feels like a burden, it's like everything will just get worse as time passes, I didn't write everything and won't of everything but I told a story with the biggest points in causing me to want death. Hiding depression with no one there to listen and help you release your feelings is so terrible. All the anxiety and stress, and want and the feeling of needing my ex I have is just building up and thinking of death makes me feel really calm and it makes me want to do it. For the passed few days I have times where I just roll up and cry while repeating I don't know what to do, over and over again. I really don't know what to do but death seems like the right thing to do. Please help me. 