Girlfriend tried to attempt but doesn’t want to spend night in psych wardTRIGGER WARNING- self harm

will probably delete this as soon as the situation is under control but basically she has self harmed in the past and was sent to the psych ward but had a bad experience being misgendered and not being able to sleep etc. Today she and I got into an argument which I won’t go into detail about but basically I told her I just need time to think and she’s afraid we’re going to break up. I got a text from her because we were sitting  in different rooms that said “It wasn't sharp enough and I'm afraid of dying. Please don't make it complicated I can't deal with going to the psych ward it's shitty there and I won't be able to sleep I'm alive and I can't do it, please don't send me there it was difficult last time”. I came into the room and she (voluntarily, I didn’t ask) showed me what she did. She wasn’t bleeding anymore and not deep. I don’t know what to do. She’s not physically hurt and I guess we could go to the walk in first thing tomorrow since I’m sitting with her to make sure she’s safe but I don’t know if thats the best option. I don’t want to go against her wishes but if that keeps her safe I will. She keeps asking me if we’re going to break up and I don’t want to but if certain relationship flaws continue without me seeing any effort from her on fixing it I might have to but obviously I don’t want to tell her that right now. Her dad is in the other room unaware of whats happening and I dont think my girlfriend would appreciate me telling him. I’m just so confused on what to do right now. Any advice helps. She seems to be feeling somewhat better and is eating the meal I prepped earlier thats she refused to eat before. I dont know if she’ll attempt again or if i should even ask that. I just want her to be safe and comfy. I love her so much it hurts to see her like this and I feel so guilty that I might have caused this. She is depressed and not on any medication, every so often she relapses into self harm, but she’s never been suicidal