Give me a reason to live because I can’t do this anymore.I’m 20 years old and a junior in college. I just recently got dumped by someone who I made my world and who I thought I was going to marry. He was my first everything and our relationship was over long and all consuming. He was so cold to me after the breakup and moved on so quickly from me. I lost all of my friendships because I prioritized him over everyone else in my life even myself. My friends hate me. I told them I was feeling really sad and depressed and they haven’t checked up on me at all. No one has texted me for the past two weeks and I have just been at home suffering. My college experience is coming to an end and I have made no friends since the start of my freshman year. I failed to join a sorority last year and dropped it because I was too overwhelmed and going through a huge loss and now I watch as all of the people I met through that experience are thriving and well and I’m left with nothing. I have no real friends and my ex was the only one who made me feel loved and cared about. I want to attempt to join another sorority but there’s too much history and no one is gonna want me especially cause I’m a junior so there goes my chance to meet new people and make new friends. My ex was in a frat so he has unlimited support right now while I have no one to even check up on me. He was my whole world and I am so alone. 
I feel like I’m never gonna make friends again and that I have nothing left to live for. I don’t want to be alone for the rest of my life and if I’m that unmemorable and easy to forget then what reason do I have to stay alive. If nobody cares enough about me then why should I stay here longer. My ex is living his life and happy and looking for someone new and I can’t help but think why wasn’t I enough and why I’m never enough for anyone. I don’t want to go back to college and I just don’t want to be alive, I feel like that would make it easier for everyone in my life. No one cares about me at least not enough to stay. I feel so hopeless.  I don’t wanna die but I also can’t go on like this much longer. The past two weeks have been horrible and my eating disorder has made a reappearance along with some newfound anxiety and depression and It’s just become too much for me to handle. I hate that I’m posting this or even thinking about this but I have no one else to tell this to and I could really use some support right now.