Here goes nothing...**Warning: Life story that may not be worth reading ahead.**

I have been a pessimist since about the 3rd grade meaning since that young age I always look for the worst in things. I think the main reason for this has to do with me being the younger sibling to my sister. She has always seemed to be the highlight of my parent’s life.  She is set the standard for what my parents wanted in a child. So I strived to be just that but it seemed every time I would do something right or worthy of praise my sister would be right there outdoing me.  Seeing as it would be impossible to outdo her or live up to the standard she set I just stop trying so hard.  I was constantly sad and felt like I was being overlooked all the time.  Anyway when I stopped trying so hard to impress my parents all the time I started to do worse in school, the 3rd grade, and my parents took notice.  I felt bad that I had angered them but felt good to be the center of their attention for once.  So I continued to do subpar in school even though I understood all the material and was a tad smarter than the rest of my classmates.  Grading period after grading period my parents would spend roughly one week of their life giving a greater amount of attention to me, helping me with anything, and telling me they believed in me and that they knew I could do better than I was doing, I felt good to have them pay attention to me in the way I wanted to, It wasn’t good attention but it was attention and that’s what I wanted deep down.  But, around the time I entered the 5th grade they started growing tired of my antics in school.  I was reprimanded more than given assurance and this is where my downfall started to spiral.  My sister continued to outdo me and I was trapped in this spiral of bad grades.  It had become a habit at that point, I had become lazy and an all around bad student. I was smart but just didn’t feel the need to continue trying all to hard in school.
Fast forward to the 8th grade, at this point in my life I was just constantly sad all the time.  I was still trapped in this habit of laziness and lying A LOT, my parents weren’t all too fond of me.  They tried everything ranging from stripping me from video game and t.v. rights to just grounding me.  Nothing worked and they were constantly mad at me.  It was bad I would cry at night almost everyday making sure not to be too loud, I didn’t want them to know or wake up.  Everyday I would contemplate why I existed and why I was such a piece of shit person.  I hated myself; I hated myself in everyway possible.  I never tried to look at the good aspects of my life because I knew that the bad outweighed the good.  I beat myself up mentally.  I would even take the time out of my day to list all the things I thought were wrong with me and how I was nothing compared to my sibling, I forgot to mention that my parents had another child in my brother who I felt they loved on the same level that they did my sister.  I was one of those kids that looked fine and okay on the outside but on the inside was a mental shitstorm, I was insecure as hell and had zero confidence in everything I did.  The thought of suicide started to creep into my mind.  This got really bad after a while, I would day dream about it think about it at night and even plan it out a couple of times.  I wimped out every time because I didn’t have the resources to do it in a quick and painless way.  Anyway, so one day I guess I left one of these notes I use to write out behind on my desk at school on accident and my teacher stumbled upon it.  The next day my teacher confronted me about it and told me he had to inform my parents because he was concerned about my mental health, good guy right?  So later that night he calls up my mom and they have a short conversation about it.  She talks to me about it and asks me if I want to see a doctor or psychologist or a shrink about it. I said no, despite really wanting to because I felt that my parents would hate me for putting them through something like that, and that was the end of that.
Enter highschool freshman me, and I’m still a mental emotional wreck. But things start to look up, I made a couple friends. Wanting to impress and gain some attention from my dad I join the wrestling team.  He is ecstatic for my sudden interest in a physical sport.  He starts to recognize me as a son that he wanted all along.  So I wrestle.  Through that I made a bunch of friends and gained some confidence and muscle tone. Highschool was pretty good, but my grades still sucked and I was still pretty messed up mentally and emotionally, having a couple of cheating girlfriends didn’t help at all.  My dad overlooked my grades because he was infatuated with my sports career, I was pretty good.  My sister got into USC and my parents couldn’t be more happy, I died a little inside knowing I would never live up to that.  Fast forward again to senior year, I’m almost a shoo-in to be a state qualifier in wrestling, then the unthinkable happens. I dislocate my shoulder the day before the season starts and out for the rest of the season.  I was devastated but my dad was surprisingly supportive of me…for about two weeks.  After that I went back to just being a person in the household, I have no real significance in my parents eyes again.  I get into casual marijuana use and finish off my remainder of high school kind of apathetic to the world. 
Fast forward to college, current day, I enter the engineering program at a local cal state.  Why engineering you ask?  Because when my parents said I should go into a well paying career field engineering and I said yes their eyes lit up like the night sky on the 4th of july.  Depression strikes again and I fucking hate the living shit out of myself.  I get chewed up there my grades drop badly mostly due to calculus and my habitual laziness.  I decide to go with one of my passions in graphic design and do ok in some of my classes.  I fail a couple and one of my teachers last quarter decided not to drop me from my class despite me not showing up to a single class.  
Fast forward to today, I receive a letter stating that I have been academically disqualified and my parents hate me for it.  Absolutely hate me.  I’m stuck back in my eighth grade right now contemplating why I’m such a piece of shit, why I’m a dumbass who just can’t do anything right, I’m on the edge right now and I’ve got nothing now.  I’d pull the trigger if I had the gun to do it but I don’t.  I’m a piece of shit and I know it. No job, no school, no nothing.  I don’t know what the fuck to do right now and I’m scared shitless.  I’m a wreck and I don’t know what to do anymore… I’ve been heavily considering ending my life for the past 8 hours but I just don’t know how to do it…..
