Why? Am I just crazy or weak or misguided or does anyone really care?Why can't I control myself when I have a breakdown, I don't even know why I end up crying, I just can't stop thinking to myself about how shitty of a person I am, that I don't deserve the life I was given and that I should die... Today at school, we were having rehearsals for out talent night, being a senior and president of the production crew I thought "Hey, this will be fun, I love this stuff anyway." Not even into the first act, 30 things are going wrong and the teachers are just passively battering me with "oh oh oohh *name*  this isn't looking to well for you guys."  Most of crew working today should be skilled individuals but it seemed like they all just didn't want to do anything or take any initiative.  Halfway through people start asking me if I'm alright because my resting face is apathetic and like anyone I talk to, I tell them I'm fine.  It's getting late and we order Pizza for the crew, I don't eat, I wait for everyone to eat and if there is anything left I eat, mainly because it's been a habit that I starve myself and I just started feeling worse midway through.  My morality went down, my competence went down, starting doubting myself about things that I normally have control over, the teachers started fixing things that I thought were right.  I walked into the washroom and into the stall and cried for a while until I cooled off and pushed through all the "Kill yourself you worthless pile of crap" thoughts that never stop.  I hate when people ask me if I'm okay when I want to hide it, because it just makes me want to die even more, and when I do want to talk about it with someone, they either abandon that friendship/relationship or try helping when they can't or continue to say "Oh dont tell me" like just FUCKING LISTEN TO ME AND HEAR ME OUT, IT'S ALL I EVER ASK BUT NOW I WANT TO DIE. My ex-gf is one of the individuals helping out with the show as part of my stage crew because she isn't too bad at it so my exec team chose her.  I respected her for a long time as friend of mine that knew a lot about me, I do that to individuals who I don't see worth hating over, but why does she not even LOOK at me, why is that you go from "love" to "hate" when someone says "I want to break up." The worst part is how she broke up with me.  I was at a really low point, lower than now, when were 2 months in. I "slipped" maybe 3 times, 3 times I told her how I truly felt on 3 separate days, 3 times I slipped and that's all it took for her to GHOST me for 1.5 months and then break up with me over a text message.  I didn't care if she helped me when I spoke to her, I just knew that she was one of the ONLY people I trusted and that cared for me.  I don't talk to my family on a regular basis and I live with them. I haven't spoken to my brother, who lives in the next room, in about a month, not a word.  I also hate driving.  My dad wants me to drive, we go out on a drive one day and I almost crash and kill us both, luckily he punched me in the face and took control of the wheel for a bit.  My mom might be my only friend at home but even then, I dont tell anyone anything.  I don't see a future for me, sure I have university acceptances, sure I live in a house, have dinner to eat alone with, have a semi-good computer and all these things, but I WANT TO FUCKING DIE.  I can't take it anymore, I hate having uncontrollable emotions, I hate who I am, I just learn to accept that Im a loud, obnoxious, nosy senior who has nothing better to do than to kill himself because in reality, no one cares.  I have no friends at school, my only 2 "close" friends aren't even that close to me.  1 of them lives in another country, some hundreds of kilometers away, the other might hangout with me, but he finds that our other friend that left us is better than me and worth more of his time.  I was walking home today and picture myself dead on every bridge I passed, pictured myself dead under every bridge I passed.  Why do I even try, why not give up, it'd be a total relief.  Just thinking about it, I would of course be the burden of many things like uni applications and the production crew, but none of that would matter anymore if I died! RIGHT! AM I FUCKING RIGHT!?! CAN SOMEONE PLEASE STOP THIS FUCKING VOICE IN MY HEAD, GNAWING AND SCRATCHING THE ENDS OF MY HEAD! WHY DO I FEEL LIKE ANYTIME SOMEONE ASKS IF IM OKAY, THEY'RE JUST GOING TO GO HOME AND FORGET WHAT I SAID AND HOW MUCH I WANT TO FUCKING DIE.  Why find love if they just break up with me before a 3 month mark, why find love if they lie to me and then GHOST me for a month while I work with kids and get appraisal for being good with them and them asking me to comeback.  Why try to be a good friend to people who don't look the same way I look at them.  I tried really hard being alone, and I honestly give up, I can't do this anymore... I just can't... I don't know if it's even worth saying sorry for not being strong and being a weak little bitch of an arab kid who looks white as fuck.  I'm sorry? Im realistically sorry for being a piece of a shit human, I wish I was a miscarriage like my, would've been, youngest brother that would've turned 12 this year but... didn't... Is this even the right place to put this... Why do I even try...someone please...end my suffering... I'm not even diagnosed with depression but I think there's a good chance that I have some sort of mood altering illness... I can be happy for 1 second and IMMEDIATELY switch to wanting to die... maybe I'm bipolar... maybe I;m just a crybaby bitch that deserves to die... Maybe I still have feelings for you EVEN WHEN I TOLD YOU HOW I FELT AT MY LOWEST AND YOU GHOSTED ME FOR IT... Why am I like this?