Depression and guilt are eating me alive and I can't stop thinking about ending itI've been depressed for most of my childhood and teenage years and now I'm an adult and still... I don't feel different, I don't feel much at all anymore. I'm 22 now and I have a job and I'm going to university, I have some friends and I'm good with my family. But I don't feel anything towards them. I can laugh, I can tell jokes or listen and give advice but I feel like I just learned how to pretend. I don't like people very much, I don't like having conversations and I literally never loved anyone. There is nothing I actually like or enjoy and no particular thing I'm interested in. I don't feel the need for a relationship or anything sexual either. I don't do much of anything anymore. I don't plan ahead, I have no idea what to do in the future, I guess I'm just gonna do a 9-5 job after I graduate. It doesn't matter actually. I don't hate the idea but I don't like it either.

All of this, makes me feel hopeless. It's like I'm not able to feel emotions. I never get angry or sad anymore . Maybe tired. But if I'm honest... I just don't care about anything or anyone. I'm not mad and I don't hate anyone. I just hate myself. I cut myself sometimes when I feel particularly bad but it has gotten less and less over the past years. It doesn't change anything. I know It's mostly my fault that I am this way, thats why I detach myself so much from reality. I have done some very bad things In the past and the guilt is eating me away. These days I either feel nothing or feel depressed. I know this is not normal, I've been to psychtrists before and I've taken meds before but they just made me feel more tired and more numb and made me forget things all the time. Not that it made much of a difference. 

I don't want to be like this. I've tried to commit suicide seven times, three of them beeing 100% serious. Most of them were when I was younger. The last one was about 2 years ago. I've come to the realization that committing suicide is just as pointless as living itself. I don't know what to do anymore. I drink a lot when I'm feeling like shit and it's gotten me into the hospital numerous times. I've also tried drugs. The only thing that helped me was Heroin but while it made me feel better than ever before, I stopped smoking it when I realized it made my depression much worse. And I can't take anything worse. The only thing that makes me feel okay is alcohol, so I drink every other day. 

Why is depression the only thing I can feel? I try so hard to distract myself and It's not like I don't have stuff to do. I'm practically doing something 24/7. So I figured if I'm never gonna be "happy" anyways I can use my time to learn. I want to understand more things and gain more knowledge about everything. But the more I learn, the more Im starting to see how pointless it is. It's just a distraction from reality. I constantly read new books, mostly about psychology, but also some fiction. But I just learned that I'm trapped, I can't relate to anything written in these books, I can't relate to anyone I ever talked to and my psychologists never understand me. I'm not special, I'm cursed. I don't wish I was dead, I wish I was never born. I will live until I die without experiencing anything about life and with extreme guilt haunting me every day. 

And still...Im not sad or angry about it. Just...depressed. It's my reality but I don't want it to be. I want to break free of my own skin and mind but it's impossible. I just want change but I don't have hope anymore. I wouldn't be mad if I died right now, I think about ending it a lot these days, but it doesn't matter. It wouldn't erase the decate of suffering I've been through or the suffering I've inflicted. So I might as well live and make it right? I don't know what to do, I really don't. My biggest fear is surviving another failed attempt and I fear going through that more than death. At this point It's not a cry for help anymore, it's an escape from my misery. If I attempt suicide again, I will make sure it's final. 

I posted this hoping someone on here can relate but I know chances are not good. Anyways, thank you for reading.