I want to dieI am 23, a guy from a third world country. I don't want to give my countries name because I hate it so much that I don't want to even mention the name. I don't like where I was born, the language, culture, traditions, people everything sucks.

Anyways, I was dealt with a shitty hand when I was born. I was born to very poor parents. They didn't take proper care of me while growing up. I got big dental problems now because they didn't give me proper treatment as a child. Two of my teeth were infected badly when I was 4, my parents didn't want to pay for the treatment. As a result, my teeth got infected worse and I used to sleep with intense pain in both of the infected teeth. This continued till I was 11, finally they took me to a doctor but by this time it was too late. Both my infected teeth were damaged to the pulp and it hurt like hell all the time. My idiot parents finally decided to cough up enough money for a root canal. But it didn't help much and at 23, I still have pain in my teeth. The infection and swelling has spread to the jaw and I am scared I will get jaw cancer. I don't have any money to do any treatment.

That's about the dental problem alone. Now let's talk about the bullshit ass retarded stupid religion and traditions my parents follow. They are the average idiot muslims and they apparently had enough money to snip off the tip my dick against my will at the age of 5 but they didn't want to spend the money for my dental problems. Obviously like any other boy I refused to be circumcised but they forced me into it. It was an absolutely unnecessary, evil barbaric procedure that caused me brain damage and loss of full sensation in my penis. Even at 23 I regret not escaping my house at 5, at least I would still have my foreskin intact. When I masturbate I feel almost nothing. 

Then there is poverty. I had almost nothing to eat while growing up so I didn't get the chance to reach my full height. I didn't have good clothes and always wore old stuff. Childhood was awful. My parents hardly taught me anything, all they did was made me watch tv all day. No wonder I am a retard. My family never owned a car, it makes me feel insecure as hell. 

I was born with autism, a fucking curse. I found it hard to make friends and fit in anywhere. Primary education was ok, I wasn't seriously out of place. Sure, some big kids beat me up sometimes but other small kids got beat up too. It all changed when I got to high school. I was a fucking outcast, everyone decided to make fun of me, bully me to tears and even the teachers joined in the fun. I was even sexually abused by a guy. I couldn't fight back because I knew I would lose, I was the shortest kid in the class and weak af. They always ganged up on me so that I couldn't get a chance to retaliate. I was extremely dumb as a child and I didn't even tell my parents to send me to another school. I now wish that I left school instead of going through the so called retarded ass of an education system. At least I wouldn't have so many mental scars. I did well in school despite the bullying, but the certificate from grad school in my country hardly matters. All I got from school was extreme mental torture from hundreds of bullying incidents. 


While growing I up I never had a friend, so you can guess about my love life easily. No girl even looked in my direction. After all, what girl want to screw a short ugly autistic poor unlucky loser? No one.

Now I am 23, only 5'6" with no friends and about to graduate uni with only 2.7 cgpa. I have no hope of getting a job and I am afraid I will die poor and virgin. The bullying still continues in university, because I am such an outcast and suck at communication skills. I must be the only one at my uni without a gf and a friend circle. I do have two acquaintances that I talk to regularly but it can't be called a friendship as I have to initiate the conversation most of the time and they only talk to me because they feel sorry for me.