Not all that bad if you die
I am quite damaged, I find joys upon upon other ppl misfortune as long as I deem it not serious enough. I dont care about anyone, not even myself on my worse days, and there's worst. Sometimes I got fixated on problems that will resolve with time, but until then I cease to be productive and functional. I have no energy to pursue things that I love, there's a part of my brain that makes excuse at every opportunity that comes and gone, and there's so many. I got trapped both in the past and future, the ghosts of yesteryear in the prison of tomorrow. You can’t escape the past demons, but you can outrun your fate. And thus in wanting to do so, I become suicidal. The ability to control your own fate by ending it at any time becomes too enticing to given up. Or maybe that’s what fate has installed for me, that I’ll kill myself someday (hopefully soon enough). Jokes on them though, I won't be able to give a fuck if I just die out of this plane of existence (please no other plane of consciousness, or else the curse of being sentient for eternity would suck so bad). 

The false illusion of freedom is one of the worst thing imaginable. Your future is locked into a fix state and you can’t seem to change it. No one can see the walls around you except yourself. You go around trying to find a way to tear it down but the walls impede your effort. You realize that the source of the walls is yourself, as long as you’re here, the walls will be there. You then know one way to crash it all down but the opportunity has not presented itself just yet. Yeah, not just yet. But it will someday, in a form of a gun.

It’s hard to stay positive and think long term when I cant see what over the horizon. Actually that’s not true, I do see something. All the roads lead to Rome, and all I see is a bullet through the temple of my head. That’s all I see, the end of the road, and there's nothing after it. 

I want to get there so, so bad though. Can ramble for quite a bit here but nobody cares enough for that. Basically I feel life/consciousness is a prison and I want a way out. There's nothing interesting here. Or to be more precise, there's nothing as exciting as no longer have to think about anything forever. People keep saying life is a gift I say fuck that. The one true gift is freedom, the most intrinsic part of it. Robbing people their ability to end their lives is the cruelest of cruel crime. 


