My short experience on this sub.I started checking in on this sub about a week or so ago and I just wanted to say that despite not know who the fuck any of you are I genuinely appreciate you all for even talking on here. Hell I've got some tears already just writing this. To be blunt I've tried to kill myself at least 4-6 times in my life since I was 12 and this month I've tried twice. And now my online best friend has spiraled into a deep depression, cut communications with everyone, and may possibly be at risk of suicide as well. So yeah life for me isn't fucking fun especially this holiday season. But being here is always eye opening and sadly also soul crushing. But I think the fact that we're all here feeling essentially the same way about ourselves says so much about us as people. For me I understand that I am living with depression and anxiety and as far as I know everyone of us here is too. I feel like hope isn't even a part of my life. I'm jobless currently due to a mental breakdown that caused me to drop out of college. I'm out of shape. I've been mostly isolated from the world these past 3-4 months. Essentially I've been given a bad set of cards. Shit, we all have. I hope all of us could be able to find peace and love within ourselves and others. I feel like coming here helps me understand that we all can try our best to make life better and easier for ourselves. Even if we stay alive for all the stupid small things we love at least we have a reason to exist in this life. I know now I'm just ranting and maybe making no damn sense now. There's probably not even a clear point to why I type this. To be honest, currently at this exact moment I can easily say I'm at my lowest point. I write this really to let it all out. Sure maybe this is meaningless. Sure maybe life is meaningless. Or hell, maybe I'm meaningless. But maybe we just need to make something matter instead of waiting for a person or thing to save us. I'm sure we all keep going on because we believe some good will come our way. I hope that's the case. Apologies if this wall of text is too much and senseless. Thank you if you bother reading this mild sob story. And godspeed to all of you here and I only wish you all the best that life has to offer.