Clinically depressed since 5 years ago, everything "society related" is fine, but I woke up this morning wanting to die badlyHi everyone,

I'm 25 years old and I have been clinically depressed and anxious for 5 years. I used to take my meds regularly but since I started work at this new company 2 months ago it's been a bit irregular coz I dont eat breakfast at home anymore (im such a klutz)  


I used to have a loving girlfriend who knows about my illness but I really don't want to tell her what goes on in my mind because I don't like feeding her drama and showing her that I can be a liability as a potential husband. (we broke up a year and a half ago because of me thinking this way)  


I live with my family but everyday is CHAOTIC with them. My dad is not in his right mind because he is old and has diabetes, and my mother has been keeping up with his BS mood since the dawn of time. I bet we always cause a scandal with our loud voices and it's embarrassing because we live in a condo. I fear everyday that my parents could die because of how they treat each other and even how their kids treat them.  


Im a customer support representative and luckily im done with the legwork of having to be shouted at by clients. It pays okay and I can contribute to a few expenses at home.   


I enrolled at my gym but it's always a struggle getting there. I envy people who are innately thin because im innately chubby. I'm not a sporty person because...  


I play guitar. But I play genres that a lot of people don't find listenable lately. I try to post videos but no one apparently likes them. Bummer but oh well.  


I like food and video games as a combo, but since I have been dedicated to gym for the past 3 months and have been gaining progress, I try to avoid it. And it sucks because I have to in order to be fit and have my clothes fit okay too.  


One RECURRING issue on my mind is that last December 2017 I slept with a friend I met up with abroad. She  is not girlfriend material and she does have a boyfriend. She cheated on him. But even though I don't like her as a partner, I've been lusting over her ever since and whenever I see her profile with her guy or with her in cute outfits it just turns me on and I find myself a horrible person for it. It's hard to get her off my mind.  


I feel like a mentally unhealthy person that tries to conform with society. I feel like nothing is doing good anymore. Even my doctor didn't help. So I wanna go to the nearest hardware and gen merchandise store and buy rat poison. :)