I'm really struggling and my mother hasn't changed, she still emotionally neglects me just like how it was when I was a child I have depression, anxiety and PTSD from my abusive father who abused me for years, tried to rape me when I was 7 (my mom forced me to see him as a child cause he "paid child support even though I would come home crying my eyes out every time after seeing him). She emotionally neglected me entirely. I cried and she just walked away. Nobody believed me when I said what he was doing to me. I fell into a deep depression at 14, had my first suicide attempt, I backed out because I was scared so then I just really shut down. I became mute, never smiled for years, didn't look anyone in the eyes, started starving myself.  I was like a zombie. I lost 40 pounds in 2 months. I then also self harmed. I was in so much pain and I was just neglected and my mom didn't even want to take me to my psychiatrist appointment. I was looked at with disappointment with her sighing in disgust, and all she could say was "You're fucking stupid. You're ridiculous. You're making me look bad. If you want to kill yourself go do it when you live on your own. I'm not going to fucking jail for you."

I'm 20 now. I'm in college taking 4 classes that takes up my whole day starting at 8:30 am all the way until 8 pm at night and I don't get home until 10 pm because the buses take longer at night. Then I have to be up at 6:30 am THE NEXT DAY to be at work by 7 am and I don't get done work until 6 pm.  I live with my mom's side of the family. I have to come home to my toxic family everyday. My grandfather is the worst, he is a trump supporter and he hates me because I'm the first born mixed child in this white family. He calls me an animal, the N word and I get blamed for everything in the house even though I'm barely home. He throws trash in my room, throws things at me. When I was 8 years old he killed my turtle by putting bleach in his tank and he killed two frogs that I had.

At 18 I got into an extremely abusive relationship with a 36 year old who emotionally damaged me even more than I already was because he raped me, lowered my self-esteem and made me feel horrible and ugly, just like my father did years ago which led me to starve and self harm myself. I thought I was doing okay but then I got in this relationship and everything got worse with me mentally/emotionally. 

I'm dealing with all of my mental disorders from all of the trauma I had as a child, I'm dealing with it ALL on my own, no therapist, no medication and when I try to express my feelings to my mom about how stressed and overwhelmed I am, saying I don't know how much I can take, I just get blatantly shut down by her.  All she can say is "a lot of people have it a lot harder and worse. You aren't even doing that much for you to be acting like that." It's like I get zero emotional support, zero compassion. Like my problems literally don't even matter at all. I open up about my feelings and I get shut down immediately. It's like she doesn't want to hear it. She doesn't even try to understand. I had so much shit happen to me and I'm struggling with my mental illness and she doesn't even help me one bit. I'm so alone. I have no friends. Nothing. I just want to end my life already. I feel like everyone would want that anyways. I feel so hated in this family. I just lock my door and silently cry in my room everyday.