Could use some help**throwaway account**

I'm 20, I attend college, and I hold a part-time job. I'm doing fairly well for myself considering I'm the first in my family to go to college and the fact that I pretty much raised myself. I live with my father, my 26 year old brother, and my 13 year old brother. For quite some time now, I am extremely unhappy with my living situation, added on top of some undiagnosed depression and anxiety. 

My 26 year old brother probably contributes mostly to my problems. He is an underachiever, a drug abuser, an alcoholic, and barely works. He does not provide for himself, nor does he pay rent (although he claims he does). He often takes my stuff without asking while I'm at school or work, especially little things that I pay for (shaving cream, deodorant, razor, etc etc). He often brings home whores at 2-5 am and blasts music and my dad says absolutely nothing. 

That's the second problem. My dad just allows this to happen. He is a doormat and I'm losing respect for him rapidly because of this. For as long as I can remember, he just lets his kids do whatever the fuck they feel like it. I'm not quite sure why he lets this happen. Our "family" has deteriorated over the past few years and it seems to be more like 4 roommates who hate each other. He's a good man overall. He has raised 3 boys nearly by himself and has never complained. He hasn't even had his own room in more than 10 years. Although he is more look a brick wall emotionally and doesn't feed us adequately whatsoever. I grew up on McDonalds and pizza and will probably face serious illness as I grow up due to this fact. 

For the past 5-8 months, my mental health has been rapidly deteriorating. I was on anti-anxiety pills for a few months and those helped a bit, although I went off of them because of some side effects. I just feel like I'm getting worse and it's mostly because of my living situation. I'm sick and tired of being a bitter, cold, angry person. I have been questioning the point of my existence for these months and thoughts of suicide occur daily. I'm just not quite sure how much more I can take. It's like I'm stuck in a dark forest with no light, but even if I had a light it wouldn't make a difference because there's no way out. It's 5:12 am, I have to be up to leave for work at 7:30 am. I am up because my little brother decided to have friends over for a sleep over and they have been loud all night. My older brother just came home with another whore is playing music. My dad is at work on a late shift, but it's not like he would have done much anyway.


I'm utterly lost at what to do. I don't think moving out is quite an option since I go to school full-time and work 2 shifts a week during the school year. I could not afford it. I do take out student loans, but after seeing the process, it might be too slow for me to live on my own and be able to pay. I seriously need some advice. I just wish my dad would not stand for my older brother leeching off him and kick his ass out. I think a lot of tension and stress would leave the house with him. I'm not quite sure how long I can go on like this. Please help me. I've posted twice before here.
