I could do it tonight, or I could do it in the morning, or I could do it this upcoming summerI moved in with someone who I’ve had a romantic history with before. She cheated on her boyfriend with me, and eventually kicked him out. He was already an asshole, I knew him before they dated and he was an asshole years before, so I don’t feel the least bit bad about it. We agreed it wouldn’t be official right away. Then she pulled away. I confronted her about it and got pretty vague responses, but from what I know of her I think she wanted to take a break from relationships altogether for awhile. I thought she still looked at me the same way regardless so I didn’t pressure her to do otherwise. But I missed what we had going on. I knew for certain I was doing a better job in just a few months than what others had done for years—physical and verbal abuse, guilt tripping, controlling behavior, etc. we agreed that regardless of what our standing was that we wanted to move to a different city. We got an offer to live in a rental house with a college friend of hers in a different state come summer. I didn’t wanna pressure her into finding out where we stand, so I started recently reading her journal when she’s not home. Some things I thought were about me, some I couldn’t tell if they were about me or about this college friend. Today I found a passage that all but confirms that all the feelings she has are unquestionably about this other guy. She couldn’t be straight up with me when I first noticed her slipping away. She couldn’t be straight up with me when they very clearly slept together one night when I was at work and he came down to visit her as well as his family over a weekend. That passage only confirms that I knew I was being used, to feel better about the ex boyfriend that got kicked out. 
I have no fight left in me anymore. She was what I put every ounce of my being into the last 9 months. If this direction will make her happy, that’s fine. I hope it does. But I don’t think I can ever try to be happy again. I could kill myself at work very easily. I could drop a treadmill on my skull. I could drown myself in the creek I pass on the walk home. Or I could fester until we move so I’m that much more resolute in ending my life in a place where nobody would know me and nobody (except maybe her) will really care. I’ve never been the cheater before this, but I was always cheated on, if not dumped for essentially being uninteresting. Moving back home is not an option — it’s a cesspool there. 

I never thought in a million years you could do this to me and be this unforthcoming about it. All the sweet nothing you had were all that — nothing. 

I don’t think I’ll have the impulse to do it tonight or tomorrow, but it sure as fuck feels cathartic to seriously consider. If anyone would like to hear more of my story after I’m out of work, I’ll be out at 6AM EDT. I don’t intend to die with words left wholly unsaid. I want somebody to recognize my pain on a personal level. Regardless of if anyone wants to talk, I wish all of you the best. I wouldn’t wish this crushing weight on my worst enemy. Please stay true to yourself.