I feel like I have no future and I'm trappedI've fallen on some hard times. At first it was only an $800 credit card that I couldn't make payments on, now that debt is over $3000 and growing. I tried going back to school but something went wrong, because I was living with my stepdad I didn't qualify for enough financial aid to cover my tuition. I did get a loan but it didn't cover nearly enough. So I owe the school 5k and I owe the student loan people 2k which I have been making minimum payments on. I lost my job back in December because I sold alcohol to a minor on accident (forgot to card them, it was a compliance sting) so now I have a misdemeanor. 

Then this month I had to go to the ER (no health insurance) and I found out I'm very ill. Not dying, mind you, but ill enough that I need to see specialists and have procedures done all the time now. I was left with a 15k bill. I qualified for some kind of county insurance, but that only covered the bed fee, the worst part was the MRI, that alone ended up being about 8k. I've always been a healthy person, I never imagined something like this could happen. I don't even qualify for medicaid since I'm not a mother, over 65, under 21 or disabled. 

Up until now I had thought maybe I could work out some kind of settlements with the other creditors once I find employment, but it will take me years to pay off this hospital bill. My bf and I struggle every month just to make rent and we're receiving food stamps so that we don't starve. And it doesn't look like these medical costs are going to stop anytime soon. The medicine I need is $200 a month for the generic brand, and the county's prescription plan doesn't cover it. We checked at several different pharmacies and $200 was the cheapest we could find. Plus whatever the county program doesn't cover from my new expensive condition. 

The worst part is I can't even get my transcripts until I pay off the school, so I can't even go back to school so I can get a degree and find a good job. 

I think about my future and I just cry. I try to look for a job online but I just cry, because when I look at the words "dishwasher" or "busser" I think that's all I'll ever amount to, and I think what's the point? Even when I was working my bf and I had difficulty paying our rent and we were borrowing money from my mom for groceries. I feel like I've failed. I feel like I've failed everyone around me. I feel trapped. There is everything piling up on top of me, my debts, my now criminal record, my unemployment, my health, my lack of education despite the huge bills. I feel crushed and defeated. 

My bf is the glue that is holding me together right now. He's been trying his best to be understanding, he says not to worry about money, that he'll get a second job and I can just take care of the apartment, but I know he doesn't understand why I can't do anything anymore and just lay in bed all day. I don't want him to leave me, but I wouldn't blame him if he did. My mother just tells me to "pray for guidance" but I don't believe in god. No one seems to understand that I'm not just "sad and worried" but that something inside of me has changed and I feel helpless to stop it from destroying me. My bf seems to think ice cream and movies are going to make it better, sometimes it does distract me but then when he goes to sleep at night I just stay up and cry. No one understands. 

I feel like I have nothing left to live for, I've burnt all of my bridges. Every time I think of something that might help, I shut it down because I don't see the point in trying anymore. Honestly, I don't think there's anything anyone can say to make it better, but I have to try while I still can. I don't have a plan right now, but my thoughts are getting out of control. I feel like suicide is imminent. 