I feel like I'm lost in my own headI'm really struggling with a recent break up.. We were together for nearly three years ,and then on New Year's, she broke up with me. She told me she needed space, and her time to focus on making her life better for herself. She said I just can't handle a relationship right now.  I understood this part, and figured it was just a break ,and that I could get her back in time as we had a break or two while together. Plus we still loved each other. Three weeks went past ,and we had a casual conversation ,but she did keep saying I'm sorry to me, and kept saying that she felt bad. Yesterday I creeped on her, and looked at her snapchat to see a guy in her bed, her smiling, and her posting couple pictures of holding hands, and such. It broke my heart. I can't get those pictures out of my mind. And for some reason I want to find a way to look at her snap chat story again just to see if she keeps doing this. The little piece of hope of getting the most important person in my life is gone I believe. Part of me thinks she may come back if things don't work out or talk to me again as she did previously. I blew up her phone asking who the hell this guy was in her bed.. She blocked me on nearly everything. I feel like she just doesn't want me to exist to her anymore. Part of me feels like she's running away from the fact she hurt someone who she said she loved. I saw us really making it as we never gave up on each other. I feel like she did now. What is wrong with me? Why now? What did I do to push her to another man? I hate that I still love her, and hope she's happy. I shouldn't care. I should be too mad to want to talk to her, but I've been waiting all month. I miss her so much as she was my best friend too. I feel like I can't stop thinking about every aspect of our relationship.. Like did she just use me for my money.. Did she even love. Does she even still care.. I feel like I'm lost in my own head. I don't feel like myself. I constantly feel like I'm about to throw up, my heart aches. I'm constantly sleeping. Nearly constantly crying to my Mom the one person who still gives a fuck. I don't know how I will handle if I ever get to talk to her again.. I don't know to be happy to hear her voice again or cry or be mad.. I hope this isn't the end for us. I'm praying that she will be back, and realize she made a mistake. I don't know if it makes me a bad person to hope that she gets Karma or realizes she rushed into a new relationship or they break up so she comes running back to me.. I hate myself for wanting that as I shouldn't want to be a second option. I feel like she was the main thing she kept me smiling.. I don't even want to talk about her anymore, but I feel like I can't stop myself from thinking about her. Part of me feels like I need to be alone part of me doesn't want to be alone right now because my thoughts get the best of me. Why do I even care at this point? I shouldn't. I feel like she's throwing away real true love just for someone closer. I know distance is hard, and not perfect, but we didn't give up. I was planning on moving for her. All my mind keeps thinking about what I can do.. Like send her a letter in hopes that she will talk to me after reading it. In reality I can't do anything. The last things I have to even contact her is a phone number that she never answers me, and an address. I just can't stop thinking. I feel overwhelmed. I just feel betrayed ,and hurt. I just wish she would at least talk to me, and answer my questions. Maybe she will in time. I just feel like more, and more time apart the less she will even think about me or care about me.. In reality I can't force her to talk to me or force her to be with me. It's very hard to accept that I'm helpless. I want to just buy a flight ,and show up on her door. 