Struggling to connect my inner and outer experience and to focus on myself and not everyone else. Childhood emotional neglect, maybe BDD (Body Dismorphic Disorder). Long read.Dear Reddit,

I have tried to write parts of this post many times in my head. I've made a TLDR in the end. It feels strange to actually write it now because there is a certain concreteness to it. I also have a hard time to find the right words. This might get long. I try to write as truthfully as I can, yet there are also lots of assumptions and things that could be told quite differently, which makes it hard to to for me because I want to be authentic and honest.

I've been in therapy for about two years now (weekly sessions with at times a month or so break and haven't been there for about a month now). I have learned a lot about myself, my family, emotions, other people, how to better stand up for myself and more. But at times it feels like I haven't made any progress at all. My therapist pretty much said that it is now up to me, I can kill myself or I can decide to accept and love myself (or continue in the world of waiting for things to change on their own)

It seems like I haven't my emotional needs met when I was younger and thus learned that I am not okay which led to running away from myself (reading, video games, overeating, people pleasing, not knowing what I want, not taking initiative, always asking others for reassurance, etc). That't what my therapist said but it is not easy to agree because part of me says that I was too stupid and lazy to do better even when I knew how to at later stages like at university. It is called Childhood Emotional Neglect. Nothing obviously bad happens like being raped, hit, etc but instead something is not done and leaves a -to the outside- invisible scar. And it is also not easy to see something you haven't got, especially because I tried to talk to people and they mostly said they don't get it because everything is ok with me, that i should stop whining.  I craved attention but didn't know how to express it. I became good at not showing how I feel. When I started drinking alcohol there were times where the smallest trigger would bring all the self hatred and hopelessness and lonelyness to the forefront and of course people noticed but it took quite a while until I started to talk about the whys and even then I didn't really fully share. I was afraid that they would agree with me perceiving myself as not good enough, as not loveable. I assume that I projected that onto my body. Like I was afraid to shower after sport lessons at school out of fear of being laughed at. I developed a system that monitors how people react and that tries to predict how people will think about me while also trying to communicate as non hurtful as possible because of the fear that if I hurt people they will not love me and instead not like me. So I guess you could say that my inner child needs an inner parent that can bring both of them together as a team.

I tend to seek help on the outside, not trusting myself enough or not feeling what I want. But in the end its not too helpful because everyone tells you something different according to their life experiences, believes etc and how you tell the problem and so on. Yet while knowing this the impulse to do it is very strong. At times I feel like a child in a grown mens body asking for someone to take the pain away and love me.

&amp;#x200B;

A while back I was on a trip. The night before it started I spent with a friend in the same bed (he is male as well and I am not sexually interested) I couldn't sleep well and at some point during the night, his knee touched my leg. I didn't move because it felt good. Not in a sexual way but just because there was another human being and I could feel him. I feel shame that such a small thing means so much but maybe it shows the need for intimacy. On the trip I met a woman who was very physical with most people (hugs mostly). Of course I developed feelings or rather the inner child latched onto signs of attention. I eventually told her and she said that anything in the direction of being with someone is the last thing she is thinking about right now (she had some really hard experiences right before the trip that weren't resolved yet) but that she also feels really close to me and deep friendship. After the trip she invited me to help her with something (she lives quite far away from me) and I was torn between wanting to see her and knowing that the feelings are too intense for how much I know her. I went for a few days, but I couldn't just be me because I didn't want to be needy but the needful feelings were very strong and thus I wasn't relaxed when we were together. It also openend up the feeling of abandonment, of deep lonelyness in my heart that I had never felt before. That was actually a good thing because I could then bring my attention to the feeling. I left her place after a few days because I didn't want to bring my negative feelings and wanted to resolve them first. I have tried to do that since then with mixed results. I can still feel her hugs, I want to talk to her, get to know her better and at the same time my brain tells me that it will never work out because even if something were to evolve I would be jealous and make mistakes and be needy etc and thus fail whatever could happen. She asked me to find out whether I really liked her as a person or if she is just a tool for my projections if you will. I am pretty sure that I like her as a person but those other feelings are still there and need processing. I am telling this because I can understand much of it rationally but the emotions can't just be shut off. They need time. I have an event coming up where the team from the trip will meet again. I am afraid to go, afraid that the wounds will be open again, that I'll not be able to just be there but instead will be craving attention from her and also bring people down with my worries and negative feelings.

There are times where I feel free, where music resonates in my body and thus it is a different experience to listent to it. At those times my energy is directed way more towards the outside world, observation, listenting, caring, expressing, etc compared to inwards directed energy that is focussed on keeping myself "safe" from possible hurtful experiences and thus not really being present in the moment. I had people ask me if I had taken drugs or so in those moments and i was just like "nope, I just don't feel blocked at the moment". Yet those times don't last long and I can feel things coming back into place like weights put into the front of my head, a heavier chest, a heavy fulness. The free times are only a faint memory by then.

So why do I want to kill myself? There is the internal part of old pains, feeling less then others, feeling regret for not using my time better, the craving for intimacy for being close to others, self hatred etc. I can manage that most of the time pretty successfully. What I don't seem to be able to resovle is the combination with my outside reality. Meaning how I look like. I am not sure if it is BDD (Body Dismorphic Disorder), I know that at least part of it is my defense mechanism that is trying to protect me by trying to be perfect and secure before allowed to express my energy fully, to "be myself" if you want to call it that. Of course perfection and total security are not achievable and thus there can always be a reason to hide, run, procrastinate, stay in bed.

I have yellow teeth, that are crooked, have white stains, some translucency and also some brownish staining. My dentist says that my dental care is above average and when I mentioned the discolouration he just said its okay or something like that. Other people told me that they perceive them as normal. (I agree that they are natural and natural teeth aren't paper white, yes. But I also see other peoples teeth my age and they are way more pleasant to look at. And I am not talking about instagram but in real life. And yes there are people with way worse teeth. But most of the time when I look in the mirror I can feel the disgust in my chest and I don't want to feel like that about myself or about anyone else. I guess it is because it reminds us about death and decay) 

That's why I thought about BDD. I have pretty much all of the symptoms, my sister told me to look into it because she doesn't see it as that bad. My therapist only said that its not too bad (how my teeth look like) and that his teeth look the same (he is twice my age). Yet BDD is about a perceived flaw and  I don't just imagine that my teeth dont look very nice. They are also shifting which creates a lot of fear. I find myself comparing my teeth with other peoples teeth and being afraid of rejection. I find it very hard to even talk about it because for me it is a big trigger while some others don't seem to mind. I tried to just accept it and see that how I look like is not everything. But I also find myself judging people on how they look like and feeling attraction, no attraction or maybe even repulsion by how people look like.

I've also worked for a paraplegic guy who's body doesn't look too nice and yet I found myself loving him (platonically) and feeling the connection through our eye contact, the way he cares for his team, me feeling how he feels about his family, seeing how hard his life is and that there are also times of fun and carelessness even when there is pain and hardship. I struggle to bring these elements together. I hate that the world seems to work that way. That looks aren't everything but that they also play a big part and can have a big impact on first impressions at least. Now you could say: "Why dont you just get veneers or whiten and straighten your teeth?" And I have thought about it but there is fear of something going wrong. It is expensive. Part of me says its not authentic. Part of me just hates me for not taking better care and using my braces better when I had them. With veneers for example theres this inner critic that says yeah well at best they hold up for 10 years and you got to do it again and people will judge you for it too, you might judge yourself still or you will find other areas of yourself you don't like. I always check in mirrors how my teeth look, I know that lighting conditions play a huge role. When with others my brain sends images of how bad my teeth look and then thoughts on how they might think about them and me but not tell me because one doesnt do that. So I don't smile as much even if I love smiling unless I am with someone I really trust and know for a while. I am tense and thus not really in the moment with most people. I can't see how it can really be better. When alone at home or at the phone I can be way more open and fun because I know the other person doesn't see me. At times this intense self hatred combined with regret and pain and loneliness comes in and then the impulse to kill myself is the strongest. But for the last two years or so I can't think of many days (maybe 10) where I did not think about suicide at least once per day. Or about how it could affect people. How they might think back about the current moment or about what I said when I commit suicide and they think back about past memories.

I noticed that killing myself will not be as easy as I thought. And I don't want to bring pain to the people who love me. I'd rather bring them joy. At the moment I mostly am cause for sorrow and pain and even annoyance. There are many things to take care of (if I don't want one of my relatives having to do it) and letters to write etc. But maybe that is also a way of not comitting to it because there is still some hope. And I don't want to kill myself, I just don't want to live like I do and I don't see a solution (that doesn't take years). Yet there are possbile solutions that my inner critic quickly dismisses as not going to work because xy can go wrong or other problems will come up, the solution not being authentic and perfect etc.

I have to make some decisions very soon. I suck at making decisions most of the time (or with a growth mindset in mind I should better say I am still learning to make decisions faster and more efficiently) Pushing them back, doing other things, distracting myself. I can keep on living like I do at the moment, which doesn't feel too much like being alive most of the time. I am lucky to have some money safed so at least for the moment theres no immediate existential threat, but in the bad times I feel like if I kill myself then I could at least give the money to people who can then enjoy their life a little more. Also even with all the pain it might cause it will bring some relieve to my family with all the uncertainty and worry (I've talked to some them about my thoughts).

Part of me says that even if I resolve the self hatred and self image problems etc. Then there are still the realities of most peoples lifes, like long work hours, environmental problems, not much time for friends and family/and or hobbies etc. so why keep going. I know that there are answers to that, answers that are different for everyone and that from a materialistic viewpoint I am in the top percentages of the world.

A while back I made the decision to give myself a year and give everything during that year, feel pain when it arises and find work. But the hopelessness always comes back with especially the physical triggers that wont go away on their own. I even found some jobs that I'd really like to do but so far only rejections. One came in today for a job where I felt like I had all the qualifications or at least the energy to learn and throw my energy into.

The good thing about my not so good decision making and follow through is that I am still here ;) I set a date before and then someone called and things looked a bit better and I thought well theres x coming up I can make it until there and maybe I get a jobinterview etc to have a focus and something to do.

If something is unclear please ask. I can understand if you think that I am not having it so bad and I should be happy or something like that, I get it. From an outside view I think that myself at times. Especially because there are those times where the inner blockades dissolve and theres the energy to do, to experience, to share love, etc. and I feel like its not to bad or like one time this summer where there was so much fun just going for a job, listenting to music and feeling ready to do something crazy (in a good way). But that lasted for 1,5 days max and back to the usual.

There is not just negativity. I've been told that I am a good listener and thus able to help people open up, that I have a big heart, that I am very good at analyzing emtions, I am genuinely interested in other people, I am creative (especially visually), have a sense of humor (although that depends from person to person you'd ask \^\^)

(Having written this wall of text, it feels useless because I know that in the end I have to act whatever the decision is and while we can assist each other, action, self love and answers have to come from the inside. It also feels freeing to just type things out and yet there is a part that tries to see how people will react to it, if anyone will at all and whether it is stupid to post at all.)

Thank you very much for reading. I wish you all the best.

B.

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: Childhood emotional neglect -&gt; perfectionsm while knowing, seeing and experiencing that I am far from perfect; self hatred; longing for connection and being understood; regrets; blaming myself for not caring better about myself when I was younger -&gt; mostly emotional pain that doesn't seem to get better while in the grips of it and physical triggers that make sure I don't forget about it