On paper, my life looks pretty fucking fantasticI have a family that loves me and, after 31 years of putting up with my shit (that has only escalated as the years go on), still continues to love me. I, on the other hand, dodge family events like the plague, and if I do show up I make excuses to leave early, or I end up crying in the bathroom or getting into a fight with my parents over ridiculous shit. They recently made a donation to my state's charity for survivors of sexual violence and told me that they did so...using the factual information that I have (I am a victim of sexual violence and finally told them about a year and a half ago), combined with my stupid fucking brain twisting every goddamn thing that people ever try to do for me into some kind of plot against me, I immediately assumed they were guilt-tripping me for not being around a lot recently due to depression, and I lost it...and my fay was ruined (which I'm 99.9% positive was not their intention in making a donation).

I have a boyfriend who I started dating when I was 16 who also still continues to love me, despite my shit and all the shit I've put him through. We've broken up and gotten back together 5 or 6 times over the years...we got back together after almost 4 years apart in October, and I'm terrified that he is going to realize I am just TOO MUCH for him to handle and cut the cord (while a lot about me was the same 4 years ago, so much is so different now, and trauma + periods of heavy and hard substance use + decreased ability to regulate my emotions and impulses + prolonged malnutrition--I've had an eating disorder for 2 decades, and I've spent the better part of the past 4 years significantly underweight--is probably throwing him for a loop).

A job that actually is meaningful to me, through which I get to help others who struggle with mental health diagnoses. My job description does not explicitly say "give others mental health care advice," but more often than not, I end up doing just that (I always preface any kind of advice/suggestions with "This is coming from a non-clinician, but [blah blah blah]"). Anytime somebody thanks me for whatever, whether it's for simply listening to them, telling them about a mental health resource their own fucking doctor didn't tell them about (who knew there is a crisis text line? Apparently zero psychiatrists in my part of the midwest), or working reeeally hard to get them seen by a MHP at our clinic sooner than 3 months from now (because as we all know, 3 months is way too long to wait if you're hurting), I feel my heart grow a little bigger. But not long after that, I chastise myself, because who the fuck am I to be doling out mental health advice?? If any of these people I "help" were a fly on the wall in my apartment (the state of which is a metaphor for my life, as one of my parents told me one time after seeing it not even at its full potential of filth), they would see strewn about months of dirty laundry and dishes, empty beer and diet coke cans, prescription bottles (some of which I'm prescribed, some I'm just stockpiling), and just straight up garbage. Garbage and mess everywhere. I am disgusted with myself even more every time I come home to this shithole.

I could go on, but I realize this got way too long.

TL;DR I have so many reasons to live, but none of them are enough to make me want to continue living. This alone makes me feel like a selfish, entitled piece of shit, and just makes my desire to die even stronger. 
Please give me reasons to live that will actually change my mind about committing suicide.