I just can’t take it anymore.I’m autistic, and because of that, my mom thinks I can’t succeed in this world, and unfortunately, she’s right.

I’m currently in a 2-year community college but I feel like this will be my last (and only). I have just under a month left of classes before I hit summer vacation and one of the classes that I’m in involves making art out of wire, paper, fabric, etc. I feel like I’ve basically failed that class, and in return, have given up my dreams of becoming a professional critic / Internet personality.

My mom isn’t even my biological mom. I was “adopted”, in this case, the egg and sperm of a donor were put into my “mom’s” womb, and out came me prematurely. My “mom” likes to call me a 1-pound premie, but I think it’s better off it I was known as a 1-pound deathbed.

I do have some friends online that do care about me to an extent, but it usually stops with shit like “I’ll have you in my thoughts”, or “Talk to someone you trust”, or “Call *insert hotline number*”. None of these have really helped me. I have contacted a hotline in the past and that ended in nothing to help me. I’ve also talked to a psychologist for about 10 months (last contact was in August 2017), and that hasn’t helped either.

I just wish that my friends online knew much more about my situation, and how I’m just trying to get a better life. The problem is that mom has become very restrictive regarding what I can and can’t do, and it’s making me feel like she’s this darkness that has no light to save me from its grasp.

I had run away before, but ended up contacting mom after I ran out of money. She put $300 into my bank account so I could return home.

I did. Biggest mistake I have ever made.

Since then, she has threatened to fire me from my only job (a child care center in my home), kick me out of the house, and garnish money from my bank account; all of which have been unsuccessful because she’s “sorry” about it.

She’s been acting like that for almost 7 months now, and I’ve felt like I’ve been pushed to me breaking point.

So yeah, basically nobody that I know (IRL / online) cares about me, and my mom is like a demon that saps my creativity out of me.

I wish that I had never existed. I wish that people actually cared about me. I wish that I had been born to my biological mom. **I wish that I had a better life.**

Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to cry until my breathing is shallow and then maybe do something with my car.