I think tonight is the night. There's just one thing holding me back.As the title states, I think tonight is the night. I already have a plan, and have done research to ensure if I follow through there will be no waking up. Just 2 nights ago I started talking to an old friend. I was surprised to find out she really missed me, and I missed her too. We stopped talking because we were going to go on a date but because of a misunderstanding I thought she had stood me up. I felt as if I had deserved it because I have done some... less than kind things in the past. I have no idea why but she always forgives me, and it's not like her to forgive people like she does me. We have a pretty long history and I've seen how she treats other people who do things that hurt her. But she has never acted like that to me. Well I'm 15 (almost 16) and still learning to drive. My family including me was out of town and my dad asked me to drive to dinner. We had been fighting all night, as we usually do. I said something to him in the car as we were driving out "One day you're going to regret saying all that you did to me, and I'm not going to be there to forgive you when you do." This infuriated him and he yelled at me whenever he got the chance. It was night and i was going too fast around a corner with bald tires and crashed his $100,000 car. Needless to say he exploded. We had to get the car towed. They went to dinner and I stayed in the hotel and slit my wrists for the first time. I always though people did it as a cry of help. I don't know why I did it but I took a knife out of my wallet and slit them where they would be covered up by my watch. I looked at my cut wrists and I was somewhat shocked by how little I cared about the fact I had just slit my wrists. I have been researching how to kill myself and I have come up with the perfect plan. Tonight in about 3 hours and 20 minutes I'm going to load a 12 gauge with buckshot and point it at my head. I don't know whether I will actually pull the trigger but I will decide when I have the gun to my head. I took a shower and though about all I will miss. The only thing I can really think of is that girl. I feel as if I owe it to her to stay alive. She knows how bad my anxiety is and has talked to me about it before. I would be talking to her right now but My dad took my phone and I have no way of reaching her.  Another reason why she is so important is because She is my only friend. I'm far from socially awkward but I switched schools and everyone at my school is an outcast and I can't stand anyone there. I'm kind of lost and posted this just to hear some other opinions. There is a lot of detail I am missing but I tried to sum it up as best as I could.

Edit: I should add these suicidal thoughts are nothing new. But I feel as if I have reached the tipping point.