19 and increasingly thinking about committing suicide.Hello everyone,

I'm a young man, I started engaging in self-destructive behavior and hating myself at the age of 7. My parents noticed this, I went to see a shrink, and it went better. I had a few moments in my life where nothing seemed to go the right way after that, but I kind of always got over it. 

However, I started a depression back in the winter, mostly because of my studies. I've always been very demanding towards myself, and my teachers have become increasingly demanding too, which led me to this depression when my grades started to disappoint both me and my teachers. I thought I was cured, I was wrong. A week ago, the depression came back, and it was even stronger than before. 

I hate myself for not working enough, for not being good enough, for disappointing myself and others, for being mean to others when I'm nervous and tired. I sometimes get mad at myself, I yell at myself, and I even hit myself when I lose my nerves. When I think about suicide, I think about my relatives and I am even more convinced I'm a horrible person. I'm pretty privileged, I have loving parents and siblings, and friends I can trust, and though I say I'm disappointed with my results at exams, I don't do that bad, which makes me think I'm an even more horrible person because I can't be happy with that. My studies aren't a valid reason for being depressed. War in my country would be a valid reason. The death of a close relative would be a valid reason. A terminal illness (I've been wishing I had one lately) would be a valid reason. Sometimes I think there must be another way to explain the way I currently feel.

Talking of relatives, none of them has a clue of how depressed I am. I live alone in a small flat, so I don't see my family every day. I talk with my friends and classmates a lot, and we have a lot of fun together. When I'm alone, my negative feelings come back and I start thinking about suicide again.

I can imagine how shocked they would be when I die of suicide. The thing is there will be only one attempt. I've figured a pretty efficient method to do it, and I hope it will leave a doubt I didn't want to kill myself in the first place. I don't want my relatives to know I kept on hating myself. I don't want them to be sad because they couldn't keep me in this world. I swear to you, they've done pretty well at the moment. I don't want to talk about my depression with them, mainly because it's terribly humiliating to me, and because I fear not being able to suicide if I talk about those suicidal thoughts.

Sorry for my possible grammar mistakes and my writing style, and thank you in advance for listening.