I'm ready to give upNot sure where to turn anymore. This is literally just a vent so don't feel pressured to read this I just needed to write down my thoughts and Reddit is my saving grace for ranting. I just feel like I'm out of directions to turn. My depression is bad despite my 30mg Abilify and now 150mg Lamictal, which is being steadily upped by my psychiatrist to curve the depression. I have awful urges to self harm. I'm planning on relapsing tonight - isn't that a fucked up sentence?? PLANNING on RELAPSING. That's just where I am right now. I've started intermittently starving myself as another means of punishment, but it's difficult with family and Easter so that's why ultimately I come back to self harm. I am only happy when I'm at work and I only work twice this week which fucking sucks. All I do is sleep all day. I just want to escape everything. School torments me - everything is due in a couple weeks and I've started nothing. I probably won't pass my 3 classes for the semester and that's going to be a huge fucking issue with my parents. But it's too late to drop the semester for mental health and I'm kicking myself for not doing that in January when all the therapists in PHP told me to. And once school is over ALL I'm going to do is sleep anyway so even that's not really a win, it's just one stressor gone. I just feel like such a failure. I want to die but I'm scared to attempt again until I'm sure I can get it right and I don't have a way to get it right. The first time I had the exact right pills and I didn't finish the job and I loathe myself every single fucking day for not killing myself when I had the chance to, because now I'm stuck living this stupid fucking useless life as a waste of space and there's nothing to be done about it. I just have to suffer through this. At least I can self harm. And maybe summer will be canceled from Corona so I don't have to worry about showing everyone my scars. Anywho, just a rant I had to drop. Feel free to ignore, just feels better to post it somewhere - it's therapeutic you know?