The only reason I'm alive is by distracting myself.I can't afford to move out of my parents house, they need most all of my check to keep the place, I'm being made to cosign on a 275k house we absolutely can't afford, i have to care for my grandfather anytime I'm not at work, i can't afford to pay to go back to college as they made me dropout to work more. 

I went almost completely apathetic years ago when my father essentially shutdown after my mother was caught cheating when i was 10, she left, he stopped looking after me at all for a month or so. We were much more broke growing up, i moved 1-2 times every year due to evictions, changing schools, never keeping friendships, never had a best friend, only ever 1 relationship that I quickly gave up on due to lack of me caring anymore. 

My adopted brother had groomed and raped me growing up, him following the exposure his actual mom's prostitution had him witness. I'm now in my early 20s, no friends or interest in keeping any, no money, no reason to live, no motivation to do what used to keep me distracted as it no longer has any appeal.

All I've had lately are suicidal thoughts or a completely blank mind. I don't care if people find my body, I'll be dead, not my problem. I don't care about leaving notes or giving away possessions, I'll be dead not my stuff any more. I don't care if people will miss me, I'll be dead, not my life any more. I don't care how painful the method is, after I die that will very quickly stop being an issue. 

I don't have a good enough reason to fix anything, the money to get professional help, or a reason to even say anything to a therapist. Even if I find a way to keep distracting myself after this, it's a matter of time before i grow bored of it. I don't plan on growing old, working constantly, losing control of my body, of the precision I have now. I'd rather have my mind shut down like yanking the plug on a computer.

I'm not entirely sure why I'm bothering to make this post, probably just gathering information i can't view myself.