I'm so tired of all this painI am nothing but a burden to everyone around me. I'm too poor to afford healthcare and rent, but making too much to get on a medicare plan.

I feel like shit because I know it would devastate my wife if I finally succeeded in killing myself but just being alive is agony.

I literally fantasize about death hundreds of times a day.

I can even cut fucking vegetables anymore without taking the knife and nicking my fingers or wrists or arms on purpose anymore. 

I've skipped so many meals, and lied to her about eating when I never did. Most of the time when I eat I feel happy and that feeling pisses me off so I go make myself throw up because I don't think I deserve the food.

I'm tired all the time, nothing makes me happy anymore,  none of my hobbies are interesting to me anymore. I try and sleep but when I close my eyes all I can do is think of thousands of ways to kill myself or hurt myself. It stresses me out and I space out for hours thinking about it, when I do I clench my jaw so hard it hurts all day. 

I chew into my cheeks every night and my mouth always tastes like blood in the morning, I have nightmares of chewing all the way through.

Whenever I do sleep it's short and not restful, I have nightmares about upsetting my wife, arguing with her, or losing her. I have nightmares about failure, about how often I lose my jobs. I worked at a savemart and they fucked me over, cut my hours and removed me from the meat department the moment I turned in my disability accommodations letter from my doctorel. They treated me like subhuman garbage every day after that, and it's honestly what began this downward spiral.

I just want to die. Tomorrow while my wife is at work I am going to hang myself. Apartment maintenance is scheduled to be by before she is off work so they should find the body before she does.

I'm done with everything, I'm done with disappointing everyone, I'm done fighting my anxiety and depression every day and losing every day. 

I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired.

Most of all I'm tired of failing at everything I set out to do. Tomorrow I'm not fucking around, if the world wants me dead then fuck it I'm going out on my own terms.

Honey if you're reading this, none of this is your fault. I know this was selfish and cruel of me, I don't expect you to ever forgive me, all I hope is that you someday realize I'm just holding you back. I hope you accept you can do better and move on from me quickly. You are loved by everyone around you and Ian and Ellen will be there for you. My mom loves you so much too, and she would be more than happy to have you live with her while you get on your feet again. 

 Be stronger than me, you're the love of my life, you're beautiful, strong, smart and tough. You can make it through anything honey.

I'm sorry I couldn't give us a child, my body is just all sorts of fucked up, but at least this means you won't be raising a child alone, I've got bad genes anyhow.

I'm so sorry Terra, you didn't deserve this,you were always way out of my league and now I've just caused you so much pain. If you were the one who found my body I am so sorry

Goodbye, I hope the world treats you better than it has me