Raped in childhood, bullied in teenhood, shitty grades in uni and now an 18 year old piece of trash waiting to die.I was raped in the fifth grade by couple of teenage students but I told no one about it because I was told so (fuck me) and my parents were already abusive so I kept it in. I developed a fear of my dad watching porn and deleted his saved videos. Last year I got caught and smacked so I finally told him about my problem and he blatantly told me that he didn't care.

I wore glasses, braces, mismatched charity clothes because my dad used to AND STILL gets $20/hr while my mom is a housewife and so I got bullied lots in my teenage years but I got honor roll always and I thought it would get better in college but now I have heavy depression from the build up and I can't talk to anyone, at all. It's become so bad that I am mute in front of my parents after I snapped and screamed when my dad told me he didn't care about me being raped. That fight I thrashed and screeched like a crazy person and I sometimes still do when they even use their soft voice to lecture me. I am spending my uni break browsing reddit, 4chan, watch anime and role play. I have panic attacks every other day because I have no experience and I got a 2.0 GPA in my first year and have no money, no networking because my friends has high GPA and left me for new uni friends. 

I found a shitty retail job $10/hr after sending &gt;20 empty resumes and my current managers patronize me and I work 8hrs a day with only a half an hour unpaid lunch break and no coffee breaks. I just recently changed my availabilities so I work 3 days a week because I want to crawl back into my fantasy and roleplay at home where I feel most comfortable in my room and have my panic attacks in peace. 

I'm sorry for my disorganized paragraphs but I don't have time to clean up the clutter. It's very late and I still have to wake up early for work tomorrow.

I try so hard to make friends in all of my classes but no one cares. I suppress being raped and bullied by myself till adulthood and when I finally got the courage to talk I get struck in the face. I look forward and encourage others to look forward but 

I really just want something to live for. All my life I've lived honestly and sincerely to myself without hurting others but why does the hurt always come to me?

TL;DR  below poor family, abusive apathetic parents, raped when I was 11, bullied in teen but really smart, now 2.0GPA, no exp, no friends, shitjob that bullies me and enough pills to give me a fantasy