i cant control my anger !!!!hello guys/girls ! im not a born english speaker. so my english will have grammatical mistakes. but i ll try to explain this in a good manner. Do note that this is 100% real and i just wanted to tell this ...

 since i was little i was kinda antisocial and was afraid to go in to crowded places. and i have to tell you that i was shy too. my parents are just normal parents any one of you could have. although my dad was kinda strict when i do bad things(any dad is like this). but hes nice. its just he has a huge temper when i or anyone do anything wrong.(plz dont think my dad is abusing or anything. i love him so much.its just his temper is crazy). when i was in school i was kinda alone. i had friends and it was never hard nor easy to make friends. but i never did progressed with life like going to parties, study nights sort of things students do. and i liked to hurt little animals like kittens and chicks.(if i rememebr it right it was kinda an sudden impule a feeling i felt when i was a child :( but now i dont feel like this. i love animals and plants so much.i dont know what changed in me )things progressed and i stopped talking to people even best friends. its just i dont have anything to talk unless its a topic which i like. even with my family or my inner circle i always kept my silence until they speak about something. i wasn't that good with studies but i liked science and music(even now).i felt anger in these days but not in a huge rate like im feeling now.

 i grew up and now im 23 years old. after school i enrolled to a university(currently in my last year) and now im doing an internship in software eng. i somehow managed to talk with people now. its good and it wasn't like before. but i always felt an emptiness in my heart and when im alone i think about stuff which i wasn't able to do and what is worse is i always thought about what i dont have. for an example im short af ! im 5'2 and has 40kg weight. and i had this weight for over 5 years, i was slim always and never able to increase my height nor my weight or muscle mass. all of my friends are well developed they have nice body figures but i dont have.  i was depressed over this and about the fact why im not like other people..from age 21 i noticed my anger isn't normal. its so impulsive that i even do things which i couldn't believe. when im angry i dont blame others or fighting with anyone. i just keep it to myself. and to release the temper i break stuff. but i stopped doing this because i have broken over 3 laptops,2 mobile phones etc because of my temper and i cant always afford new one. so instead i try to hurt myself when ever im angry. i had a BIGG ANGER OUTBURST last 2 week i almost bite off the flesh from my inner forearm. it was painful and i think the bite force did something to a vein inside my hand and from that day my hand is still feeling numb in a some area. when in a huge anger outbursts im having this impulse to drive a knife over me or do a very serious damage to myself. so i will just hit my head or hit a wall until its over. its just so destructive and im doubting i can live with anyone like this. im afraid i will hurt someone badly because of my anger. the reason for anger is anything. if i cant do anything i get mad and the worst part is, it progresses. if i fail at a game (i played league of legends and recently i quited.), my anger will burst out like a raging fire. some ares in my body hurt because i hit them with my fist. i always feel very gloomy and sad. when im not with anyone i think abut alot and get depressed.when that happens i smoke. will this get worst? am i having a mental illness ? i need your opinion plz. 

PS : i smoke weed like everyday. not an alchol abuser. never did dangerous stuff like heroin or meth. But tried acid 3 times and all the 3 times i had good trips.