Constantly feeling stressed, suicidal, and anxiety-ridden. I'VE HAD ENOUGH, SOMEONE FUCKING STOP THIS.So, this is probably going to turn into a wall of text but I'll try to keep this short and sweet.

I guess this started about a year ago when I had my first panic attack at 16. It was horrible, and I've never really recover from that and I've been constantly in a downwards spiral. My anxiety is constant throughout the day, for all that time, never truly giving me a break. Sometimes its manageable when I'm in the my room during the daytime, but anywhere else it's a fucking painful cancer. Even things like movies and themeparks make me want to cry and puke from anxiety. Sometimes I get lucky and I get a couple minutes burst of endorphins, but those are quick and only put the anxiety in the background. Everything is just so difficult to do now.

This anxiety has caused worse and worse mental health. My memory and focus is completely shot because I can't sleep at night (typing this at 3 A.m). I can't even get to sleep unless there's sunlight coming in, causing me to be in a vicious cycle of sleeping from 4 A.M to 12 P.M. I've tried so much to get me back to normal but my body simply will not cooperate. If I go to bed at 9 P.M I'll wake up a hour later in a sweat and bursting with energy I can't use.. It's exhausting and I had it. I just want to have a normal sleeping pattern of 11 P.M- 8 A.M.

My appetite is out of control. I'm not hungry during the day and starving during the night. I hate it so fucking much. 

Over the past six months self-harm and suicidal thoughts are becoming worse. My day is bombarded with thoughts of hanging myself, throwing myself down the stairs, and chocking myself out. Now sometimes when I close my eyes I see a grotesque image. I'ts becoming more and more frequent.

I don't have any friends and I'm going insane from that. My parents are completely emotionally unavailable and useless. Every time I bring it up, I get stepped on ignored. They constantly keeping me on a leash, refusing to let me out of the house until they so decree. I don't even have a single fucking friend. How the hell does a fucking teenager now have any friend how the hell could some be that stupid jesus fucking christ. My only grace is I found a job and can get out of the house part-time. There's nobody around to help.

This is causing me so many problems. Every day feels exhausting and terrifying. Nothing feels real anymore. My emotions and thoughts are clashing like waves. My brain just won't fucking stop being so mean. I'm woozy and faintish whenever I stand up. I don't have motivation to game or write anymore, which I used to love. Everything just hurts me now.

I honestly just want to die and get this the hell over with, I just want rest. I just want everything to stop. I'm so fucking honestly and helpless and so far gone I don't know I would even want to live if I got better. This has been the worst year and my fucking life and hopefully the last. 