I need to get outIt's gotten unbelievably bad. I'm just 15 and a sophomore and my family life is so bad. I need to stay at home to go to school, because I need to get a good education so I can get a scholarship and never come back home. I am trying to get perfect grades so I never am financially dependent on my family. But there's a lot of fighting and hitting, and I want to leave, but if I do, I'll go to a different school that is worse than the one I go to. I know I should get my priorities straight or something, but the public school I go to is one of the best in the state. I want to call the police, but I can't. I know that I'm eventually going to kill myself, whether it's in high school, or later, I'm going to do it. I just wrote this to vent, I don't know. I feel like throwing up right now. 

Honestly, even when I think about getting a scholarship, and leaving home forever, I still can't help want to die. Even on my own, without people trying to hurt me or calling me names, I just can't see a reason to live. I used to just think I would wait until college, and see if I still wanted to do it, but now I feel like I have to. It's a weird thing. When I was in middle school, I thought "I'll wait until high school, I've never experienced it, maybe it'll get better". I was very stupid. Then I thought "I'll wait until college, it'll get better then" but now I realize I can't wait that long. I used to see myself in college, or a little after, deciding in the future, but now I just see maybe living until next year. 

I don't want to live anymore. But the only thing stopping me is my family. It sounds weird, but it's true. I know what they'll say if I die. That I was mentally ill, that I had no friends, that I was abusive to them. But I wasn't. My mom even likes to tell the neighbors when there's screaming that it's me. That's also why I don't get many jobs around the town, because people think I'm unstable. But people will believe them before me. Last year at my school, a kid killed himself. I saw people who didn't even know him crying about how sad they were and how they miss him. I don't know if people will do this for me, but I know people use a person's death to get attention, and I can't have that happen. Sorry for how long this is, I just needed to vent or something. 