Love of my life ruined my life , want to stop livingHey,          and sorry about all the mistakes , English isn't my native language

This has been a burden I had to carry for 5 years now and I need to tell someone because I can't go on anymore , I'm empty!

So 5 years ago I met THE love of my life (atleast for me). The feeling I have when I'm with her is just *no words can discribe it*.
I never loved someone like this and I don't know anyone who loves someone the way I love her. She is perfect for me and I STILL love her till this day (and probably till i die) EVEN AFTER EVERYTHING.

BUT, I started noticing eventhough she loves me and likes me and all that , she is in constant need of attention from other men.
It even turned out the night that I met her , we chatted till 3am , She lied to me and said she was going to sleep but infact she was blowing my best friend in the room next to me. (figured this out 2 years in relationship and was like ok np we wern't a thing , blabla)

SHE LIES TO EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!
She has some kind of 'disturbing thing' , she has to lie.

She cheated on my with 5-6 guys that I know off and everytime she lied and lied and lied , I always figured it at that time but she lied and lied so I was never sure. Months later she would finaly admit or trick herself with inconsistent lies or friends who would tell etc etc.

And it always ended up with me saying sorry and it was all my fault .

I KEEP FORGIVING HER.
I just keep forgiving her because I can't live without her! I know i'm stupid for that but hey , I'm human and in love...

But every time , a piece of me died , our relationship became more toxic , I became toxic , I changed.
My whole life turned into a giant mess becoz I simply can't give a fuck about anything anymore ( yes I know this is a depression ...)

I AM IN PAIN!
I'm in constant pain , every touch , every kiss , everytime I think about her I feel alllll those past moments (O yeah I have a super photograpic memory so I have this list in my head with every cheat/thing she did wrong over the past 5 years , super healthy ;) )
About a year ago I knew that only way I would never feel this constant pain again is when I .... off myself :(
I can't live without her and I can't go through another cheat again. My life is big chaotic pile of shit.

SHE IS CHEATING ON MY RIGHT NOW.
Yep! She is cheating on my right now , I talked to her about it and give her a choise , him or me , she said me ofc but she can't just dump him you know , he's feeling and shit are super important! She she just keeps on going.... The sad part is all these guys use her and dump her after a few weeks ... but my o my their feelings!

So right now at this moment I just want to DIE!!!!!!!!!!
I'm exhausted , My heart is finaly empty and so is my soul , I'm ready to just give up and die.
I even wrote my damn suicide note already... Havn't eaten for 2 days , I just lay in my bed, ready for death
But I'm to weak , to scared to do it , I've been trying for a year now , but I don't want to feel pain , I just want to... stop living like going to sleep and never wake up.
One of the other reasons I can't do it is because she will think its her fault en she told me she would never forgive me and be mad at me forever , I don't want that!