I tried everything I could think of, even came so close and still failed over and over again.Ever since I turned 18 and had legal rights to change my situation I have tried to do everything I can despite my anxiety to get out of this situation. I'm 20 currently, live in one of the Baltic States and I am losing all hope, the only thing left for me is probably death. I don't have any more friends and I removed all of them from my life because I kept asking them for help and I got angry because they kept telling me they don't know how help me so I removed them all. I don't care about money or fame I am transgender and I am unable to get therapy currently where I am at. I have attempted to suicide several times already and recently I've done it against my will. I can't sleep at night I am always sick and I've had issues with my body I can't afford to get checked out my body feels like living hell sometime and my mind is a jail cell. Ever since my parents divorced after having argued every single night it's only been getting worse. I never had almost any friends because I was a weird kid and honestly I deserved it because I was awful I pissed my self because I was too afraid to go to the bathroom and I bit my toenails and all that nasty stuff. I don't know what to do anymore I tried to escape to America to get therapy and meet my friends that would have helped me, but they did my Visa wrong and I didn't notice until it was too late so the flight failed and I was left here. My life was ruined now I wasted almost all the money I had to spare on that. My mother is in debt I'm completely out of ideas I am willing to escape to any country in Europe that doesn't have forced sterilization for transgender people I'm willing to work and I want to help my mother and sister out when I all stable I want to be a good person and help everyone and I want to see everyone happy, but I don't know where to go I don't know who to message any more. I'm too scared to even post this message because I feel like I have no option left I can only die and there's no point in trying. I want to live and I don't want to push my beliefs on anyone and you are free to hate me for being trans, it's ok. I'm sorry for bothering everyone and I doubt anything can be done to help me. I feel like I will just end up dead no matter what. I apologise for my bad grammar and badly collected thoughts I can't think straight anymore I just want away from here. 