I shouldn’t be sad.My family loves me. They are doing better than they have ever done financially and emotionally. My boyfriend loves me. He has never stopped supporting me even when I’m unreasonable. He tells me and shows me how much he loves me everyday; I still can’t believe he’s mine. I recently graduated as the valedictorian of my class, and I am now heading to a prestigious university that I thought I always wanted to go to. I lost 45lbs through diet and exercise and now have the body I always wanted. I started a skincare routine and have the skin I’ve always dreamed of. I finally think I am pretty after years of only feeling like an ugly monster. I have friends who care about me. They never let me down and support even my boldest decisions. I have almost-endless freedom to explore what I want hobby-wise and interest-wise. I fully believe I can be successful in most anything I pursue as long as I work hard at it. 

My car is beautiful, and I cherish driving everyday. My bed is cozily warm every morning; I love the feeling. 
I love the taste of food and how excited I get over new items I get to try and eat. I love the chicken noodle soup my mother makes for me spontaneously. I love when my boyfriend hugs me from behind. I love his giddy smile and how excited he gets with his friends. I love him. I love my family, my friends, and everything I have in my life. 

Despite all this, I cry myself to sleep almost every night. I waste hours upon hours sobbing to myself in my car and in my bed. I love everything and everybody in my life, but I’m stupidly not happy. As delusional and immature as it sounds, I think I’m meant to kill myself. I cant shake the feeling. I havent been able to shake the feeling. Ive cried for years. It’s only gotten worse. I’ve desperately tried everything to improve myself and my life. Achievements and happy memories and meaningful relationships just seem to fuel the fire. I’m tired of this. I’m tired of crying.

I think life is beautiful, but I don’t want to cry anymore. 

I am sincerely sorry to my friends, my family, my boyfriend, and to myself for being an ungrateful person. I’ve broken my own heart. I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry.