Trapped in my own mind (a bit lengthly)   I've had depression for a very long time. i'm 24 now. The depression started when i was young after first grade. It's been a rough road for me suffice to say. 
  My father is an Alcoholic, he never gets physical but he's usually a mean rotten bastard. he has been as long as i can remember. my mother has been in and out of the hospital all my life. first diabetes, Cancer, beat cancer, got cancer again, beat it again, multitude of surgeries to deal with the aftermath of all the radiation, spinal surgery, intestinal emergency surgery, open heart surgery for vascular disease, stint surgery. The poor woman has been through hell. to watch someone you love go through that is the hardest thing i've ever done. 
  I currently live with both my parents, paying $450 rent for a bedroom( I moved out when i was 19 and lived about 4 years on my own). my nephew is also here. his parents are drug addicts who practically abandoned him to my mother. hasn't talked to his father in 5 years.
   I feel trapped here because I don't want to leave him or my mother who can no longer fend for herself, alone living with my father. He gets Shitfaced every night and comes in the house looking for any stupid reason you can imagine to fight(verbal screaming) my mom. And here i am feeling drained. like i can't go have a life of my own because i'm obligated to deal with the problems my family mostly creates for themselves. 
   I work two labor jobs right now. 40 hours monday through thursday and an additional 10 hours on friday for my second job. It's back breaking dangerous work and i'm tired of having almost nothing to show for it and no time to enjoy anything.
   I've been with two women in my lifetime. the first one broke my heart, the second one stole all my money, then the first one broke my heart again, and then again, and then again.. here i am still waiting for the right moment for things to work between us after 8 years. i know she genuinely loves me and i love her. but she lives in another country which has always been our obstacle(yes I have met her in person. I see her regularly as friends now). And now again i feel like she has led me on just to give up on me one last time. I even Customized an engagement ring for her. I really hope she finds peace and happiness in her life. but i can't start over, i've invested so much of myself into her i feel like i have nothing left to give to anybody.
   I feel drained. I have a sense of direction in life but i don't think i see a point in following it anymore. I woke up one day and saw that i have nothing that i ever wanted and everything that i never asked for. I don't want to live. I'm not Afraid to die. but I can't do this to my mother. but something.. has.. to fucking.. give.. I'm having suicidal thoughts every day now from dawn till dusk.  I know i can fight them, but i'm starting to feel like fighting isn't worth it anymore. i have an overwhelming feeling that i'm going to live my life to die alone with nothing to look back on but hatred for the way things couldn't be. I feel like i'm on a narrow path that i'm forced to take because of circumstances that are out of my hands.