Don't give up yet, happiness does exist!I know, I know.  
Being depressed / lonely / suicidal can be hard.  
No, it IS hard. Been there, done that.
After trying to kill myself about 2 years ago I've been an empty shell.  
Feeling nothing but hate and despair, every day the same thoughts of hopefully getting fucked over by a drunk driver or smth.
Finding relieve in drugs and self harm, to forget that I am not loved and accept the fact that I'm dead inside.  

But let me tell you something - there is still hope!  
I hope it's okay to share something positive, cause I wanna let you know it doesn't have to be over yet.  
Being perfectly fine with trying to end my life one last time - a girl, "full of life" with sparkling eyes and a face straight out a magazine comes into my life, taking me on a rollercoaster full of emotions.  

The past weeks I've been loving, laughing, crying and hating.  
Her kisses makes my heart beat faster than my MDMA pills do.  
She makes me forget all the bad in life when she looks me in the eyes and I can truly be myself with her.  
Even tho' everything crashed together the last weeks - getting a drug charge, returning my driver license for some time and having to stop smoking weed (the only thing that "kept me living") - it all doesn't matter.  
I've been truly loved and was loving the past few days, and even tho' I know she won't be staying with me, even though I love her to pieces.. it's all okay.  

It's like she turned a switch in my head, letting me feel emotions I've forgotten.  
And when it's over and she'll be loving someone new - I'll be fine.
I will do everything to get these feelings back - I think now I know what I've been wanting all the time.  

Hopefully you will find the key to your happiness too. Every person deserves this, no matter what you've done or been through.
But I know for sure Imma try my best to live this life to the fullest and accepted the fact that life isn't always good - but we can try to make the best out of it.  

I know this won't help anyone with their problems, but I hope someone will think about his/her next step after reading this before they'll regret it.

love you all
