I can't love myselfI'm too afraid to live real life. I'm too afraid to grow as a person. I don't even want to try. I just can't try to get better. I can't try to grow as a person because I am afraid of change. I know it's irrational but I can't think myself out of it. I don't WANT to start taking control of the way I talk to myself. I don't WANT to build a positive relationship to myself. I am as afraid of being loving and compassionate to myself as I am to being that way to other people. I don't want to die because life is all we have, but I can't make mine worth it. I can't. It's not that I don't know how. I don't want to start. I do not want to ask myself why I do things. I don't want to decide to be productive or live a fulfilling life. It's too late for me. I can't reach out to people. It's too late. My life is already over. I can't accept my lot in life. I can't accept that I let myself have no close relationships. I can't cope with that. I can cope with the regrets of my past. I can't cope with the life I never got to love because I was always to scared or whatever. I can't start living my real life now. It's too late. I can't cope with the lost time. I can't cope with all the mistakes. I can't cope with all of the lost time. I can't. I just want to escape. I just want to leave. But there's nothing for me afterwards. Absolutely nothing. I can't cope. I can't cope at all. I have failed myself to the point where my life has been inconsequential. It has meant absolutely nothing. I Neve had the impact on others I always wanted to have. It's too late. To everyone in my past I am a complete nobody. I always was a nobody. I have fucked up my life. O can't turn it around. I don't see how. I'm so close to the edge. But nobody can save me. Only I can do that, but I cannot deal with the regret, I cannot deal with the lost time. I can't move on. I can't move on. I can't deal with it. Part of me just wants to to hurt people before I go, but it's only because I have nothing to lose, and I won't get to live. It's also because I'll never get to live my life. I never got to live my life. It feels like a cruel joke. It feels completely unfair. It makes me want to even the score. But I don't know. I can't do it. I don't know. I just can't cope with life anymore. All I want to do is drink my life away and watch porn. I'm going to be homeless. It's all my fault. It was always my fault. I am worthless. I am completely worthless. I just can't cope with life. I can't cope with my past. I can't cope with any of it. I can't cope with the fact that yesterday didn't matter, or the day before that, or the day before that, or the day before that. Death is the only thing I have to look forward to. People don't care. I am a burden to everyone. All they want is what I can give them. A lift. A favor. Work to be done. They don't care about me. No one ever cared about me. I don't care if anyone wants to extend an olive branch anymore. I do t believe other people actually care about each other anymore. It's just not real. It can never be real for me because I've got nothing to offer. I am dead inside. It wouldn't surprise anyone if I killed myself. I am a failure to them for the same reasons I am a failure to myself. I just need to die.