Please just skip thisI feel like there is very little point to anything that I do. I'm always met with bad luck and failure, whilst others (people around me) simply breeze through life. I know that in my 30s I should have realised this a long time ago (and indeed, I did realise this since my late teens) but I just want to rant.

Let me see.

This year, my father died. My home suffered fire damage. And now I have to help out a relative who is going through cancer (financial and daily help). 

I hardly got work (I get paid by assignment). 

In the last few weeks, I had paid about USD 130,000 towards the medical expenses of the said relative. I really need jobs. I had some offers about 2 weeks ago. None of them materialised. Not one of them.

Meanwhile, my colleagues (whom I've known for about 10 years) continue to breeze through work and life, happily. They are one family (for a number of them, literally family members, with the boss being their father/father-in-law/uncle). They get their big projects, their big wins. 

The kinder/smarter ones amongst them have learnt to stay away from me. The mean ones still brag about their success to me, or claim that they have too much work.

I should point out, for a number of these junior members (as in, junior to me be it in age or seniority here), were 'tutored' by me in the past. I helped them when they started their careers. When they were too afraid to trouble their father/father-in-law/uncle with trivial questions.

Yet, they mock me now. They think that I am a failure because I am rubbish. 

To be frank, if anyone of them really wanted to help me, they can easily pass me some of their work. Not their big projects of course, but the tidbits. Yet they don't. They well know I'm struggling but no one even considered helping me. 

I note that I have become mean, at least in my thoughts, towards the said relative. Whenever I think that I would probably use up most if not all my savings, for this relative and also for my elderly mother, I just want to quit life.  To be honest, I think my death right now would benefit them more because I do have savings - I have been very very frugal in the last 10 years. But for my duty towards my mother, to see that I am around to help her with this situation, and to be around in her old age, I have nothing to stay alive for.