I messed up and now I can’t tell if I’m being laughed at or what.I’ve always been fairly unconfident in how I am in public, even when I know I’m fine, but recently it’s been really shit.


I’m pretty sure everyone in my area saw something embarrassing that happened... 
Like reputation destroying. Anyways, now I see people glance at me occasionally and shit. Alone that’s just kind of sketch and I get weird about by that. 

What’s truly different about this time is the context and how, legit, I’ve heard people go, “is that him?” Or look at me and laugh. Either way, it’s pretty fucked. 

Sometimes it’s girls and you think, “are they checking me out,” but then you get the laugh. Other times it’s a guy who’ll occasionally be blatant about being amused. Understandable if they know but I can’t tell.

I can’t pretend to be confident and completely ok let alone act like what happened didn’t happen 100% of the time. It doesn’t help I wasn’t that way before either... 

To top it all off, I don’t have any friends I’m currently in contact with and pretty sure I’ve been ghosted/left by the few I was. 

I’d confront it but I don’t want to come off as insane because I know for a fact I’ve thought this way before and been wrong sometimes.

It’s always weird when you feel like your soul is dead. Unfortunately I’ve become well acquainted with it. 

I still look people in the eye and walk straight but ... it’s rough to hear a person look at you and laugh or make a snide comment whispered or literally insult you to your face and you be too confused to figure out if it’s because you are looking unconfident and weird (due to you thinking about they know) or they actually know. 

It’s a horrible fucking loop I can’t break out of. Whenever I try something kills my confidence and security like the thing today: 

Guy and his girlfriend looks at me along with some group of girls. 
Girls laugh a little in the background. Guy says to his gf, “is that him?”
The butch bitch turns around and fuckin stares at me. Turns back when I glance at them. 
Then I catch em fuckin staring at me again later I guess confirming who I am.