Every day is both the same and a new nightmare*This is going to be a bit of a self centered rant, so you've been warned*

 Nothing ever changes for me, yet every day is a serious of minor, soul crushing struggles. I'm almost 17 and supposed to graduate highschool in June 2021, but I'm still as ill prepared for adulthood as I was at 11. Most likely, because nothing has changed since I was 11. I've never had many friends, I've been outcast as long as I can remember, at least PreK, maybe earlier. This has led to my social skills being extremely subpar. I've been socially isolated since long before Covid. I see them posting on Instagram and on their Snapchat stories, most kids I know are getting 10x more social interaction now than I was even before this all started. I've spent the better part of my adolescence in my room alone. I'm not ready to grow up, I barely had a childhood. I've witnessed every single one of my peers surpass me socially, academically and romantically, even those younger than I. Growing up, I was told "Do your job, be a good person and good things will come to you; anything can be accomplished if you work hard enough", yet experience has proven the exact opposite; no matter how hard I try, how much I care or how long I've been trying, there's always someone smarter, wealthier, more attractive or more experienced that accomplishes the same thing with no effort at all. I've still never had a girlfriend. I've been told I'm attractive, but once again, all my experience suggests otherwise; I'm ignored by my peers at school, I've been rejected by every girl I've ever asked out (granted, it has been a few years since I last tried, but I literally don't even know any girls well enough to ask them out, nor have the opportunity to to begin with) nobody has ever come up wanting to talk to me, I talk to maybe 2 people outside of my family on an average day, and even that's online. I used to participate in Incel subreddits, but I deleted my account. Years of accumulated, suppressed rage, sorrow and loneliness has been coming to the surface lately. There was a time, when I went over 5 years without crying. Then, around November of 2019, I had a bit of a breakdown, and since then, it's been almost a monthly ordeal. I didn't sleep last night. At around 5 AM, I opened up Instagram and saw this post from this one asshole who threw rocks at me in Elementary school, it was a picture of him and this girl I used to have a crush on with the caption "happy 6 months baby" and I fucking lost it. It in itself isn't much, I'm used to experiencing dozens, maybe hundreds of such small, crushing defeats each day, but after an already bad night, this was the straw that broke the Camel's back. I punched my wall, ripped my charger off the wall and threw it, kicked the fan in my room, slammed my door and walked out into the hallway. My stepdad burst out of his room and yelled "it's 5 AM, what the hell are you doing that's making so much noise?" I shouted back "fuck off!" And ran out the door, into the dark and into the woods behind my house. I grabbed a hatchet out of a shed and began swinging it at a dead tree as I screamed "GODDAMMITTTT!!!" "FUCCKKKK!!!" So hard I became dizzy. I missed a swing, and the axe flew out of my hand, so I picked up an arm sized stick and swung it against a tree, breaking it until it was the size of my hand. At this point, my knuckles were bruising badly from punching my wall and I sat down on a log and sobbed. That's where I am now. I've stopped crying and the sun has risen, but I sit here, on a log, typing this out. I feel so pathetic. I'm 16, I shouldn't be crying like that. My family is probably wondering where I am now. I should get back to them. But I don't know how much longer I can do this. I was institutionalized once before because I told someone of my plan like an idiot. Next time, I'll be more careful. I don't want it to get to that point, but I see no other way; I have no future, missed out on my childhood and adolescence, am well past the point of no return for ever becoming a "normal" person, no girl would even think of being with someone like me and my own family is losing their patience with me. Pretty much all I want right now is a girlfriend, I am so fucking touch starved and emotionally dead, I just want to cuddle. But it seems as if every fucking girl has a boyfriend. And the ones that don't, aren't interested. Sorry for how long and poorly written/composed this is, I'm pretty rushed and panicked right now.