Suicidal narcissistI never really caught when, but at some point in the last 2 years I began being extremely selfish and self centered. Few of my earliest memories were of my parents fighting and of my mother either yelling or crying. I remember conforting her when the yelling was directed at dad but nowdays i always seem to care for my feelings more.

Mom got sick around when dad began feeling better. He was never really there for me until I turned 9 and I still lack memories of him. They were mostly made out of mom's complains. While dad began being less distant mom began being very violent. Doing things that annoyed her even if not morally wrong (like asking about something for the second time) would result in yelling and either smacking or hair pulling. She was specifically violent with my sister who would often end with chunks of her hair pulled out. Dad did nothing. At the time I was the one hurt the least and so I was in change of picking up pieces, defending my older sister, and calming mom down, which usually ended with the fight turned to me. 

Over a small ammount of time their fights began getting *unusual*. I would always be in the middle with my older sister, litteraly. Begging them to stop was never enough and it always ended badly. I was given the job of conforting those in my family because I was the youngest and therefore I had it the best. It felt specificly draining to be there for my mother as she was difficult and her emotions go back and forth in between anger and sadness. Failing to be there for her even when i was hurt meant she would yell at me and mention things she knew hurt me. If I didn't try to stop fights dad would do the same thing. Their fights were about affairs. I won't add any details to that as it us not something I like talking about. 

Mom is manipulative, she uses us as tools to get dad to stay and dad uses money to get her to stay. Mom also used suicide as a tool and had legitimately attempted it twice while in my and my sister's presence. Those were a few of the times she hurt me while I was calming her down. She's a difficult woman I'd say. Likewise dad was not better. He has anger issues and uses manipulation to get people to forgive him. There's not much to say about him as I don't know him well but he's violent and believes his children should be taking care of his broken emotions. He's done a lot and was the one that initially included us in their fights about the affair, yet believes we have to forget it as he makes money. Time isn't something he's patient for and many fights were started between me and him because of it. I guess I want time so I can forgive him and mom but he says its a ridiculous thing to ask for.

I stopped being there for them when quarenrine began. I can't go a day antmore without thinking of suicide and their fights stress me out. I cannot bring myself to comfort them any longer as they never do it for me. Everything feels like crap and even when I'm happy I feel this small part of myself feel hopeless. In a rush of emotions I actually cut myself with a pair of scissors and so I began to prioritize getting better myself. It felt right at first but in reality I'm just a seldish child. They are sick and for some reason I can't seem to use that as an excuse for them. 

I want to fix my selfishness so they can love me again. I can tell they're done with me not talking to them which is why they've come to favorite my sister. She was lucky and got a therapist but my parents won't lend me one. I'm afraid that without help I won't get my feelings under control before I cause any more trouble. So reddit, with the summary of the story and considering a therapist is not an option how should I fix myself?