My abusive mother makes me want to kill myself.It really started to get severe when I was in 5th grade. She started getting drunk every night and losing her shit. She'd throw plates at me, threaten me with a knife, even pointed a gun at me once. At one point she started assaulted me. She'd shove me into walls and to the ground, or slap me hard.

Often she wouldn't use my name, Just call me "brat". Every day she'd tell me nobody cares about me, My feelings are worthless, I'm stupid, I'm a fuck up, She tell me she wishes she'd aborted me. I cannot go a day without being harassed and insulted.

Eventually she graduated from shoving to punching me so hard she cuts my face and my nose bleeds, Strangling me, Throwing me on the ground and kicking me in the stomach repeatedly.

She constantly threatens my life. We have a cemetery across the street from us, she tells me she could strangle me in my sleep and bury the body in the cemetery.

Honestly at this point I wish she'd just do it.

Finally, after years of agony I ended up growing a pair and telling CPS, thinking it would all be better and I could finally escape.

Wrong.

They barely looked into it, after a week they closed the case. Nobody will help me, nobody cares. I Fucking cannot take this shit anymore. I feel like she's broken me. Destroyed me. Ruined me for life.

At this point I think I'm just too traumatized to end up living a fulfilling life. Therapy doesn't help, they ignore my trauma. They think I have ODD and that I'm lying about my mother. Yeah, I have anger issues and I can be a little abrasive sometimes, but I'm not fucking lying.

I cannot experience happiness. My life is lived in agony. Even away from her I am tortured. At this point I'm just so bitter, I feel hate when I see kids happy with their parents. I suppose I'm just jealous.

My father killed himself, I was repeatedly molested at 8 by a neighbor and nobody cared, we are on poverty, I'm failing school miserably, I have gender dysphoria, and my entire life I've been bullied in school. No matter where I am I have a target on my back. Everyone calls me stupid.

At this point, I don't see a reason why I shouldn't end this.