Need to share with someoneFor many years now I've always seen suicide as my get out of 'jail free card' but have never been too close to actually doing it.  Things haven't got that bad as yet and I really wouldn't like to do that to my family, however distant I am from them.

This kind of changed recently but in a way i wasn't expecting.

One drunk night I was walking home in the snow with temps below freezing, very angry and hurt over a girl.  I ended up slipping and instead of getting back up I decided to just fall asleep knowing that I would likely die in the conditions.  \(I was really drunk so falling asleep wasn't a problem\)

In the end some people came across me not long after I had closed my eyes and that got me back up and I walked back home.  The next day I decided I was getting too drunk to walk home \(its a far up hill walk\) and to try not to put myself in that situation again.

Fast forward to a couple of days ago.  I'm on the second day of a solo multi day hike in the mountains.  I"m trying to get to my camp site for the night put the route is planned is way more intense than i expected and Im busting my arse to make it before nightfall.

Its only a couple of degrees above freezing and wet and windy.  I stop for a couple mins rest and my hands start to cramp up and so do my arms.   I have pins and needles in my face and my tongue and in my legs and have no control over my arms or hands.  I fall to the floor unable to do anything.  I am thinking I am about to die and i except it and pass out.

I come to some time later and have movement in my hands enough to call mountain rescue.  I managed to get through but am unable to tell them where I am because of signal and cant get back through to them.   Its dark and its still a very long way to get down the mountain in really hard conditions I have two choices, i try to get down or I give up.  I decide to give up, it occurs to me that I am able to commit suicide but it will look like an accident and wouldn't have the affects on friends and family a suicide would.  I get my sleeping bag out and lie back down thinking i just need to fall asleep and it will all be over.

Turns out I didn't die and in the morning i was able to move enough to get signal and get rescued.  I was exhausted and breathing wrong which lead to too much co2 in my blood which made my arms and hands go like that.  My core body temp stayed where it need to be and i made it through the night, ironically, giving up and wrapping up in my sleeping bag was the right thing to do to stay alive!

I know I didn't actiually attempt suicide but it kind of feels like I did in a way, and no one knows. 