I was never happy.I am a 16 year old boy who didn't have a good life. I was born in the us but my parents moved to Brazil because of a stupid fear, everything started going downhill from there. My parents again made a stupid decision and put all their money in a failing business, bankruptcy came after and then their divorce. After everything that happened my brother started torturing and beating me daily, my mom couldn't stop him so I could only endure. I was bullied for being short at school so even at the time I was away from my brother i would be suffering. Every day i would slip into depression and debate inside my mind, I always had the choice to kill my brother in his sleep or try to beat one of the bullies but I always thought that good comes to good people and that god would help. After 5 years of constant torture my mom and I moved to the us, we lived from house and house of friends and family until we got our own place, it was a 1 bedroom apartment infested with cockroaches, but there I met the girl I love. I met her in the internet through a game I didnt love her at first but she liked me and we started talking and knowing eachother and after some time she asked me out. I had never had a girlfriend before or had a girl even hold a conversation with me, but she liked me. In the beggining it was happy and love but then we started fighting and it became more usual. After 1 year of relationship we decided to meet, this month of august was supposed to be the month that would change my life, I would meet my love, turn 16, get a job, move into a big home, and start enjoying life. The first day I met her she wouldnt even hug me, that night she broke up with me because i was too short (she had seen me before but got coldfeet and decided it was over) the second day I tried to get her back but it didnt work. The third day I was confused and filled with emotions, she didnt care. When I went back home she was already dating another guy she met there  and was exchanging pictures, she said she really liked him. I tried to forget her to cut all bonds and change my life but I dream of her every night and it disturbs my sleep. My classes in school are boring, I can't even look at the girls and no one seems nice or a good friend. I was happy with her for the first time in my life and it all went downhill again. I am tired of living, I am bored of this daily routine that doesnt mean anything to me, I don't want to go on and spent two years learning about useless things while my mind slowly dies. I want it to end but I am too much of a coward to do it myself. I am planning on walking in front of a bus or drink something poisonous I just want it to end. 