I just want it all to endWhere do I even begin.

I've been in a long distance relationship for the past 3 years and we've been married for the past 2. My husband is living in India and we're waiting for his visa to come through. We applied in 2018 right after the wedding and we're still waiting for a decision. We've tried everything we can to get a quicker response and now they're straight up ignoring our emails.

Our relationship was perfect at the start. We understood and supported each other. I had a horrible childhood and was very depressed when I met my husband, and meeting him was the best thing that happened to me. I started flourishing at work and even became a bit more outgoing. But the longer the visa took, the worse our relationship is getting. I am snapping at the smallest of things, we're fighting almost every single day. I turned to food and Amazon for comfort and ended up gaining 20kg and my room now belongs in hoarders and my bank account is empty. In the past year, possibly the most important man in my life, my grandfather, passed away. This was the tipping point for me. Since then, I've completely shut down from my social life, I stopped caring about work, and I've lost all motivation to get up in the morning. I was traveling to India every few months over the past year and I got pregnant but had a miscarriage. I tried counseling for a while but it wasn't really helping. We had finally decided we're done waiting for the visa, and I'd quit my job and was going to travel to India in April. But then Covid happened, and I have no idea when I will be able to travel again. 

In the past few weeks, I've realised how much I've ruined my husband's life. I've been very stressed and depressed in the past year and taking it out on him. He was an extroverted, happy go lucky type of personality. I'm making him cry almost daily now. Ive ruined our relationship to the point my husband is afraid to even tell me a joke because I might take it the wrong way. And what do I do? I accuse him of being too controlling when he's just trying to help me. He's been trying to find a solution for my Amazon addiction and I'm just accusing him of taking over my finances. He's trying to help me get into a healthy routine and asking me questions to get me to communicate but I accuse him of not trusting me to do things etc. We just had an argument where he was trying to say he's just using the freedom we have over each other to help me and I just told him that since we're not living together, he has no right over me. He basically just told me he's given up. 

I hate what I've done to our relationship and to him. I hate myself for being this way. I don't want to live knowing how much I've hurt one of the few people who actually cared about me. I've come very close to slitting my wrist a few times in the past few weeks because of the constant fights (which progressively gets worse each time). Something always just stops me last minute, I guess just thinking of the pain or worried about my brother finding me(I'm living with my parents) and how it will impact him, or just worried that I'll survive and have to face everyone after. Today I had the blade to my wrist but then I just imagined all the blood and how it will be hard to cleanup for my dad and found myself looking up less messier and faster ways and found my way to this sub.