Story of a Broken MindI started out as a social boy that was very energetic. I went to a school of pretty much only white people because of where I grew up, and I'm half black. Due to this, I was often bullied and people laughed at me and racially abused me by the time I haven't even hit 7 years-old yet. My Parents knew, so we moved to the UK a couple years later to give me a better life. Here I am, now a 9 year-old who is clueless about crime and how people go about their lives, what school is like and can't say more than 5 words in English. After about a month, holidays were over and I was starting school, a fresh start, with new people and a mixture of skin colours, I was excited and ready to talk to many people. Boy, what was I expecting? I couldn't speak in English, 9 year olds are immature so straight away I got bullied for my incredibly bad English skills and how clueless I was about the UK. 2 years went by and I was starting to get the hang of English, I could have simple conversations, but so what? It was my last year at school. So, the summer holidays begin and I was to go to a new school. Now 11 year-old me who can speak English and has nothing left to be bullied for, right? Of course not. After the holidays, I started Year 7, within 1 week I was already getting bullied, but why? I didn't know, I didn't know, what else? What was wrong with me? I've been to 3 different schools in my life and I have been bullied every time. Then came Year 8, probably the worst year of my life, I got bullied like hell, every single class, laughed at, and the person who I thought was a friend sat there and I watched him smile to the things I'm being laughed about, but after hardly making it throughout the whole year, it was finally over. But 6 weeks went by and it starts again. On the last day of my summer holidays I cried myself to sleep. I had to return to that school, so Year 9 came, and I promised that I will be as silent as possible. My self esteem went below 0. I didn't speak a word, I didn't want to talk. I didn't want people to remember who I was. Maybe if I was silent, I would disappear and they wouldn't ever notice. Silence.Silence.Silence.Silence.Silence.Silence.Silence. Year 10 came. Once again, Silence.Silence.Silence.Silence.Silence.
I developed social anxiety, I occasionally got panic attacks in large crowds but to avoid attention I would bite the inside of my lip until I bled to forget about it. Darkness was all I knew, any time I'd talk to a girl I'd start shaking and feel weak, as if about to faint because I felt like I was being judged. That's when the suicidal thoughts and cutting came in. I thought about suicide everyday, I used to plan out fake suicides every time I sleep and killed myself everyday in my mind. I imagined a world where I didn't feel pain from isolation.... I am now in Year 11, a 15-Year old with a broken mind. Lots of emotions eh? But hey, that's all hidden behind a straight face as if I've never experienced anything.