The road to self love and how I failedAbout a year ago I attempted to kill myself and failed. I actually went to court for it but didn't face any charges. Months later I decided to go on a journey for self love. I had never really been loved before, and I didn't fully understand what love was. I vowed to be a better person. One that I could look at in the mirror and say this is me. One that could be proud of themselves. When I first started I wrote down things I wanted to change or fix. Things I could do to improve my life. I wanted to be a person with goals, a person who people liked, and most importantly a person who could live life. 

At first it felt like I had a chance. I wrote down some things I disliked about myself. I did research on ways to fix these bad habits/flaws. I looked up ways to increase my self confidence, ways to be more positive,ways to get myself out in the world. I eventually took the first few steps to a happier life. I got a job. I started to exercise. I made plans to start college again. I started to socialize, something I hadn't done for a long time. I made some friends, and even got the courage to reconnect with older friends. I even got over my fear of abusive relationships and got a girlfriend. These didn't last however.

The more I discovered about myself, the more horrible things I learned about myself. Even more flaws and bad behavior arised. I lied a lot, I had a temper, I am clingy, I complained too much, I'm incredibly obsessive over, the list goes on. We could say I am too hard on myself but that's just another thing to add to the list and be aware of. 

There was a reason I didn't have friends to begin with. It didn't take too long before I ended up chasing them many away due to toxic behavior. Same with my girlfriend. My insecurity eventually lead to me pushing the rest away out of fear of rejection. The more I learned the more I started to hate myself even more. I tried to make a list of positives but the list wasn't big to begin with and it has gotten significantly smaller. The more I reflect the more impossible it feels to improve. I've lost my will to try anymore. I wish I was successful in shooting myself a year ago 

This is my story. I won't live much longer, I don't know when I will die or if I will die to a heart attack, an anxiety attack or suicide but I will die from one of those very soon at the rate I am going. Thank you for reading.