The thought of the end is the only thing that makes me happy
I'm not entirely sure what to say, I often find myself lost for words but now I need them more than ever. I have been depressed for a while now and I have tried, oh lord have I tried, to get rid of it, to make it disappear. I no longer think I have the capability to be happy, it seems almost impossible. I'm going to apologize in advance for the inevitable essay, but this is my first post and I have a lot of things  I need aired. I need someone to hear me, to listen to me before I explode. 
First of all, my mother died when I was 13; she was 31 and died suddenly. Obviously there was a lot of heart ache, sadness and so on, the stuff you would normally expect from anyone who loved their mother. My father worked away so my sister and I never had a stable home; sometimes we lived with my Nan and Grandfather, other times we would stay with my Auntie and then occasionally my other Nan would look after us. My mother's mother was a wonderful person, I finally allowed myself to open up to someone and she took me in with open arms. She was the only person who would tell my father when he was wrong. She died when I was 15. To this day seeing my Grandfather cry was the most heart wrenching thing I have ever witnessed. I then found a wonderful boyfriend, he treated me like I was everything, but of course my best friend didn't like sharing my time with someone else and then she left my life too (I still miss her!). It was at this time that I had noticed that my 'eczema' had started to get worse and nothing was curing it. I took my skin problem to a doctor and was referred to a dermatologist. He was baffled and had no idea what it was, tried different tests and treatments but to no avail. Since then I have been to various doctors around the UK, travelling far and wide to seek treatment. My condition got even worse, my body was(is) covered! Itchy and sore. Later that year, my uncle died and then so did my Grandfather. I started to think it was all my fault and that maybe I was a curse to my family. I tried to commit suicide three times and carved the shit out of my thighs. I stopped eating properly because I thought I was enormous.. I weighed 45kg. My boyfriend could no longer handle me, I was erratic and self destructive. He left after two years of 'suffering' me. It was at this point that I had really decided that life wasn't for me. I was in pain all day every day because of my skin, I had to leave school after my GCSE's because the pain was unbearable and I could hardly motivate myself to leave my bed. I then got diagnosed with a new illness called Myasthenia Gravis (for those who don't wish to Google the disease, it is simply something which makes your muscles incredibly weak to the point where it is hard to walk, eat and sometimes even talk). I am now on steroids which is helping but the condition isn't curable, I am just hoping that it will go into remission someday. On top of all this, I had to look after my 12 year old sister since my grandparents were no longer around to do so. 
Huff, I am starting to feel like I am writing this for the wrong reasons. I feel like I'm writing a sob story and that wasn't what I wanted. I'll quickly explain what happens after that. I decided to get myself better mentally, tried so unbelievably hard, finally felt like I succeeded, got my boyfriend back after a year of trying, moved out of my house and into my boyfriend's parents house(because my father was verbally abusive), and kind of got my social life back on track. 
But here I am now. Back where I started. Rejected all of my friends again. Too afraid to leave the house. My boyfriend is wonderful but I feel like he can't give me what I need. I sit here every day feeling like there is a massive empty space inside of me, I'm desperately trying to find something to fill it but there is nothing. I want nothing from this life anymore. If I knew that I could die tomorrow without hurting my boyfriend or my sister, I would do it. I would end it. I have no one to talk to because I am too afraid of losing my boyfriend again and I don't trust anyone else. I am poor as shit because I had to leave school because of my illnesses and couldn't get a job for the same reason. The government is also unwilling to help at all. I am now 20kg heavier than I was before because of my medicines and I feel like an elephant. I am terribly unsatisfied with the way that I look. I have seen a glimpse of happiness and it is totally not worth the effort. (This sounds incredibly gay) I have no idea who I am anymore and I am so scared for my future.  I just want to curl up into a ball and fade away.
I have tried to leave out my father in all of this because even thinking of him makes me angry, however, I will tell you this... that man can go to hell for what he has put me through. 
I am not living, I'm just wasting time. 
**TL;DR - Was depressed, then happy-ish and now I see no point in living.**