Please help me....Please... I feel so worthless and i just can't stand it anymore. The thought of commit suicide just won't go away and I'm sitting here and taking drugs... again.

I don't think that this will matter anything to anyone but if it does I just want to say thanks you're the first person who ever listend to me.

My name is John and im 16 years old. I'm addicted to drugs for a long time now and i just want to write everything out of my minds because i just can't stand all the pain in my life. My whole life was a bad dream since i can remember and I don't think that this will ever change again. When i was a kid my mom and my dad always said to me that I'm the reason for all their problems and how lucky they would be if I wasn't there. I guess they were right because everything I do just falls apart and no matter how hard I try I can't do anything right. Let's begin with my story and I just want to say sorry for my bad english... At the age of 10 years my parents divorced and since this moment my life is a mess. My mother is a cold women who has no emotions for everyone exept herself and my dad is addicted to drugs and alcohol. The reason my parents divorced was that my mom betrayed my dad with alot of men and my dad is not the kind of guy who takes this easy. The day he found out I was supposed to be in school but I was ill and I heard and saw everything he said and did to her. I saw him hitting her over and over again while screaming at her. Sometimes I'm like daydreaming above this situation and its just so real.... I see through my younger eyes, I feel the same and I hear the same. I just couldn't move or scream to help my mom. When my dad was finished hitting my mom he turned arround and saw me standing in the door. I was crying... I wasn't allowed to cry. My dad said crying is weak. And he hates weakness. He came over to me and screamed " see this is your fault. Look at you just die! " then he pushed me against the wall and goes away. I never saw him again. He didn't even bother saying goodbye to his own son. My mom whispered "please... call the emergency" and so i did. The ambulance took my mom to the hospital and I had to go to my aunt for the time my mom wasn't there. My aunt( the sister of my mother) hates me because my parents always said her that I'm the reason for all problems and she believed them. I was there for just 9 days but i'll never forget these 9 days... She hits me every day, screams at me and there was always this one sentence... " why were you born?" . I keep asking the question to myself and I just can't find a solution why I was born. When my mom did come back from the hospital something changed inside of her. She was so incredible cold and full of hate on me that i can't even discribe it in words.... One day she came into my room, took a bag and stuffed all my clothes in it. Then she said "go, go and never come back" . She kicked her own son out of her house. Her child who was just 10. Since this day I can't feel anything... There is just this painfull empty feeling which drives me crazy. I didn't know where to go and the only person where I could go was my aunt but nothing would've got me there. So I went to the place where I felt save. The place where I always went with my grandmother before she died. I guess I was lucky that my mother kicked my out in the summer and not in the winter... I slept outside for over 2 weeks and then a guy came to me and spoke with me. He said his name was chad and he asked me why I was sleeping outside. I couldn't talk about what happend so I just said " My mom kicked me out I have no place to go". He was just 17 and he is the best person I've ever meet in my entired life. He trusted me for no reason and told me his story. His parents kicked him out aswell and that he lifes alone with his girlfriend now. He had his own apartment and his style looked like he had alot of money. Then he asked me if i want to sleep in his apartment for a while because he can't look away. I never understood why he did that for me... He took me to his place and said " just make yourself comfortable" . I guess this are the people you only meet once in your life. The chance you will never get again... He payed for me, gave me a place where I could life and he treated me like his own loved son. Then on my birthday he came into my room and asked me why I was so depressed and whats on my mind. I said to him that I can't stand this numbness and that I just don't want to life anymore. The look in his eyes after I said this sentence is a look I'll never forget. It drove him crazy to knew that I was so sick of my life and he was so scared that I would end it. So he did what he thought would be right... He gave me drugs... He always had friends in his place and they were celebrating very often but chad was always carefull that I never saw what they did. So I took my first drugs (ecstasy) with 11. A short while (~20mins) after I took those pills I started to feel again. But not the pain and the hate I was expecting. I felt love... It was one of the best moments of my life. I think I got addicted after the first pill but not from the drugs, I got addicted from the feeling called love. But I couldn't feel love without taking drugs so I took them... every day. This goes one for one year where nothing much happend and then asked chad one day how he could afford all the drugs. He just said that he has rich parents and they gave him lots of money when they kicked him off. I didn't believe him so I keept asking him every time he gave me the pills. Then one day he said to me " ok. If you want to know where I get the money from put your shoes on and come with me" . Of course i wanted to know so i went with him. It was midnight and there were no people on the streets and no lights exept the street lamps. After ~15mins of walking he stopped and said that I need to be quiet now and that I should run back to his apartment when he gives me the sign. Then he walked down the street in the direction of a kiosk. I saw pretty late that he got a stone in his hand and right after i realized it he throw the stone through the window and jumped into the store. After 2-3 mins he came out and gave so the sign so I ran. I never ran that fast in my life and I first stopped when we reached his place. He had a big bag full of ciggarets, alcohol and so on... After that we did alot of this quick burglaries and I started to get really good at it. My life pretty much went on till the age of 13. With 13 the wish to die was so incredible high that I tried it the first time in my life... I took everything that I found and the only thing I can remeber is that I smiled when I passed out. I woke up in the hospital with a hose in my mouth and my whole body was tied onto the bed. A nurse came into my room saw that I was awake and called the doktor. The doc said that they almost lost me and I've chad had found me 1 min later I'd be dead.... I could've cried.. I wish I could cry but I just can't. After that day it wasn't the same. I couldn't look chad in the eyes and after 3 months I ran away from his home. I just left the guy who did everything for me... Who saved me life, not once, he saved it twice and gave me a little hope for a short time. After I ran away I was homeless.. once again. I sleept outside, stole myself something to eat and to drink. I stole alot of things included wallets from people on the street.... Just to have enough money for drugs... I wasn't thinking about it. When I think back now I'm so ashamed.... What if I stole money from a mother who can barrely pay for her child... Then on the 17.09.2012 my 14th birthday I tried to kill myself again... Again with an overdose.... But it didn't work and I woke up again.. Again in a hospital and the only thing that changed was when I woke up I saw my mom... She was sitting next to my bed holding my hand and said shes going to get me home now.... Now I'm forced to life with her again... In the same house, the same room and wherever I look I got this wierd daydreams from scenes that happend long ago.... And now 3 days ago the only person who kept me in this world, my best friend died on an overdose. I brought him to drugs... It was all my fault. Now I'm on the point again where I can't stand it... I just can't.... I sweared to myself when I was standing at his grave that I'd stop with drugs and life a life he would've whished for me. I wish I wouldve talkedt to him about all this... But now I'm here again... Taking drugs....


So if there is anyone out there who cares PLEASE.... I beg you... help me.