I hate literally every bit of myself. I do not want me or my life. I'm almost 28, and I'm still studying, with graduation nowhere in sight. I'm also studying abroad, because the society my developing birth-country didn't suit me or my mental health. I'm making my retired parents pay 16000 euros every year for my education. On top of that, I couldn't maintain a stable mental state living with others so I live alone in a studio, which has high rent. Another 10000 euros.

I'm bleeding them dry, but I really do try to pass everything. I tried to do extra coursework to make up for lost time, but I just lost more time. They consider education to be supremely important so they don't seem to mind, but I notice the downgrades in their already simplistic lifestyle.

I do tend to ace exams if I manage to study, so people (outside of my family) try to motivate me and remind me what I'm capable of, while at the same time suggesting that maybe it's time to give up.  Teachers, study advisors, friends... They know that's the only thing keeping me alive, as I love to study and learn more and more and more, and without that I'd rather die. But I notice in their tone that their attempts to motivate me are out of a sense of duty rather than any actual desire to motivate me, cause they know it's all pointless.

Who would give a job to a 30 year old with no job experience? I'm supposed to be a scientist... would anyone ever believe a man who couldn't finish his studies till the age of 30 is capable of any kind of productive research?

To make things worse, I keep trying to study when I'm not depressed, so I'm either depressed or trying to catch up, which means I have no life. Barely any friends, never had a relationship (lol, I already made a post about how I'm undateable). Barely ever travelled, or had any experiences with friends,  never tried new things or had any hobbies. No time or energy left for these things. No time or energy for living an actual life. Such a pathetic existence. A complete failure. I'm just... defective, I guess...

And I know these thoughts are not rational.. but lmao, it's only worse that I'm no longer capable of rational thought. How can I make myself not hate myself? It makes my skin crawl to know I'm me and there's nothing to be done about that. I feel like I'd peel off every layer of my body if I could. And Nothing works. Anti-depressants, therapy, electroconvulsive therapy... I try to see minor things as motivation to keep going... which is just more pathetic...