One year ago today**TL; DR - Almost killed myself a year ago and didn't - became homeless - things turned around**

Sorry for the long post...just a lot of stuff I felt moved to share.  Give it a read...what's five minutes?

One year ago tonight I almost killed myself.  I have been thinking a lot about that all day, and I felt moved to share my story.  

I went through a lot over a few years.  My wife left me for another man 3 years before this.  It caught me really off guard and really crushed my spirit.  On top of it, the guy she left me for was a real jerk to our two young children.  

The separation left me crippled financially.  I went from living in a 3 bedroom house that we owned to renting a tiny one bedroom apartment.  Even with that small apartment I couldn't make ends meet.  I ended up going through bankruptcy.  I made too much money for any type of food stamps or welfare, but had no money because so much went to my ex-wife in court appointed child support / daycare expenses / medical insurance for the kids.  She cheated on me and I was still forced to pay a crippling amount because her and her new scum boyfriend were both on unemployment.  I worked my ass off and scum boyfriend used money I gave for Kindle, HDTV, Xbox, etc.  I constantly would go to -$299 in my bank account because I could overdraft my account up to $300.  

At this point I am pretty depressed and hopeless.  I started drinking.  It started out kind of gradually.  Getting drunk on the weekend when I didn't have the kids.  Then weeknights.  I never drank when I had my kids...but it became every night that I didn't (which was a lot of nights) I would get pass out drunk.  I still got up every morning and went to work.  I was drinking a bottle of vodka a night.  

Around March of last year I basically drank my rent money.  I couldn't pay my rent.  One year ago was the night before I was evicted.  I had no plan.  My 3 options were: 1) Kill yourself.  2) Commit a crime to be thrown in jail.  3) wake up homeless in the morning.  

I went so far as to write notes to my parents, my ex-wife, and my kids.  I could not go through with the suicide because of my kids.  I stayed up all night.  It was rough.  I got ready the next morning, took 3 rubbermaid containers I had packed up and threw them in the back of my pickup, and went to work.  

It was incredibly rough.  I hid it from everyone except my ex-wife.  (She had to know because it affected my time with the kids.)  The hardest thing about it is having nowhere to go.  I would go to work like normal, then after work I would usually go to a parking lot and sit and listen to the radio.  Sometimes McDonalds.  Sometimes Wal-Mart.  Sometimes this little park by a river.  You can't sleep in these places, though.  My original plan was to sleep at Wal-Mart's parking lot.  You cannot do this.  I found that out when the police started driving through every 30 minutes starting at about 10pm.  If I had the gas money I would drive about 30 minutes to a rest stop on the thruway and sleep in the parking lot there.  If I didn't have the money to do that, I would sleep in an apartment parking lot near my work.  I could sleep at the rest stop.  I could not sleep for more than 1-2 hours at the apartment parking lot.  I was lucky to never be caught doing that.  So basically I would do that and get up the next morning and go to the gym I had a membership at (for $20 per month) and take a shower...then go to work.

It sucked.  I thought about killing myself every night.  On the weekends I would take my kids for the day to the beach or to the park.  The whole thing was terrible.  I think I hid the whole thing pretty well.  I have almost no friends locally (relocated for my ex-wife).  My parents live hours away.  My bosses never really said anything.  I was always clean.  I had to completely stop drinking because of my situation...so if anything my work performance probably improved because I wasn't hung over every morning.

After about 7 weeks of this a family friend found out about my situation through a comment by one of my kids.  My kids did not know the situation exactly...but the comment made the friend know something was up.  They gave me a place to stay for a couple of months.  This began the start of things turning around.  My ex-wife left the douche she had been living with since we split up a month after I was given a place to stay.  My daycare costs decreased significantly, giving me more money (which I was no longer spending on booze).  Through my friend I found a place of my own to rent.  It is very small but cheap.  I even got a $300/month raise at the beginning of this year.  I started taking care of myself and have lost almost 60 pounds.  I see my kids a ton now.  Mentally I am in the best place I have been possibly ever.

I just wanted to share my story because one year ago I felt completely hopeless.  Like there was absolutely no way out.  It felt like a problem with no solution.  If you are on here you are probably going through something terrible.  If you are, just wait.  See how it all plays out.  Life has so many ups and downs, you never know what the future holds.  

There is just so much to experience with life.  Don't kill yourself.  Just wait and see what happens.  Things may turn around.  They may not.  But what the fuck...see what happens.  