i keep asking why im here and cant figure out the answerheya reddit. sorry if this is choppy and weird but im going to start out by explaining kind of my background and who i am.

my names carly. im 16 (i know im young and angsty and hormonal, i really dont need to hear that from anyone please), i have GAD, depression, adhd, and ive been told bipolar ii though idk if i trust that psych too much. right now, i feel like im drowning.

my current therapist has spent weeks with me talking through some of my issues, the main one being the root of my attention-seeking behavior. and, no, i dont mean your typical teen things. i mean talking about suicide whenever i feel like someone's leaving me or spilling all my deepest issues on a whim. it has a lot to do with abandonment and my need to control people as a coping mechanism, but im not getting into that. (also, no, this post doesnt really fit in those parameters, since its people i know and am scared of losing. im just really scared and confused right now)

my home life isnt great. my mother was widowed when i was 4, and she's kind of a psychopathic bitch now. i mean that in the most honest way possible. she's filmed me in the middle of an anxiety attack so she could show her friends what she has to deal with. she berates me for crying and yells nonstop. she told my step-dad to physically confront me a week ago during a fight, and i ended up getting punched twice in the stomach. this spilled out in my most recent psych appointment, though ive never told anyone in authority about this before, and the psych reported it to DCS. theyve yet to get involved, as far as i know, but im not exactly a golden child, so im scared of what will happen. i sneak out so i can hopefully escape from my thouvghts for a few hours with alcohol and friends and fake laughter. ive gotten caught. i have a high iq but im failing every class because i dont do my homework. and i know i should i just...dont? i dont know. im lazy i guess. thats what everyone keeps telling me, and i kinda guess its true, but i wouldnt be this disappointed in myself if that were the case, right?

all i ever want to do is film. i want to go to scad and major in it, hopefully direct or at least make a living doing what i love. i have so many scripts written but theyre all half-finished because i always give up or get too depressed to finish. for the past two weeks, i havent thought about film once. i guess just a depression swing.

tonight i relapsed and self-harmed. and while i was sitting here, i started to think, not for the first time, about whether or not i was meant tobe alive. ive been told i was an accident, and i know that if if natural selection were still around for humans, id be dead. im mentally shit, im fat, and im a controlling bitch who cant do anything right. all i can do is fuck up my own life. and overpopulation is such a major issue, and i know one life wont make a difference, but me being here isn't helping anyone either. i just don't see the point anymore. why should i keep trying when i obviously wasnt meant to be alive? i shouldve died long ago, so why dont i just get it over with? ill save everyone so much pain.

anyway, now im sitting here listening to 21p and thinking about jumping in the middle of traffic. i dont know. bounce some ideas about this mess of a life at me? sorry. thanks.