I've been suicidal for over 10 years but I think now is my time to goAfter I lost all of my friends in 2008 (my own doing), I went down a dark path. The only person I had left was my cousin and he left me to. It was the first time I was ever alone. I had nobody. I attempted suicide on January 1st, 2008.

My family seemed to care including my brother who always treated me like shit. It lasted a few days and things were back to normal. My sisters never mentioned it again.

Fast forward to now and my life hasn't gotten much better. I still haven't been able to make friends and even when I do, it's only for a short while. I usually keep them at bay and eventually push them away because I firmly believe that people do not want to be my friend. And if we were to get close, they'd know how much a shitty person I am. I always think that they'll get bored of me and find new and better friends.

Even when people want to get close to me, I refuse to believe them. There's no way they can like me. I had a guy who I play football with invite me for drinks on his birthday but I thought that he invited me out of pity. I had a girl recently give me her number. I texted her to see what her schedule was like but she was busy that weekend but said that next week would be better for her. I told her that'd we'd be in touch but I never texted her again. I assume she's forgotten about me. Even when I am gifted with friends or a potential partner, I can't wrap my head around why they want me around. I am such a piece of shit. I am nothing. I am worthless. Everyone is better than me. So I keep to myself and let life pass me by. Then I get more depressed.

I've been contemplating suicide for a few months now. I bought a rope and left it in my car but my mom found it and threw it away. I lied to her and told her that it was for work. 

I feel like I will never be loved. There will always be someone better. I offer people nothing. I'm not afraid of death and now that if I died, people might be sad for a day or two but things will go back to normal for my family. I don't offer them anything either. They know I'm worthless and I've disappointed them. I can't go on life knowing that I am a failure to everyone. Everyone was right. My teachers, old friends, my old coworkers. They all knew I'd amount to nothing and hear I am.