why is dying so hard?i've been wishing i've been dead for a while now, probably since i was in my preteens. my family is in shambles. i can't confine in any of my friends. my relationship is in a downward spiral too. i just feel so distanced from everyone and everything in my life. i thought my partner could help me with this, especially with my previous experience of my partner being abusive, but now it's just another one of my problems.
he provoked me with cheating. in a heat of rage i told him "fuck you". he said he will; with someone else. i told him that hurt me later on, and that i find it hard to trust him after he's already broken a promise regarding liking girl's nudes on instagram, and then this comment. he said he won't be in a relationship with someone who doesn't trust him. he said it like i wasn't justified in my opinion. like i was the one at fault for not trusting him after he lied to me. like he doesn't know I've got trust issues and that I'm insecure. he didn't even apologize although i apologized for my offensive tone.
nothing i used to do gives me any joy or purpose. i used to be a workaholic. that distracted me from my issues, but then i discovered substances and now all i do whenever life gets me down is smoke and drink. daily.
i know it isn't healthy. i know i should get my shit together and finish school, but i can't find any motivation to get up in the morning. i don't find any meaning in my experiences. or in life, for that matter.
i want everyone to leave me alone and to go curl up in a ball and die.
suicide is so damn hard. i can't hang myself because i'm not heavy enough. i wanna cut my wrists in a tub but that's too painful and doesn't guarantee death. i wanna jump off a building but that also isn't certain and i don't want my limbs breaking when i fall. i wanna drown myself or posion myself with cianide but that's too horrifying to even think about.
my best chances are lying on tracks until a fast train comes and squishes my body into small pieces of flesh. but that again, doesn't guarantee death. and my loved ones would have to identify me. that's also terrifying to think about.
right now, the only reasons i haven't offed myself are:
1) no guaranteed method that wouldn't be painful as all hell.
2) i have a brother that means the world to me. life has been a bitch to him too and i don't want to cause him anymore pain.

the thing is, my issues are mostly external (caused by trauma) but have long term effects. some i know i won't be able to get over until I'm in my 40s. which i hope i won't be.
right now, I'm crying home alone in my room while my partner (who lives at my place because of a whole other story) is out with one of my best friends. i can't help but feel excluded and shitty and worthless.
i really, really wanna die.
ps: sorry if it doesn't make any sense. I'm drunk right now.