I don't even know why am I writing thisI feel so stuck, so bound in this situation.
In 3 hours I'm going at work again, where I'm going to suffer the same injustices everyone suffers everywhere at every job, and even worst, but really I can't take anymore those people being slower than me, and yet blaming me for things i shouldn't be blamed of. 
I had so many fights, but yet I can't revolt against them more than I already did cause I need this damn job.

So I'm super stressed at work but when I go back home there's my damn family situation, my mom says in 5 days the judge is coming to our home to see what can be taken away and sold so the state can get his tax money back, the ones my dad wasn't able to pay. "Fortunately" (I don't really care) they said if we give them 4000 euro right now they'll make us a payment plan for the restant 40000 euros... So I'll have to "lend" my money to my dad again (I know I'll never see them back) this month and the same story comes along every damn month.
My dad has debts everywhere, I don't even know how much, and my mom says I'll have to hold on for other like 3-4 years in this cursed situation. 
But this is just an random estimate. I'm forced in this situation, I'm 23 years old and don't know when I'll be free, maybe when I'll be 30?
Our home is under risk every month.

Then, even worst, my mom is sick, she can't work, my dad left and betrayed her, I DON'T love her but I feel forced to take care of here until she dies or takes away her own life.
I don't have any mental illness, I'd like to become a music producer, to make money, I think love is so stupid and I don't care for anyone other than my self, and I believe everyone is egoistic too in the deep inside, but yet I'm scared of death, feel so coward. Hanging hurts, "mortal" electrical towers are not mortal at all, the only thing I could do right now would be to take the knife I usually take to my job, which has a new sharp blade and cut my throat but I'm so scared of how it would hurt, and I'm so stupidly worried about the shock I'll cause to my mom...
I just feel bond and powerless...