At this point, I think ending my life is my best option.Let me start this off with something my mom told me: "You millennials-- something is wrong with your way of thinking." Also, this is the first time I've thought that ending my life would actually benefit the people around me.

This is my first post on this sub, though I've been a lurker for a few months. I have reached the end of my rope and though I try to be positive, my parents seem to be growing restless with me. I may seem calm in my words, but I am currently crying typing this out. I apologize in advanced for a long post filled with possibly unnecessary details. But I have no where to turn to, no one who would truly understand my position. And I have no idea where to start.

I won't disclose any names/genders, as I want to remain as anonymous as possible. I will refer to my oldest sibling as "One" and second oldest as "Two." I am the youngest of 3. I was often treated "better" than my siblings and no matter how bad I felt about it and no matter how much I tried so hard to side with my siblings and demand equal treatment from our parents, nothing ever changed. At times our parents even took my demanding equal treatment as if I was denouncing/rejecting them as my parents, when that is clearly not the point I was making. I'm not going to pretend I had a rough childhood and that it explains why I am who I am today. Because I didn't. A very average middle class, nuclear family. I'd say we were taught some good values. We all ended up with some good character. One and Two are very extroverted, they know how to socialize and make friends easily and start/keep conversations going. Very independent and confident in their decisions. Two, though extroverted, prefers a more lowkey lifestyle. I, on the other hand, very introverted and shy. I'm more observant than I am talkative. Always have been. But when I am with friends and close family I am able to converse and interact quite normally, I'd say. I very much hate being the center of attention. It makes me feel very uncomfortable. As soon as my parents start talking about me I suddenly just lose my voice and try to disappear. I used to be quite confident in my decisions but event after event has turned that all around.

Flash back to my middle to late teenage years. These I would think are the very formative years with permanent consequences, because I am now in my early twenties and I don't seem to have changed except I think I've just gotten much quieter. I think it's a given that teenagers are meant to rebel and make mistakes and do stupid shit. I am by no means trying to justify my actions or trying to victimize myself because I know I have a very large fault in how the consequences of my mistakes translated into my personality now. I became very close to One in these years. We spent a lot of time together and I love them. I really do, but in these years that we grew close, One was very manipulative. I realized this when they finally left the household. Bit of an example: Because One is so charismatic and extroverted, they easily can get anyone on their side on any issue. On more than one occasion, when someone would wrong them, they would explain the situation to me in a way that their perspective was the correct perspective, and I would believe it. I would be on One's side. I would antagonize whoever wronged them. You might think "Well it's a family/sibling bias. We're all prone to siding with the person we're close to." The people that have wronged One where I took their side, were either friends of ours or family members.  And it was not until One was out of my life that I realized I was always on the wrong side. This parasitic relationship was so bad that when I had "done wrong" toward One, I feel bad immediately and become frightened of them scolding me. I had never been so afraid of being scolded until I had experienced being scolded by One. My parents have scolded me before, but it was more respectful? Like with a mutual respect, in the end I would feel bad enough but not so bad that I would be terrified to make another mistake. With One, scoldings were more of authority and fury. I became so self conscious of my actions I learned to stay silent and just accept my fate of being scolded. Even the littlest things would warrant a scolding. "I saw you flirting with that guy. Are you dating? You know a lot of [our peers] think you're a flirt." I started to distance myself from some of my friends. I became cold. I started to hate going to family/friend events, but still always went out of obligation.

After about 5 years of things like that, each of my normal, interpersonal skills were replaced with my more anxious, shy traits. I became overpowered by my anxiety. When I graduated from university, One had moved out by then. I learned how to function like almost a normal adult. I became independent and did things on my own, for myself. Became a little bit more confident in myself and my actions. But then with One gone, and Two kind of gone (Two had moved out during their university years, they went to a school that was a little far from home, whereas One and I were still quite close to home, which is how we grew a lot closer), the pressure of my parents became focused on me. I was the only kid left living in this house. And though I had become independent and more confident, graduating had suddenly put this weight on me.

When I say Two "kind of left" I mean that because Two still comes home to visit. But I know they hate coming home, because they told me. They don't have a "real job" and my parents don't support their lifestyle. When One left, they kind of basically ran away. They didn't have a "good enough" job and my parents don't support their lifestyle either. So they left when everyone was sleeping. At the time, I didn't really understand. I was totally on my parents' side, One left in the wrong way when it could have been handled better. So One never comes home to visit. Don't even know where they are now.

Anyway, so back to the present. I am unemployed. Unless you count freelance as a real job, which my parents do not. I am and have been trying to find a real job since I graduated. All the while trying to possibly make freelance my main thing in case I never find a "real job." It has been almost 2 years since and I still have no job. I feel absolutely horrible. I live with my parents because they refuse to let me leave. Not like in a controlling kind of way, but like they just don't want me to be on my own until they know I have a good job and can stand on my own. They are nearing the age when they should retire, but because of me they still work. And because my siblings have left on kind of bad terms and my parents don't like their lifestyles, I'm trying to be the one kid that doesn't leave on bad terms and is able to live a lifestyle that they would support. I feel like they deserve that much. I feel bad almost every second of every day because I do not have good news to tell them about my job search. I have started to feel so bad I can't even talk to my parents anymore. I feel like a useless kid. A worthless kid. I'm at the point where I wish my parents would just get so fed up with me that they kick me out of the house out of their own free will. It's not that I'm lazy or have no ambition (like my parents like to tell me), I just have reached a point in my anxiety that I can't do things when people are watching me or expecting something out of me. I don't know if anyone else has this problem. But it seems like I hated being the center of attention so much I can't even confidently do things independently unless my parents don't know. I badly want to go to the nearest establishment and apply for a cashier job or secretary or assistant to anything. But said jobs are not good enough for my parents. And I can't seem to find my confidence when they are around. I don't know what's wrong with me.

And earlier my mom confronted me. She started crying saying that she and dad are getting old and they are worried about me. They're frustrated with me. They want to retire. They want to live their lives without worrying about me. They don't understand why I'm "not trying." They think I don't listen to their advice about getting a job, even though I've already taken their advice and I still don't have a job. Then she said that "You millennials-- something is wrong with your way of thinking." At this point, I realized she made it political. She put me in a box. The box labeled "millennials." It's not that I don't want to be associated with the word. It's that she's associating me with the negative definition that her conservative idealism concocted. So on top of everything else, I have to deal with living with parents who have a completely different political mindset than me. Which is hard. But I try. This is when I think I really started to remain silent more often.

So now I'm here. Realizing I am just a burden to them. They have told me countless times how much they want to retire. They pray that I'd get hired. I once almost got hired. But they told me to turn it down because the job wasn't "good enough." And then earlier when my mom was talking to me she said that I should just go back to that job they made me turn down. And I really don't know what to do. I want to leave but I have no money to leave. And I don't want to leave on bad terms like my siblings. But I feel like I can't do what I need to do as long as I am living with my parents. And I don't want to be a burden. I don't want to be a burden anymore. I have so much I want to do with my life. But I feel like dying right now would be the only thing that would help my parents.

I am here now, maybe as a last farewell. Telling my life story before I end it. Maybe hoping someone will be able to convince me that I am not burden. Even though I know that's a lie. I know I'm a burden. That's basically what my mom said. They want to move on with their lives, and retire, but can't because I'm still here.