How to help someone SuicidalFirst thing is to admit to yourself if you genuinely want to help the person or not.  Think hard about if you actually care enough to offer REAL help YOURSELF.  If you decide you don't, then most likely you will end up telling them to call the suicide hotline or to talk to a doctor.  This is a way to divert any responsibility on your part in anyway.  This is understandable, not all people want to or are able to help someone in need.  However, the people at the end of the suicide hotline are fairly useless to someone who is chronically depressed.  We folks have been through the ringer and the failure that is the mental health industry.  But, those who are just in a temporary ditch might find benefit through proper treatment.  

If you actually want to help the person ask them why they are suicidal, and how they feel.  Some people, are just going through a rough time and maybe need some extra support.  Most people are suicidal because they feel hopeless, unloved, or are in too much pain.  If you find they are suicidal for deeper reasons, or have been miserable for a long time time, then you a different approach will need to be taken.  Ultimately, I believe a person has the right to choose if they live or die.  The last thing you should tell a suicidal person is to not kill themselves.  That is not your right, and it invalidates the person's experience of suffering and pain.  It also is pretty useless.  Also, telling someone to stay alive for their family and loved ones is also not your right.  Adding extra stress and worry to a suicidal person will not help them feel any better. 

The best thing you can do is ask how you can help, and if that person says nothing then you can just listen to them.  You can express that you care and try to empathize with their feelings.  To tell them to or not to kill themselves is not your place.  Forcing someone to live when they want to die is a violation of that person's very being and human rights.  You might find though, than once their suffering is validated, and suicide becomes an acceptable way out, they might decide to stay alive.  Knowing you have an out helps erase the idea that you are trapped.  Feeling trapped is one of the biggest reasons why people commit sudicide.  This is a sort of paradox.