Ending it tommorow. My storyHere i am making a post on this thread , i am here to share my story and the reasons why i chose to take my own life. Im 19 male and i had friends , i was a good student and i study psychology in the best university of my country, i have good parents and i dont have a financial problem. However , i can't go on i threw all of the pieces of my life away and now i got nothing. I am weak and i have trouble socializing , i don't know if im an introvert but at this point i don't care. Always i had insecurities about my body  and the fact that i could not get a girlfriend. I could talk to girls  , i have friends who were girls but i couldnt get those who i was interested in and the years passed by and now im 19 years old only to have kissed 2 times. As far as my body, im 19 and look like 15 ,my body is soft and i have barely any muscle and not any facial hair. I checked testosterone and other medical factors that could be associated with that and i have nothing. I went 3 years on a gym fixed my diet and i had minor improves. All of this lead to insecurities and low self esteem and then lead to depression and anxiety and suicidal thoughts. I went to therapy and it didnt help at all. Ive been depressed for one year but before the summer even if i was anxious i would go out with friends or study or go to the gym. Now i isolated myself, i cant and i dont even want to talk to people, my parents are sad seeing my like this, they tried to talk and help me but even though i tried so many times this year i always relapse  and thinking of suicide. I could take all this, i could try medication or therapy and give it a chance. But the WORST part is the brain damage i feel. This could be due to depression or alchool binge drinking to numb myself or just fantasy. But i feel like i have Alzheimers..I have forgotten every movie i have seen or tv series everything. Its like i didnt live my past, i only remember some foggy images and everything i see or read now i forget it almost instantly. Moreover depression has given me some realisations that made me even sadder.. I was always a follower,i was always shy, i was cringe and awkward and a dumbass and now ii hate myself even more.

I know my problems are at least funny compared to others, i know im a drama bitch and a coward weak person. Im not the person i want to be and i cant have the life i want. If i could choose i would be an amateur musician but i quited guitar like an idiot years ago . I would want good friends and a girlfriend to share my life. Now im slowly becoming retarded and watching my life fall apart and me being numb in my self made isolation. I wanted to share my thoughts with someone as i will not leave a message to my family cause i find it hypocritical. They are nice people , they did everything they could, they deserved a good son and me like a bitch im gonna kill myself IF IM LUCKY or i will end up hospitalized with brain damage. Tommorow night i will go to a distant road ,wait for the bus and jump under it. All thing i want from you good people is to PRAY for me to SUCCEED and not end up disabled or quadriplegic. 