I wish I was normal.
Okay, so this is a part of why I feel bad. This is not everything.

I have autism which means I get very anxious and upset over what seems little: A loud sound, someone sitting in my usual chair. Socially, I am isolated. I have learnt how to act social but I feel that I can't be a part of anything, like I'm just pretending. I've been pretending so much I don't even know who I am anymore. When I die, people will mourn me, but they don't even know the person they will mourn.

In addition, I have walking and coordination problems. I fall over very frequently and require an escort at all times to ensure my safety. I cannot use stairs. I walk in a way that causes me pain. Very frequently plans have to be altered for me. 

I also think I have synaesthesia (blending of senses). I feel letters and numbers and I see sounds. This sounds cool and sometimes it  is, but I can get very overwhelmed and I feel that no-one understands this.

On top of that, I have always been a high achiever. In school, I was always top of the class. I was called a genius, I was on TV on a documentary about child geniuses. I have begun to hold myself to very high standards because I came to be known as "the smart one". I've had such an identity crisis that I clung to that and now I feel it is all I have left. I am in the latter part of high school and I am struggling. I put so much pressure on myself that anything less than full marks results in self-hatred. I also fear that after school and university, no one will really care about grades. I also know that currently, I am a big fish in a small pond and compared to many others, I am bright, but certainly not particularly special.

I don't know who I am. I want to be important and I am so scared of being average. Sometimes I will exaggerate my skills and experiences, but that just makes me more confused about myself. I try not to lie, but I do.

However, part of me wishes that I could be normal, average. I am terrified of being average, but I think that if it was all I knew, I'd be happy with my lot. I wish I could be a part of things, like my peers. I wish I wouldn't be such a burden. I just want to be normal; no autism, no walking problems, no perfection complex.

I feel so isolated. I feel I can't talk to anyone. It would hurt my mum terribly if I told her how I feel. She knows I am depressed and have self harm problems but doesn't know the full extent of it. Neither do the doctors. Because I'm a minor, if I am at risk of harm, they must tell my mum, so I can't fully explain my self harm and suicidal thoughts. I can't tell friends because they don't really know me. 

I cut myself and it helps me cope. I recognise that it is negative, but its the only reason I'm not dead yet. However, either my pain is increasing or the effectiveness of self harm is decreasing because it isn't working as it used to. I am so close to killing myself. I do not want to hurt my family and friends because although the person the would mourn would be false, their pain would not be and I care about them too much. I am becoming desperate though.

I do not see a future in my head. I can't see myself getting a husband and being in a happy relationship as I can't make meaningful connections with people. I could have an good career; if I don't die, I might become a biochemical researcher which would be okay, but I can't imagine it would be enough to make this worth it.

I've tried to kill myself twice before: the first time I cut deep enough to pass out, but not enough to die and the second time, the rope broke. I will not fail a third time.

That's what I'm scared of.
