I don't have anyoneLately I have been hearing less and less from my boyfriend. We attend different schools, his is very large and mine is incredibly small. Both him and I are very busy people, though I tend to procrastinate and put very little effort in to my work. He is undoubtedly busier than I am, and his schoolwork comes before anything else. We've been dating since November, but have been friends for two years. Tonight I realized how much I miss him when we aren't together of communicating. He's had a lot of schoolwork, and we have shared very little conversation in the past few days. He is the absolute sweetest person I have ever met, and I feel that it would be very selfish of me to tell him that it hurts me when we don't talk. I began to cry tonight, I miss him more than I probably should. After asking myself why I'm so emotional, I realized something that I never had before. It's something that I don't trust those close to me with: I am absolutely positive that I am a burden. I couldn't tell that to my friends because they would try to make me think that they care. 

My relationship with my parents is terrible. I don't talk to them. from the outside, it probably looks like a loving relationship, but it most certainly isn't. Throughout my teens, I have found teachers and coaches to confide in...substitutes for my own parents. I know I'm annoying to my mentors also. I apologize for the depth that I am about to go into this with, but it feels so much better having it out. My mother and I have never gotten along, I've always felt as though she's favored my siblings over me. Regardless of what I do, I don't feel as though she has any sort of pride in me whatsoever. I'm not going to brag about my accomplishments, but I will say that I have done much more than the average 18 year-old. In the beginning I gave everything for her approval, but I don't feel she loves me. She buys me nice things, tells me to have a good day, etc. but I don't feel love. It feels forced. My sister and I don't get along either, I can't even stand to write about it because it makes me so upset. All I want is love. I want to love and be loved. I have taken to disconnecting everyone from myself. My best friend moved in with me due to family problems, and while I was at rehearsals or work or meetings, she befriended my sister. Now she clearly favors her over me and it's very hurtful. It's hard for me to trust people that I should trust. I can trust a stranger, but I can't trust my friends. I don't even like like the majority of them. I don't like them because I don't feel like I play any sort of semi-important role in their lives. I'm just a burden. Nobody loves me the way that I end up loving people. Nothing that I do or ever will do will please anyone. I mindlessly watch TV and write stories and draw pictures to avoid work. After all of the rejection that I've felt, there's no use in trying to do something right. I have an F in my English class, up until now I have never dropped below a B. I put my boyfriend above everything else, and it's clearly detrimental to my productivity. I feel like he likes me as much as I like him. I have him to flee to whenever I please, but that hasn't been the case lately. There's so much more that I cold say.

I wish I'd never existed. I would never have had to become the disappointing or seemingly rebellious child. I would have never had to inconvenience anyone in any way. Most of all, I never would have had to deal with wanting to be gone. I haven't taken my life because that would be selfish of me. I know there are people who care, but I can't bring myself to truly believe it. I don't what to do at this point, because I'm just plain unhappy. I recently auditioned at the school of my dreams and was accepted with a sizable scholarship, I also was accepted into the other two schools I applied to...but I don't feel happy. What I used to be in love with, I no longer care for. I don't know what I want, and I don't know what to do. I just don't have anyone.