no one will read this anywaysi'm at lowest point in a long time and it's funny because i remember last year december 6th i posted something here and marked that as my lowest point lmao. but god i am just so tired i just can't take it anymore. i'm a junior in high school and i've gotten a's my entire life. i'm probably the only kid my parents have that will go to college and get a job. but i can't take school anymore. this school year has been so horrible and i don't have any motivation to do my work. the only motivation comes from the fear of failing...so i get all my homework done but i don't actually understand anything so i get bad grades on my tests...i hate my family more than anything and my brother is a literal white supremacist and calls me lesbian slurs every single day because i cut my hair short once in 3rd grade, and it's horrible actually being a lesbian and being closeted and thinking that he's been right all these years. i'm so ugly and fat and i starve myself until i can't take the pain of hunger anymore and then eat everything in sight. i had to get my school picture taken today and had a breakdown before i went and my mom yelled at me for it. she doesn't understand that the thought of other people at my school forever having a picture of me in their yearbook and being able to look at me when i look the way i do makes me so furious i can't even describe it. i'm just so tired of everything and the only way i can't make it stop is by killing myself. every time i have one of these breakdowns, which used to be around every 3 months but is now every 1 and a half weeks, i push the limits of how many aleve pills i have the guts to take, today it's 6. every day i wake up and i'm so tired of it but i'm too scared to kill myself. something i think about a lot is that i wish euthanasia was available for people like me because i want to die so bad i just don't want it to hurt. i don't even care about what comes after death i'm just scared of physical pain. this is so long and no one will read it i don't even know why i made this