Just some random stuffI completed college with a Triple Merit in Computing 2 years ago in June, and since I have not done anything with my life. Not one thing. I had apprenticeships lined up but for some reason I just didn't go for them or purposely missed the interview dates. I really didn't know why and I've been signed on to the job centre for 19months.

Tbh I just feel like not trying at anything. I get days where I actually do try and try to get a job and ya know, actually do sommat with my life but it doesn't work out. And it really is all on me.

I'm a 21yr old dude, and for 6 years I've had a lot of "bad" thoughts. Self harmed in different ways since 18, realised how fucking ugly I am at 16, and suicidal thoughts since 19. And I deserve every single thing that happens in my head. 

I never go through with treatment, never told doctors or family about how I really feel about everything and tbh I know they all hate me now. But they don't criticise me like srsly my Dad doesn't want to hurt my feelings so he never shouts at me. But I want him too. My mum has manic depression and she's having a bad episode lately, and on the days where I really try and plan killing myself, thinking of how badly it could affect her health puts me off going through with it.

 I know I deserve to die more than ever now. But I don't have the courage to go through with it.

I regret not going to those apprenticeship interviews. I regret not doing more to get a job. I hate that I have no fucking motivation to do anything. This is where I know I don't deserve shit. How could anyone defend me killing myself or my family grieving over someone who has wasted his life completely???

I don't even think I want to try. Like my family 100% would be better off without a lowlife son who does nothing. No one should miss me. I have so much shit in my head that I want to let out at my family but I don't wanna shout. I don't talk much. I don't want to talk much. Another reason why I deserve to die.

My older sis trying to help me get a job but I refuse because I don't want anyone else to solve my problems. And if I get a job I'll just have to fake being happy, which is something I guess.

So yh, idk what this was for. Wanna kill myself, I self harm, I hate my face and look, everything about me is awful. Yet I don't have the balls to go through with it.

Going job hunting tomorrow, I need to pay my parents back for putting up with me. Not expecting anyone to hire me though. I'm a fuckup. 