Suicidal but not depressed?Female, age 19, college student.

Almost my entire life I’ve struggled with mental health issues. Anxiety, severe depression, anorexia, ADHD, and dermatillomania (OCD). When I was in my early-mid teen years, I self harmed almost every single day and I attempted suicide 5 times in total. Self harm and suicide became my obsession bad then, and I was so extremely depressed for a 3 year period that I barely remember anything from it. Eventually, my mom found out about how serious my mental health issues were, so I was fortunate enough to start seeing a therapist and to go on anti-depressants and ADHD meds. It took a couple of years, but eventually after a max-dose of Zoloft, frequent therapy visits and supportive friends/family, I started to recover. I stopped self harming and I stopped thinking about suicide so much. I became happy again, and the past 2 years were some of the best years of my life.

However, my mental health has taken a turn in an odd way. I’m currently in college, and I love my roommates, friends, classes, and my school. But recently I’ve been starting to fantasize about suicide and self harm again, which is weird because overall, I’m not NEARLY as depressed as I used to be. I relapsed again (cutting) after 2 years and it’s become my drug again. Whenever my roommates are gone, I seriously consider hanging myself in the shower or overdosing on pills. But this seriously makes no sense to me... I’m STILL on the max dose of Zoloft, and my life is overall so good and I should be so happy! I don’t even feel depressed, I just feel numb and “meh” all the time. I don’t know what’s wrong with me, and my dark thoughts are scaring me.

I’m the kind of person who NEEDS to find explanations for everything, and I’m trying to figure out why I could be feeling this way. Here are my ideas.

1. My body has gotten too used to my Zoloft (I’ve been on it for 5 years, max dose for 3.5 or so) and they are therefore slowly starting to not work.
2. I recently started drinking a little bit (like, 3 times in my life total) and after drinking I did get super depressed... Could that be the root of my problem?
3. I’m not as athletic or healthy as I used to be in high school? I used to swim for the swim team 16 hours per week, and now I don’t even have time (or motivation) to work out 2 hours per week.

I’m lost and confused. If anyone could help me to try to figure my shit out I would really appreciate it. Am I weird for feeling this way? Has anybody else felt this way? Does anyone know any other reasons that could explain why I’m feeling this way? Feel free to ask me any follow up questions and please share your own experiences. I feel so stupid for feeling so down when I shouldn’t be.

Thank you.