No one will miss me, not even those who type it in this threadI have lived the past 20 years of my life in delusion, believing that everything one day will be like what I wanted it always to be, having a sustainable relationship with someone who loves me, and having a group of 10 friends, and one best friend.

That's how I always wanted it to be, but I don't think it's going to happen, because I wouldn't be here if I was any closer to achieving even fourth of what I want.

Ever since I was 13, I got picked on in school, despite harming no one nor making fun of anyone. I was seen as a punching bag...for seemingly no reason? I used to sit my entire break in the bathroom crying, and no one would even slightly care when they see my tear, instead, they'd make fun of me.

Even in my high school senior year I got picked on a lot, I'd cry and they'd keep on bullying the heck out of me, at this point of life I had no friends whatsoever, and not a single girl from my class would dare even looking at me as a potential partner.

Prom came, I stayed home. I wish I went, I really did...but what's the point of going alone, and potentially being bullied there as well?

2 years into uni, I can't say it's any better. I literally know no one despite trying everything in my hands. I went on anti depressants for 6 months and they made no difference.

My phonebook consists of my parents and my brother, Those 3 people who don't even care about me as much as they should, they'd go days without talking to me or caring about me whatsoever.

Every valentine's day that come, makes me feel inferior to society and to everyone around me. Just about everyone...seems like they're having fun..But me? I can't. Life wants it this way, and for some reason, there's no changing it.

Every time I see just a girl, it's not a matter of whether I think they're beautiful or not, it's a matter of asking myself, why would she not see me as a potential partner, regardless of how she looks? What have I done to deserve this loneliness?

I am not ugly by any means, I workout and take care of my skin.

I am quite sure no one will miss me, not a single person in this world will even feel that I was gone, besides my parents who will easily cope with me being gone within a few months.

It's weird how much my life lacks value in itself, It's just weird...How everyone seems so cruel to me.

I doubt anyone would read this, but this is a summary of a worthless life that will end in a few days.

Even the few people I spoke to online, just..don't care about my issues. I know no one is obligated to care about me, but not a single person in this world?

Maybe..just maybe, if someone found me interesting, and liked me personally, I'd be alive for 2017, but that's out of question now.

Farewell