Jumping off a bridge in a few hoursIn my late 20s. I’ve failed too many times to launch myself into adulthood, it’s a continuous cycle and I’m tired. I’m hungry, can’t pay rent today and even if I could it’d be another cycle of failing. I hope whatever is out there in the afterlife is merciful

**edit:

Thank you for all the comments, I haven’t felt this much warmth in awhile and never knew I could get them from strangers online. I stopped by the bridge earlier today and now sitting in my car a mile away and I’ve lost the nerve probably partly through lack of courage but i think partly more your comments and perspectives as well. 

Everyone seems to have gone through a lot themselves and some continually, I honestly don’t know at what point I should suck it up and be grateful and at what point I should cut myself some slack. I’m sure it’s somewhere in between. Thank you all for the kind words and encouragement it is very humbling. 

I want to say much more about this and reply more, right now though I have a throbbing headache and need to think about the next steps. I need to face the music and I don’t know what’s going to come

Thank you for shaking me up with your kind words and perspectives, enough to see the next day

edit2: I’m still very appreciative of all your comments and as I’m going on I’m continually thinking about what happened here. Thank you so much. 

Here are parts of my note that I’m embarrassed now partly incoherent and partly narcissistic but I hope will shed some light for whoever:

—
It didn’t work. All the factors in my life added up to not work with my particular situation, genetics, epigenetics, pride, neuroticism, lack of consistent social skills, inability to trust, laziness in right action, busy work, lack of emotional health, indulgence, lack of stability through relationships, family, and friends, delusional ambitious visions without the prerequisite steps, narcissism. All of this has contributed to my failure ...

...I can’t say I’m not mad. But I get it. It happened. I lost and some people won...on the other hand you had these thinking big schemes and fucked it up. Now you continuously went for broke without even the bare resources in managing life and now you don’t get to experience life any more. Oh well...

...As for society and humanity, I’m sorry. I’ve failed you in doing my part no matter how small. I’m sorry for the sting of a suicide in your midst. I hope you find more wins collectively in scale than I have personally.