When you’ve fallen so far you can’t recognize yourself.It hasn’t been an easy life as far back as I can remember.  I spent most of my youth working to help out my family and since age 12 I’ve worked pretty much full time farms, local shops etc. as things for my family got better I became the focus of a lot of anger and guilt from my parents.  I had my grandmother until 2 years ago when she died.  I’m 40 years old and for the last 7 years I’ve been desperately trying to hold on to the love of my life. The only person you ever dig down through all the shit and found me.  Things have always been complicated, and nothing worth having is ever easy in my experience, but I found my self over the years pushing so hard for her to be a permanent figure in my life girlfriend wife whatever label she’d accept.  Being the only person that loved me and the object of my desire, I did what I do I fucked it up. So desperate to keep her in my life to cement our (status) and shape it in to what normal looks like, I became everything I never was I went from listening and understanding and getting her little tokens to show her she means the world to me and that I listen and care about her thoughts and feelings, to forcing mine down her throat and making her feel responsible for me and my happiness.  She wanted space and I’d threaten to tell her secrets and those of people close to her, she’d hang on and forgive, and need space and I’d collapse and say and do anything to force her to stay.  She hoped and she tried the whole time forgiving me trying to see me instead of what I was becoming.  Through health problems and life events depression anger pain loss she was there trying to fix us trying to help me.  I focused only on the labels only on what we weren’t and I stopped listening and as much as I love her and care with all I am what is she thinks and feels, o haven’t shown it in years.  I deserve to lose her love and I know that yet I hope and I tell her so and it hurts her.  I am disgusted by my own reflection and even as I apologize I tell her what I hope feel and wish shorting all over her and her feelings fear, anger, sadness... she made me promise not to kill my self as it’s all I think about and want anymore and have told her as much, hurting her making her responsible, I am a spectator in my own life faking through every day wishing she could see how much I truly love her and have her believe I care about her more than anything despite the piece of shit I’ve become and the shitty way I’ve treated her.  She made me promise, and how Many I’ve already broken, how can she be happy if I’m in her life what is my life without her?  How can I love her if I don’t let her go? How do I go on knowing how much I’ve hurt her and made her second guess herself. I can’t even give her the respect of space and every conversation ends with me telling her I love her I miss her I hope she doesn’t write us off forever.  How do I hope she understands that I have to break this promise how do I hope for the best for her if I’m still here?  How do I turn down the promise of of not having to hate myself anymore and not being miserable about not only losing the only real love I’ve ever known, when you’ve fallen as far as you can go, how can you get up?  How can you get up knowing that all that is and ever will be left is something you can’t live with?