My planI have battled depression since I was 12 and started thinking of suicide at 15. I'm 20 now. I have a loving bf and a sweet newborn son. I love them both so much. They are the center of my world. They're what keep me going and tear me down at the same time. I got pregnant very quickly and my bf wonders if our baby is even his sometimes. He is. I know it. I hadn't been with anyone for so long. If my bf isn't the father, then I wouldn't have had a baby.

I can't breastfeed my baby anymore. I took pride in it honestly. Pumping was just as rewarding. We just supplemented with formula when needed, which wasn't often, and I was okay with that. It worked well. My bf decided to put the baby on formula only. He thought it was better. I still don't agree but when my bf "joked" that I was starving our baby because I wasn't able to pump enough for that day, I stopped pumping all together. It was like a kick to the gut. He might as well have said I was a shit mother. I'm trying the best I can. I'm 20. He's 24. Neither of us were ready but committed to it anyways. I'm trying.

I've been struggling in school too and if I don't pass all my classes this semester, I'm going to be kicked out of college. My parent's financial support will end with my being kicked out and I'll have to give them my car back since it's theirs technically and are only letting me use it while I'm in school. No more money help, I'll be taken off their insurance, they won't see me anymore in general. They won't even act as grandparents for my baby because they'll be so dissappointed in me for failing school.

I think I might do it if I don't pass my classes. It will be the best for everyone. I won't be a burden on my bf. He can do so much better than me anyways. Our baby won't be hurt financially. I know he'll cry for me at first, but he'll get used to it. He won't remember me when he gets older. I can't feed him anymore so what use am I? My bf can have his space back and won't feel like he has to worry about me anymore. I have health issues that are expensive. No one will have to deal with that anymore. I won't tell anyone I failed my classes. My parents will help support my bf and our son if something like my sudden death happened. They won't know my grades. They won't know I failed. My bf won't know I failed classes. Only as a mother.

It hurts. Part of me doesn't want to. Part of me wants to watch my baby grow up. I want to marry my bf. I want to be happy. I haven't been for so long though. I'm on antidepressants. They aren't helping anything. I'm not comfortable seeing a therapist. I'm trying to pass my classes. It's finals week. I'm studying my ass off as much as I can while I take care of my son. I iust don't think I can keep living if I fail at another huge thing in life. It would be better financially and mentally better for everyone if I just wasn't here.