Failed attempt.I tried to kms the other night. I let my cousin know cuz we have always talked about doing it and I wanted her to come get my kids in the morning. Well she rang the police and now my arms are messed up for nothing. 
Family are having my kids for a week or so because I haven't ever been completely child-free for 15yrs.
I had considered doing it while they were away because that's the ideal time to do it, but I've been trying to hold on. Had a call off social services an hour ago and they are questioning my ability to have my children. The police woman who was here the other night was a condescending cow and just smirked at me the whole time and she had made the report sound way worse than what it was. My cousin never should have called the police. Now I'm in a worse position than before. Now I'm sat here in tears, meds at the ready, but I need to see my children one last time. I can't video call them cuz the family members they are with will know something is up and stop me. Thinking about writing them letters but if I do that, I still don't get to see them. I need to hug them. I feel terrible for leaving them, but I hate life so much and SS crawling over me is just one more thing I can't handle. My kids were the only things I got out of bed for. I'm a good mum. I get up every day even when I just want to lie in bed and waste away. I look after them and get them to all their appointments. My kids are the only things that kept me here, and even sometimes that doesn't feel like it's enough. I'm actually fighting with myself whether or not to do it. I was drunk the other night but I'm sober now and the feeling is overwhelming. I'm going to have a potter round and a tidy up, and wait for a sign. I dunno what sign in looking for. Something good to happen to make me decide to stick around, or something bad to just push me past tipping point. If you've read this far, thank you. I just really needed to tell someone how I feel, safe in the knowledge that they aren't going to call the police or other family members on me.