I’m an idiot and I missed my opportunity to die wellI’m a procrastinator and dumb and too hopeful and I’ve really messed up everything. When my niece was born I promised myself I’d die before she could remember having known me and understand what happened and now I’m still here, taking up space, making memories with her and fucking everything up. Kids that know suicide and have family members that have done it are more likely to be depressed or die that way and I don’t want that for her at all. She is the best thing is my life. She is the only good thing. She is why I love my family. When they are hard to deal with I still do it because of her. I don’t want to ruin her life or make things harder for her but that’s what I’m doing ultimately. I need to just hurry up. 


I came home from school and it was such a mistake. I could have died there without scarring everyone. Obviously it turns out I’m such an idiot that I miscalculated anyway so who knows what would’ve happened, probably nothing. I need to stop being such a baby about methods. If I want to die I need to do what’s necessary. I know from experience that dying isn’t simple and I need to get my shit together. I am just here suffering for nothing. Literally nothing. Dumb shit like family pride but it doesn’t really make a difference if I kms after doing to work to complete my degree or before it. A dead girl with a degree is no different than one without. It’s funny that I’m so embarrassed of my failings and so prideful that it’s even preventing this. And now I’m home and can’t die without scarring my mum, who has already sacrificed way too much for me, for life. If I wait a couple years I guess I could move out again and then do it but I don’t know if I have the strength or patience or sanity to get my shit together and to make the money and do everything necessary to get out and get space just to die. And is it even worth it, the whole point is I hate this, I don’t understand life and it’s like I physically can’t enjoy it, everything is uncomfortable and painful and horrible, so why do I have to do more of it just to die well. I regret not killing myself at school so much. So so much. I regret coming back so so so badly. I just want to be dead so badly. I regret everything so much. 

I don’t really want responses I just needed to vent. This is random but it might be helpful to me if anyone has experience of family members having CS and it not having led to more suicides in the family. I don’t know if anyone in my family who has ever done this and I don’t want to start something horrible I just want to be able to stop living, just me, only me, no one else in my family.