Came close to tryingHad to get the money together to buy out my wife's part of the house. Now my mortqage is up by $370 a month. I also have to pay her support. I'm starting a new job next week where I feel I'll basically be working to pay mortgage and support. I feel so unmotivated to work now.

Early this morning I woke up and got a bottle of rye, opened it up and started drinking it straight. Picked up a bottle of sleeping pills, poured a few in my mouth, tried to swallow but only a couple went down. Got scared, and spit the rest out and went to sleep for a couple hours.

I'm on a wild rollercoaster. Sometimes I feel ok, sometimes I feel like I have to get out, but I"m just too scared to make that final decision, which stresses me out.

I've budgeted my regular expenses and I'll be open... after all expenses are paid (no savings, just utilities, food, gas, NOT clothes), I'll still have $700 a month for other stuff (well, $400, but I want to cash in a few thousand of my RSP to pay off my car which frees up $300). This other stuff would be incidentals like clothes, household items, repairs, and fun stuff.  Up until now money has never been that tight, I've been working high tech and was married to a woman who also worked lower paying jobs but which still helped so much (hence me owing her support for income disparity). But now not only am I alone (but would be quite comfortable on this salary), I'm losing $1000 a month.

She's probably tight too.

Am I overreacting to how tight I'll feel?

I have to admit, I see other friends working similar jobs talking about buying stuff, travelling, etc and I feel like I want to be able to have money to do that too.

Basically my financial situation is what seems to be pushing me over the brink the most and that's why I went into it here.

If anyone wants to kick me in the ass and say I shouldn't be whining about the numbers I have, I am open.

Edit: Rereading this, I hope I don't come across as a douche. I'm not greedy, I don't want to drive the fanciest cars. My motivation for having money on hand is for being prepared for the unknown, I have great fear of the unknown. So I store away money for that rather than blow it on extravagant things.