Wasn't really sure where to post thisLast night I had a fight with the parents for the upteenth time. Stormed out in anger and started driving not really sure where I was going, but ended up at the beach and my towns mainstreet. I walked to the waters edge, thinking that I could easily slip into the water. Whether to swim, body surf, or just...let the waves take me, I don't really know. Self-preservation probably would have won out though. I keep running through all my problems in my head. All my self loathing. All I want to do is cry. But I cant. Im standing there knee deep in the water just staring out at the sea. So i went on the pier and just stood at the very edge for an hour staring at the lights out on the oil rigs miles away. just thinking still. wanting to cry still. getting angry because i cant cry. getting angry because i cant stand up to my father. getting angry because i cant do anything to change my life and obviously i need to change something because this isn't working for me and im cutting myself and wanting to die. getting angry because i want to go deeper but cant. because i want to jump, but I'd be unable to let go, and i'd swim to safety. getting angry because im not "strong enough" to die. oxymoron. then i start thinking, what if i just attempted. did an attempt that would fail. it would fail but would forcibly change my life in a way that i'd be uncapable of doing so on my own. at that point its just doing it for attention though isn't it. people seem to not like that. I dont know why. Can anyone tell me whats wrong with doing that for attention? If im not strong enough to say anything or change anything, why is it bad for me to do someting that brings how i am inside to those around me so that change can happen. is that really so bad? so tonight im going through askreddit suicide threads and /r/sad finding reasons to keep going. somewhat working. good news is i was finally able to cry. now im just watching a thrasher horror anime. am i suicidal i ask? sometimes. More times than i'd admit to anyone i know irl. am i in immediate danger? not unless my parents make me snap and i drive off and end up crashing my car into a pole intentionally or not. im getting close to snapping but i dont think itll happen too soon. i suppose my being self aware is a good thing.