Left my wife and daughter for her, and i think ill kill myself today.Ive lefet my wife and daughter when she was just few weeks old. Ive hurt my ex wife beyond any words that can explain that. 

Ive did this for a woman which ive loved from a first sight, ive started a relationship with her that lasts for a year now.

She is hurting me so much that i cant even explain - she keeps recalling her previous partner, she calls my daughter "shit", she tells me she should die, she says things to me that hurt me to the spine and break my heart every day or two.

I love her very much, we spend a weekend with my daughter every week, she is taking good care of my daughter but when i bring her back to her mother, my partner freaks out and unloads all this shit on me. 

This has taken too long, ive tried to hang myself few months ago when she was trying to get back to her previous partner - now we are together, everyone around wants us to be happy, all the people around tell us we are a great pair - but im in despair and pain ive never been in. 

Im having seizures when she is kicking me when im down, i used to hit my head as hard as i can on the walls and the door frames to stop myself from crying and screaming.

Ive been begging her to be kind to me, ive asked her to love me so many times. She says she sometimes loves me and that my reactions to her words are bad and that why she wants my daughter to die. I try my best - i try very hard but im landing in a downward spiral always in tears in scream and in sorrow. 

Ive been spending all my money to support her, ive put myself on brink of bankruptcy, ive stolen money to support her and both of us. 

When she is happy everything seems like its going to work out. When she is not happy its hell on earth. 

I feel im on that Munch's painting - "Scream" 

Ive been to psychiatrist, and ive been perscriped carbodiazepine to stabilize my mood and it only works to some extent, when i go beyond point of pain that i can cope with i get the seizures - i lie down on the floor and i cry and weep. I weep so hard.

Ive scratched my face several times in the seizures - in a way that i could describe only as an attempt to scratch my face off. 

My parents try to have contact with me, with us. Theyve made steps to be in touch with us but SHE says they dont try hard enough and she is sad. 

I know i have to leave that woman but i cant i want her to love me i love her and i want to be with her but she is very hard on me. 

Over past 2 weeks ive been considering another suicide - i have a bottle of tramadol in the cupboard that ive taken after my grandma died from cancer - she used it as a painkiller - i know that if i take few gulps of the tramadol its going to be all over and ill have peace. 

My daughter is sleeping with us today. She is 20 months old. 

Please help. 