Trust me, it can be worse.Back in 2010 I just got out of high school and was doing absolutely fuck all with myself. I was bored, living with the parent, had no ambition, and had no idea what the hell I was supposed to do with myself. So I sat around and jerked off all day.

Well, luck has it that I started doing lots of drugs around this time, and stumbled across doing copious amounts of Benadryl to induce a "trip". You mean Benadryl, the sleep aid and antihistamine? Wow, that sounds fun. So I started doing it. A Lot. And Often.

It was "fun" in the sense that being a delusional schizophrenic for 12-24 hours is fun. Which was. It was great. So great, that I did it over and over and over and over. I did upwards of 6000mg over the course of a few months. What the fuck was I thinking, you may ask? I have no idea. It never once occurred to me that it would have any lasting effect.

So fast forward some months and I eventually got sick of it and stopped, but so much damage had already been done. I could not concentrate on anything, I could not focus, I couldn't remember fuck all. I used to spend time with friends every single night, and that slowly turned into torture. The words would not form. Conversations would go on and I would just sit there. I had no part in them. Nothing would occur to me to say. The clutch of anxiety gripped my heart at every moment. Being around people at all became extremely uncomfortable, no matter how hard I tried, no matter what I said, there was no connection. 

So I started avoiding people. Trying to figure out what the fuck happened. My brain was so scrambled that I actually had no idea what the problem could even be, the extent of the damage. It took almost a year for me to put the pieces together. And things only got worse. Benadryl fucked up my brain, fucked up my heart, kidneys, liver, bladder, whatever. Everything. Everything hurts, I have issues that I shouldn't have until I'm 80. Constant pain and no reprieve. I feel and enjoy next to nothing. My brain is not producing very much of the "ok that feels good" chemicals. I can't remember shit, my mind is a fuzzy and fractured mess, I can barely put a sentence together. I am not a functional human being. I don't even bother trying to talk to people any more. There is abso-fucking-lutely no point. The only thing I enjoy doing any more is sleeping. Sleep is fucking great, because I can be a giddy idiot in my dreams and not remember the sickening reality of the situation.

It's not even the physical pain. I can live with that. It's the feeling of nothingness. I got no kicks. None of the shit I used to enjoy doing does fuck all for me any more. I am dead inside, and I have been for years. It is hell.

I've tried, oh yes, I've tried. I smacked myself in the face and forced myself to go commiserate with other humans and actually managed for a few months. But regardless of what I do, I could never shake the feeling. There is always that shadow looming in the background. The words all feel hollow. I'm sick of forced smiles. I have nothing to share because nothing matters to me any more; it can't. The damage will never be repaired. Yesterday is fuzzy, a week ago fuzzier still, good fucking luck remembering last month or last year. 

I'm not going to tell you that your situation doesn't suck ass. It probably does. But trust me, it can be worse. Every tiny comfort can be taken away from you, crushed to dust and scattered to the wind right in front of your eyes, leaving you a bystander to your own miserable existence. Embrace the little shit that you still enjoy. What do you think anyone lives for? The tiny dose of chemical happiness you feel when things go your way.

Why did I type this? I don't know, a warning? A little pick-me-upper to someone else who's down? I don't know. I'm just reaching the absolute end of my rope and figured I'd share my own personal hell that I have been living with for the past 7 years. Nobody in my life needs to know, because nothing can be done. It's a foregone conclusion. The family that is stuck dealing with me would only suffer more if they knew the details of the story. It's better if they just think I'm an antisocial little shitcake instead of knowing the extent of it.

I pray that you enjoy what time you have left.