Planning for the timeHey

I am posting to bounce some things off you guys. I can trust the anonymity of the internet more than I can the real people in my life.

I'm ready to die, I can't do it now because I have got some things unfinished that will take another 2 years. Once this is done though I'm definitely ready to go and follow my friend.

My best friend died 3 months ago. It was anticipated but not for years to come. It happened suddenly over a small period of time. I put my life on hold during his last few months in order to care for him and his wife unknowing of the fact he only had months. I prepared to hold the world still for them for as long as it was needed.

I'm on my own now. His wife has cut me out. As have the rest of my now previous community. I spoke up for my needs after his death and unfortunately speaking up and being open and honest about my needs made me a villain. 

I have lived a pretty horrible life throughout, every few years someone close to me dies and has done since a young age. When i say close to me I mean a parent, an aunt, sibling, grandparent etc. This has gone on since I was 7yo and has not ceased for long enough for me to process individual death properly. 

What I have noticed is every time someone dies, its not just that person that dies. Any relationships surrounding them are at very high risk of collapse - at least 1 person will always disappear forever. More often than not many more people will go.

I am sick to fuck of the lot and if you can't beat them join them. I'm ready to follow my friend, he was one of maybe 6 or 7 people across my life who was a person who truly cared. Who I could trust unconditionally and they could me. Another one of those 6 or 7 used to be his wife.

I am going to wait around 2 years before going through with it, Works out well as I might have just been able to experience enough of being 30 to make it easier. I will be leaving behind blood siblings.

If i was to take out a life insurance policy would 2 years be enough time such that when I go they will pay out to whoever I nominated? 

How can I maximise the benefits to those I will 'nominate' essentially over these 2 years so when I go they will not have to want?