I'm not depressed, but am looking for a way to encourage myself to change my outlook on life.I have a habit of glorifying death, thinking that its better than life. Life just seems so difficult, forced, and uncertain, while death seems to be an answer to the perfect answer to a question you haven't even asked yet. I want to get out of this frame of mind. I sometimes get triggers that make it worse, and when I recognize them, can sometimes even stop the suicidal thoughts, but sometimes I can't.

For example, listening to sad music or love songs can make me want to commit suicide. And when I start to think of suicide, shivers run down my spine with joy, thinking how great it would be to be dead. I know that this seems like a horrible way to live, wanting to be dead, but it's just the way I've been for almost a year.

Another example is thinking of starting a job and then not having time to pursue my hobbies. This makes me think of committing suicide, which once again sends shivers down my spine.

Each of these seems to be very dangerous, but the worst thing is that the suicidal thoughts are somewhat pleasant. Death doesn't seem bad to me, but like the perfect state of life. The best deterrent to wanting to kill myself is pain. I cannot stand the thought of enduring a lot of pain immediately, and so I don't go to harsh extremes, which is good. I've tried more painful attempts, and they haven't worked, and so I know not to even try them again. So some of the more brutal attempts I don't even think of. But I still have a bad habit of thinking of other ways.

My question is, how do I change my way of thinking? I cannot attend DBT groups right now, but I've attended one before and loved it. I feel like I need something to hold me over until I can attend one again. I don't know how I can change my attitude towards death and life. Like I said, sometimes I recognize triggers and will act accordingly, but that isn't always the case. When it isn't music that is magnifying the thoughts, I don't know what to do. I have no clue how to change my attitude towards death, how to stop glorifying it.