Diagnosed with 4 diseases and a misserable life on top of that.. story (should i tell my parents??)This is me

I am diagnosed with 3 skin diseases
Pityriasis amiantacea
Sebbhoreic dermetatis
Eczema
From head (scalp, face, body) to toe.
Nothing seems to work im struggeling for around 2 years now (spended 1000 euros on medicine). 
I skip uni atleast 3 times a week because of these embarrising red spots and yellow flakes on my nose cheecks and scalp. My grades dropped drastically. I dont have any friends on top of that, people always behave strange when im around.
I am also a 21 year old virgin, i asked roughly 35 women out all rejected me or gave me fake numbers (even girls from my classes).
I never go out and have fun because i almost dont know anyone.
I am always in my room doing homework trying to make up for those times i didnt go to school.
I also have BDD (i spend hours looking at the mirror stressing about my looks and skin diseases i also spend thousands on clothing trying to make up for my looks) and severe depression.

But here is the thing...
I went to the doctor because i had a new kind of rash on my upper body and he took a biopsy.
Today i went back for the results and they think i have  some kind of incurable dangerous skin diseas. Thats when it hit me.. i tried to hold back my tears and left asap that shithole
Went to my dads car (yeah i dont even have my own car) and started crying for like a half hour at the parking lot. There was this old lady that saw me and asked me if i could open the door so she could talk to me i said no and strated the car and drove away.

Went to the pharmacy for the medicine she said  that its not availible anymore, i had to wait 5 weeks. I didnt even bother calling that doctor who described me that shit. 

Cried again in the car and drove home. My parents asked me if it was some good news. I told them that it was nothing important just an false flag. Then we were eating my mum saw that my eyes were red and asked me if i cried. She knew i was lying because i also ate very little. I told her it was the wind she said: yeah wind you drove the car right?? And then is just didnt say anything.

When im outside i always think why me, why fucking me. Why cant i be that guy, or that guy or that girl.

I honestly see no point in living anymore. Nobody cares about me only my family. My live is fucked up i cant live like this anymore.
