I needed place to talk, not killing myself no worries!Just want to let it all out so i can move on, so reddit , please lend me your ears (or eyes?)

So i've been living overseas to get my degree. I'm not the smartest dude, but im a very diligent person.I'm also not a very attractive person in my opinion, just a regular chinese dude with a very slitty eye -.- , Im quite tall in my opinion , im 184 cm tall or 6 ft 7/16 inch, sligthly fat... maybe little more than slightly.I love to make friends but I sucks at interacting with peoples. I love singing although i suck at it. I've been single my whole life, i do have 1 or 2 crush back then during my high school but it didn't worked out, right now im kinda okay with not being in a relationship, but at the same time i can't see myself having relationship for the rest of my life. As i said before, im a very diligent person, im a very hard worker and i will do anything i could to achive my goals. I always felt that if i try hard enough i could eventually catch up with those gifted people, im not smart so i study extra hard, i have a very good grade, 2nd year in collage and fortunately manage to get 3.91 GPA, im not a very good looking person so i tried extra hard to groom myself. Unfortunately  reality give me big huge F finger and teach me life lessons the hardway, hardwork could only bring you so far, in the end gifted peoples would always be a step ahead of you no matter what, im a culinary students, as i mentioned before i get all the theories down , but i eventually failed my test when i need to actually cook and sell, it sucks, especially seeing those dudes who barely ever come to the class nailing the test. I feel like i have no chance in real life, i feel like i will never achieve my dreams, I always want to let my parents have it easy and splurge while they can, everytime the thought of not being able to achieve that cross my mind, i honestly want to cry. I never once think that life sucks, im just sad that the way i've been doing things were proven wrong and pointless.

Anyway im not in position to complain about life, im sure there is someone out there who got it even worse than me. I just want to let it all out so i could carry on living my life, maybe sometimes ill comeback and whine again, by the time it happens, please lend me your ears again reddit! :) 

Thank you very much!