I'm not suicidal, but I should die.I...don't know where to start. I apologize for the wall of text.

3 years ago, my best friend at the time commit suicide. I knew that they were having extremely depressive thoughts, and I had tried helping them, but I obviously failed. I think that I was a factor in why they went through with it. They had multiple arguments with me over what opinions I had about myself, but I never was able to convince myself that what they said was true. We did this back and forth, but never had any sorts of aggressive arguments where things actually got heated and we started yelling. Because of this, I never really thought that his situation was that bad. I failed in helping him, and I'm still obsessed over the fact that I failed. I'm pretty sure he'd still be alive if I had just never entered his life.

Along the way, I had a couple of other people who I became semi-close to.  I never told them about the guy above, but they told me a lot about themselves. Same situation, I tried helping, failed again. Most of them ended up yelling at me and just calling me a terrible person, and in reality, I am one. One of them went far enough to just tell me to not have any more friends, that all I was doing was just making everyones lives worse.

About 6 months ago, I met this girl, let's call her A. She's a really great person. She also shares an extremely negative opinion about herself, something which I know is shit that she's forced herself to believe due to other people pressuring her. We quickly became good friends, and she told me a lot about herself, and she became the first person I talked to about the suicide of my previous friend. The only problem is, while she insists I don't, I just make her life worse. I'm not depressed, I'm happy with life, but I do end up having quite a few depressing thoughts which I tell her. She isn't annoyed that I have them, she actually helps me each time I have them. When she has the same thoughts, I try and help her, and she does say that I do help her, but I don't think I do. She became my best friend, something I didn't have for 3 years. Recently, however, I've started to like her, romantically. I feel terrible for it, I know I'm a terrible person, and that I shouldn't be having feelings for someone who I know is out of my league. I haven't told her what I feel. She used to like me a few years ago, but that was before she knew me. She says that if I did like her, which I now do, she would say yes, but I can't end up confessing, because I know I'd hurt her.

My family gave up on me a long time ago. I don't do that well in school, B/C student, which isn't bad to me, but to them, I'm a complete failure. They've told me multiple times that they hate me and their life would be better without me. I can't blame them, they're right, I do just make peoples lives worse.

I don't want to die, I'm happy enough. But I just make peoples lives worse. My friends, my family, I can't do anything right for them no matter how hard I try. Everything they've said about me is true. I am an idiot, failure, useless, worthless, piece of shit. I should be dead, I should have never been born, my entire life I've just caused problems for people. At this point I just try to be as quiet as possible, and I only speak up when I have something funny to say. Otherwise, unless it's someone I can trust, I just stay shut up and quietly sit there.

Sorry for the wall of text, again, and if it seems incoherent/irreadable. I'm not looking for pity, I'm aware of how terrible a person I am and how many people I've failed, I'm just looking for a place to put all this in.