kind of a weird place right nowbefore my story adds to any stress on your part, i would like to emphasize that i am not suicidal right now. i have no intention of causing self-harm in any way right now.

this is going to be sounding kind of strange but i guess i'm recognizing this ahead of time and am a little proactive in my concern for it. 

i sort of came to this conclusion internally and while i've joked it with friends, i guess i'm slightly serious regarding the idea on the inside. 

i've sort of set a deadline for myself to commit suicide. not right now, not this year, but age 50. i guess i saw how hunter s. thompson did it and that made me put it off for a later date if i don't have any kind of life by then.

so i guess that's kind of a weird place to be put into, wanting help for 20 something years down the line, but realistically i don't know if that belongs under just regular depression with long-term goals or if that's actually a concern for having suicide being an aim. i wouldn't want that to necessarily progress, but i'm also not scared of it, so that has me somewhat worried.

i'm not suicidal due to any major factors in my life, but more the absence of anything. my current 'career' has me basically living life as a neet with my parents effectively. artwork commissions has me afloat and keeping the government at bay mostly, but time and life are a bit of a blur. i actually started the day out feeling very strongly, but at lunch, the wind was taken out of my sails hard and i seriously thought about calling suicide hotline to get some advice.

this might be something that the answer is i probably should go see a psychologist for my issues, but i guess i wanted to make sure i shouldn't be more concerned about this right now. if there's some kind of like...strange step of 'setting a date' for suicide. if there is, i've never heard of it but i'd hate to find out i'm somehow one panic attack away from doing something irreparable.

and apologies to anyone who's going through something more immediate or worse than me, but i'm unsure what to do with these feelings at the moment.