I don't knowI don't really know how to start this off, but I'm planning on rehearsing jumping off a bridge. I don't exactly want to die right now, but I've had suicidal ideation for almost as long as I can remember and I feel like I need to do something about it. I've been going through a really tough time with my mental health this year, and now that I'm on the upswing I feel like I don't really want to get better. I don't want a job. I don't want friends. I don't want to go out. I don't want to do anything. I told my therapist about this yesterday and she didn't seem too concerned. I also feel like I'm getting signs that this is something I should do. 

In my town we have a large "suicide bridge", but I don't want to jump off that quite yet because I'm not sure how I would feel after I let go, and I'm not even too sure that I really want to die. I'm thinking of jumping off a smaller bridge to test the waters (pun intended) and see if I feel regret when I let go. I'm fairly certain that I would survive the fall, but the fact that I might not is appealing. My reservations are as follows:

1) I'm worried I might be doing it for attention, or that my family will think I'm doing it for attention. On a certain level I think I am, because my family doesn't believe there is anything wrong with me mentally. They just think I'm lazy and that I'm using my illnesses as a way to make myself seem "special", which I'm obviously not. If I could choose to be healthy I would, but they don't believe me. It makes me furious, and although I love them I really want to stick it to them for treating me this way for so long. I feel horrible saying that, but that's how it is.


2) I'm worried that I'll be a burden (or a danger) to the cars crossing the bridge, or that I'll be taking resources away from people who are 100% gung ho about killing themselves when I'm only testing it out. And, 


3) I'm worried I'll be put in the hospital and won't be allowed to leave. 

My main issue is that I don't want to be attention seeking, I truly want to know how I'd feel. I'm thinking of going around sunrise so not too many people are out and I wouldn't have to swim to shore in the dark. I don't know what I'm exactly looking for here, I guess I just wanted to put this out there and see what other people think. 