Can anybody relate? Don't exactly want to die, don't have a concrete plan but just feeling so calmly suicidal idkI really really want to be happy for once? Like, not just when I am with friends, but when I am alone. Every time I am not with friends to distract me, I am just e n g u l f e d by deep apathy. To the point where I don't care about my future anymore, because I know I can always choose when to exit. It has even helped me with eating because I don't even care about what I put into my mouth anymore. (have EDNOS) Yesterday I had KFC fried chicken with truffle cheese dip and fries, and I didn't give a shit. I am just so calm.
I'm starting to hate this downer part of me so much. I look at my batchmates all studying and I really wish I had their motivation and drive because I am dry. I have outstanding topics left to study and it sort of scares me that I just don't care.

I don't want to continue with this existence much longer. But I don't want to disgrace my parents by leaving this way. I am just so awfully tired, although I am not so depressed like I don't have insomnia or cry so I feel like a fraud but I am just so ready for an accident to take me, or overdose and fuck out of this life. I don't care much anymore. Objectively I know my life is good, I have loving parents, lovely lovely friends, I have a pet, a roof over my head, a university education, decent smarts and financial comfort. But, I just feel really shitty and I don't know why I want to die. I feel like life is wasted on me and I wish I could give it to somebody else who has it worse, and I am constantly thinking I shouldn't be feeling like this. I KNOW objectively there is no reason for me to want to die. But why do I want to?I feel so trapped and I cannot think of anything but how much I wish I were not alive. And I have an exam tomorrow and Wednesday, which I have barely prepared for. My mom and everyone around me is like wow you handle stress so well, or wow how come you are not studying? and I smile it away and feel a little guilty for not appearing to study as hard as I should be, but the real reason is really because I feel so resigned. How do you tell people that the reason why is because you have weakly given up? And that you are considering death? I know rationally these suicidal feelings are being blown completely out of proportion because there is no stressor in my life specific enough to warrant wanting to escape. For now I am just going to finish the exams, go for therapy and get my meds and see what happens. I probably will feel better soon enough, and then have to deal with the consequences of not studying this time.