advice for getting off the never-ending suicidal mindset (in Germany)So I first need to say, everyone's got their own story, and I feel the need to justify how I got to where I am. As I grow older, I've seen some friends that have moved into secure, educated career paths, while others have had a less certain path in life. I wouldn't fault them or consider them anything less for being where they are. I don't know how to express that, without sounding condescending somehow. I think I just want to express this self-criticism. Regardless, as for myself, I'm always really unsatisfied with where I am, and I know that I've made some huge mistakes. I'm not sure if I should really feel the way I do, but I know that a lot of people can resent me for who and where I am today. I think some of my worst decisions were influenced by the tendencies of my state of mind, but I don't know how that can really stand as an "excuse" or anything.

I'm 24 now, and I'm just struggling.. maybe I just need to find satisfaction in my life, and the "longer route" to achieving a career of some sort. I'm in a civil partnership with someone in Germany, although I come from the US.

For the past 10-ish years, I think I've really just felt largely depressed or unstable. My partner's aware of my history, which includes some half-hearted suicide attempts (nothing too serious), drug dependencies, self-harm. I'm quite an extreme for the family I come from. There's no real way to prove that I have a mental illness, but I really feel something is wrong with my state of mind.

In the past, I tried seeking help, and asked a doctor about the possibility of medication. The doctor gave me kind of a hard lecture though, and I can't seem to bring myself to a doctor about these things anymore. For a while, I went through therapy, but it didn't help much. I know that it's not okay to simply indulge in drug abuse.  I've had periods of very healthy lifestyle, like regular sleeping schedule, going for runs every morning or every other morning, daily salads and fruits/perfecting one's diet. I quit cigarettes for nearly a year, but I feel I've just hit a really bad episode again. I don't know if it's worse each time, or if it's just always this way. I feel totally unfocused, like it's difficult to focus on what people are saying sometimes even. I feel like I'm missing my whole life, my memories, and everything, because I can't seem to keep my head in a state that lets me function with society. It feels weird to put it like that, but I really just feel my head's a little too wild to function in society.

ah.. I shouldn't ramble too much. There's so much that just feels completely unmanageable -- my job, sleep difficulties, smoking again, drinking again, trying to force some interest in something in order to not look depressive to my partner all the damn time. I'm hoping that someone might have some good advice for me. I don't know the health system in Germany, although I'm on the public insurance system. I don't know if I have any options, and I really just have horrible anxiety with doctors, like with all things, heh. I've allowed more people to become attached to me though, and I just can't stand to think about how they'd be affected if I did kill myself. But the desire and thoughts are there.

Thanks to anyone who has some input to share in advance. I'm not about to kill myself, but I just feel like my mindset's becoming more in one of those dangerous modes again, and it feels so beyond me as to how I can just be okay. As far as the long-term goes, I think it will happen if I don't find some way to recover. I always feel depressed, and it's too overwhelming sometimes.