Fuck everythingmy body hurts.  (I'm very very skinny btw.  I only eat like hamburgers, chicken, french fries, and noodles.  And I usually get full after like one bite.  Idk if it's because I'm depressed and feel like I don't deserve to eat when no one loves me or just cuz I eat very little in general.)

I slept all day and woke up late.

My bro came home after being away from the weekend, and smoked a ton of his weed, just like before he left.  By himself.

My friend that I can't talk to anymore, says nice things on her tumblr and it says #for you! but I can't talk to her so I guess its for everyone else except for me basically.  She and my brother say how they like the rain falling down and the smell outside as etc the rain outside etc something like that.  I like that stuff too!

Everyone thinks all I care about is video games, the computer, and being a weeaboo, but I care about people too.  My brother keeps shutting my door on me.  He thinks I don't want people to interact with me and that I just want to stare at neogaf all day.  That's not true, I only wanna look at neogaf for a bit and then hang out with people.

by the way this is random but I wish I (was gonna say tried out more foods but that don't make sense) (umm) had more nutrition.  I always feel parts of my body pulsating and twitching, especially when I'm worried or stressed about something etc.  I don't eat any fruits or vegetables (except for apples/corn/grapes) and I wish I knew a way to get that nutrition without drinking a protein drink that gives you the runs.  My ex-girlfriend's mom gave my ex-girlfriend some kinda pills she made that had grinded up fruits in one pill, and grinded up vegetables in the other, and she'd swallow those pills to get the nutrition.  (Her mom didn't like me much, maybe that's why she didn't help me with that.)

aaa and now bugs are landing on me.

I REALLY wanna just record videos on my phone of like stuff that bothers me every day.  but i dont think anyone would care/watch and anyways.

I can't deal with anything.  I keep going, though.  I want to end it, though.

I'm gonna talk to someone though.

I can't stand all the noises people make and people being inconsiderate (my bro said I can't snap my fingers, but he keeps constantly whistling very badly CONSTANTLY, VERY CONSTANTLY EVERY DAY ALL THE TIME I wake up from it he was just doing it he Always whistles ALl the time.  and every time I do all I can think of is him saying "You're not allowed to snap your fingers, you might wake up the kids" and yet I wake up every single morning from him whistling.)

I have so many rules my bro gave me.  I asked him why people say bad words, and he told me (like 24 years ago when I was a kid in third grade) that any time anyone says a cuss word, it means that they hate God, they hate Jesus Christ, they hate the Earth, and they hate mother nature.  I asked what the middle finger means, and he says it means that they hate God.

And in school I always felt bad and was alone, cuz people would flip eachother off and then run away playfully, and I always wondered "Why are they saying that they Hate God???"

anyways I could ramble about that a lot more but 

and I can't stand hearing the noise of background noises of even my mom's breathing machine.  um actually I'll fix that by buying earplugs.  But I hear the TV or the ceiling fan from the other floor, and it sounds very annoying actually, often.  And my mom always coughs and slams cupboards.  every time i wanna draw.  Now every time that my brother comes into this room and draws, literally it is completly silent for the entire 2 hours and he is able to concentrate and get his work done (as I just sit there feeling INCREDIBLY frustrated and jealous.  And he'd think stupidly of me if I copy him and start drawing myself when he does.)  My mom only makes these noises whenever my bro and everyone leaves and I'm alone with her.  She does all this weird stuff on purpose so that I can't even describe it, and when I do she says she doesn't remember doing that from the other day or she says I was making it up when I definitely was not.

She trolls me.  Yesterday, after washing my hands after I touched the salt shaker, she asked why I asked them and I said it was cuz I touched the salt shaker, and she said I'm "getting Worst and worst every day."

LITERALLY EVERY SINGLE day of my life I have washed myhands after touching the salt shaker or ketchup, in fact one time I got secondhand smoke from my bro accidentally and he told the kids "Oh don't mind him if he acts weird, he's acting Weird because he smoked" in a very very negative way, and he thought the reason I washed my hands after I touched w/e is cuz I was high or something and thought I can't handle it or something, when no, I LITERALLY DO wash my hands every single day after I touch those things

and every day I tell my mom she shouldn't talk over the food she's preparing cuz she might spit on it (more health teacher advice like the last thing I mentioned) along with other advice, and she gets mad at me and eventually says ok,

THEN SHE does it again the NEXT DAY IT HAPPENS EVER YDAY FOR THE PAST 7 years oh wait no the entire literally my entire life

I hate it I'm 30 years old and she says I'm not allowed to move out and I can't buy new clothes cuz she "bought me these when I was in middle school" or something and every time I go on a vacation I complain to my dad that I'm wearing very very hot khakis.  I wish I was allowed to buy other pants, because literally the only pants I've ever owned for the past 20 years are very hot sweaty dorky khakis I think they are.  maybe they arent khakis idk what they are.

I just had to vent after my bro coming home after 3 days and I could hear him smoke litrally 7 hits in a row from his bong before leaving, and now he came back and smoked a lot more, all by himself, and I sneaked into his room and he has the biggest freaking bag of weed.  I don't understand why he wouldn't ask me if I wanted a hit or something (its not like we used to do that all the time and he used to come home from work in the morning and we'd both smoke 3 hits together or anything like that...  he always likes me and then starts completly ignoring me and finding me annoying once he gets a girlfriend.) 

I was banned from drinking beer cuz my mom says I'm a huge alcoholic for getting a 12-pack of beer every friday, but I survived the ban (I still have to wait til friday for it though, as long as I behave) and anyways

also the internet.  but I was told I should take a break from the internet from someone on reddit and I agree but idk what else to do.  I wish I could Draw BUT MY MOM KEEPS making noises slamming cupboards very loudly as they bounce against the wood, and coughing.  And if I ever feel down, i write about it on reddit.  i..write about it on... red...dit.....  SURELY IT DOESNt result in ppl telling me that all I do is spam reddit and vent the same stuff on here all the time and ppl thinking im a troll rite?

and everything I do is right or wrong

I made a frankenstein pose next to a frankenstein statue and my bro said "What the hell is he doing??" and he said "What the hell are you doing, be normal" so I just stood still with my arms down

same thing happened with these blue men group model things.  i was making a pose with drum sticks on the fourth drum (the models were drumming on the others) and my dad looked at me Very weird with his phone and told me to just take a normal pose, he told me to make a pose of my putting my hand down on the drum (LITERALLY RIGHT BELOW where the blue men model's drum stick is, where its paused in motion of slamming really down on the drum right where my finger is) and he took that picture instead.

ok so then two weeks ago (omg my mom is coughing now aaah but she doesn't have much to live, so I can't move out, I must be here during her last years, also I'd be too lonely living on my own with no friends at all) my dad took a picture of me and he was Weirded out cuz I wasn't making a pose (CUZ EVERY TIME I do they don't like it so of course I didn't) so he told me to make a pose like I was looking out at the field and 

I DONT GET IT

also my dad blames me for things my bro does (but I guess this is payback since the opposite used to happen before) I always put away his bong at night, and then my dad gets mad at me for leaving out a bong in the house when I did not do that.  I am too shy to talk to my dad or my brother, though.  My brother is the God of Life cuz he gave me so many rules.

I got finally happy when I was friends with this person.  Then I called her the Goddess of Life cuz I told her she was like a sis to me, and i call my bro the god of life, and anyways basically I ended up sadly ..=( I don't want to say it.  She says I'm a creepy stalker now and I've been staying away from her cuz she wants me to.  She never talked to me about what bothered her, she talked to my friend about it instead.  She pasted screenshots of my conversations with her to her friends she said.  I don't even know what the screenshots were and why they needed to be shown.  I don't understand why she thinks its harassment if I talk to her again.  but I'm leaving her alone.

anyways I'm sad about everything and my like head hurts now too and 

things got weird.  It ends up that I am a bother to everyone.  It ends up that I actually would be better off dead because then my brother and such wouldn't have to deal with someone annoying like me.  I'm not liked on the internets either, unless I pretend to be a girl (I did that in year 2002 for two months so that my online games would be popular, it worked extremly well but then I told everyone I'm really a sweaty hairy boy and everyone stopped playing my games) and

idk (AAAH PTSD flashbacks of my bro getting mad everytime I say "I don't know," even if the answer literally is I don't know aa.  He always thinks there's something wrong with me.)

err that's a weird note to end on but uh..  have a nice day..  also if I'm going to just vent personally about everything..gee whiz I wish I had more money..ok have a nice day