This is my first Reddit post ever. It's a shame that it's this, but whatever.Hi. (This is going to be a long post, and for those who may end up reading through the whole thing, I'm sorry that I wasted your time.)  
I honestly don't even know how it came to this. Not very long ago- it might have even just been last year- everything was coming along just fine. Granted, I wasn't over the moon with happiness most of the time, but things were just "okay". I got into what may or may not be the school of my dreams, and away from my previous school which was on its path into the netherworld as far as I could tell.  
Then, all of a sudden, it was if I got hit by a train. Or, rather, like I was *on* a train, which had for over a decade been cruising on a track on a bridge high above the world that lay below, making it all seem almost beautiful from a distance, proceeding to violently derail for no reason in evidence. All of a sudden, just like that, I was watching everything plummet at breakneck speed towards the world I had felt such detachment from until right about now. (Not *now*, exactly, more like around last month.) And all that I, the passenger, could do was watch it happen through a dirty window from my seat in the last train car.  
Again, there's no explanation for this. If anyone were to ask (which they in all certainly will not), I wouldn't have an answer. There's nothing wrong with my life. I have access to good food and clean water every day, I have access to the internet, my workload hasn't increased dramatically due to quarantine, et cetera. Yet for some reason, I stubbornly believe that everything is terrible. That I'm doing absolutely nothing with the life I was given, which I'll admit is true. I'm bad at everything. I can't even walk a straight line without bumping into something. My one talent is for literature, but that doesn't mean a damn thing because I don't have a story to tell. I've wanted to be a writer since I was eight, and suddenly I'm averse even to that, one of the few things I've genuinely enjoyed doing. I don't like anything anymore. I used to wake up very early (around four in the morning, not sure why, but I wouldn't even get tired until around ten at night) but now I can't even be bothered to get out of bed most days, because I know each day will be just like the last- spent doing nothing at all.  
My mom seems to have picked up on this strange apathy, and credits it all to "teen angst" (I turned thirteen this February) and my "bad attitude". The former statement is frankly a bit offensive, since it feels like there's this rope wound so tightly around me that I can't move or think or do anything, and *that's* the label that this inexplicable pain has been given. The latter is more understandable, but I've had a "bad attitude" my whole life (think: painfully sardonic and harshly critical of everything and everyone, which probably makes me a pain to be around). My steep decline in my general enjoyment of life has only surfaced through very small indications that I've allowed through, but I don't know if anyone'll ever put two and two together.  
I'm an introvert, but I do have "friends"- that is to say, I'm decently popular in my class at school, and I get along with most people. However, I still feel disconnected from all of my peers. I have virtually nothing in common with anyone I know, and I don't consider people to be true friends until we've formed a true emotional bond. Suffice it to say that at this age, that's more or less impossible. (It probably doesn't help that I live \~25 miles away from the school I go to, so I can't keep contact with any of my classmates after the final bell rings.) The result? Crippling loneliness, all the time, because I feel like I'm misunderstood by everyone I'm supposed to know. Any sane person would say that I'm too old for imaginary friends, but I've got almost 30.  
To top it all off, there's well over seven billion people in this world. Everything's been done already, and the only place society has left to go is downward. I wasn't even a thought in anyone's mind until 2006, so how can there possibly be a place for me? What can I possibly bring into the universe that wasn't already there? These are the type of thoughts that run rampant in my head every single day, because I don't care about the things I'm supposed to.  
I'm not sure if I have real depression or if I'm just a drama queen (my guess lies with the latter) because I'm scared witless of telling someone about all this. Chances are it would just be used against me, that this is just another reason to believe that I'm an ungrateful, spoiled child and the like, which is most likely true.