I'm just gonna not make any sense here for a while.I really don't know what's wrong with me. I've always been like this, the tiniest argument or foul word will completely destroy me.  I never talk to anyone, because I'm terrified of rejection or disapproval.  But the strange thing is, when I do talk, people seem to like me.  
My best friends would tell you (or rather have told other people) that I have no personality. I simply act like whoever I'm hanging out with, and they're 100% true. I hang out with people because it makes me feel normal, but most of them only talk to me because they *think* I'm normal.  It usually takes about a month or so of knowing someone before they realize I'm different than who I pretend to be, and slowly cut off every tie we have.   
So then there's alcohol. Alcohol is what I turned to a few weeks before the only person in the entire world who understood me hung himself to death while masturbating.  So, that's how my cousin died... he was pretty much a big brother, he always around, the only other DUDE in our family.  Dead as shit, naked with a god damn belt around his neck.
So then there was my girlfriend.  I started dating her a few weeks later, and not until *two years* later did I find out she was an actual nut. She was insane, and would always scream at me and throw beer bottles and shit because she didn't think I loved her, and for some dumbass reason I kept trying to convince her I *did*, because for some dumbass reason, I *did* love her, and all the while feeding my alcoholism.  Then she ran off with my best friend, feeding him the same lies about me she fed me about her ex-boyfriend, about how I beat her and hit her every night, to the point she was actually describing things that *she* did as if I did them.  
So I broke up with her, terribly, and moved back home, where I am now facing a year of jail for getting a DUI that violated my probation for psychedelic mushrooms that weren't even mine.  And although real life for the past three years has seemed like mindless distractions from thinking about killing myself, I've only ever *seriously* considered it three times, and every. single. time. i regret not killing myself.  I always wait around hoping things will get better, and all of a fucking sudden, I just lose a handful of friends who probably never fucking liked me to begin with and I'm going to jail, or somebody's dead.  
All I can think about is if my cousin just hadn't fucking killed himself, I could, because my family can't take another trauma.  I hate being like this, but craziness runs in our family, especially in the males.  
I have a high IQ which I view as like having a quad-core processor on a linux computer with 512MB ram designed to do nothing but word processing.  The only things I'm good at are making music which will never make me any money, and talking to people which is simply something I'm completely good at fucking faking.  And on top of this, I don't have any money, we are literally fucking poor, I make 8 bucks an hour and my dad makes minimum wage, the only reason we haven't lost our house is because my Grandma who leases it to us stopped charging so they could afford lawyers to cover up the fucking shame they feel like I've shat all over their family.  
I'm twenty one.  Only twenty fucking one.  not even almost twenty two.  How much longer will it be before my fucking brains starts being normal again.