Help?Thanks ahead of time to anyone who reads this wall of text I'm about to write.

&amp;#x200B;

This will be the first time I speak up. Around age 18 I had an episode of what I thought was dying. It was my very 1st panic attack. I proceeded to go to the ER 26 times that month convinced I was dying and they were missing whatever it was. Nothing was the same since that day. I wake up feeling cloudy and out of it every day. Can't concentrate on anything. My whole life shut down that day.

 Fast forward to age 25. Gone nowhere in life, can't. Developed massive phobias, hardly leave the house. Public is just one fear after another till I feel dizzy. One day my heart starts doing this weird thing. Kind of skipping, lasts an hour. I go to er and it stops as I walk in. They do tests and they show hypothyroidism. Recommend I see my primary. I do so and am prescribed Levothyroxine(synthroid). A month later was like a miracle. No more panic. Still have phobia thoughts but without the wave of panic it's like nothing. Can ignore it as just a passing thought. I think my whole life is turning around. I even went on vacation to Florida later that year which involved taking a plane. This would've been unheard of for me up until now. Only thing bothering me is I'm still getting weird episodes of flutters in my chest occasionally.

Fast forward to age 28. Flutters happening more and more often, lasting longer ect. ER still hasn't been able to catch one on the monitor. One morning I wake up and grab some water. Sit down to start my wake up routine when suddenly I get a feeling like I've been kicked in the stomach. My heart starts racing. Not panic racing, dangerous racing. I call the EMS. My heart rate was hitting 270 then jumping to sinus then back to the 200's. I felt like I was dying, blacked out several times on the way to the hospital. This was my 1st AFIB attack. I began having at least one a week. Most terrifying experience of my life. This went on for about a year before it was finally deemed serious enough for surgery. Had surgery in October, successful. Issue is this has brought all the panic back full force, except now the panic comes with PAC/PVC's(heart "skips") with it.  I've also learned that having AFIB at my age makes me super likely to have heart failure at some point. God knows when.

Long story short the panic ans anxiety has left me feeling suicidal for many many years. I've kept it to myself because I already felt like a burden to my family I didn't want to make it worse on them. When I thought things were getting better I was happy for the 1st time in 8 years. Now this with heart problem I'm feeling it more then ever. I'm 29 and still live with my mother because I haven't been able to establish my own life since all this started. It's killing me. I'm going nowhere fast with no hope on the horizon. The only joy is that somewhere in the worst of it I met the best girl in the world. She's the only reason I haven't killed myself yet. I can't imagine what it would do to her. I feel like life it stacked against me at every turn. I try so hard to look for some signs of things getting better but nothing. I'm scared. Not only that I'll do it but of the future too. I'm scared to kill myself because I don't to hurt my loved ones but I'm scared of the future and what kind of hellish deterioration my heart will do to me. I've fought so long to just hold on and ride it out. It's done nothing but get worse. I'm losing this war.

PS: I wrote this an hour ago. I've been cycling through crying and getting mad at myself for even typing it, and getting mad at myself for not being brave enough to post it. Fuck it, I'm pressing enter.