Social anxiety has taken everything.Most of you probably won't read my boring and pathetic life story but here I go. I just want some closure and write down my life story. 

I have had social anxiety since I was 14. It started out as blushing when I had to speak in public in front of class, ... in high school and it has gradually become worse and worse. By the time I was a senior in high school, I had completely isolated myself. I mean I had acquaintances but never really had any friends anymore since I was like 15-16. I isolated myself so much I just never really learned how to bond with people or just have a normal conversation. I never know what to say, I feel like I'm just empty inside. I didn't have any hobbies because that would require me to have social interactions with other people.

College was more of the same thing. I studied on my own, and skipped class all the time to just play some games I barely even enjoyed. I never had the chance to go to a dorm or anything like that. My parents lived a couple of minutes from campus, so I had to keep living with my parents. In college, I had some rare moments (when I drank a lot, like really a lot, I'm talking 10-15 beers) and I actually had a good time. Hell, I even met some (two actually, which is not that impressive I know) drinking buddies. Then I got a job at an accounting firm and lost contact with them too. No more friends for me.

My social anxiety is so bad I'm actually scared of intimacy. My family have never been the most affectionate people and physical contact (such as hugs or kisses which are normal in most families) were never a thing in my family. From a young age, I have always felt tremendously uncomfortable with human physical contact. I just can't without feeling incredibly awkward and ruining the moment. That plus the fact that I still live with my parents, and started balding at the age of 26 ensures I will never get a girlfriend or family of my own either.

It has spread to my career too. I was promoted to senior associate about 6-8 months ago, and it has been the worst. It means I have to coach junior associates, have lots of client and manager contact and I just hate it. I'm so stressed out. Managers are complaining about me, I come across as unimaginably stupid because every time someone asks me a question, my brain just stops working. I'm so afraid people will think I'm stupid or incompetent, I freeze and say nothing, which means people think I'm incompetent. It's pretty ironic, I know, but there's nothing I can do about it. Social anxiety is costing me everything.

Severe depression has started kicking in since my last year in college. Now, several years later (I'm now 26), I just had enough. I can't keep going like this. I enjoy nothing anymore. My life is not worth living. I have no hopes and dreams anymore. I already feel like I have missed out on life's most joyous moments (getting a girlfriend in your early twenties, going out with college friends, living in a dorm instead of at home, ...).