I wish God never knew meFuck, not even sure where to start. The title pretty much sums it up. I don’t just want to die, but I wish one of the other millions of sperm would have just got there a little bit faster. I’m not going to share everything here, sorry but I just can’t.

I was raised as a Baptist Christian and overall had a pretty awesome childhood. I’m 28 and recently divorced (9 years of marriage). Joined the Army when I was younger and am now higher up in the ranks.

There are a lot of layers to this onion that are probably best suited directly for a counselor. I just want to get some shit off my chest. Why I’m in this dark hole is sort of an enigma that I don’t even totally understand. It’s a combo of a lot of things. I’m too scared to share the morally reprehensible things that I’ve done. I can’t live with myself because they all went totally against what I was raised to be. I’d rather not even say what they are because I don’t think this is anonymous enough for me. I am the scumbag that should be rotting away in the darkest coldest place. It is not deployment related.

When I was 15, I thought I was going to hell. I simply wasn’t sure if what I grew up believing was true. Because of my doubt I was going to hell. I would say the sinner’s prayer 400 times or more a day trying to say each syllable with 100% faith (not exaggerating). Even a tinge of doubt would invalidate the prayer. I had no idea this was a form of OCD (religious scrupulosity I believe). I struggled with this for 4ish years. My relationship with God is an artifact of the past. I still believe in him and the Bible, but it’s just complicated I guess. I haven’t said the sinners prayer in probably 5 years or so.  

My marriage was great in the beginning until alcohol entered the picture when I turned 21. We divorced last year. She suffered with mental issues from her childhood and I didn’t even know it until about six years in. I was so extremely glad to be free from her. It was hell on earth. Yet, a part of me misses the girl I married in the first part of our marriage. That girl that existed in the good times is gone forever and I know that. I can’t separate that person from the nightmarish times, but she is the one I miss. 

What keeps me from just going to Academy and buying a shotgun are a few things. 
1) I don’t want to hurt my family. 
2) A closed casket 
3) Hell, this is a big one 
4) I still want to try DMT (I think this would help me tbh)
5) My cats

Fuck, I know there is more I should say to provide greater context but it’s just a lot of shit guys. I shower maybe every 5 days, I eat ALOT now and gained a lot of weight, I lay in bed all day and fuck around on my phone, and I sometimes go on alcohol benders. Recently I went to a casino area for 3 days and got a hotel room. I drank so much that I vomited yellow and green bile. I had some blood in it but it mostly was in my snot. Drank a bottle of jack the first day and a pint of jack and crown the next day. Alcohol really helps momentarily, like a lot. Afterwards is a different story. I’m working hard not to drink and haven’t in about a week. I’m happy that I haven’t drank in that time but it’s hard to cope. I gambled during that time too.

This post probably all seemed very disorganized and a bit all over the place...I guess kind of like a shotgun. If you read this, I just want to say thank you.

