I don't think I can take this anymore.Why are Suicidal people always trying to save others? I don't know how to be happy. I really don't. I'm 25. I'm use to being bullied and harassed. My own family harassed me with the Bible because me being a trans woman is sinful and against their religion apparently. 

I'm sick and tired of this world. Just want a way out. I've tried many attempts to only still be alive. Things like hanging or overdosing both failed. People says that I'm only still alive because I have a purpose. Rather, I didn't try hard enough. I'm tired of people saying they care only to be hurtful. 

No, I can't just snap out of it. Someone even told me that I'm only Depressed because I don't bother trying to be happy. Thing is, I rather be dead. Don't have anywhere local that's high enough to jump off. I'm sick and tired of living. I fail at everything in life and can't even kill myself properly. Then I even had people who would tell me to think about how good I have it compared to others. I'd love to go out like Hannah Baker but I'm told that even that way can have you still alive. 13 reasons why is Triggering as ever and barely even made it through the first episode...

I've been abused throughout my life. I've been punished a lot. I wish I knew what it was like to be happy. I use to be able to fake smiles and all. Once I came out as Suicidal to my friends and co-workers, everyone knows now and everything you don't tell to a Suicidal person has been told to me, only making me want to end it even more. I'm sorry if I was born with a body that I don't align with. I wish I liked my body. I really do. Not a thing is life would make me want to stay here. I've been feeling this way for years. 

Like I try to describe to my friends, it's like me wanting to take a knife and cut out my brain is how my thoughts are when I'm super depressed. 

Thing is, a normal person sees someone who lost a family member to Suicide and feel bad for them. I feel that, but I also wonder how the person died so I could do it myself. I'm tired of being alive. Is that such a bad want?