I'd like some help before things really go bad.Hi. I'm 25. I have a Master's degree and I currently make just under $60,000 a year. I make more than my parents even though they're twice my age. My coworkers are friendly and helpful. My bosses are considerate and they have my back when other parts of the organization come knocking. My finances are in good shape, too. In the past year I've bought a car; I've built my own computer; I've built myself a $6,000 emergency fund; and, thanks to my habit of putting half of my salary toward my student loans, I'll be debt free in two years!

Yet, despite all of these positive external things, I'm not doing well internally. Thoughts of suicide plague me constantly. At first they were a trickle, but now they're a raging torrent. Here, in as succinct a manner as I'm capable of right now, is why.

* As I went through high school, college, and graduate school, I tried very hard to stay on the straight and narrow. I wanted to succeed and I'd been taught that in order to succeed I had to make smart decisions. So I went through school actively avoiding a lot of things. I never tried any drugs. I didn't drink. I didn't party. I didn't sleep around. I avoided those things because I believed it was the right thing to do. I believed that not doing those things made me a better person and set me up for success. But it didn't. When I went through graduate school my classmates had done all those things. When I entered the workforce my peers and coworkers had all done those things too! They did all those things that I avoided and they were and are in exactly the same position I am. They're climbing the same mountains and accomplishing the same goals! That's been hard to swallow. What exactly did I accomplish by being responsible? What was the point if the people that did those things are right here with me? More and more it seems like I wasted the opportunities of my youth for nothing.

* I chose to major in economics in the summer between my freshman and sophomore years in college. I chose economics because it spoke to my desire to know what's going on "behind the curtain." I chose economics because it gave me a framework with which to understand the world around me. I loved it. But there was something about economics that I didn't anticipate: the politics. As I went through school, people would ask me about economics and I would do my best to explain. But they weren't interested in what I had to say. They had already decided their position and either ignored what I had to say or threw it back in my face. That stung, but I managed to rationalize it. "These people are idiots," I told myself. "They're not my intellectual peers. They're stupid. People as smart as I am wouldn't be so dismissive." So I stuck the course.

      I eventually had the chance to test my hypothesis. I was admitted into an internship program in Washington, DC, that would put me in classes with other handpicked students from around the country. I was thrilled. I was excited. "I will finally be surrounded by peers," I thought to myself. "I'll finally have real discussions." What a joke. My classmates in DC were more obstinate and intractable than the people I'd run into before. Even factual statements like "the Federal Reserve manages the money supply by buying and selling Treasury securities" were met with condescension and derision. Class discussions weren't discussions. They were shouting matches where people simply parroted their pre-determined ideologies instead of listening to each other. 

     My experience in DC taught me that my education and opinions don't matter. No one gives a shit what I think. No one gives a shit what I've learned. Even with a Ph.D. the things I have to say won't be worth the dirt we walk on. After DC I shut down a lot of the things I used to enjoy. I stopped watching documentaries; I stopped watching the news; I stopped contributing to conversations. Why think about things if those thoughts aren't worth jack shit? I also came up with a new rationalization to keep me going. "Okay, people don't give a shit what you say, but that's because they don't know you. The people that know you, the people that are close to you - those people care about you and what you have to say." As a result I became intensely loyal to my friends. And I kept studying economics.

* While I was in graduate school I met, dated, and fell in love with another Master's student. She fell in love with me too. We had a wonderful time together. Five months later that girl broke up with me. It was sudden; it was unexpected; and it left me heartbroken. I asked, maybe even begged, her to talk it out with me before ending the relationship. She refused. Heartbroken, I turned to my friends for support and consolation. But my friends weren't up to the task. Instead of helping me, they took this girl's side! They called me an asshole for wanting to talk about things before breaking up! Breaking up with my girlfriend was heartbreaking, but having my friends side against me was positively devastating. After that I went into an emotional free fall. Attempts to repair the friendships went nowhere because I was never able to get them to see my side of the coin. The best I got was that we had a "miscommunication" and we eventually just stopped talking to each other. Losing my love and my friends simultaneously was too much to bear, and for the first time in my life I began to consider suicide as a viable alternative. How else was I going to stop the bleeding?

That was last year. Back then I would think, "What about suicide? There's no joy in death, but there's no pain either. Maybe you'll find peace in death." Things have accelerated since then. Today, suicidal thoughts occupy every free moment of my life. And I no longer think that suicide might be an option. Now suicide IS the option. Now I think, "I want to die." And it's not just about my friends anymore. Now it's more than that. Now it's about the fact that I can't trust anybody. Stupid people didn't give a shit about me and what I had to say. Smart students like me didn't give a shit about me and what I had to say. And, finally, the people I trusted and confided in didn't give a shit about me and what I had to say. 

Now it's also about the fact that I can't make good decisions for myself. I should have chosen a less political major, one where others would respect my expertise, but I didn't. I should have seen the writing on the wall when my classmates in Washington spit on what I had to say, but I didn't. I should have done crazy, stupid shit when I was in high school, but I didn't. I should have slept around in college when I had the chance, but I didn't. In the former cases, I ignored the warnings. In the latter cases, I denied myself all kinds of things for reasons that turned out to be total bullshit. What other erroneous beliefs are lurking inside my mind? Can I really trust myself to make good decisions about my life anymore? This track record says otherwise.

So now I'm here, sitting at my desk while suicidal thoughts run riot through my mind. I'm thankful that I haven't yet made an earnest suicide attempt, but that attempt is coming. I spent this afternoon (and my afternoon last Saturday) dri...oh, it says not to talk about methods. Never mind!

Well, I guess that's it. What now?