I've decided to die in the most luxurious way possible.I apologize about this huge wall of text. I'll post the main topic first and then basically my backstory afterwards. I don't expect anyone to want to read it, nor will it even make a difference - I guess it's just more of a means to vent, especially because I've never discussed a lot of these things with anyone before so it's good to finally let it out.

The sparknotes version of the story is I'm going to be receiving a hefty inheritance from my grandpa once he passes, which will likely be this year. I fully realize that if I use this money correctly, I could probably live the rest of my life comfortably. I'll have more than enough freedom to leave everything behind; I could, say, move to a foreign country and re-establish my life there. I could get my GED, go to college, build a stable future. But I've almost absolutely decided to just live a few months in luxury after I receive the inheritance, then take my own life once it's gone and all of the "fun" is over.  I can not even fathom living on this earth for even ten more years, let alone sixty. I'd rather just "go out with a bang" and live exquisitely for a short while. In the words of Neil Young, "It's better to burn out than to fade away."

-------------

I grew up in a lower-middle class family. We basically always survived at the bear minimum - we got almost everything we absolutely needed (with the exception of some necessities, like health care), but nothing more than that. My mom refused to work due to crippling anxiety which she still refuses to get treatment for, so she decided to "home school" the kids as a scapegoat so she didn't have to get a job. I use quotation marks because she didn't really teach nor educate my siblings and I; she taught us the basics, and then gave up after that. None of us have an education level beyond 9th grade. We chose to independently educate ourselves from that point on, though obviously we have no documented proof of such - no high school diploma or GED.  Because of this reason alone, I've never had much hope for my future. I had no idea the impact that my lack of schooling would make later on in life - I was young, and beyond sheltered. Without an education, I feel like I'll never achieve anything.

It's sad, because I really had so much potential. I have a strong work ethic that I take pride in (promoted to a management position at my job after only a year of working there), I always busted my ass to get good grades when I was being educated. I'm confident that I would've made great achievements had I gone to school. I never had that opportunity and I'll probably never be able to get over that. Not one single person outside of my immediate family knows about this. Everyone thinks we were consistently home schooled and received our diplomas through an online program.

More on my family because it's relevant, my mom's fucking psychotic. Seriously. She fell into a depressive spiral and moved out of our house for 3 weeks because my brother and I called her a dork. She poisoned and killed my cat a few months ago. I drove my dad and our cat to an emergency vet clinic at 6 AM and shelled out $350 to have her put down because my dad couldn't afford it, and I absolutely couldn't bear to watch her suffer anymore. She was seizing and convulsing and my mom *sat there and watched it happen for hours*. She tried to convince my dad to kill himself multiple times, which almost succeeded because he did make the attempt a few times. One of my brothers has also attempted suicide. Another one has contemplated it. Now that I think about it, I'm pretty sure every person in my immediate family has been suicidal at a point. 

------------

My dad died three weeks ago. He was retired due to a heart condition. He only took half of his required medication because he couldn't afford the rest - yet religiously spent upwards of $400 per month on weed and cigarettes. Our last conversation was a heated argument, and my brother told me before he passed away that he thought I hated him. My dad died thinking that I hate him. The worst part is I didn't even care about that until he was gone. I always thought I shouldn't enable an addict no matter who they are, but my dad was depressed. He truly hated his life - and why wouldn't he? His own wife essentially tried to kill him so she could reap in his social security benefits and never have to work another day in her life. His step-children who he raised since young children turned out to be drug addicted criminals, and his birth-children never gave him the time of day. All he had was weed, television, and his cats (until his wife killed one of them, of course). I should've swallowed my pride and helped him through his depression, or at least made it somewhat apparent that I did (still do) love him so much. I'm sure the nagging suspicion that your only daughter hates you doesn't really assist with overcoming your depression. I was too absorbed in the fact that he was acting selfish, careless. We had a rocky relationship, but goddamn do I wish I could take it all back. 

The *only* person who has ever understood me completely is my brother closest in age to me - my only full biological sibling (my other, older brothers have a different father). I can't trust him. He's vindictive, and quite possibly at least a little bit sociopathic. He steals from me all the time. He owes me $450 - he was in a really bad situation last year and I helped him out, yet he continues to steal cash from me. I always thought that if I ever get out of this house one day, he'd be the only relative I continued communication with. But I don't even want anything to do with him now that I'm finally acknowledging his behavior. As far as family goes, I'm all alone, reddit.

Socially, I'm okay. I have a decent amount of friends despite my sheltered childhood. (I met most of them through work or other activities/sports I've participated in). I go out on the weekends. I have three best friends who are phenomenal and mean the world to me. My best friend is also depressed - she wanted to kill herself last weekend. I picked her up at midnight and drove around with her until 4 in the morning, just talking and trying to diffuse the situation the entire time. As much as I adore her and would never ever admit this to her, I think her presence sort of triggers *my* situation. Maybe it's an empathy thing, but the more she talks about her hatred for life itself and the desire to end it all, the better it sounds to me as well. I've never opened up to her about my suicidal thoughts, or really even my feelings for that matter. I'm too vulnerable, embarrassed, ashamed, and above all else, I don't even want her to try to talk me out of it.

------------

I broke up with my (now ex) boyfriend of 1.5 years last month. It was honestly a complicated situation, but the relationship was on/off and failing anyways. Essentially the root of our problems was that I was too sad all of the time, and while he was aware of my depression, he still took it personally. I don't blame him, however - It's certainly not easy to love someone who's depressed. It's not easy for either party, and I honestly just needed to isolate myself because pretending to be happy/interested/enthusiastic all of the time was absolutely draining me. He was placed in a psych ward the night after the breakup for expressing suicidal intent to one of his friends, and was consequently medically discharged from the marine corps. The military was his life, his identification. I feel like I ruined his career and it all comes down to the root of my depression and I can not for the life of me shake the guilt I've been feeling over it. I can't believe I made someone feel the same way that I've been feeling for years.

In a weird way, I've always had this intuition that I would end up killing myself someday. Even as a small child, I remember never being able to imagine my future beyond about 25 years because I knew I wasn't even going to be alive. I can recall being about 12 years old and discussing future plans with my friends - they talked about marriage, having children, what kind of house they want to live in, what kind of car they want to drive. I couldn't come up with anything because I knew I wasn't going to live long enough for it to matter.

---------

Like I said, I don't expect anyone to bother reading all of this, but I didn't really know where else to go because I can't talk about this with any of my peers. Thanks /r/suicidewatch for being my first and only outlet.