Living for my pets / my illness makes me want to give upI have a few chronic disabilities / illnesses, and I've had a myriad of other problems (including multiple tumours), but the one that restricts me the most is interstitial cystitis. It causes chronic pain, it's forced me to quite my job, give up my education, resulted in broken friendships because I have to cancel plans all the time, it's damaged my relationship because intimacy hurts and makes the symptoms worse. I barely leave the house, I'm in constant pain, and I'm always uncomfortable and embarrassed. I'm only 26 but it feels as though my life is over. I've tried almost every treatment possible, including incredibly invasive ones, and none of them seem to work. In fact, I've only been getting worse.  I've struggled with depression and anxiety almost all my life, but now it's become unbearable. Between the IC and the other health conditions I have, I don't even think I have a life any more, it's just an endless, lonely cycle of pain and surgeries that leave scars that hurt in the cold, and medications that make me sick and causes my hair fall out, and my bones to ache.

I have a 3 year old cat and a one year old dog. Sometimes, they're the only thing that keep me going. I love them so much, and they were both taken from pretty unpleasant situations, and are very nervous around strangers / unsettled by change. They are both deeply bonded to me (to the point where they follow me everywhere), and I know if anything happened to me, they'd be so scared and confused. 

It sounds ridiculous and utterly pathetic, but sometimes they're the only thing keeping me going. Which is terrifying, both because I don't know what I'm going to do in 15 years or so when they're both gone, and because I can't imagine living at least that much longer in this kind of pain (emotionally and physically). I feel guilty for wishing I'd never adopted them, because then I wouldn't have to worry about them, as they are wonderful little souls. 

I'm just so tired, and I'm not even sure why I'm writing this other than I need to talk to someone who isn't going to just blindly say "it will get better!" then continue on, cheerily, as if I haven't said anything at all.