When I tried to dieI was going on senior year of high school and my parents sat me down for *the talk* I’d heard so many times. Surprise hunny we’re moving to Mexico! 

Meant I couldn’t graduate with the people I tried to befriend over the last 3 years. Whatever, I expected it. 3 years in one place was too long for my parents. 

I drank a fifth of vodka and got really fucking high. Didn’t feel anything. The only thing I did wrong was drunkenly ask my friend if I could borrow her gun. 

Slit my wrists open and didn’t feel a thing. Didn’t care. Just watched the blood. 

I was 17 and didn’t really understand toxicity lol. Friend called my mom, I was unconscious bleeding out on my bedroom floor, body blocking my bedroom door. Mom called 911... I suddenly woke up knowing paramedics were coming... 

Lol back to “not understanding toxicity” I ate a bottle of blue acrylic paint... shit blue for a week. Paramedics tackled me and wrapped tourniquets around my wrists, dragged my sorry ass to the hospital, stitched me up and pumped blood and fluids into me. 

My family members tried to come into my room one by one but I screamed at every single one of them, telling them they’re the reason I was so psychologically fucked. 

Got thrown into a psych ward. First night they threw me into a hole wearing nothing but a paper gown. They watched me, naked. I was exposed  and it was worse than being raped because they were a psychological institution and could do whatever the fuck they wanted. It was cold but luckily that vodka was still in my system and I didn’t really fucking care anymore. I just stared at my stitches. 

Played the part, used my own understanding of psychology and got out in 5 days... the food they fed us was garbage and they woke me up every morning at 4am to watch me shit. No shampoo, no combs, I don’t even remember if I was allowed to brush my teeth. Maybe once or twice. 

When I got out, my *friends* took me go-cart racing and I smoked my first cigarette. Got addicted. 

Moved to Mexico anyways. After 2 weeks my *friends* stopped talking to me. 

Did it again, slit my wrists in the bathtub and watched the water turn dark red. Then my fucking cat walked in the bathroom and for some reason... that fucking cat... made me want to live. 

So I weakly wrapped my arms in a tourniquet. I lived. 

All because of my fucking cat. 

Mexico sucked. I drank way too much there. Got kicked out of school and sent back to the US. 

Long story short, graduated at an adult education school because everyone at RAH abandoned me in the worst way. Thanks, stephany fish. 

Walked across the stage classy as fuck in my prettiest dress and high heels, got my diploma and never looked back. 

About to graduate from college with a degree in anthropology. Judge me, but Foucault’s analysis of institutions has brought me to the decision that I’m going to do something to fix the system so girls and boys like me will have something to hold onto rather than falling into the depths of darkness I had to see. 

No one should go there. No one should feel that way. No one should hurt that much, and I’ll spend the rest of my life protecting the innocent hurting souls from choosing permanent solutions for temporary problems. 

I’m here if you ever need to talk to someone. I’ve been there. I’ve fucking been there, and I’ve lost people I could have helped if they just reached out to me. 

You’re not fucking alone, okay? Be stronger than that shit. 