I don't want it to be over, help?I don't know what I'm doing. I'm back in this dark place again. Each time my mind dives into this hell of self-destruction and death I get increasingly hopeless. Depression hopeless *and* increasing hopelessness about returning depression. How could it get worse? But yet it clearly always does. 

I'm a mess...again. And it's just too soon. My bipolar disorder isn't being "managed" well...obviously. I was discharged from my third hospitalization September 15. They didn't do much except take me off an antidepressant that was causing increased impulsivity and thus increased my already present self-harm. I wasn't suicidal when I was admitted, rather I just self-harmed to the point of physically making myself so ill and endangering my life. Anyway. It was a short stay because I didn't present with active suicidal ideation/intent/attempts. Got off the med, discharged, and a week later regretted that I didn't utilize the stay. I shut everyone out. Didn't want to be there, *told* everyone I didn't want to be there, and left as soon as they would discharge me. Wasted time and money because in reality I could have been more honest and *maybe* had a better med change. But you know, nope, didn't do that. 

Been regretting this further as my depression has increased. I'm dragging along and trying to function but I'm actually not functioning. Although a lot of people *think* I am functioning. 

I'm in college and need to graduate this May. There's no way around it. I need to and have to. Financially it must happen. I'll be 26 next year and lose my health insurance under my parents policy. I need to graduate, get my degree, and I cannot fail any classes. 

This semester is fucked. It's fucked so I'm fucked. And now my life is fucking over. 

And I actually don't want this to be the end. I actually would prefer to just become someone else, live a different life, where I didn't have this problem. 

So that's why I'm posting here. Because if there's another way or if I can change my current path, I'll take it. 

I want to hope someone out in the world can help me. But my depression is smothering that hope as best it can. 

Anyone, please, help me?


Edit: I suppose that my depression is telling the truth. In a world of people I'm alone. I'm sorry for posting this. 