I'm planning my suicide.I know this account was just made but it's not a troll account I am being serious here also my English isnt very good so I apologies about my grammar. Anyways I am 16 year old girl turning 17 in July. I dont go to school anymore I dropped about 7 months ago because it was too much for me. I am half Irish and Chinese okay that stuff isnt really relevant let me just get to the point. Basically I have struggled from the age of 10 to now .. with my school work, friends and pretty much everything. I was diagnosed with ''ADHD'' at the age of 11 and from then on I had to attend pointless meetings to visit the counselling, therapy, doctors etc. Everytime I would have to go there they'd let me off an hour or 2 before school or it'd start at 10AM in the morning and I would be so happy because I would get off school early but I was so stupid I didnt realize how it would effect me for my future years in school all I wanted to do was stay home and do whatever I want. Medication would make me feel like a zombie and having to take it everyday for school was a pain. I always failed my subjects and I had to get an sna (special needs assistant) when I was 13 at first I didnt get along with her but she was actually really nice. Then as I was 14 I was severely depressed I realized that there was no point of me attending school I would cry pretty much everyday on my way to school and coming home. A lot of people in my school were very smart and I was jealous of that something I never could be. My dream job was being a nurse because I like to help people but I guess that's not gonna be my future because I quit school at 16. Now everything is 10x worse than before my brother just graduated and he always got A's in his grades and my little sister gets all the attention and I feel like my family is ashamed of me. My dad and mom has tried to much for me and my future, but I didnt show much appreciation. All they do now is fight it doesnt effect me as much as it used too but it gets really annoying sometimes. I have 2 girls who I am closed too that I trust but I know they wont be here to support me everyday all day. I keep contact with two people online that help me and keep me happy sometimes so thats good I guess. It was always my brother getting the most attention from my family because he was smart and I wasnt, it really put me down and whenever my dads friends would see him or me it'd be the same questions like ''How is school?'' and ''What did you get in grades?'' It put me to the point where I only thought that grades meant everything. Now imagine waking up in your room everyday for 7 months straight but having nothing to do but just sitting in.. yeah it would make you like this I guess I know I could get a job.. I could do something but I am not happy or motivated AT ALL. The environment I am living in makes me super depressed. Well anyways so when it gets to the 25th of June I will be going to China with a friend of mine for an entire month coming back on the 25th of July. So it's my birthday 2 days after that, and I will be having to stay with her. Now why am I doing it around that time? because It will be the last month of having fun with someone I like to spend my time with. It will be the last time I ever will probably get to travel with a friend.. I may seem snobby and ignorant because I get everything but I dont. So when it's around that time I wish you all the best of luck in life. Thanks for reading it and like I said before I apologies that my English sucks..