I don't know how I can go on...Hello reddit, throwaway here... I had an account until a few days ago, but I needed to make this post...

Today I was talking with my two college friends about anime, games and stuff like that, when one of them told me that many people didn't tell me the truth about how I made them feel uncomfortable, and also that many people pity me and treat me as if I were disabled (because I made the goddamn mistake about telling them I had mild Asperger's).

I already knew that... But having somebody else tell me the same thing made me feel a bit better, because I knew that I wasn't paranoid.

They tell me the harsh truth without sugarcoating it, if I do something they don't like they'll tell me that, instead of just treating me like a fool...

When I was getting back home, I felt them arise again... I started to have suicidal thoughts again...

I was thinking about dying, to finally get some peace, because as far as things are, I don't think I have much of a future to begin with...

Because suddenly... Everything started to make sense.

Why many people never text or want to know me, why I'm easily forgotten and replaced, why I get awkward salutes, smiles or frowns... Or that I don't talk to some people except when we're together for a meeting, and then we don't talk until we meet again... And that I'm mostly spoken to when people ask me for my help in stuff, homework and things like that...

I fucked up, I really fucked up... Aside from my family and my closest friends I'll pretty much have no one until I die...

I promised them that I wouldn't think about suicide again, I promised them... But I'm not really sure if I'd be able to hold on...

The only way I could truly start again it would be if I could go to another city or country where nobody knew my secret, but I don't have money or resources to do so...

I don't know what to do... Many people just tell me to be positive and to keep things going but... At this rate, I'm worried that I might eventually lose the remaining hope I have...

I'll probably never find a girlfriend, or get married, or have children...

I'll probably be pitied and get looked down for the rest of my days until I die...

I used to have a good life, but when I revealed that everything started to turn darker, and I realized how much of a fuck up I am...

Just in case, I don't plan to do any kind of self harm anytime soon, promise... But I would like to know how to hold on, even if it's not for me and just for those I love...

I've had to be strong for a long time... And if a life of pity, indifference and betrayal is what awaits me then... Maybe most of my life was in vain...