I was falsely convicted of rape and spent two and a half years in prison. I can't get past this.Four years ago I had just graduated from university with a degree in engineering. I managed to get a junior position with a very good company. Everything was on track. One of my best friends at the time was a girl I went to college with. I had feelings for her, but I never said anything because she was with someone else - at this point in time they had just gotten engaged. One night we had been to a concert with a group of people. I was the designated driver. I drove everyone else home and she was the only one left in the car. She had left her stuff at my apartment before we went to the concert, so rather than have to drive all the way across town again she decided to stay at my place. It was late so we hung out and watched a movie. To make a long story short, we ended up having sex. She was a little intoxicated, but knew what she was doing. She kissed me, she unzipped my jeans. I certainly didn't rape her. When I woke up the next morning she was gone. The next thing I knew, I was being questioned by police. I told the police the truth -she stayed at my apartment and we had sex- which worked against me in court. That coupled with the fact that she is considerably more attractive than I am, essentially sealed it. The next month is a blur but I ended up getting sentenced to 4 years in prison.

I got out after 2 and a half years because of good behaviour. The only thing that got me through my time was that I knew I would be free one day. I thought that everything would be better once I got out. Unfortunately, that is not the case. My friends have all moved on and don't want to be associated with me. Initially my family believed me, but after I was convicted none of them supported me, they cut ties completely. After I got out I tried to start my own software company, but it quickly failed. No engineering company wants to hire a convicted rapist. I have been to so many job interviews, but I never get the job, or I will work for a day or two before being told that they can't hire me. I managed to get a job as a forklift driver so I now have enough money to live. But I don't know if it's even worth it anymore. I've always wanted to be an engineer. I wanted a job that was a challenge. On top of that I'm short and average looking, so it's going to be almost impossible to find a woman if I'm not successful or at least somewhat wealthy. 

I did everything right. I worked hard in school, treated everyone with respect, took care of my family. Yet everything can be over because a woman lied to protect her relationship? This isn't fair. This isn't fucking fair. Everything that I have worked so hard for is out of reach. I am tired of fighting. Even if I did somehow manage to gain some kind of professional recognition, this will always be looming over my head. "Oh my god, did you hear [thisisitformeimdone] raped a woman?" I can't do this any more. I want to die more than anything. People would cheer if I killed myself. "The rapist is dead." At the very least it might make "her" feel a little bad for everything she has done to me.