My brother [33m] attempted suicide for the fourth time.My brother has been bullied since his childhood because of his weight and color. His first attempt of suicide was when he was in school and kids use to tease him because of his color. During his graduation, He called him around 3 AM at night from his hostel and told me he can't take any longer and wants to come home. I took a flight early morning and picked him from the airport. He was literally filled with filth and torn clothes. He took atleast a year to recover, he took several counselors help and was able to complete graduation and masters with distant education. 

I tried to be as supportive as I could but it was only when it reached the boiling point. He was very good in hiding his pain. Financially, I helped him to get appointments and support to pay his counselors. Once I got job overseas, it became harder to be emotional support all the time and it was mostly financial support. Mistake i made was, I gave him more than he needed.

He was never able to become independent. I think I was responsible for that since I aided just too much that required money for him thinking he needs it but eventually he just got use to it and never attempted hard enough (IMO) to be independent. Now, i told him i will not send funds over but only pay for his counselling sessions other that that he should start working on his own. This was heavily influenced by the decision when I brought him to my location at overseas for 4 months because he said he needed a break before he gets a job. I had tough time convincing my wife to accommodate him. She was fair IMO, she was fine having parents over my place but she was adamant about my brother being independent and not been spoon fed. She felt I have been too sensitive and soft towards him which is right because I really cared for him. I just felt that I need to be very sensitive about him because he has attempedt suicide several times, I heard so many stories where people say to support a person of that condition and regret they didn't do it after they lost him/her. I dont want to be in that position of remorse. I wouldn't forgive myself if I lost him.

After 4 months when he went back, he still didn't put an effort for getting a job or being independent, he said he has become more depressed. this really made me upset and had a stern conversation with him and said i won't aid him anymore until my mother (who is bed ridden) convinced me to atleast support him for counseling fees. My father is aloof from all this. My parents, in a nutshell have been critical to all of us and never were very supportive. 

Yesterday, he called me and broke down. He said he has attempted suicide again. He wants to come to my location again. He is basically frustrated being at home, doesn't know what to do in life. He is just sick taking care of mother, cooking for her and have no goal of his own. I had arranged for maids and care taker for my mother but apparently it is not enough . In a way he thinks its a route of escaping his dreaded feelings when does all these household chores. I spoke to him for half an hour and calm him down. He felt OK after that but I had to start conversing with my father to be open with him and try to understand and support him. I passed on new counselors contact details and told him to stop meeting the current counselor and  get a new one. 

He is just frustrated that he can't step out of the house, his anxiety and low self confidence takes the best of him. He is not very open about his issues. At one hand, I have empathy of all the mental illness he is facing but at the other hand, I feel he is taking advantage of my softness and never wants to venture out and just have chill out life spending money i have been sending him. I am not sure how to help him, he is talented and well educated (Masters) but he just doesn't know how to step out and position himself in the society and work. 

tldr: my brother is suffering from bipolar. He was bullied throughout his life. At one end, I tried to help my brother with emotional and financial support but at the other end, i feel he is just chilling out and it is making him think that he does not need to be independent since i will take care of things. I am not sure what to do. 