Looking ForwardI am going to kill myself on Saturday so I'm going to take some time to be selfish and write why. I think my problems started at the age of two, my father walked out of my life and never came back. He never wanted anything to do with me, my mom was single for a while and we were close but when I was five she got with a man who physically and verbally abused me after over a year of knowing this was happening she decided to marry him. They had a kid who is my half brother and I was always made to feel left out and like I didn't belong. I feel like i've never really had family as the result. So I'm gay and had a hard time coming to terms with this, I hated it I didn't want to be gay I struggled with it prayed not to be and nothing ever changed but then around the age of 13 I fell in love with someone I thought was my best friend. He lead me on for years which eventually ended about 6 years later with me being told to kill myself for being upset at a string of broken promises, so of course I did try to kill myself he knew and did nothing the next day when I didn't die I sent him a text saying I was done with him and a day after I attempted suicide I get a cop knocking at my door that leads to me being hospitalized. So now I'm out of highschool and I develop schizophrenia where I'm put on several mood stabilzers, anti depressants, anti psychotics that makes my life a living hell because all they did was sedate me and never helped with my hallucinations so I spent a good three years essentially staring at my bed room ceiling unable to muster the energy to leave my room while hallucinating and being taunted by voices, so I stopped taking my medication and tried really really heard to get my life on track. I made a friend who lives over seas and I became attached to him and he was very supportive and nice to me. I lost 30 pounds after gaining a ton of wheight, I tried to get a job, I tried to make friends. I got a part time job eventually, now everything I've worked for seems like it's been for nothing because I'm still alone. I feel feral and I have a hard time articulating my thoughts so I had to be my psychiatrist to put me on some medication to help me concentrate which he agreed to eventually then I tried to see about furthering my education and that has been a dead end so far all the mean while I've been getting closer to my friend over seas to the point I think I've fallen in love. I tell him how I feel and he doesn't seem to care is still fine with me we countinue our friendship eventually he says he doesn't want anything but friendship which I'm fine with as long as he is happy. So I meet another guy who has psych issues but he's always been nice to me and I decide to chase after this after years of getting no where dating and the first date goes okay, I learn he has no family or friends just moved out on his own from a situation, he needed help so I was happy to help him the next day I go to his house trying to help him get his clothes washed. We hang out and he blows up on me because I kept asking him if he was okay sort of a nervous tick of mine and he dragged me through glass at which point I'm upset because all my life has been filled with failed relationships with friendships, relationships, and family. Now my over seas friend is becoming distant slowly cutting me out of his life finally today I can't take it anymore I tell him I'm going to disapear for a while because I don't want him to know what I'm going to do and I don't want to worry him. I know I shouldn't validate my life with other people but this is inhuman to live most of my life without a single meaningful relationship. I'm in pain. I don't want to die but it would be worse to live like this. Just a constant hell of confusion and lonliness. I'm looking forward to my oppurtunity when I am the least likely to be disturbed or saved. So many people have told me my life would improve and it's only gotten worse. I know no one will care and everything will go on fine without me, I still tried to help the guy that hurt me today I dropped off food and gave him company because I know he's alone I worry about him and my literal only regret is how my death will affect a single person who treated me like trash. I'm an idiot.