Realizing I have nothing to live forThis is just gonna be a vent-type post. Thanks to anyone who reads it. &lt;3

Anyway, it's midnight on a school night and I should be asleep but I'm awake typing this. My mind has been so restless for the past few months and it's getting to the point where I almost feel like I'm about to snap.

You know when you can feel yourself falling into another bad depressive episode? That sinking feeling throughout your whole body when you realize that you've got nothing to look forward to in life? Yeah. That's pretty much how I've felt 24/7 since around last October.

I dunno, I just haven't had THIS bad of a depressive episode since two years ago and I can't even go a single day anymore without thinking about new ways to commit suicide. I don't think I have the guts to follow through or anything, so don't worry about me – I just can't get it out of my head.

I keep telling myself, "Just get through this week and you'll be okay. Get through this month and it'll be better." The problem is that I've told myself those things every day for years. And it hasn't gotten better and I'm still not doing okay.

I've got nothing to look forward to in my life because nothing brings me pleasure anymore. I used to love listening to music but now I get no emotional response from any of my favorite songs. It's sad. It's like I'm watching everything through a screen and I feel so disconnected from my own life.

And my dog, she's one of the reasons that I'm still here right now. I love her with all my heart and she's the best dog anybody could ask for, but I find myself believing more and more each day that she would be fine without me. I know she loves me as much as I love her, but depression tells you to believe weird things, you know?

I won an academic award the other day and I could not have cared less. Younger me would have been ecstatic; current me made my mom feel so disappointed because I was too depressed to get up off my ass and go with her to the award ceremony. She was looking forward to it, and she looked so hurt when I told her that I didn't want to go. I can't even do a simple thing like that for my mom anymore.

I'm realizing now that this was all over the place. Organized thoughts are not really my strong suit.

I just feel like it's getting more and more difficult to continue on. Death seems like a welcome change.

Once again, thank you to anyone who took time to read this. I feel slightly more at peace after writing this.