Tired of life.Hi. I'll try to keep this shortish.

I'm Angel, I'm 19, and I've been contemplating suicide. I know it's not going to be tonight, but it'll be soon. I've grown tired of life and I don't think I can handle it anymore.

Of course, there is a reason. My life's been kind of a mess since i was 15 when I came out of the closet and announced to my family and friends I was gay. My parents were disgusted. Most of my friends already figured it out, so they were mostly fine, but I always had the feeling a few people didn't like that about me. After I came out, my dad would constantly verbally abuse me. Calling me a faggot, making gay jokes, anything to make it clear I was an abomination to him. My mom didn't do any of that, but she drifted from me. It was clear she didn't like it, and even though she never said it, I could tell she wished I wasn't her son. 

The only person in my family to truly accept me being gay was identical twin brother, Kaiden. We were very close. We weren't the stereotypical twins with an identity crisis who did everything  together. Actually, we did a lot of things separately. He played baseball, I played soccer. I was on student council, he was in drama club. Etc. but we always ate lunch together at school, play pranks on teachers, and we would tell eachother basically everything. 

When I was 17, my family moved. I went to a whole new school, and had issues making friends. My father continued to verbally abuse me. Finally, I got tired of it. I couldn't take it. So, I attempted suicide. I drank bleach. Kaiden found me, rushed me to the hospital, and they pumped my stomach. Kaiden insisted I get help but I refused. He decided the best thing for me would be to move out of the house, so he and I rented an apartment.

The next almost two years went by smooth, Kaiden and I sharing an apartment. We both had a boyfriend/girlfriend, and we never spoke to our parents. Sharing the apartment was great, we never really had problems.

But then, about 2 months ago, Kaiden got in a car wreck. A few days later, he died. I've been completely lost without him. It's like part of me is gone. He was practically my whole reason for living. 

My boyfriend has tried so hard to help me out, but honestly, it's not working. All I do now Is mope, sleep, eat a little bit, play some video games, Sleep more. My life is meaningless. All I feel is pain now. At Kaiden's funeral, my mom said her only son had died. Dad shot me mAny nasty looks, and made even more gay remarks than usual. I couldn't stay the whole service, it was terrible. I'm so lonely, I don't know what to do other than to just end it.




Edit:Since this is Suicide watch, I'd like to say I'm not planning on doing anything tonight. I'll probably fall asleep again soon. Nobody freak out if I'm not replying. 