I really can't see the pointI'm very tired.

I'm tired of living a life of misery.

My life has been shit from the start, and you know what? I feel hard done by.

I hate everything about my life. I can't do anything.

I can't eat. I can't sleep. I can't do work.

Everything I do is riddled with so much anxiety that I can't do anything.

I live in an endless cycle of hell. And I'm tired of it. I really am.

My room's a mess, I don't even have a bed at the moment so I alternate between sleeping in my mom's room and on the sofa. 

I can go the whole week without showering, which is gross, but I literally don't have the time, and I don't care about anything. I am severely depressed. More than people think I am. I don't care about anything and I don't want to do anything.

I look at other people my age and they have jobs, relationships, they go out, learning how to drive and I can't do anything.

I can't even go in to school without breaking down and crying. I'm so sad all the time. I'm on meds, been on them for at least a month, but my life is just a wreck. More than I can even explain on here.

And I don't want to do it anymore. I don't want to be me anymore.

I don't think I'm gonna make it to my birthday in 2 months, much less the year. 

I have a therapist that I only see once a week but it's not enough.

I can't cope with life. I don't want to cope with life.

I just want to die, because being alive is so painful.

 I look back at pictures of me when I was younger and it makes me so sad. I was always happy, wanted to be centre of attention, always smiling for the camera; whereas of someone tried to take a picture of me now I'd try to burn their phone, and I can't remember the last time I was generally happy.

"You're so young"

That's what makes it worse.

I'm so young, yet have felt enough heartache to last me a lifetime. I'm so stressed I'm getting multiple rashes all over my skin..

I just want to give up. I feel like I should be allowed to give up.

Some people aren't meant to have a good life. And it's okay if I'm one of them. But that doesn't mean I have to stick it out to the end.