Still on the watch.I was born in a small town in New Jersey. I spent the first four years of my life in a town where my dad was heavily involved in town council, and was the acting mayor for a year. When my parents had my second brother we moved, out of a relatively lively haven of civilization into a county of farms and fields. Being the quiet, bookish type, and being quite small, making friends was difficult. I didn't have a talent for sports, and I cared more about my own reading material than my academic prowess. So, when I was invited to another childs house for a sleepover, I leapt at the opportunity. That night would irrevocably change my life. I was awoken in the middle of the night with a hand over my mouth and another tugging down my pants, before being forcibly sodomized in the kitchen by this child's father. Too hurt, frightened, and shamed by what had happened, i held back on the information. Refusing to undress for gym with the other kids in 5th and 6th grade only compounded my previous awkwardness, as my discomfort with what had happened led to a discomfort with my own body. I started to put on weight, and I was teased for it. Responding in kind led to violence that I was unprepared to handle, and I left the school in the last marking period of 6th grade, having suffered multiple fractured ribs, a broken wrist, and multiple broken fingers from one sided fights. I spent the next two years at a private school, with 13 kids in my graduating class. I finally hit puberty, and grew, and branched out. In the first trimester of my 8th grade year, a classmate made the remark that since all of my friends were girls, and since i didnt play a sport, i must be a faggot. That triggered a spiral downward into what i would later learn to call depression. I graduated, barely, my obsession with MMOs begun by my history teacher as a way to draw me out of my shell having wreaked havoc through my motivation for success. I watched my friends leave me behind for prestigious private high schools, while I went to a local high school's engineering program. Lacking the support network and teachers i needed, i struggled. I alienated the other kids in my program, my teachers had no patience for me, and i failed out deliberately. That was the year I died. I stayed home from school without my parents knowledge and hung myself from my bedroom ceiling fan. As chance would have it, after id begun to asphyxiate and was already going through cardiac and neural death, my weight ripped my fan from the ceiling. My father, who had left work early due to being sick, found me on the bed, dead. I live around 5 minutes from a hospital, and the paramedics arrived in time to resuscitate me. I spent the next month hospitalized, undergoing a battery of tests both physical and psychological, while i dissected my own identity and desires. I decided i owed it to myself to be a better person, and to not let myself get down so easily. The next three years of high school are better left unmentioned, filled as they are with cheating girlfriends, lies about pregnancy, abandonment, and a brief foray through the enchanting wilds of anorexia. Two years ago i started community college, to the despair of my mother, a career educator who was lucky enough to find her dream at six years old and never let go. The constant feeling of never being good enough, and of never living up to their expectations eats at me, as does the guilt of costing them so much money, which my mother brings up at every opportunity. I've taken to spending 4-5 nights a week out with friends because the idea of being alone at home terrifies me so. The coping method ive found is relentlessly baring my soul to those around me, with the mentality that if everyone knows what baggage im carrying with me and choose not to be friends with me, at least it will be over soon. The girlfriend doesnt understand my need to be alone, or the crippling shame and disgust that accompany every depressive downswing. The friends think i make up stories, because every day has a new depressing thing to be shared. Having opened myself up the world around me, i find myself unable to close, unable to stop the flow, as i drown myself in it. I live off of bonds with my friends, off of emotional connections that i can hold tightly to when i feel like im going to drift away, but there's no way to force that, and telling somebody that makes it seem so utterly ridiculous. I have anxiety attacks when my friends hang out without me, terrified that i may miss a joke or an important event, and forever be relegated to the fringe of the group. The panic overwhelms me, two to five times a day, every day. Its the hardest at work, being employed by a fast food franchise. The GM is very much self centered, and the assistant manager is my already over-burdened best friend. Besides, one can't exactly tell one's manager that they need to go to the restroom, now, because otherwise theyll burst into tears on line. Or throw up. My disgust with myself has risen to such levels that the only thing i feel reliably anymore is self hatred as i try to belittle myself into action. So there you go reddit. Have a ball.

TL;DR Got raped, got abused, killed self, zapped back, cant manage depression or stress.