I've always planned to end my life next year.I wanted to end my life at 25 and, currently, I'm 24. I have severe anxiety and major depression and it's been that way my entire life. I've never had any friends (not even online) and, due to being apparently autistic (I was diagnosed as a teenager), I can't really communicate with people. I can sometimes online, but not enough to form relationships. 

And it's just--lonely. But it's a loneliness that I'm too afraid to get out of; I'd rather kill myself than brave being around people. 

I can't even express how it feels to simultaneously want human connections while being too afraid/socially inept to pursue them.

And because of this inability to be around people, I've never had a job. In fact, the idea of one terrifies me. It'll be like living in the same hell I'm in now, but with the added feature of having to be around people + complete tedious, pointless tasks. 

And I generally just don't want to do anything. Like, I don't even have anything that makes me genuinely happy, so the idea of "doing something you love" is off the table. I don't love doing anything. Not even the random handful of hobbies that I have--like vidding or gaming--bring me any joy.

I'm in school, though. But for only one hour a day and I can barely handle that. 

I can also visualize myself being happy just fine. The problem is, I don't see a point in trying. I'm 24, and I've never had any friends, or a job, or self-worth, and I'm completely dependent on my emotionally abusive parents. By the time I sort anything out, I'd have to immediately meet expectations, like move out, get a job, and generally progress in life. And I just want to stay in my room. 

And passed 25 that probably won't be an option. I don't think I'll be kicked out, but the expectations will grow, and I just don't want to meet them. There's no point. And I just want to be done with everything.

Though sadly, there's another reason why I gave myself until I reach 25: I'm just too much of a coward to get it over with now. Having a set date is just comforting for me. The idea is: "I don't have to try and get better, because I'll just be dead in half a year anyway." 

But, with each day, the idea of waiting just gets less and less comforting. My fears are slowly starting to fade. I even went as far as to tie a noose a few months ago. Maybe I'll have the courage to actually put my head through it next. 

I mean, what's a few seconds, minutes, or hours of pain--depending on the method used--compared to having to live out a lifetime of it? 

But yeah. I'm sorry for the disorganized rant and being overly dramatic? I know I come off as a lazy brat. I just felt like venting and, on some level, wanted someone to know a little about how I'm feeling. 