My roommate has opened up to me about suicide, and I'm at a loss.Before I start, I want to say I don't post too much on Reddit, so forgive my formatting.  I've had very, very few friends who have had suicidal thoughts, but this one is the most extreme. My friend/roommate just opened up to me about his depression issues. I've known something has been up the past few weeks, but he never said anything to anyone about it.  


I know the main rule: don't convince them to do anything, just listen and help and don't give advice. My thoughts are very scattered, so please forgive me, but I am very concerned. Along the lines he said these things:  


"It doesn't matter how many times I have this talk with people, it doesn't get any better."  


&gt;This was the first sign to me that this was very serious.  

 
"I have always have had depression."  


"I don't see myself living past 25."  


"I want professional help, but I would only do it to humor those who tell me to get it. It's more selfish for people to make other people suffer everyday then to let them take their life."  


&gt;This was hard to hear, I want him to get help. But I also see his point. This is where I feel at loss. Who am I to say he cannot decide what to do with his life?  


"The only thing that has stopped me from the past few months is because I don't want you to end up with everything."  


&gt;Honestly, I just want to cry. I don't even know **how** to feel about that.  


"Professional help is my last resort."  


"I don't feel like I have a purpose. I have no goals or dreams."  


What can I do for him? I mean, I love him like a brother, but if he doesn't want to continue living, then who am **I** to say he can't. I believe people are free to live their life the way they want to, even when it comes to the matters of life and death. Does that make me a bad friend? I don't condone the acts of suicide. I don't think it's right. But I do believe that I or anyone else has a say so.  


Here are some things about my friend:  

*he is transgender  
*he is atheist (so things like church don't help)  
*he does have loneliness  


I am at a loss Reddit. I really am. I am afraid to come home and found him dead. I can't sleep. What can I do for him?  
