It'd be better for everyone if I vanished off the face of the earth.I'm a 21 year old woman. I've been in a relationship for six years with my fiancé. We just got engaged last week.  I have friends. My best friend has been in my life for three years. This still isn't enough. I have other friends too. I play pen and paper games. I'm trying to get back into art. I'm trying to teach myself how to code. It's not enough. I've been depressed literally as long as I can remember. It's not a question of if I'm going to lose the battle, but when.

My fiancé is the only one who loves me how I want to be loved. He calls me. He talks to me. I'm a priority in his life. I feel like my other friendships are of convenience. If I come to them, they'll listen, but they won't come to me. Why would they? What do I possibly bring to the friendship? I'm not funny, I'm not smart, I'm not educated, I'm annoying and stupid. They say "I would tell you if I was mad at you", or "if I didn't want to talk, I'd say something". Bullshit. Everyone is tolerating me out of politeness.

My best friend talked to me and helped me through my problems for years. We talked about everything. He helped me with everything. I thought he was my brother. He was unemployed at the time. Now that he has a job, we hang out rarely. I try to have our old talks, and he just ignores me. I am so stupid for thinking he would consider me like a sister. It is so fucking audacious that I could think anyone would love me.

My fiancé would be so much happier and better off with another girl. I'm 5'8" and 250 pounds. I'm fat and disgusting. My anti psychotics may have made me gain weight, I don't know, I could be trying harder to lose it but my joints are crappy and cooking is difficult for me due to circumstances.  We only have sex in two or three positions, and not super often. I cry a lot. I have PTSD triggers during sex sometimes. I'm depressed. He helps me SO MUCH financially, paying for dates and helping me with debt. I contribute nothing in return.

My friends are tolerating me and would be happier without me, I'm a burden on my fiancé, my family loves me as a family member but they don't like me for who I am and I just drain their money and time, and I have no skills or talents or virtues.

I'm afraid of pain but I can't do it any longer.