I wish i wouldve died in my car accidentI dont feel like acting upon my suicidal thoughts, i just always have them. They get pretty bad at times, down to where it will happen, how, what time, etc. I believe i have bipolar disorder, but my psychiatrist does not think i do. I go through phases where i am extremely depressed, and phases where i want to do everything and try everything and sign up for classes and paint and record music and more and more. In my bad phases, i get angry and beat my face and head with my fists, i dont cut anymore, but i have gotten back to beating myself up, and i have made several painful bumps on my head. 

When i am depressed, i vape extremely heavily. I quit doing it every day for a while, but on my bad days ill do it for hours. Ill get a little disposable vape and use 3 in a few hours. Even with the law change, i find sellers who are willing to sell to me (im 20) and i use my old stuff i had before the law change. I think its stupid and refuse to follow it. I dont believe the news headlines saying its bad for you. I dont believe something thats helped me so much can hurt you. I dont believe the hype. I also use kratom. Its an herbal tea that you can get in powder and capsules that affects your opiod receptors. It turns them on similar to prescription painkillers, though not as strong. Without kratom, i would already be gone. 

I dated a 31 year old man beginning when i was 15 years old. He got me into sending pictures and videos to him. Im sure you know the sort. I was with him until i was nearly 20, when i moved back home from living with him. He doesnt believe what he did was wrong. We truly did love each other. But he destroyed me. Ever since i have gotten home from living with him, i have not been the same. I have thought of suicide more often. I have changed methods to more secure ones. When i was living with him, 6 hours away from home with no one besides him, i attempted suicide near him. He did nothing. He stared at me with a blank expression and screamed at me for misusing my medication. He didnt save me. I brought myself to the hospital. And then i left for home. 

I was depressed before i even met this man. I began feeling depressed at 12 years old and thought of suicide since 9. 

A few months ago, i was in a major car accident. I was tboned by a truck going 60 mph right on the drivers door. I broke my pelvis in multiple places and suffered a mild concussion. It felt like a curse. I was so close to death, and i didnt even make it. I often wish i would have died. I dont know why they bothered saving someone so hopeless. Im now 20 thousand dollars in debt from the accident (it wad my fault) and have no way to pay it. I have constant pain in my pelvis. Ive neglected help because of the cost. 

I was in therapy and a group therapy. I quit because they were charging me thousands of dollars. Insurance refuses to cover treatment. I cant afford therapy. I tried making an appointment, and they told me insurance would not cover it. I believe the mental health field is nothing but a scam out to get your money.

I have very unusual opinions, just look at my reddit. Im an antinatalist, a nihilist, an athiest, and a true believer in the belief that life means nothing. Please dont preach jesus to me. I had a very traumatic past with religion. When voicing my opinions online i have been told to end my own life, that no one will love me, and that i am worthless. 

I feel like this will never end. Treatment is too expensive. I feel like i will have no choice but to end my life within the next few years. Im terrified of growing old. I dont want to die a slow, painful death. I WANT to die by my own hand, and thats what scares me. Sorry this is all over the place. I wish i could be more consistent with it, but thats just how it is.