Somewhat better but still fighting suicidal ideationSo after years of being medicated I stopped taking my meds a few years ago and then each episode after got worse and worse...bringing us to this year. 2017 has felt like SHIT for me. January was semi-ok but I had a fight with a friend (and housemate) that led me to telling her to get the fuck out of my apartment and then feeing guilty and considering just walking into traffic to get rid of the me problem. I'd been having these reactions to small things for years and didn't realize I had a problem until I was talking to my therapist this year. Then February hit me like a brick...I got very sick, very fast. Panic attacks almost every day. I started to struggle to leave my apartment. I was very suicidal and bent on self-harm too. I purged for the first time in years. I tried to hang myself in April...I started therapy in march but it wasn't doing much and I was afraid to tell my therapist. I started medication later in April and got up to my current dose and combination in late May. 

In a lot of ways I feel better. My energy is back. I'm sleeping and eating ok most days. I've gotten to some errands that I'd put off for six months. I don't feel like I'm losing time the way I was. Some days I'm ok. Some days I'm still contemplating suicide. On a whim I looked up the lethal dose of one of my meds and have considered saving up and having it with some anti-emetic medication and alcohol and trying to get the kind of rest from the way I've been feeling that i long for sometimes. Just going for the good sleep when I'm here alone for hours. I've ODd before, both ending up in the ER (and ICU for a few days) and waking up in my own vomit but it still feels tempting. 

I know I should tell my psychiatrist about this. I'm horrified though of the possible hospital bills and how disappointed my husband would be if I had to take a week or more off work to stabilize to the point where this isn't happening. 

I don't know what to do. I'm afraid of actually going through with this and of telling people what's going on. 