I have never known real joy.I've never felt happy in my life. Not even as a young child. Certain situations and people made it hard to find any joy in anything. I don't even know what it's like to be happy. I've been diagnosed with depression at 13 but was already wishing to die when I was a lot younger. I still have that wish now, it never left. I won't commit suicide just yet because of my mother but I'm really just waiting until it's okay to do it. I know this is suicide watch and I'm probably only allowed to post if I'm actually about to kill myself but I'm just posting this to.. I don't even know. I need something. Anything. I can't live like this anymore. I don't know what I'm looking for really but I know I've always had this emptiness and its freaking eating at me. I feel hollow. Dead. Numb but at the same time feeling too much at once. I'm angry, I'm depressed, crying and silently screaming. The only thing making it bearable is selfharm but even that is getting too dangerous. I can't do this anymore. Why can't I just be someone else. Anyone else but me. I hate myself. Always have. My head is Hell. It's that bad. I'm only 25 but I've been wanting to die from really young, about 8 or 9. I've been in a constant state of severe depression for over half of my life. I should be having the time of my life, being young, wild and free. Instead I'm locked in my own head like a prisoner. I've couldn't enjoy my young childhood, I was devastated and suicidal during my teen year and now as a young adult I feel like a shell with nothing in it.

If only I didn't love my mother, then I could've ended my life years ago. Just a tiny razor, a few minutes and everything would finally be over. Instead I have to wait until my mother passes away so that she doesn't have to know of my suicide. It would kill her. But waiting is killing me. It keeps getting worse every day.

Sorry for the pointless rant, I'm not sure what I'm even trying to do or achieve here. Feel free to delete it if it's not allowed on this subreddit. 