this is a fucking nightmare worldi’m not really at a serious risk of killing myself probably but i am so fucking done and i really just want to get this off my chest and for even one person to hear me. i grew up in a really shitty town and i had chronic pain, so i got into pills and alcohol so i don’t remember most of 10th grade. i was in a relationship with someone who was mentally physically and sexually abusive to me. one day he held a knife to my throat. i finally left him, ignoring his death/suicide threats because i was so beaten down that i didn’t care what happened to me anymore. he then broke into my house. i finally got a restraining order but his lawyer got it repealed. i was too afraid to go to the only highschool where i live because he also attended, so i left for boarding school. i was very lucky my parents could afford it and just so grateful for a safe place to live. from then on my life was pretty messy, especially compared to my private school friends and i struggled with my ptsd but i was still very happy and i had a great support system. my senior year i had been working so hard to get on to the senior advanced dance team and get a lead role in the senior play. i had never had an opportunity to participate in the arts like this since my town is so small. this was my dream. i had felt so shitty all the time and for once things were looking up. but then covid hit during our spring break and we were all forced to stay home and do online school for the rest of the year. my grades dropped and i lost everything. boarding school gave me everything that my home couldn’t: opportunity, safety, love, community and support for my ADHD. i was also working with a physiotherapist and specialist doctors to heal my chronic pain. since being home, my illness has gotten even more terrible than it was before i left for school, and i have very limited access to healthcare. covid took everything from me. now i am working a bullshit job just to get by, constantly abusing drugs and alcohol again and there are no mental health facilities. i can’t even get my drivers license to leave here because they stopped testing. i’m just trying to survive everyday but it feels fucking impossible. everything is so fucking complicated and this is the shittiest fucking town. i am back at square one but there’s nowhere to go and i might just lose it and kill myself