Maybe it's time to just be done with it.I don't know the point of going on anymore. My life is in a very dark place, and there is no light at the end of the tunnel.

I just feel stuck, and all alone.

Currently going through a divorce, but that's amicable, we really don't have any conflicts, it's all by agreement. The initial separation was hard, she had her boyfriend move in while I lived in the basement. But that's in the past, I've got my own place now so don't have to deal with that anymore. We have 2 kids, 4 and 2.5 - and the visitation schedule is reasonable, I love my kids and they are everything. But while I would do anything for them, it's just not enough to keep going. They will survive without me.

Work has been very stressful lately. Management got changed up, my boss got demoted, and so now I have a new boss. He's making lots of changes, and has taken a lot of work off of my old boss (mostly because of my old bosses incompetence) and put it on my and my coworker. I think I'm starting to burn out again. I burnt out last year, this is one of the big reasons why my marriage went to shit. But I don't know what to do. I keep saying I've overloaded and can't handle anymore, but they keep piling more and more on me.

I can't afford to quit. Right now I am barely making ends meet - between child support and credit card debt, I barely have enough to pay rent and bills, leaving me $140/2 weeks to cover all variable expenses - food, toiletries, pet supplies, going out. $10/day doesn't go very far. The kids are going to start daycare in 2 weeks because the ex is going back to school - I will have to pay 59% of those costs - that will have to come out of the $140 I have available for every 2 weeks. I don't know how I'm going to eat, probably end up using the food bank.

I just don't know what more I can do.

On to the social life - with the divorce, I lost all my friends. I have never been very good at making friends, so all our friends were shared friends. Most of them cut off all contact with me as soon as I moved out. The one that didn't, we've set up coffee dates multiple times but she always cancels. I've given up on that. I've tried going to meetups, but it was getting too expensive, and not getting any gain - a few acquaintances made, but no real friendships. My social skills get in the way. I'm pretty sure I have Aspergers. Never been diagnosed, but I match many of the signs.

As far as family, things are pretty much shit there. I haven't spoken to my mom in about 6 months, after she bitched me and my siblings out for going out to dinner with my dad (they divorced last year, and both already getting remarried to new people this year). All I want from her is an apology and a statement of respect, she can't get over her pride enough to do that, so fuck her. I'm on good terms with my father, but he hasn't been around much lately, been enjoying the fruits of his new marriage. One of my siblings lives a couple hours away, so I don't see him much, my other sibling I don't get along very well with. She lives in town, but is moving across the country in less than a month, so that doesn't matter anymore either.

I'm just really having a hard time finding any motivation to keep going. There doesn't seem to be anyway to improve my life. I can't go on living the way I currently am. I'm a drone right now, usually too busy to have any emotions. When I do have any emotions I just feel like crap and no longer want to live.

Maybe it's time to just be done with it.