Slowly losing the battle.Mental health problems run in my family, my mother and her mother (my maternal grandmother) both having issues with depression and addiction, and cases of bipolar, schizophrenia, and depressions are too common on my fathers side. My father ruined my childhood (probably pretty relatable in this subreddit), being a man on a myriad of antipsychotic and antidepressant medication, who had his psychiatrist warn his own mother that his pathological hatred for women made him a danger even to her. I grew up with drugs and abuse being the norm. I was never the target of my fathers abuse myself but I can’t count the amount of times I had to watch him hurt my mother for as far back as I remember. Needless to say I hated him, I never wanted to be like him, and I never wanted to have a family or a girlfriend just in case I didn’t have a choice. You’re all clever so you can probably see where this is going, I fell in love and for nearly two years life was perfect and I thought maybe I could just forget about everything I grew up with. Well we were careless,  and she fell pregnant (I’m aware of exactly how stupid that makes me), and that’s where things fell apart. I didn’t think I’d ever be abusive in the way my father was: mind games, isolating, gaslighting, physical and emotional abuse, even sexual abuse. I learnt the hard way that I am equally abhorrent as the man who represents everything I hate about human beings, and I did that all to the only human being I ever loved. Luckily she was strong, and she left me, knowing that I’d only keep hurting her, and that it’d affect our son. She didn’t want me to be in his life, and all my friends didn’t understand why I wouldn’t fight to see him, I knew that even my presence caused her distress and that affected our boy, as much as I loved him and her I knew that me being cut out was the best idea. No amount of therapy or medication made my father any better and I really doubt there’s much hope for me either. It’s been nearly two years since and there isn’t a single night that I don’t waste agonising over the fact that I’ll have to wake up and continue to be me, I just don’t want live with the fact that I ruined the life of a woman who did nothing wrong, and a young boy who did nothing but be born the son of an awful human. Each day I find it harder and harder to rationalise still being alive, the guilt over causing grief for my mother, my grandmothers and friends is the only thing keeping me here, after all I deserve to still be here suffering, I don’t deserve peace at the expense of others. But it’s more difficult to live with everyday, and I just hate myself so damn much that I’d be happy to kill me, in the same way I’d be happy to kill my father. What a rotten, evil waste of space I turned out to be, I’ll keep fighting for now, but honestly I feel it’s in vain, there just isn’t a good reason to keep evil alive in our world, even if it’s myself.